You don't always believe in the view. Boy, America's sure going to miss her, propaganda pushing big, muff, blabbering nonsense like this. You wanted a wide-weigh going to Iran. For the money, that's why we would do it. I do believe that it's the five physics for the world traits that are tower seven to fall the way it's sell without it's slow and big involved. Do you think the government perfectly misread the American peoples of the league that Iraq has something to do with 9-11? Yes, it's a proud. In America, we are fed propaganda. And if you want to know what's happening in the world, go outside of the US media. It's pretty obvious to anyone that listens that Rosie hates America. The radical Christianity is just as threatening as radical Islam. But she loves the people who are trying to kill us. And Iran is a danger. Iraq and Afghanistan never threatened to kill us. Don't ever disparage anyone who's trying to kill us to Rosie. I use a terrorist. You think that robes them of their humanity. That mean terrorists makes them not human anymore. Yep, Rosie loves the terrorists. But apparently she has absolutely no compassion or sensitivity for Asians. So you know, you can imagine a treetail. Like, she knows we got to jump all the time. She's not a Danny D. B. No, she's not. She's not. We're on the buggy. She's strong. Rosie's finally leaving the view and pretty much every rational American is thrilled about it, especially Donald Trump. Earlier, Donald's discussed it. I mean both inside and out, we take a look at it. She's a slob. She drops like a truck driver. Rosie is a loser. Well, 10 or two. She's kind of like a larger version of a female bill Mar in my book. I, you know, I hate to say that. He doesn't have the same snazzy's got. He doesn't have the big, you're disgusting fat, growtisc. Body that she doesn't growt me out as quickly as she does. No. They have to agree with most of what both of them say and that and that's proof of what I always tell you. Who cares? Who cares? They're still both annoying and disgusting. I'll let nobody can be as disgusting as she is. What up? Oh. You saw that hanging upside down thing that she did there? No. They were showing it on the news, though. Oh, I love to see that. I love to see that. Oh, you don't want to see that. I want to see that. Oh, from a rope. Yeah. Well, what was the point of it? She has, she's depressed. She has depression. So to feel better, she hangs upside down. I have a solution for depression. Yeah. Inversion therapy, I think she was calling it. All right. So she hung upside down to these bungee cords. And if he thought she looked gross right side up. I'm sure she's hung. Oh. Anyway, let's get to it. OK, like I said, we got a lot of important fish to fry. Maybe all the most need of marr. We got the ratings coming to 10 o'clock. That's going to be, I don't know what word to use for it. How about it? Part of that. I don't know. I could be. It could be brutal. We imagine this show at least we got one month. Our February was not spectacular. But relative do what was surrounding us. It was free day. It was OK. It was OK. Not that, they're phenomenal. But just OK. And so maybe that'll, if we have a decent march, you never know what these things, right? Right. One thing I think we do know is don't start the planning on spending any famous money because there isn't going to be any. Even Chris, that big bonus usually gets. Uh-huh. Oh, and the good news for Chris is now already told on this one for one. If I was you, I'd start marking on a calendar. I made it through the entire day yesterday. It was wood bind Wednesday and no sugar, no crap, no refined carbs. I went upstairs to the race track level. I got two slices of pizza. And you think you're always eating pizza, no. I got four. I got a fork. I ate the cheese in a papy room. You off the top and I threw the crust away. Didn't eat very good. Very good. The crust. Very good. And you're doing sugar free. That's what if you dive out. What is it? Sugar free may. Is that what you're doing? Yeah. Sugar free may. Good. I'll do it with it. And I may just get through it. I'm one for one, one day. I mean, one day at a time. Oh, no. That's the good time with those themes we got today. One day at a time. It was a horrible show and probably a horrible thing too. Yeah. Bad show bad thing. Now sometimes his bad shows with good things like Barnaby Jones always gets his man. That's right. Great. We have our figure out his bill Ross did that used to do the voiceovers on channel 7 must be. And what about Dick Fennel? Don't know. From channel 4. Well, what used to be channel 4 wasn't it? See how good confused because we're used to be channel 4 is not channel 6. Well, it used to be channel 6 is now, I don't know, channel 4. Remember when channel 6 had John Hamburg and Kenbro Marshall and all the people who remember those days? I did it back in the day. Now we got Tony Sigerweta. Whatever happened to sloppy Jennifer Velopi. She kind of flew the coupe. Yeah, I didn't notice. I guess what they decided they were going to pick her ass up in a limo every day and take her to the channel 6 studio. Talk about a ego. Talk about a big fat puffed up ego, but nevertheless. So we got Dave Johnson calling him and they're Kentucky Derby, a preview that we've been doing over a year since regret won the Derby in 1915. I think that was Dave's first call. And we'll see. I stay when you got a horse named her way for Holly Wood. How can you not like that horse? They'd be a way for Holly Wood. Huh? I should like that. Sure. Since I live in a way. No, I got a shot. He's got a shot, baby. That's going to be my pick. I think I'm picking it right now. I got my finger deep inside my nostril. Almost scratching my brain a little bit just a tan. Where to raw story. Always after 9, 11 attacks, gotled, rummese felled. Allegedly said my interest is to hit Saddam. Now is now a richer clerk also said the same thing. Yes. Yes. According NBC's chief Pentagon correspondent former defense secretary, Donald rummese felled said that his interest is to hit Saddam Hussein just hours after the attacks on 9, 11. Even the wall indications for the nail cut is the guilty party of Rhode Island newspaper be seen. At the annual Business Expo with Rhode Island Convention Center Tuesday NBC's Jim McLean of the Shafsky advanced day theme, garnering attention since former CIA director George Tenomade's public revelations last week, writes Tom Mooney for the Providence Journal. Some things are right on mark when he says the Bush administration appeared predisposed to attack Iraq, McLean of Shafsky says of Tenomade's book at the center of the storm. The NBC correspondent's information comes from author record notes given to him from an identified person who was in the White House situation room in the hours after the attacks. Another note described, McLean Sharfsky said, then secretary defense rummese fell, following to avenge the terrorist attacks by voicing frustration that attacks against the US Embassy in Beirut in 1983 and the attack on the coal in 2000 had gone on avenged Mooney, right? Reading from his notes, McLean Sharfsky quoted rummese called to saying five hours after the terrorist attacks, my interest is to hit Saddam Hussein at the same time we go after Al Qaeda. We ought not only look at a son of Bin Laden rummese, but allegedly said before holding your conference call of President Bush during the conversation once felt says not to focus solely on Al Qaeda, consider all the range of options and the presence response was. Yes. Siddna Kleschewski, so there's no question that Tenomade got the time wrong with meeting Pearl in the White House, but there's no question in his mind with some of the conversations he had with officials in the Pentagon. That the Bush administration at their site said, I'm attacking Saddam Hussein and Iraq long before there was even an effort to gather any evidence that Saddam Hussein was involved in the attack. All the evidence says quite the opposite, quite contrary, Mary, and Harry, and it's pretty scary, but nevertheless, okay, let's take over that poll results. George was out to the case today, so he said to me, this morning we're going to do that poll on the omnis? Yeah. There's a bit behind the times. In fact, we chopped that one off and mixed three minutes to the, because I didn't like that poll. You thought I was, well, I was okay. Well, I didn't like the omnis. What was the one that he before that had 1600 votes? I don't know, I forget what that was, but I didn't like it at all. And it got a lot of votes. 905 was the final telly. We were trying to cut it off at 900. And so we put today's poll on there early. Our goal today is a thousand votes. We've got 111, I think we can do 15 again, Chris. I think we can't also. Let's give it a shot. Let's go for 1500 during the show. If we do that today, I'm taking off the rest of the year. All right. Anyway, the poll from yesterday, if you had to, if I had to live among the omnis, I don't know how to get ever get through a day without electricity. 346, it varies everything else. And now I'm present with many of the other things on here. Early, some of many way, you couldn't do it without electricity. For example, number two is a computer. 113, I'll let you have batteries, right? Right. Anyway, electricity 346, computer one, 13, cold beer 91. Only drugs for the same thing. Can't have warm beer either. Well, yeah, they can't have warm beer, even like P. Warm beer. They can't have that. I am serious to crank vote. I am honest. So what the FMI doing in the computer answering this poll. Oh, right. No, no chance. 82, like you would believe that. We don't have any omnis people listening to this show. Even if they could, a TV 71, porn 67. A refrigerator 31, a car 26, casual clothes 21, Cussing 17, radio 12, only 12, Solomon, they do say. Cell phone 10, sneakers 6 and iPods 6. I don't know. I mean, you know, I got a nice iPod there, but that really wound my day if I couldn't do it on my iPod. A CD pair of 3 and DVD pair, two fast food, finally got a vote and a microwave all the way through. None. None. Stamped it by a crowd being pushed by police. Three members of the media ended up in the hospital. Many people were left with large wealth. Oh, that's LA. And other than they like to be people up in LA, it doesn't take to live there anyway. On 9,500, so unless you speak for a resound, which is it's got all those symbols and drawings and one of those oriental languages, you have no business being in LA anyway, right? Right. So why do you like folks get out of there? Okay, let's take a look at, oh, and before we do the fool for today, why got a lot of fish to fry today, man. We got a lot on our plates. Speaking of that, do you have any food in there today or what? Yeah, how is it? My bacon already? I had my bacon. No crap today again. And Chris, you know, doubting time, says, oh, you have big duty made one day, one day, oh, one day at a time. There you go again. That's the way you love people. As you know, fat people, everybody else to be fat. They want to defail. Chris is sitting there hoping that I get like my left leg chopped off, you know, gang green. Not that one to be good. Former radio talk show host, Don I miss has heard one of the country's top trial orders to sue CBS radio following his dismissal last month for making a racial and sexual honor comments about members of the Rutgers University Women's Basketball team, which is where Georgia's supposed to drop in. Murphy, that man it is. There it is. Attorney Martin Garber's told CNN yesterday that he's agreed to represent Amis and a wrongful breach of contract suit against his former employer. Garber's would not disclose when he was retained by Amis, but said he plans to file an action against CBS in their future, calls made to Amis by CNN were not returned. He's probably kind of surly these days when you think he's snatched an ad gum extra hard. CBS spokesman to climb a comment. I'm a said $40 million left on a multiyear contract to begin in 2006 and food reclaws that CBS wanted him to be irreverent and controversial according to CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Tubman who was shown part of the contract. CBS radio acknowledges that are the, I'm a service just to be rendered here under a unique extraordinary irreverent intellectual topical kind of official and personal character and the programs of the same general type of nature containing these components are desired by company and consistent with company rules and policies. You're reverent, controversial, and you're adiatic. Tubman said the legal issues in the Amis case are simple that Amis breaches contract by saying what he did about the Rutgers basketball team by calling them. Napier to go. CBS dismissed Amis April, Trophy days after we called the Rutgers players. Napier to the hose on his radio shows. Amis in the moment. Well, stands out in the contract as he is supposed to be controversial under Reverend. That's what his statement about the Rutgers basketball team was Tubman said. How is CBS going to argue that what he said was so controversial and so offensive that it wasn't what they asked for in the contract? We wanted you to be a little controversial, a little bit offensive and a little bit irreverent, but not the Napier to the hose done, not the Napier to the hose. How about a happy hit to hose? So I occasionally have one of those. Happy hit to hose. It all depends on where it's been. I guess. 1013 at 560WQ and looks like it's scheduled. We have mad dog from 2 to 5. No hump or did he's in Louisville of course. He's forcing it up. 2 to 5 hits to mad dog. All by himself. And then 5 to 7 we got some really bad news. After the offense of war back, it'll be. That. Very new tell of the dolphin war back when from 7 to 10. Who's very new tell? Chris. He is a guy that works for the dolphins like on their. I think the dolphins might be dolphins website and stuff like that. And on game that we let it came from biggest 10 to clock tonight. Well what game is that game what is that mean game night? Are the heat play the end and I just for kicks now that they're eliminated. Are the panthers playing? Yeah. Yeah. Who's playing tonight? Oh the marlins are already even playing tonight. But it's game that we let it came from biggest 10 to 1. That's good. Here is Aleph Baldwin live on this edition of Larry King Live. Thanks for having me. That's so many bases to go. A couple of things that are in the news. What do you make it at that rant? I mean in a single day. You've just flush yourself right there the 12. Yeah. Let's watch this. Watch your career. And watch it. I'm going to play. And I'm going to come out there for the day. And I'm going to straight me your. Ow. What kind of father are you? Pretty vulgar. Yeah. The laws of property and decency don't count. Take a call from Chicago. Hello. Hi Alec. Hello. How are you? Well, that's so good. My 13 year old is acting up. If I give you her cell phone number, will you set her straight? Yeah. What biome is I'd love to? Better yet. Maybe you could be waiting outside her school and really let her have it right in front of all or friends. I love that. Anything goes. Las Vegas. Hello. How much is the true the scientists are calling Baldwin brothers? Yeah. How many do they have? 13. Incredible. The ball ones are everywhere. Right. Odessa Texas. Hello. Hi. Hi. Alec. What kind of women do you like to take? Uh, loose. Very loose. Well, I can put my 60 high my years. And I've got the laws of the valley. Yeah. I want to do her. Wow. Okay. It's a 10, 20, 20 past 10 at 5, 60 WQA. Let's say go to the last four. What do you say? We haven't even got to it yet. What are you waiting for? I don't know. My mom's game. We have one yesterday though. And I went off early to work by and I was lose my ass and I made a big comeback and one a few bucks. And I do mean a few. I'm not a lie. All right. And that nice guy is see. Right. When you're losing your ass and you make a comeback. And you do like leave almost even or actually wound up my head. Which I can't believe that I did. I just I ran out of there. I've never seen this faddle queen waddle as fast as I did to that camp. I flew out of that joint. Woo. Let me out of here now. I got my money back and a little bit of there is little tiny slice. 250 bucks I want. And that's enough for camp fair to and fro and leaves another 150 left over. I would say. Mm-hmm. That great. But something. Well, it's enough to make me think about putting you in my will. Aw. Not. Okay. Let's take. Let's take a look at the poll result for today. Our goal is 1500. Oh, I don't know why you did that Chris. We're never going to make no 1500. Are we? Well, yeah, we should have 1200 by 11. Oh, yeah, we can do it. We definitely will. Yeah, and and a quick being so negative. That's the first positive thing you said. Now, when you were out sick yesterday, I mean, he was the most negative 12 I've ever heard in my life. Oh, man. Man. And we do so. You can't do it. You can't go a month with no sugar. He wants me to fail. Yeah, that's it. It was also given that crap about a fool in his money. I was money. I soon parted and you're going to lose all that money. It would buy, which I thought I was going to do. I thought it was going to be a disaster. And here you thought your mom had died. Yeah, no, I got Chris. I mean, she was chubby, but she wouldn't know Chris. Mom. Mom was better looking to. Oh, well. So is what my mom was with the backyard. 152 votes on the poll. What's your favorite theme song from the 70s TV? He has a sitcom. Theme song. Not theme song. What is it? I hated this show. And the song by the way. I could live without two. That's waiting. Man. Now do I have to play like a little flip 153 for man? You don't have to, but it's nice to be did. Kills some time. Although then after five were there on the disc. 153 for man. How did it? 44. Oh, I know. I know. Oh, my. So on. I hate the head. I hate the head. Guys, like us. We are the. So. So. I hate the head. And you know where you are. That's the part we need to get to. Okay. Running third at the moment. Favorite theme song from the 70s is this TV sitcom. Sit down, Zalny. Welcome back, Connor. One, two, bad theme. Bad shows. Bad characters. And was this the one that John B. Volta was in? Yes. Welcome back. Oh. Good day. Move it. You take it. And first welcome back. Running fourth with 97 votes. Terrible. Here's version of this. What? We had version of this. I don't know. It's one of the. It's on this disc. WKRP. And of course they put the rap in radio. WKRP. And since 1997, both Sanford and some 96. Do you think that's on here on this? They're all on here. That's the bad part. That's not the bad part. I got what you don't. I got everything. You do? I got civilized. Not everything. Not to worry, man. I want to. Sanford and some 96. What? I'm the new KRP Z. Did Red Fox dire? I just read that. He's not dead. I think he died. Red Fox died? Oh, look it up. If you want to. How about? Right on there. I asked right behind. What have they got? Jefferson's is a got 91. Sanford in so 96. Great show. Great thing. Ready one by way. Not a fair Tom chicken. It didn't like it. Not your idiot. It takes us into food. What's going on? What are you doing? I agree with everything. But you're for a great theme. Great show. Everything's good. What's not to like about that? Except Tom jik of thought it was the red. There was two races. They all right. Oh, please. Yeah. Cracker please. Good. Neppiettos. Yeah, there you go. He just come back from a day out sick and I was trying to get us all fired here. Put the crap. Okay. Right behind whatever that was. Good. 10. 55. Great theme. He's a good team. He's a good team. That theme. That's true. And I love this part here. This is the best. What is that? What is that? No. No. 65 votes for a good times and right behind it. 54 votes. 54 votes. 54 votes. 54 votes. 54 votes. 54 votes. 54 votes. 54 votes. 1. 1. 900 votes. Is that interpreter? Is that interpreter? Are you feeling crazy? You are. Small but Different,plainer it is, A single crazy. Better with that. Nobody cares about us a lot talking over what does that mean, but that's a real big relationship with us. Happy day, 54, burning will are 50. I've got them all taxi 45. Mary tell them more show 32. Hey, did it. You hate everything. I'm couple 31, the love vote 23. The Brady bunch 22. The Parfridge family 21 for the guy with the eyes. Three's company 19. Cisco. Well, Cisco. Chico and a man 19. He's dead. He's still dead. Pretty friends, but the sun lives on and orders. What can I look at him? Look at that. Why? Why do they mean look at that? He looks like one of those characters from the wax museum from Madam Two Self. So zombie movie. It's a new one. Yeah, that's a zombie zombie. Now he's the same age as I am. I know. Like a teenager can pair that old goat. I'll say it. I haven't even seen you lately. Well, you're lucky. Mod 17, Levernan, squirrely 16. I didn't have to play a little bit of that. I'm going to over here on it. I mean, I was saying before the show to George this one. I mean, one of the people in like Peoria, Illinois, thinking when they turn on the TV show and the theme they're going to slimmy. I'll slimmy as a little thinking, what about to New York Jews put this together? You know, there's one thing I can't stand is people at use the English words and nobody understands. I'll let Norris kite. Different strokes 13 soap 12. One day that's time 11. The Bob New Art show 11. Alice 9. Don't have malice. Just don't watch Alice. That was a bad show. Room 2227. Roto 1 and Benson had won. Oh, that's right. Where she's got two chances to get the nomination none and much, much, much, much more towards March. My close enough. Those two. 1032 at 560 WDQAM. Stored student faces expulsion after making a thread over a bad grade. I see. Yeah, I got to see. See my ass. Don't have that good eyesight for that. Well, this kid got pissed off. A Stuart high school student who was failing math threatened his teacher with a virginity textile massacre authorities. B. Say. The 18 year old student made the thread April 25 after the teacher told him he was failing the class according to a Martin County Sheriff's office report. If that happens, I'm going to shoot. It's going to be another virginity text incident. The student's expulsion is pending a psychological evaluation and a meeting with Martin County School District officials. He's listed his a suspect, but hasn't been arrested. Currently stored news for that reason. The AP isn't naming the student. Well, he's 18. He's old enough out of what his name in there and a picture too. See if he's cute. Anytime any student makes any kind of threat threatening violence, we take that very seriously. School spokeswoman Kathy Brennan said. We take it very serious. There was somebody said I'm going to shoot up the school. You know, I should have had a B in your game. You see. See my ass. Is there a common at or what? All of it at John by as banned from concert for the troops. Look at that. I got the disease. I wonder what? How many stuff come in his family? You're people. Probably your people put bad word in on poor journey. Don't know about it. And the army said, oh, she was added to the roster to let your out Joan come and east. Who wanted to sing in water read well. That's him. 1185 and a poll. We're going to do the 15 today. You know, that Chris, I think we're going to like her kick serious ass ancient style. Definitely. Yeah. Good. I can tell how excited you are. You're just a and you're also something when it gets to be the first of June, which is on our Friday and when I have completed the entire month of May, at least after May 1, May 1 was my goodbyed ice concedor. I had a point of banana nut. I'm Tuesday, May 1. I heard my words. I didn't do it. I am a banana nut. And more ways than one. But at any rate, that was my fair well to sugar for a month. As you caught audio audio. I still have east to us to the way. In fact, wistful vistas, there were firmer, McGee and Molly live on wistful vista. I've had chicken and then I remember that. Him and me, all the old old guys like us. Rick Shaw is the retiring. I should probably dig that thing out of there. We did it again, but I'll do it tomorrow. All right. He's got another week to go. And then Bruce Clark is nothing and Bruce Kennedy, Bruce, I don't know what the guy's name is. Somebody in the neighborhood of his coming in. He's like oldies and maybe not the same oldies. And the article I had the other day was that I had several pieces. And the bottom line was that they're going to be 70s and 80s. You know, we have enough stations playing 70s and 80s already. Now, who was it who said was it McGeele? Who said it or you, Chris, about well, big plays 70s and 80s rock as opposed to magic with play 70s and 80s pop. That would have been McGeele as in pop goes the weasel or something like that. Oh, I haven't heard that in a long time. Let's give that on there right away. Pop goes the weasel. No, not you. You know, you have pop goes the weasel. I don't think that. But I could find it. I mean, it's a colleague goes that we out of one hour. That's a need. That's for little children. That's right. Two Democratic members of Congress during represented Dennis Cassinux in co-spotswing articles of impeachment against Vice President Dick Cheney. One accused Cheney of an arrogant abuse of power that needs to stop represented wooden lacy clay of Missouri during Cassinux in Spotswing and Resolution Initiative in impeachment proceedings. At the urging of my constituents at Missouri's first congressional district and from Americans across the country, I co-sponsored Congressman Cousinux is resolution regarding the impeachment of the Vice President because I believe that Mr. Cheney deliberately manipulated the intelligence process to deceive the Congress of the US and the work in people representative said, Mr. Stamon sent to raw story. Does get much raw than that? Here are the raw of the crowd. He added that to Sidon's resulted in a tragic unnecessary war that has already cost lives over 33 hundred brave Americans and cost the taxpayers over $400 billion. The arrogant abuse of power and the complete disregard for the truth needs to stop. Representative Jan Jackowski of Illinois also spotted the Cassinux Resolution spokesman for the Congress member said she had to decide to release his statement on why she supported the measure. While Cassinux is articles of impeachment that finally picked up co-sponsues, they still face another major procedural hurdle. A spokesperson for the House Judiciary Committee told Atlantic Progressive News that the impeachment movement has yet to be put on the committee's plate. Put it on the plate, okay? Get a knife and a fork and stick it. It's not at this time on a committee's immediate agenda. Melanie Russell is the first person to represent at John Congress of Michigan. Be saying it. What's this thing you just asked Chuck and West Palm Beach says, please urge your listeners to watch a CBC documentary. We're going to see that. The food estate, the lies, the lead, the word, something we'd never see on American TV and it says it's un-believeable. It's a truck. Oh, the web it's got the web thing here. CBC.ca slash Lies. We had to put that link on our thing. We went to put the link on our website. Sure. The fifth estate, the lies, the war. I have to watch that. On the CBC, I wonder when the hell I was on. Maybe I could watch it like on TV. It is opposed to watching it. I don't know about you. I'm not that crazy about watching programs. I'm a computer on the my I got a nice model rare, but it's just not the same. Am I the only one who feels that way or am I just being so you're right. I'll do it from time to time. But usually I'll just burn a DVD out of it. I mean, like I don't know. You guys didn't have porn. Oh, that I haven't hooked up to their big screen TV. It would much rather watch it in a big screen. You know, watching on some stupid computer, little monitor, you know. I mean, look at the monitor. You're not really sure what parts you're getting all whipped up of. I don't know what he said. I don't know. Just sounded interesting at the time. How we doing on that pool? See, just the fact we started with over a developer. I think we started with over 1100 and now we got 1198. That's kind of great. We're going to be way over 1200 by the top of the our board. The pool, the pool lockers and the pool counters and the vote tabulators, they're going to be really, and then they're going to say, well, you started this thing yesterday. You jack, yeah, well, that's one of the reasons we done it. Oh, brilliant. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, god, now what was your name, Penny? What? Penny's from heaven? Marshall? Penny Marshall, oh my god. I just can't understand how any living people can out of those rooms. You agree? Yeah, yeah. It's all over the place. It's right here. Here it is. He can go ahead of a water man. She said, now right, Esther, will she be dead? I do believe. I don't know. And her brother, Jelly Roll, I think he ain't doing doing well. I do like ice cream roll. Not that I'm going to eat any you understand. See, I can talk about it all. I want her in a month of May. This Saturday by the way, I'll say else, think of tomorrow. I'm sure that all your Mexican friends are going to be like out in the streets dancing and roaming. Oh, yeah, all of the prancing and all my Mexican friends. Oh, a damn good thing to mention, you don't know where to find your ass. It's fucking in and hold it. Oh, a lot in your ass. I can get a little piece of the way. Oh, that's high in my own. What are you doing here, Donald? When I might do it again, I feel I know that in dressed up like honey, even dressed for you. You're awesome. Me and I do this. And I think I'll put a nice Hawaiian punch. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I'm going to tell you, anybody who was bad, tased enough they didn't like the thing from good times, probably didn't like Hawaii 5. Oh, either, I'm not talking to you. I mean, the show, I like to see a lot. Oh, I'm not talking about the theme carefully. But the other side did come and it would seem what's out of sight. And we did leave what out here on our pollo, you better write it on because your closed personal friend Brandon pointed up, even in it picker that he tends to be. Sorry Brandon. And you know what it was? Careful sure. Off, bags of light. See it? The bags of light. The bags of light. Oh, the bags of bags of light. A bit of put that on the pool. Yeah. How could a li in 5 oh not be on this disc? This is got all the good ones on here. I don't see it. Action adventure when that be at or prime time drive a drama. Huh? Nothing like a drama. If you moved to Alabama. I don't see it. I mean I can't remember. There we go. There really were looking around the pond. I said it. Oh, in your case. And here this one. Yeah, it's name. No more. Gelby version. What's happening with it? Nice to see. I'm gonna start with the door. I'm gonna see me be seeing. That one bit useful. I cleaned that up in Window. That's make believe. That's aerosat man. Yes, that's enough to make me plot its orders on setting the real thing Nobody QA in hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. Martinina calling get out of here The bird. I have heard from you at least 100 years. You must be old by now in ugly Birthday call. Thank you for your good wishes Which are the call you in and around the birthday? It's whose birthday mine yours? And why I would ask you the number of the birthday, but I give you a press and away Let me just play the thing How long are you today also Come on 20 now. Well, that's not too bad. It's under Good friend yours part. Who's day I share table model Who's did what? Day today's what what did you say is a friend yours? Who are parts a lot? Former broadcast partner yours. Yeah, many many we would go. We did you have baseball together one season But he just kept farting so much. I couldn't tell a swimming. I couldn't handle it. No Oh, he speaks to you highly still anyway. Does he really? Yeah, of course you're the king come on. Please get out of here We speak to me highly or such a butt liquor man I'm not going to tell if I didn't know that before you know to get in real close. I'll tell you that more Listen to you. I have a suggestion for the little Paul. I don't know if you have it on there Go out the beam from swat total can't be show, but but the pretty cool song Swat was a sitcom now us oh with only sitcoms Oh Man at a roll or rock your brain. I think he got to you finally the most far it's really good They said how about the greatest American heroes in my house Wait, I'm having a wrong disc. Where were the greatest American hero? Yeah, that Name he was kind of hard There you go. There you go happy birthday, Mark. Good luck. What happy waiting for tonight He will give a path and send it so that he can't run away We wait back I wonder I should have asked a Mark to do whatever happened to another friend of ours Another one those TV a fan to people. He was a photographer for channel 6 my core bat Who was gay? And I didn't say that wonder whatever happened to her to him Not a good looking young man from back in the day, but now I see that all these people are old and even Mark today It was 29 and I'm a chillist slow as pretty good Not that that makes any difference you understand Whatever it doesn't make a bit of difference 1229 votes and oh we did put great American. I thought it was already on there Raise your American hero never made it to the list, but we finally ended bet on Facts your life got a vote. Oh, that was such a man's show and such a man theme and just such a bad the whole thing was so bad Who was in the fags of life? are at least a well-tool and Lisa what? Well-tool. That was the blonde. Well-tool well-tool Yeah, I think I'm done and I thought you know, thanks a lot and I know where these are Well, there's Beverly Hills 2000 and 85 Now's that so is that in syndication now Beverly Hills 20 oh and there's that pewped Perry man Man I just don't understand it the only reminds me of who's the guy to play the Luke? I'm looking lower on general hospital. Was that guys name that was asking me? They got with the perm Luke Yeah, the name was before was he grow test and he was also Yeah, but nevertheless don't confuse the housewives about them. They get all emotional and you want him to lie like you always say He was on television. That's it. He was on TV all it takes. He must be a smoldering guy 12.99. We're gonna make that 1500 day and they're gonna be writing about it newspaper's all around the world. You'll see WQAM hello Hey Neil screw the Monus my birthday to Dave Lamont Welcome guys. It's called he said it was his birthday in Dave Lamont's birthday and I don't know who the hell Dave Lamont is But I know I'm George's you Chris McMinister and it's my birthday George is you, Chris McMinister. I don't know what I mean. He brought me to the union with the sky is Yeah, I brought me some wait Hey, you said you're not union. You don't have an old lady But you said you're old lady makes a hell of a vanilla with the normal way for pudding. Yes, I'll be bringing some of the smaller Wait wait for us. Yeah, I think it's a little in there, you know make a mix and Maybe I'll come down and get a little gift from you. Let's all look it's got come down Give from me. What is this a drug deal we're doing here? I know idea I need to know cuz I didn't bring it a little gift from you Anyway, no Like this the fine, huh? I mean it's small sea, but it's far and I'll tell you what I'll fit strong You know wasn't a sick of the Let's go. Oh, yes So who was I got a just called your a wazzy your confessor your drunk pedal this guy brought some stuff to the station one day In fact of communion wafer is including the little tin that they that they hold them in very nice things and we we had wafer We had communion wafer's we put jelly on them Strictly for a guy. I'm it sounds like to me. Not on that day anybody could have had some didn't you? I don't want it. Did not kneel down and open your mouth. I don't want it You don't need an ear to fat for me. How much did it was a song if there was I Don't remember what they don't I don't want it. You can have it. It's from that for me. No, she's too fat for me She's too fat for me. I don't want her. You can have it. She's too fat for me. That's right And toss us to I and Please don't play toss us to I might just have to play just a couple notes of that Is that what we say? You can tell me your glasses Let's see go and say turfus You can almost the spittles all over the screen. I'm just incredible It's like here in the spokesman talk how about I don't want last night baby All right the devil's going down All these phony new jersey devil's friend that one thing. Look at that one two three four We did it again Chris look at that. Are you got one two three four? With it with that Lynn very one two three one two three four. I'll write 1234 vote We're gonna do 15 you know something We might now let's let's just Don't get carried away in our old man. Don't get carried away I was gonna say we might actually go for 16, but that would be wouldn't it be unrealistic? Yes But if we can do over 1500 on a Thursday on the third of May LL the do-CD Mio Wow We're not being quite quite a feather in our camp in that amount of means our numbers are going through the roof And we'll get a big bonus in the yeah See if you do not mushrooms, which I haven't started yet all the way do like mushrooms Now so what do you think of my idea? I think maybe what I ought to do is go out and get me a whole pepperoni and the extra cheese pizza and just get a fork and eat the topping. How does that sound? All right Would it be something wrong with that not it all there? Larry can't you still do that once upon a time remember big fat Larry can't he did that and he's dead now? It's been dead a long time. I don't think it helped I mean it's good as first for a far or for any of the cars, but all of that you know, are to be clogging fat And all the you in fact you can see on a really well-made pizza you can see the The oil Ripping you know I'm talking about oh yeah the dripping like a gazolees where they need no oil change Are they still in business cuz only is you they disappear? I don't know Well, you must not get around very much. What are not really no I'm the ones that we ought to touch how about you Chris? Europe pig you voted about gazolees. He's still around. I really have no idea Wow, aren't they usually like um they're in the malls and stuff here. I'm shopping malls. Oh, I can date land stuff like that The search for gazolees continues and that sounds like a real-lo-planet. I mean I've the only problem is I guess other than woodbind finding any edible pizza in this town Wow, who not good? Nice good as they say in outer Mongolia. Nice good So we're gonna do the 15 hundred day. We got mad dog at two and then we got gildy gonna be on what you I don't think he's gonna be round two That's me it's getting a bow Five six oh I've got this fourth thing here. Well, that's all we're allowed to talk about sure I just got done chasing a hot sports League. Oh, please man feel the time sure well fight-toe is long-go Look I got his jacks to rap wow now at least we have something to talk about I'm gonna size it a thing dude. That's a quite a dingo very harvest you got here Hi Clarence. What are you? I just want to touch it the jacks cap Oh One You think we'll ever break a one It smells good too Yep, and if you look closely, there's a slight yellowing around the side Oh, see this dude like somebody had one nutty buddy too many Great so girls to bad a song of tag Yeah, what you ain't kind it's 11.02 or five 60. Don't be sure the numbers will be out tomorrow Ten o'clock so they tell us the winter book the winter book all brother. I've only one thing to say about that And that's enough said right there right in fact one the numbers come in maybe we all will play is a drag that thing be a mystery We're all sick pretend that the machine broke down and we didn't get the numbers. Yeah, that's a good play That probably is a really good plan the way things are gonna be going. I think I could be wrong about that Maybe we'll just shock the world shocked the daylight side everybody. What do you think? No, not But we'll see 255 some votes on this pool and goes to show you if you start the pool a week ahead of time you get a lot of votes 253 what's your favorite theme song from a 70's TV sitcom Boy the way I'm They say glamour girl girls okay mash 157 all in a family one 40. I think we got a battle going on there. Don't you so it'll probably play a little bit of mash just for equal time Manus ding is okay. It's Nothing's I mean pressing it's more than depressing Whatever happened to Loretta sweat She's her she went upon all those games show she was a game show panelists from all over the What a very large Patriarch Nash 157 all in a family 148 welcome back caught a 14. I'm not planning. He's no more well. I mean Ellen is first but Takes too much time we got too many fish to Friday day baby. We got too many lives to save too many planets to save too much You know Too much time to kill welcome back caught a 114 Sanford and some 107 WCW Crap and since an 805 the Jack how can the Jefferson's be down there and like one two three four has six place 99 Don't you take personal a front to that no, it's all right What's all right Well, I mean not only the matches Anyway, now you're done for the Jefferson's ought to be much hired and that that's just my opinion I'm not trying to make the waters suck these people suck Who did the people that are voting for welcome back? Yeah, and W. Craffinson's and Eddie or her and mesh? Let's throw it in all those We're not asking in what which one of these shows did you like best cuz match a quarter We're gonna go forward and have no idea why and who else was on that show? Which your Dawson was on or was he in Hogan's heroes? Who was in mesh? Ellen Alda or Richard Dawson wasn't Hogan's heroes? Ellen Alda some people I can't name the right to sweat like you just like very poor golf with his withered hand very burg off Jamie Farn is giant nose take that burg off, Gary Good time 70's to know rather pretty well. So right on the Jefferson's and Zaris Happy days 57 but is a long list here good it takes a lot of time to read all these Barney Miller 54 taxi 47 the Murray town or more show 35 bad show highly overrated What's his name dick band deck was in there and a lot of other dice? What's this stuff you're sending me in here? Oh cuz all these is still around Greatest American hero began 81 wasn't a comedy but I can't be drama if These count dukes of hazard or night rider Would you call dukes of hazard a sitcom? I'll send there was nothing funny about it to me. Well sure is over the drama John Schneider man. I'm gonna tell you he looked good enough and I just have like for breakfast Luncheon dinner John Schneider and Duke's hands and before became old and grizzled and became the daddy in smallville John Schneider same guy a lot of people would say John and that was when John Schneider was blonde in Duke's a hands-in and night rider night rider was uh oh what was night rider? That was David Hasselhoff even hassles hogs in the gay car oh night rider was the one where they had talking car Yes the gay car that was a sitcom that was a sitcom no And what about dukes of hazard we have that theme probably have it on here somewhere I got it You do got it sure Not nearly as much fun as if I killed a minute or two here trying to find out out of the words You know the words to deduce to hands and I don't hear it It all spent some time in rednecky places Just to get old boy Well he sure was pretty man up there that hit they've been as pretty as he was I still would not show that's how rednecky Way enough and John's a wail and jetting say it by the way He was on my two putters and I'm saying he was a little too pretty to be on the same set Okay, that's enough that's a really great thing. I'll say you can put it on there if you want I don't hear Whatever Duke's a hazard that was a sitcom I don't know It was a comedy show but there's a difference between a sitcom I even put it on a redneck sitcom and if we're gonna put that on there What about Beverly Hillbillies and the one with the epig if it were was on green a naces Beverly Hillbillies was great so we're gonna put those on her green a crusher Wasn't that any Albert Y'all come back now here pick that nose pick that man Joe pick whatever you got pick that recto To Is all of the place but we're sending the facts me locations there Not anywhere during the Howard Mall Anybody still go to the bar at mall anymore in the plantation They're in the coral ridge mall They're in the grove they're in high allia They're in Ford Myers. They're in Hollywood and the Sheridan Plaza. Wow. They're all for Miami And my mianternational at well of course they're at the airport. Well, that's cuz I don't go to the airport normal I mean or natural used to go there all the time and you know something all these people Let's say they hate that airport. I have like you just fine. I don't have no problem with that airport For a lot of day a load that terminal four it is you know what is what word describes that place terminal Two crowded two uh, it'll conceive two ill Designed two uh, it's just not not not good Beside there's a cause always brickle marketplace data and mall like I said myself the model 163rd street Why do there any white people ago? There anymore? I mean I don't want to make it into a racial thing but that neighborhood is sure change hasn't it? Sun set 157 but at 150 seven what that's way out west isn't it way out west? Way up north. Same take a north for Alaska again when Johnny Horton would you find the other day got it like that song North to I don't know what it is you think it was the time of my life see a lot of problems Like I saw and that is not that good but it's because the time of your life what it was out With either good things There we go. I love this They're good and wrong that it all that I would agree Great to late the great day Johnny Horton he's still there Not coming back to the house United States where four times more hospitals got a cause always the intro coast along I'm a beach and the palm each mall west palm I don't see any in broad accept the plantation Broward mall on four-larid ill coral ridge mall And in Hollywood shirt There's plenty of cause always around and it looks when you look at the pile looks like it needs an oil change It's got that kind of like orange oil dripping all and that's good at the greasy part mmm When the oil just drips all over your shirt and you feel like fat rich, you know you got like a mong all over you Remember that one appearance we did that time and he was there a way before me eating hopping up the free food And I came in just in time. I wanted to take a leak and he was in the men's room in this restaurant And he was washing off his shirt because he always wore lunch and whatever other meals he had on his shirt But the book of bread wears it on his face But at any rate So he washed off it looked like he had taken a bath in the sink in other words he washed so much of the shirt I'm gonna say if you're washing a spot off it'll dry fairly fast and maybe you know if it does a good job But he washed it like like he soaked the whole shirt it looked like So it looked like he had Taking a bath in the sink and what a guy that big can take a bath in the sink wow That is quite an accomplishment. Okay. Let's see. He's still dead by the 1276 votes on the pool I think I'm doing an 80 year extension see Rick Shaw he was an inspiration I mean he made a 50 years on here in this town I'm only 31 it means I got 19 years to go. I don't need me 83. I Still be kicking ours. 30 Q a m hello Hey Neil yes, sir. You and you and I agree on a lot of different things, but I'm gonna try to get the show Dallas and 18 both of those beings to blow everybody off the water. Well, maybe he'll drive maybe not a while I was just something was either one of those a sitcom All we don't sitcom Maybe by two they'll figure out what we're doing hey I like it when they can't figure it out okay it's more fun that way it's like they're a little confused always keep them off balance Now what was the one he said? I mean it's not a sitcom, but Dallas I want to say it's on this one this so I might as well play like four seconds of it Here's a fact hey the people start to get hot All right I'm down now Nicky right there Like Call wuffer would see a little bit of a cow So whatever happened with Paul wuffer would team it his impassion appeal The keep his job at the world bank and I said but I beat but it would put up and you were phony and a liar and a game player Whatever happened what was the upshot of that is he still a co-trona look at that the comb yes He's still looking that they have a son there look at that Seriously if he doesn't look like a dead man in a chair now I've been calling him that for years now There doesn't he look like it'll have petrified forest man. He looks like He looks like it or say walking corpse. He's walking corpse the eye man. Well, I'm in Yes, I'm in that the Charles the news guy and he always bought he's got a good voice. I'm sure he's a fine newsman Just a suck up. Oh brother. Well, I'm in that was his job. You know that kisses ass And of course it's easy to kiss a dead man's ass because he can't run too fast 1283 will be over 13 hundred really soon. I think we got to 15 hundred left and you know something Chris if you had a big pair you go for 16 15 15 15 That's I'm not Yeah Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Get the songkicks be mine, the saved soul the baby's small They're moving your carry I've got my rising I want to die There WILL In the heat on the day Where are we? I wanna die! If my life is low, if you will live right at 4 o'clock, free the food of town. How would it sound to have something really boring? I wanna go home with a living to bed. I wanna die! Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! That's what it's all about. There are places for a living and there are places for a dying and a flow of dust for the latter. Get the latter, Junior. So guess what I found over here, since you sent some of these out in the mail yesterday, George got out of the sick bed and is hung over a drunken bed. There's a mail out that package to a close personal friend of ours. Sure. And included. The LK Chain. Now, whatever. And I also included the Meddok K Chain, I hope too, right? Yes I did. Yes I did. I did. Thank you, George. You're welcome. Yeah, so we can't know there's one on here that we can't play on the airway. That's right. So I know that. I know that. I checked it. I checked it. You're on the way. Just to make sure we don't have to keep dumping the stuff. Yeah, that would be funny. Right. And then last and least. And then the one I for that is. Yeah. I stuck that baby down there between my legs. Between my knees and my vibrating. Yeah, that's my vibrating. Right. Holy, whew. Vibrating mode. In fact, where is that thing vibrating mode? We still have that? Sure. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. MHD vibrating. MHD. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah. He just makes this crap up as you go along. That's besides a point. MHD. Oh, HD. HD dash vibrating. There's more going for that. I don't care what I'm trying to. I'm sure you will. I'm sure you will. HD vibrating. Okay. One moment please. If I have this because I know I don't have it. Oh, trust me. That's why I don't. All right. I got this. We'll change it and rate me. I got that. And there we go. It is. That's more. The mole. I hear it. The mole I miss him. Not. So the typesmoker thinks that this sort of humor is fine. I'm sure you'll read it. I'll read it. Oh, brother. You see our ratings for the last book. 1298. I'm going to click it again. And I bet you. Old fat Chris. There's going to like and jump out of. No, he's not. Jump out of your seat. That will be something. You jumped out of the seat. That building would collapse. Still 1298. But we're on a verge of 13. I read that. That's the point. We got the 1500. Looked easy. And I know as time goes on here today. We'll see just exactly where we are. I want to go with you. What do you say? In other words, we will see what kind of a goal. Said life is all about sitting goals and making them. You know what I'm saying? Like if you see somebody looks really good in your mind. You said a goal and say, I want that. If I'm in in the course, it's about going out and getting it. You know, we should not grab in it. But squeezing it. Fondling it. Go. Like that. Mm-hmm. Like that. Doug Thompson, capital to whole blue. He's done a piece today. Everybody ought to get a piece today. He says probably a lot of hangovers that depending on this morning. Just like the one George had yesterday morning. Mm-hmm. But a lot of high-wrecking brass went out and got blasted after listening to the president and bushes speech about his veto on the rack funding bill. Or they reach for the anti-depressants after watching Bush claim that all he wants to do is listen to the military and express what it comes to his favorite rack war. All I really want to do is not to share so I didn't share do that. I actually liked that song. And I'm not to big on her. Oh, what do you? All I really want to do is that something in share. Sing a little more. All I really want to do is make love to you and to go to the zoo and put on a movie with evidence. Oh, man. I like that. Now is it share or something in share? Code. The motive. Both of them together. I've come online to one's dead and the anti-depressants. Listen to that for some more. No, no, no, no, no. Yeah. Yeah, this is a song. No, no, no. Okay, okay. Okay, okay. Okay, beginning. Start judging. Do you listen to my good? Uh, no, that's let me take that. Whoop. What was wrong with that? Anyway, he Said is no kidding. That's what the man said. Bush claims that he wants all the ones who is listening to military experts when it comes to his Federal Rack war. Probably to go to their Thompson says I asked the Congress to vote and this is what he's quoting. Bush, probably to ask the Congress to pass an emergency worst-fitting bill that will provide our brave young man and women in uniform with the funds and flexibility they need. Instead, members of the House of the Senate passed a bill that substitutes the opinions of politicians for the judgment of our military commanders, so a few minutes ago I vetoed the bill he said. Yep, Bush now claims that he ranked the buckle as the military's war, he had nothing to do with it. Unlikeing the right of the commanders to determine the war policy of this nation, damn the politicians full speed ahead. Apparently, Bush no longer considers himself a ready-vis political appointee to be politicians of a just suffering for one of his many memory lapses. He forgets that politicians got us into this mess in the first place. Vice President Cheney's a politician, so a former defense secretary of Rumsfeld, both our career politicians have ignored the advice military commanders and set American men and women to die and ill-conceived war based on lies. The military experts urged caution by the politicians of the White House ignore the advice and launched the war that is not cost America more than 3500 lives, $500 billion and four years of wasted effort. Now, Bush says we must stop listing the politicians, let the commanders run the war? Back in 2003, the commanders urged Bush to stick to the battle plan in Afghanistan, capture Osalab and London and forget about Iraq. If he had listened to the military commanders back then, we probably wouldn't be mired in the Iraq civil war that we started that we can't win and that his destiny would go down in history as America's most monumental foreign policy blunder ever. Back then, Bush had the politicians in his hip pocket live the country in a rowzing course of over there while sending others to death in his war. Now that voters turned out his rubber stamp Congress and elected new leadership that America wants out of Iraq Bush decides its time to stop listing the politicians, at least any politicians who disagrees with him. And in doing so, we setting up Iraq military commander General David Patreis to be his fall guy when we leave Iraq into feet sometime in the future. If a loyal soldier Patreis takes orders from his commander and chief, that's the problem. The commander and chief is also the president of the United States. Last time we checked the president is also a politician. For us, George W. Bush told the truth, he said politicians are the problem case closed. Right, sir, buddy, Doug Thompson. And if it loses, he's still alive, okay? Their hunting is asked down and one of these days I hope they'll not find him, but nevertheless, they probably will. And then you won't see him no more. Doug Thompson. They've tried to shut his eyes down, you're aware of that. That's not just making that out. No, I remember the story you're reading and he was out of view out of sight there for one. Yeah, he was hiding and fearing for his life because the gun stop was coming to find his ass. 13. I was six on the pool. By the way, Chris is pretty damn excited about this. Even though it doesn't sound like he was making a lot of noise because he's too fat to get that animated. I'm always like, I've been there done that. Been so fat they can barely breathe. You know, it's not a kind of trouble for you. We've barely breathed. That was funny. Thunderfall. WTV. 560. This is man behind the black curtain car roll. The eye of usually set out of my closet, but I am so awkward about shadow crowd touching me. Let's just be a warning to all of you out there. You can't. No, no, no, no, no, no. Hail Lord God and be loyalty. And you'll die inside and host Hasan Mayth generation. Of those have freely tried me. Don't play what bidding was at the side. Don't punish him, Yahoo. Hmm?poque and war. I just as bitch is love in my heart. Mr. Gaffman. That kind of guy will catch a roll. A roll, baby. Mr. Gaffman. Maybe Carl Rove. You're fairies. Love 32, 20, till noon, a queue. I may go, come up from 2 to 5. No, however late he's in Louisville for the Kentucky Derby. Ponding is guts out. Gambling up a storm, baby. I looked up I'm a sight-golder. He was born July 23, 1940, which means he's not even quite treasurer. Not just over two years older than I am. Because in November I'll be 65. So he's like, oh, 67, in July. He could pass for 97 easy. Am I right? Yeah. Easy. Those tips they showed on CNN today, I... He looks like an ancient old lady. I mean, a real old lady, a great-great grandma in a chair. Like a little lady in a chair. When he's swimming, he wants the job back for one. For one? Neppiated old. Oh, is that what it is? God, Almighty, how much money is that old fart made in all these years? They were paying him 7 million a year to be a day man in a chair. I'd take that. Christ, even I'm not making that. Close. No, not even close. 13 every 17 eric by the way is good little exasperated with some of these colors. There he says, what's your or some of the facts of his well? What's your favorite theme song from a 70's TV sitcom? And he's got the sitcom and dark, black, big letters underline sitcom. Not, you know, I mean, oh, there he is again. Look at that. I'm a spy man. He put the eye in the word dead. You're a fart at the rancher. Good. What a colleague, Miss Molli. Look at that. Oh, he took anybody's near CNN. Don't you know, you boy, you brain. You know, even if you are nine, you'll feel pretty good about yourself because Jesus, 13, 17 is what we got on the thing. And I think it was Brandon Pondott, so like green acres and merrily hulbulies. They were really 60's. But I think both of them slapped into the early 70's. So it's okay. Neppiated hose. Well, I'm just looking at the story. Neppiated old. Yeah, mash 162. It's a really good battle between mash and all the family, 155. So maybe if we want to see just this, don't I should try to goose up all in a family a little bit? What's that? Oh, that's a bit. All I'm going to wrong this. Okay, when that happens? Yeah, a little way to lame. I got that other one. The other version that goes on, it's got like about 18 courses. I don't want to, I don't want to punch you around and dig that up. I'm not going to get tired. Gosh, why does we have it? Oh, it's really good. Now to me, I even correct me if I'm wrong. Well, one of the most underrated deaths. I mean, Marlon Brando was certainly one and also Carol O'Connor. When they died, the earth should still, for at least a few days. Aren't you sick? Okay, sure. I mean, I make sure most people even know that Carol O'Connor's dead. Probably not. And what do you think about a guy named Carol anyway? And you knew where you were. And I was with those of them, one man. One thing talked about a band career move. Well, I'm sure he wasn't hurt from money by the time he croaked. But that in the heat of the night, the TV series, the movie was good with Rod Stager. Remember the movie in the TV series? Rod Stager was, he's also dead. It said he was dead. He was dead. He said he was dead too. No. Well, why do you say it like that? You said, well, I can like a wife. No. Well, I mean, don't get all emotional about this. We could use the band, I joined the group, I rocked in. Didn't we know what was the stage? We could have been on the boat as white. She'd our whole glass now in great old way. Now, seriously, and that's in second place. It's very close. And number one, they're holding this. What was that? They did. Well, I dialed it too fast. So that's why even a right cut. It's, oh, I'm on a wrong disk again. I don't want to hear funds in a live. Please, please, cracker, please. Don't do that to me. No more years. What is it I'm looking for? I give a little mash. I'm looking for mash. Mash was hit a DD sharp. I got to find that again. This is my eye pot. This is so bland. Like you said, the press has to go down. Mash potatoes, gravy, a little Richard, and all that stuff. A little Richard, you're fair. He found God, though. Man, he found religion. He's one of the ex-kids now. He's used to make love. He's written a big yellow. Sometimes he met on the street when they straighted up. When it down, most people know. He's a great man. And let me just point this out to you. If you look at that poor result right now, Chris, because I know you're very much in these numbers and stuff, or at least I pretend you are to give you kind of like an identity. One, three, two, four. I have one, three, two, six. I have one, three, two, six. You're such an ass. Well, like most said, although he said the whole word. One, three, two, four. And now you say 1326. Well, I'm going to click that view current thing on Ernst's 1326. So what are we thinking? We're going to have 1,400 by the top by noon. Oh, yeah. I think we're going for 16 today, man. 1,600. And in the modern era of this show, the idea. And I'm going to start at a month ago or whatever. We'll be doing it on some of these folks with people loaded 400 times. Who cares? 1,600 with that. Even eventually even George will be impressed by that. Watch Bugs and Bots and Biking. Hello, this is Albert Kider from Tony Banner Records, providing you American infidel to buy latest catch-seekings collection. You know my home, it is right. Let's take your head off your body. Got a machete with the real sharp blade. How I wish I had an American hostage. Make those in there. Oh, he's only shooting discraths. I was on the airplane. And suddenly with D-tain. There's a man who's out in the bird. And where's Alhamdah. I'm all in there. I'm in followed by an M-16. But do they one with? But what do you think about me, a purchase does not go to fund terrorism? Really? It's not time to get off the plane. Just relax and take it easy. The others down. That's your fault. It wouldn't have been a fire, would you? Find our skin and a rag. If you won't, a detainee. Another variation of the classic, woo! I ask myself every day, which Americans should take, tell me who it would know how it's saying. I'm gonna share it for a moment. I'm coming through the neck of a woman. All right. She lives there, veil and exporters. So, by Luke Hatch, she was collecting her table in 1995. All you can play with these are Mexican or weapons of mass destruction. That's a bad news for all you asked an offense that their wally-sur-Rai is dead. He was 84. He was one of the original seven Mercury astronauts. Oh. Let's hear Big Harah for wally-sur-Rai. But he's dead. Well, he's already resting piece. Rest in peace, and the sentence answers up there to that big space shuttle in the sky or whatever. 1334 on a pole. And while you think I'm stretching a little bit, well, of course, I'm 1250. Let's shoot for 1250, if we can get to 13, then, then. And I say 1550. The 1250 was yesterday, wasn't it? You okay with it? I don't know. Too many numbers, okay. Too many numbers. Too many spins of the machine boy. How did I ever come out of there with my pantalunies on yesterday? That was just what a comeback. When you make a big comeback, when you lose in your ass, I mean, when you are really having a really bad day again. And all of a sudden, by a bing, by a boom, by a bob, whatever. And you come out even a little bit ahead. I didn't bet you're a lot of money that I wasn't going to win yesterday. Robert's year writes 10th treachery. You know, Bob Robert's year writes for the nation. It wasn't good enough at the LA Times because he was a little bit too liberal. Tests treachery, he says the three short sentences at the beginning of chapter 17, a former CIA director George Tenet's memoir, at the center of the storm, tell it all. The United States did not go to war in Iraq solely because of WMD. I doubt it was even the principal cause yet. It was the public face that was put on it. Consider the deep cynicism of that statement, saying it does on the greatest threat to humanity's survival. And a pac-a-liptic nuclear configuration to explore the fierce of a nation raw from the 9th-level attacks. And a pac-a-liptic nuclear configuration, boy. The mushroom cloud over Manhattan that now Secretary of State Condoleezzo, why is in Vice President's dictatorship warning against, was nothing more than a cheap rhetorical trick. They're just to find a agenda of imperial intervention in the Middle East that the long-preceded 9th-level attacks. The goal was to ban Boosil Americans at his supporting the restructuring of the politics and Middle East to accord with the fantasies of a small band of neoconservative roles who would insinuated themselves into the highest levels of US government. Then they were roles was known to the chief of the CIA, and man we were awarded by President Boosil with the Medal of Freedom. Precisely because he provided respectable cover for the Chicanery that drove the Iraq to buckle, pity that it took a $4 million book contract for tenant to come clean. While tenant remains silently of serve the neocon, Kooted Top, close, his most devastating revelation, the annex of that neocon cabal in the Pentagon, and its Hitzkwad dubbed Team Fight for Douglas Fife, a protege of former deputy secretary of defense Paul Wolfowitz, and through him former secretary of defense, Dhamma Rosville and Chany. Team fights may entest with to create and maintain the fiction of a connection between Saddam Hussein and Muslim have been ladden when else all of it in support of better assertion. The intelligence unit fight headed set about discrediting the conclusions of every other intelligence operation while cherry-picking evidence to support the invasion of Iraq as a logical response to 911. Tenant's high crime and is just dead was that he knew of this treachery from the start he had never exposed into Congress or to the public. Take tenant's description of the briefing provided by Fife's office to offer the higher reaches of government entitled Iraq and Al Qaeda, making the case. As tenant notes, Fife's briefer, Tina Shelton, started out by saying that there should be no more debate on the Iraq out kind of relationship. It's an open and truck case you said, no further analysis is required. This statement instantly got my attention. I knew we had trouble in our hands. Say, tenant. Shelton ran through a series of fraudulent claims of fooding one that lead to hijack or Muhammad Ata had met with Iraqi agent in Prague, which the CIA had previously investigated, but found to be fraudulent, never happened. Tenant then adds, I listened for a few more minutes trying to be polite before saying, that's very interesting. This was one of my rare moments of trying to be subtle, but I was really thinking was this is complete crap and I want this to end right now. How do you like that? That's what he was thinking. We didn't say it's complete crap. That's right. But he didn't say it and the complete crap of team Fife carried the day with a bush administration from bush on down, not because they had the factor logic on their side, but because the intellectual bullying served the political agenda of the Carl Roe of Juggernaut. The bullying was effective only because Congress and the media were traumatized by 911, and because those who knew better, most prominently failed to speak out. In the end, tend to be trade, the bedrock freedom represented democracy, the right of the people to be informed and failed when it mattered most, is sworn duty to honestly inform the government about issues of vital importance to its security. Tenant knowing the administration was willfully leading our nation into a horrific war and a rack that would be tracked from the real fight against terrorism, had an obligation to resign and go public with his knowledge when the war could have been prevented. Tenant knew that the Bush administration had sold the public a package of lies, but he waited to reveal that truth until he could turn a hefty book profit. Will Tenant share the book royals with the grieving families of the dead and wounded from this war that he can see he could never honestly justify, or would the US taxpayers who are stuck with a trillion dollar bill for the never ending occupation and reconstruction of a rack? After one of his top show appearances will be arrested for complicity in war crimes? We can only hope. That's what Bobby Scheer says in the nation. Your buddy Robert Scheer tells it like it is, and that's so why he got candid TLA times. He tells him most truth. There he is. There is a Wally Sharai 84. Well he looked pretty old too. Why is 84? What do what I'm going to look like when I'm 84? I know you got a lot of lines for that probably mostly in a box and all is there? I don't know his to me. I think you're going to live to be 100. Yeah, right. Just out of the screen. That's why I'm a miserable old-proverted bastard in the crowd of it. For 1345 on the pool, what's your favorite theme song from a TV sitcom? And Nash is still eating, oh god, almighty. What are we going to do about that? It's such a, what is good about that? Can you tell me? I mean they like it so much. I don't know. But that's not the question. I'm talking about suicide for Christ's sake. It is? Yeah. That's the instrumental version of a song called suicide is painless. Which was in the movie match. That's where they got it from. Well, maybe we have a lot of suicidal people out there as possible. They're in South Florida after all, most of them. Nash 164 all in the family, 156, I just can't put all in a family over the top. Maybe because Carol O'Connor still did. Or maybe they just are nervous about a guy named Carol. Welcome back, hotter, 123, which really sucks. The reason that this pool is getting very disturbing to me. Aren't you disturbed? Yeah. WKRP, WCRAP in Cincinnati 1111, Sanford in San 110, 110. The Jefferson's 1007, good times 79. See in South Florida they'd rather be voting for a show name bad times. Not good times. Who wants good times in Florida? I think it's illegal in it. I think you're former your fat ass governor. That was the last thing he made it illegal to have good times in Florida. Fat ass, Jim. Except his family though they can party in the snort coke and screw their girlfriends in a parking lot and stuff like that. But anybody else, no good times. That was the last edict speaking of all in the family. Last edict of your fat ass governor. Barney, 161, happy days 59, taxi 51. The Murray-Tarla Moore show a 36 with that drunk, what's his name? The same guy. The odd couple, about more Amsterdam was under two, wasn't he? Hmm. The odd couple, 35. The love boat. The love boat. About third man. The cartridge family 26, the Brady Bunch 22, 3 is company 21. The love boat. That was a terrible show. Mawd 20, cheeky one of my and 20, Levernan squirrely 17, Schlameel Slamazel Schmigege, Schmendrick, Schmuck. Different stroke 17, soap 13. Don't drop it. How about that body wash? We wouldn't have that pool in what couple weeks? One day at one, get a time 13. That's why I take him. One, get a time 13. Greatest American hero 11, Bob Newhart, 11, Alice 10. What are Alice Randall's doing? Is she sure she's still listening to me? That's self-hating queen. Alice Randall. Room 222, 8. Abo, through Room 222. Now I'm trying to, was that was the moment Valerie Burton, Levernan? Yes. Because of Miguel made some comment about the yesterday. He thought she was cute as a kid, but knows. She was cute, now she's not. Oh, I wouldn't think she's too cute and I'll know. No, she's not 97. She looks like Don Amos. Same person, ever seen together? She's the most spokesperson for Jenny Craig. No, she's not. Yeah, really? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? What happened? I don't know. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. You're not sure. I'm sure. What? I'm sure. How about you? The last two people were really good looking John Schneider. Back in the day when he was under 100, Benson, too. I don't even know that show, Benson. Yeah, it was a spin-off from soap. You ever see soap? Soaps cut 13. Was it spin-off or soap? Did you ever see soap? Yeah, I'll explain. I've seen it, and I'll tell you what I've seen. I've never seen it. I've never seen it. Thanks to life's got one, and Rode has got one. I wasn't Rode, and that was a spin-off of the Vernon Scorley. I think it was a spin-off of Mary Tyler Moore. But I'm not sure. But I'm not sure. Spin that dravel baby. 13. 54, which means we're closing. I don't know. Can we do 16? Wow, 13. 60. KX to KADWKAT. March 1st, 19. 76. The New York Show they've used on WKAT on Lami Beach. On Bay Road. What was that? Rode. What was it? Those are the days, man. Those are the days when they had that Mayflower, the Gay strip club. Oh, baby. Right there on Altnrod's, no matter the fact, those are the days. When the town was like a lot more fun than it is right now. Whenever some living and breathing people, other than those 10 blocks in South Beach. Even the girl I'm in the yesterday is, I want to say 15 blocks. There's 15 blocks in South Beach, and that's supposed to be the nightlife in Dave County. And that's it. That's the corner of Miguel. He knows his stuff. And he didn't even, he was the broadfinger one. Yes. Even the girl who's a professional cubano, baby. What's the big deal with that? Robert County's been overwhelmed by people who know speaking English. And that's fine with us. Just wait. Just wait. Trolls are the big things. There are a couple of people. Oh, and there was a fat Russian woman yesterday. Oh my god. Is there any other kind? We said the fat old Russian woman. Yeah. There's a lot of Josh Cortis's girlfriend kind. But he's not old. No, he's not fat yet. But she will be some day, man. Oh, well, like in my soul, Vindu will. But anyway, this woman was farting so bad on the chair right next to me. I thought I really thought at one point I was going to. You never have vertical. No, your head starts spinning and you get really dizzy and you like, you can't keep your balance. I thought I was going to pass out on the flow every day. No, no, no, no. He was losing my arse. But this woman, and I like, move my head around like to try to like, you know, get my nose out of the pathway of the, Oh, you know, I mean it happens to the worst of us. Okay. Everybody starts now. And then, but go off to the side somewhere. Go one off to some other, some other area like outside would be good. When they have that big, uh, a stance with that horse sitting in front of wood by go off there and fart at the horse. He won't mind. Good. God. In fact, she, she farted like a horse this woman. I didn't hear it, but. Yeah, what a sound like. I could replay it for. I didn't hear it, but yes, I didn't hear it. But yes, I didn't hear it. But I would have much rather hear it here than smell it. Oh. Yeah. Man, the sights and smells of wood by him. I'm going to write a book about that place. I really am. This is very equipped. Whenever I shape my balls, I listen to the meal rotters 12 for one hour. Hey, sounds at you. Hey. But I'm in it. And I think they're really great. I doubt that you can't hit a one or two. Much less or eight. A sound that you hate. I'm in from the boys. They will surely set for race. I tell you what they are. Garin, see you go. Yeah. I like finger nails on a blackboard. But people crack their neck for their knuckles. When I rough style, we're phone together. That just makes me shuffles. Eight sounds you can't stand. But you could tolerate if you were a handsome man. I am. And to the list of it. A fork and a knife scraping on a plate. Scraping on a plate. Scraping. Here's what I really love. You might want to try it. Give me feedback in my headphones. I hear that more like it. Little more. Little more over there. Little more. Hey, sound so unique. Now let's review so you can really, really free. Figure nails on a blackboard. But people crack their neck for their knuckles. Roll up its side, we're phone together. Call this makes me juggle. I like when you're single on a gym floor. Raising in a room and a window. When I guess it's thrilling, my motor. That makes me say, Pin-no. My boy singing on his record. Ah! You're tattooed on my child. If these have give you the shivers. That makes you all winters. Hey, you go nuts and someone fight their form like this. Because I love it. Here, I'll do it again. Do you have an nervous system left? How about the squeegee wiping with a lot? Back my neck. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Stop where you went. Stop for a whips. Away. I got one more. And I got me a better one. How about 3 and 5 and 60? WCM happy Thursday to you. From all your pizons, a QAM. Marlos ratings come out 10 o'clock. Sharp, Dave Johnson, because of the mood. Kentucky Derby Preview. I'll do this in the homework on that tonight. Yes. I already picked. I did. I did. I did. There's no business like show business. I like the name of the horse. I just like what I read about. And what about that dosage thing? You know about dosage? No. Not that you do. 1376 folks. I don't know where I come up with 1600. We're not going to do it. I'll always do about 2 hours to go though, right? I'm thinking, I'm thinking it's one o'clock. I guess that's wishful thinking. How can it only be noon? Are you kidding me? It's only noon. It's only 24. I feel like I'm sitting here. Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap. For like hours and hours and an eternity then. Good at being worse. WQA and hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey, if that lady had that guess, why did you just get up? Why did you sit there and enjoy it? Why didn't I just get up? Cause I had money in the machine. You idiot. Cause I'm playing them and she went in and just get up. What a moron. Well, you think it's just a quarter's in. Yeah, why did I just, yeah, for quarters in the dollar machine. Why didn't I just get up? Yeah, I should have just got up and walked away with my 150 credits. You idiot. See, there we go again. That's the South Florida crowd blaming me for somebody else's bad gas. If I were to cut it, I'd be the one who would admit it. I'd tell ya. Wasn't me. The dog done it. What a jerk. Why did you just get up and walk away? Yeah, that would have been the beautiful thing to do. Just leave my machine there. It's busy. It's the middle of the afternoon. I got on my sheen. See this guy don't even know how to hell it works. He doesn't understand how you sit there and keep pouring the hundreds in one after another. And losing and losing in your mind, you're counting 167, 188. And you're just, you know, the sweat is pouring off your armpits. It's the piss. But don't you get up and move. Pal, that's what everybody is waiting for. You to get up and move your fat ugly ass with your big stupid mouth. WQA and hello. You said something yesterday that I really appreciate it. If you said the Chris has some self respect young man. Now that's very important. Do you agree? You don't have some respect. Another like for instance, when you negotiate your contract and do things, you have respect if they don't give you what you want to walk out the door. No. You have some respect. I'm going to walk out the door with this kind of a deal. Are you a crazy person like that? I don't know. You don't give me what you want. Do you want to do a fight if you're getting a fight? That was not even my idea. That was their idea. That was a my idea. So that's called self respect now. Yeah. If it's their idea, it's called self respect. Get out of here. Well brother. Well, what were those two calls all about? I don't know. Yeah. Self respect is because it was their idea that there was like an enticeman and do some. Maybe it was norm as idea. I don't know whose idea was. And I said, yeah, sure. Sure. Whatever you want. You can put Russian Chinese melodies on there. By that time 2009, 2010, who cares? As long as I get my little puny salary in over a couple of weeks. And my 85 weeks off. And it was, you know, perks the dolphin tickets and all those other stuff. So I was, I get all that stuff taken care. What do I care? You can put Chinese musicers on there on Friday. And George doesn't care either. He's going to stay home and gave her 30 nights. He's going to get drunk again. You bet every week, every Thursday. Go horn, go cheating. How about a few A.M. hello? Yeah. I really don't want to with Karen Black. Yeah. And more Valerie Burton, Ellie. What was she asked? She was one day at a time. Oh. And first, Ellie and Karen Black and Valley Burton, Ellie Shaw, together and do a Daisy chain. Yeah. Yeah. That would be something. One day at a time, I said, I'm just this list. That ought to be. I got it a few don't. Well, see, I'm tired of that. I got it a few don't. You know, what could it is that? Or got to buy a new heart show, but that's really bad. He used to be funny, like I'm interested about it, a million years ago. Not new heart. Yeah. This is all right. No, he's not. Not anymore. Hello. Hello. Yeah. There's the thing. Oh. What was that? Oh. There's the thing. No one. I got it. There's the thing. There's the thing. Yeah. This is it. All right. And the case of that show, there's the couple letters off of the beginning of the word it. I can't tell you which letters they are. 1387 on the pool. See, I'm trying in my mind. I don't know. I'm having such difficulty. They're figuring out it's the numbers thing. And I'll see. They're punching that machine all day for hours and hours and hours. And then on the five dollar machine, I got a spin for 750. And immediately following on the line, 2500 bucks. So in two punches at the button, there's 3,250 bucks. Not bad, eh? Not bad. See, I mean, if you ever played Wheel of Fortune, do you have, no. No. No. We played some slots out in Vegas. I have no idea what the hell I was playing it. What do you mean, you don't know what you were playing? I don't know. Doing a little more slot the research. Yeah. If we start dropping your money. I got it. We're living from paycheck to paycheck. And you're dropping money in slot machines, man. I know about a different kind of slot. Yeah, I bet you do. And no comment. I have a great line for that. They're doing 90. I have a great line for that in your case. Make some lot of sense. QAM, hello. Yeah. One drop too many. QAM, hello. I think I wasn't meant to two sags could take one minute. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. WQAM, hello. FAM. Hey, room 220 is cheering for the entire. And the bad guy was going to say, QAM, he's a cross-eyed one. Yeah, that's not a problem. He's not a cross-eyed one. Yeah, that's not a problem. Yes, that's a problem. We have a theme as coal shaft and a clock where we dorm in Kevin, Darren McAdlin, Ellison. Darren McAdlin. That's a good show. that's a great job right that's also still in reruns uh... i've heard you don't have that on this then that and that wasn't a was that the seventies of the uh... eighties night stalker all sevenies a pretty sure yet well how come i can't find it on here i got it on here somewhere got these really uh... remotely is very obscure i don't have it either that uh... chicken next time you i got the theme from cucle fran and all i got to get this on all boy that is so much fun especially if you're a hundred years old like me in chicken neck or the only one to appreciate this stuff and everybody else's go to jesus and you'll hope you plan that's real old stuff and nobody ever heard of before or why not it's like a pubic service man this stuff that you guys missed cucle fran and allie with bird-tilt drum who was the a puppeteer he was also gay and uh... friend alson how did i know that that he was gay word i ever pick up on it and we're picked him up thank god but uh... i'm trying to get this thing to keep up and it just doesn't want to do it would not be bad if this doesn't you uh... medium bad why isn't it coming up it's not here well book of brine chicken neck made this uh... i play these before so i know sooner later maybe got money i did not mungum okay it says servo on what does that mean servo on the services like little motors and stuff in it but it's not you and uh... it doesn't mean say it doesn't the means so it was carrying valentine it's really nice for sure that bad that we went through all these different caren's was caren black it was caren valry britainelli was this one was that one i guess i have to try the other deck because that one is working like direct speaking of words he's still as he's still working there he's around i think and it's around in the box probably still a second some money out of that joint he hasn't sold anything on this show at about a hundred years and in just as well servo on i have a feeling that means that this this is all their clothes it's cd all right see if you want here is i love it i put it in a second time here we are back with you again yes by god yes darling who put brand they're all all in here we are again here we are again here we are again here we are again here we are again here we are again wow don't you feel like a tingle in your toes just from here and i feel good boy this is our mowered in David with the message from man over a hundred nady if you see it strange things floating in your eyes or occasionally see the shadow people well then you may be suffering from a did macaroni degeneration a voice signs of macaroni degeneration little white dirt nudley looking lines on your nose those are macke you call it a fake i said i said not a you need your urine check what are you now about that i'll see here the health us for horses and food case metad been has an encounter with other sport horses and there is your head of them being in the pink so to speak and more exciting in the bedroom i've made a reason why they run so many men's health spots why sure so they can see how them and better here that's why i'm telling them about the Macaroni degeneration it's macaroni degeneration come and have your go and stroll Mac's Mac degeneration watch it jump yeah i don't like no mysterious why he did this it now put yourself behind some place we got a lot to see see we're gonna go drive at us in the street ah from 17 to 5 60 WM happy Thursday you'll never guess what i just found i was looking i don't know some sugar now why are you peeing my career why was you gonna do that crystal me to do it he gave me a dollar faster oh hey check it out when it does check it out what's happening you want us to find a way just hopefully we have birds and poor back hey we'll have a look give you a nickel yeah that means you're 95 cent oh believe me if i keep playing it you'll need it you'll need an alne that i can't afford to do are you wow i can't believe i found that for out 200 years i go when they were play alright each of our our i'mus okay i better get that disc out of there right now you better kiss your ask a buy i think is the way that goes and then yes that is how it goes you better kill it okay look at them seeing an international how do you like that for coincidence coincidence coincidence i oh god it's a dry yeah yeah yeah just who knows who it is yeah that's right you are bad and that was not on that disc the other one oh kind of leaves it that's on there unfortunately she was just on seeing it international right although we do have this oh wow ever alzolson that's your like that one song he's seen manmy how i love you how i love you i got it all they're all manmy remember that? well from others day you know build it in place touchscreen voting with optical scanner sent a governor Chris you fair is that it sounds like it for me is that it for me? everything seems lovely i got a good collection when you start your home okay you have that i got seven the birds are singing the baby you know protein and reverse by the way believe you are birds are away manmy won't be so my old manmy when you're on a star of mother's day mother's day we can send that we yeah yeah sure yeah sure man y'all are from home manmy smile of the manmy manmy i just said the scale is popular the sunshine's here and i know where the sun's been i know where and you're breast i'm on time there manmy he was legendary i understand alzolson he was what do you mean you understand i saw that movie he was currently very big jazzy some reason yeah we do the first break or what and we did it i just never crossed it off that's not good i get read and nervous when i failed across off a break because it means by old timeers is kicking in or i'm just having such a good time i'm not trying a build-up place test-speed voting machines with a paper ballot makes voters presidential primary one of the earliest donations had to do uh... gate governor Charlie Chris with the limbrist and a 118 to zero vote one 18 nothing the thought of how this morning passed and lessons will be used optical scan balling is a replacement to fetch screen machines and 15 counties including palm maids and rower the twenty minute dollar cost will come from the federal government replace the controversial touch screen machines was among Chris top priorities you go Charlie you uh... you you're fairies for the news if told us they want trustworthy reliable and verifiable lessons told state representative Dorothy he'll kill republican a port orange the bill also moves slow to two thousand presidential primary from march two january twenty nine while we wow wow uh... january twenty nine republican controlled house killing effort Thursday by democrats to change the day to for worried five democrats wanted to avoid repribution from the national parties which have all the punish candidates who can't pin and float is really primary by stripping the nominating delegates if anybody is going to become present they need to inflow to demonstrate support and florida said representative david revira republican a mimey well i got news for a baracco bama's going to kick swirries ass you'll see right yes fourteen oh five on a poll now they will fear us whenever going to get to sixteen why did you say that Chris that was a that was a moment of weakness on your part an act of lunacy no doubt okay but we will settle for fifteen though and i'm always said or that's what i said to begin the show that's good enough good enough for us fifteen old bean property owner's way to hear from florida's legislator about how much their taxes will be cut will have to hold on hold on now argue with for snappers hold on at least another month battling lawmakers gave up yesterday and trying to find the solution will come back in june in junio the news come admittedly disappointed governor by surprise and troublesome property owners in real estate agents hoping for a clear tax relief plan from a legislature that made property taxes dominate to four session but how to speak early lovely marco rubio who once said it would be a failure if legislative finish the session friday without a meaningful tax cut refused to back off a plan that calls for a steep savings by eliminating all-humour property taxes and favor raising sales tax we could have probably passed something yesterday would cut your taxes eighteen bucks a year rubio said labeling such a plan that's howl has these special a phony reform eighteen bucks my ass the west-manly legislator in his counterpart said it present again prude we don't want to do it said they were close to an agreement but didn't want to be rushed they agreed to meet you in profit upon twenty two promising to approve a constitutional amendment for voters this fall that would help guarantee savings for all taxpayers but the major ideological riff will still be there in june in junio rubio wants to fundamentally change the tax structure prude and christ want to maintain the basic structure but rollback the amount of local governments contacts prude initiative the uh... initiative the corporate special session and he found rubio and the governor my beloved clock is to the more insane there was too little time left to create a responsible and well understood plan in other words but about a bit but a bit about like that like they always do and legislation here comes the bunny and there goes your money fourteen hundred and ten votes and we're all over the place with all these other playing a lot of stuff that doesn't even fit on here you know i got a disk in there that i don't even know what's on it and the way things are going right now probably what did i do with that other one i better burn it oh what you've got all excited when i started to play that because you want to work on provocative to her best i thought they don't want to put your answer on friday they got to put up with you all the time on vacation and all summer longer my uh... schedules etc that's our schedule by the way is getting really really close boys it's getting very very near and dear to my heart you know what i mean okay the second what is it the third of me the third i'll third they mile senator days i'll think what a mile by the way and go help a Mexican celebrating go to talk about god i love talk about don't you yeah i look at her i think it's a greasy need so it's it's the same it's the same oily stuff and and they also drop the trans fats to talk about or my dreaming about that i know Kentucky friday i don't know i don't know what i don't care i just likes it man that kind of orange oil that's dripping down like from the meat and the burritos and the burritos supreme is the tacos and they and they got that crunchy thing because that's the carbs and that's so i can't eat that right so i think next time i go there what i'm going to do the have forks right there is a counter it's take a fork and get like six burritos supreme and just open them all up and eat the stuff inside and that sounds like something a real pig would do well you know when you're when you're fat you didn't get that way because you're in moderation okay fat people don't eat small portions trust me i tell you i write great it's a thyroid am i right Chris yeah fat people don't eat small portions that got a call two days ago and it's the first i'm on a thank him even though it wasn't and his intent was to be a real pin in the ass which he was i want to thank him for inspiring me to do my sugar free a me sugar free me now you guys you're probably thinking oh as soon as the show ends you're gonna run over good candy and ice cream and no i'm not i believe you Chris don't see Chris can't Chris is actually a guy you believe me today today yeah and yesterday that would be two days and i want to run on the weekend oh on the weekend i think but also helped hear me was the fact i got that brires cinnamon cinnamon crunch something whether it looks so good on the you know on a package and the ingredients sounded like caramel and cinnamon that oh man sounded great and it sucked it sucked like the godfather and somebody's new benningaries i talked about that a week or two ago at least horrible favors they've come up with a little abhoratory i think even the Boris Bobby pig and that's probably why he croaked too much godfather 12.87 a QA thinking you're recording the sheriff brought toilet paper abuse online did he used to be recycled and your EP you know if he does have two sides if you are wanting to report someone using two or toilet paper squares when going for dokey please they're pressing one if someone is using three squares of EP please they're pressing three and if you are knowing someone who is so ecologically here is vulnerable has to be using modern three squares someone who thinks is but dokey doesn't think they are to be a serious better god problem with them what is wrong with you people in my country we don't even have to toilet paper we don't even have toilet all we have is a stick in our order in the ground we call Pakistan the shims of your structure should be thank you for calling yeah yeah stick your best my suggestion all you guys 12.3220 to one now here's the math okay we're gonna do 1600 but you'll see Chris you'll see how the math should do it the old queen we need 177 votes by my math and we got 88 minutes that's two a minute well that's pretty much so generally what we can do that especially we put the big push on and we tell everybody vote and vote until your finger falls off right and vote again and again and again and even just make it up and you know the best part of it is if we can get 1600 and you know this is like what the answer is next to this you want to know why because of that yesterday no well you see what i mean about him negative negative negative negative negative you're even there too long man negative get out of there because there's no i hate this pool no mole which makes it even a great work accomplishment yes so we started the pool seven weeks ago so big deal nobody has to know that we started at 16 months ago big sentence 1424 your favorite theme song from a 70s tv sitcom it even if you don't love to live in the 70s and see no shows they're on i mean everybody's seen these shows am i right right is there anybody of any age well i think all in the family happy days and the jepersons and good times and bad times all us stuff of course not on a man what what this all that's right i think i was gonna play good times again just to you to aggravate i i what is it that you don't like did you hate to show that much is that it i didn't like it by the one note of the course one point of our ice page uh... for the show read scene from all the good times with us to rule one and by the way you can't tell me that you liked that show i hit that show all right and you want to know why he did that show can be jj well there you go that's the reason i didn't use it was a line that all right i'd like to take a stick of dynamite and we thought that in our team was annoying but i think i know i like the show different day for quite some what the hell is easy cradle rip off any easy cradle rip off they say it towards the end of what does that mean you're no time or explain that to me so come scratch in lot of scratch in lot of survival especially got them uh... you know then bid bugs wqa and hello and you are you okay sir i just i know you're not during pole building it did the morning miller theme get on there barnet miller was a uh... sit calm sure what i never watched it was not all hell indian yes is very good to get things out of for it right okay let's add it is it on a pole that i don't know it should be it was a good trip there it is i never wanted to think of something else on the far maybe the part of the family is on probably you can't that's the way about step in on the on some of the ship in from home of the actual this party number you ask me about a pound or we go to one that's a neat wqa and hello qa and barnet miller show hello yeah hi um Georgia's wrong about cradle it's easy credit rip off okay and also the best uh... seventy seems on is the maritalia more show oh i'll find it okay i haven't played that yet it's probably on here which would be really sad welcome back how about here it is just a horrible song the present uh... when you make a ton of this it's not a good time that's it it's in this kind it's not moving it's a good idea i would say that that theme is about as good as that show it sucks it blows okay in other show that was terrible and we haven't even mentioned it did we put this on the mod mott we're doing it all i remember is that we are through was on the show which is one reason i hated it to begin with mether has been named was Walter with that silly must action and it was just a horrible show and we didn't borrow was on there with her magical galloping barboz that made it but she had her a bazumba zoom yes that's right figure who he's sitting around talking about reading how could he talk about you would Chris like that that was your boyfriend you know your best buddy yeah i know i'm trying to see if you can see what's giving a break oh how does that know what's the name on it oh no um harder no kind of regular well i remember what you said i'm catching a singing by the way we have she is on there and both of them back to the game we're going to get cheers on the pool who's not on there and there it is she is she is horrible show horrible theme song making you way in the wall to be the president we got taking the break from all your worries show it help a lot rhymes with shock i think you're like together yeah way from the song far away what do you see in these times i think you say during those days when i'm mistakenly a hand around here she is she is she is she is wasn't that the show where they all said around in a bar and was not the one yeah it wasn't on in the 70s either when was it on 80s 82 really well you're not putting on there then because this disc is 70s and 80s so they're welcome being she is you want to be with everybody you're me yeah you're good you want to go you want to go everybody yeah okay pull that trigger thank you baby hi i'm joey d formerly of joey d in the style i do i'm also found in of the rock and roll rest home where we provide care and treatment for many of the rock and roll stars you love so much in the past but whose lives have been destroyed by broken record companies stars like mr. D clock over here no who who who who who who you can finally see why we need your help over here we have Daniel O'Petus who sang rhythm for the govones every now and then i try to help them out it's okay it's okay okay i will help oh i love you like i do we show you a support by sending your checks to 442 when would have a new in south city our email address is that's one one from nation just call be put for five seven eight nine thank you come forty five got some sensational news but it's just pretty shocking considering what an the end of the backwoods place of this less than six months after they started rolling the four legislatures they voted to relax day regulations on brown county slot machines mine for more machine and more playing time with promises of extra dollars for the state's public schools during a tight budget year the counties for a casino's release be allowed to install an extra five hundred biggest house lot machines up to two thousand if the measure becomes law the hours of play will increase from sixteen to eighteen hours during the week and twenty four hours on the weekend all right here comes the body and there goes your money whether you're for the not gambling is any economic engine in brown county said representative jackson and a credit of will manage the fairly house funds with the bill is in rates jobs and tourism changes also a ATM machines to be located on the casino premises as long as oh man as long as they are in the same room with the slot machines oh you got to like water and probably into the lobby or something like that we don't want to close to the machines mine to the state to the end by shuttles provided by the permeable venues a she'll let the local couple miles away you know that alone was a security issue for a lot of seniors and senator Steve Gallauder democratic who pursue the sentence sponsor the senate today voted thirty nine in favor the bill said you have to a governor Charlie gay christ the house approved to sixty one to fifty two on Monday there's been no hit about christ might do with the bill back over he might stick back to what he got well he signs the bill the clothes it'll all baby now the senate started to look a little bit scary two thousand machines woodbines got seventeen hundred that's a pretty big joy i mean you can you can lose everything you ever had in your life in that place seventeen hundred machines fourteen fifty now what was i thinking about it's not happened here i don't know what are you thinking about about to get out of here fourteen fifty one when here's the oregano diaries they're talking a lot of crap okay trying to make him seem like he was like a real uh... legitimate person as opposed to i right we don't take whose wife for a call in psychics to advise her on the uh... whether we should bomb russia whatever things like that fourteen hundred fifty one vote now you people are going to put the pedal to the metal if we're going to get to sixty hundred and of course i i said fifteen and of course christ had opened up his big fat mouth didn't you where were you the one that said i said fifteen fifty over all fifteen fifty and you said all sixteen hundred here that something like he was mocking you there what i do that yeah that's the way fact people are man they can be bitter and vicious just just ask me out said i know bitter and i know said vicious fourteen fifty three the just trickling him if i saw like a chunk here in a chunk there you know what i mean i'd pick it up in smelling and i got it says i should have just got up and ran away with it woman started farting real bad i mean well what do you do just get up and you leave your uh... thing in a machine in your robot where we're nowhere to run nowhere to hide let's play that martin the vandalist baby nowhere to run where we're gonna go you know just get up and while you're you're sitting on a chair you're sitting in a role of machines is guys to come standing there like uh stopping by to drop in a couple of coins we don't do coins anymore okay nowhere to run baby nowhere to hide that a robot i could push you in a coma okay martin the vandalist meeper rich husband's error in a week after fifty years his family where not the traction of the fact of your tears all and moving moving his passing the hat along to i i think you you believe i just made that up that was in the store wasn't a christ but that's what you had there haven't had big bashing that the government hell and they'll and uh... he's gonna pass the head over to this bruise uh... canady guy whatever this guy i don't know what the guy's name i never heard of any good anybody else fourteen fifty five we need a hundred and forty five oh so let's do the math on this we got seventy one oh it's it's then close to two two vote two minute how could we not do two votes a minute and my right now i'm looking at what you have sixteen hundred people listening that's a possibility the way things are going this place we might we might have just maxed out right now fourteen fifty five then i fell forty fifty six see that hopes brings a turtle in the human breast in a breast and i keep hitting that view current thing thinking that there's going to be like a chuk come on fourteen fifty seven there's a pair speaking of breast there's a pair for you not a big pair i'll speak of that well one and i said way thank you the largo city manager who was fired after repeating his plans to have a sex changes become a firm enough of the same job and sorry soda Steve set a stand in forty eight some of his resume last month under his future female name Susan a stand with an expert at the name change was pending stand was one of three applicants at all five sirs so the sequester chose yesterday among their top candidates a consultable continuing the field of applicants and the commission is will interview the final six on a twenty nine if stand makes the final cut he told the sirs so to hurt community with interview as a woman it would be a dream job stand said and they say hey if you're a man and a woman they go to yourself i wonder if that would work i don't know something think about that i want to ask round your me how that work the fact that the commission has enough faith to look at someone for their credentials be smiles of the inclusive nature of service soda you know that's really interesting that anybody would say that because you know what the nickname for sirs so to use to be sorry soda no well i was mine nickname the city of hate i think yeah city of hate the inclusive they want maybe it changed i worked there nineteen seventy three that's thirty four years ago as the long time ago after on city island and our average listener was ages about hundred and twenty uh debt plus thirty five the largo city commission voted five to two and February and again in march to fire stand from the hundred and forty grand year job of four fourteen years commissioner said it was stanton's judgment not the revelation plan of sexing that prompted the votes does anybody buy that anybody believe anybody think they're sincere no so that is going to go to sorry soda maybe hold down the same job he's going to hold it down well if he's going to be a woman he's going to have to hold it down otherwise people are going to start wondering what's that you know am i do i have a good point there what that's you did hold it down just like with all that noise new audience you know hold it down a little bit now hold it down 1462 oh that was a wonderful year that was thirty years before Columbus thirty years not thirty minutes of Christopher Columbus said sale for the new world anybody believe that i wonder if there were any Jews on the need of the pinto in the Santa Maria 1462 we need a hundred and thirty eight and we got the sixty nine minutes that you know something that you can do that again in the mid-in years what sixty nine times two hundred and thirty hundred and thirty hundred and two that that i want good at numbers man i see a good number i grab it and when i see a good number man i know it spread all the crap i get from this audience and says you have the theme from what's happening was the good old uh show with good old fat rerun who always wore a beret is he alive re-run i remember re-run you are the thing yeah remember what's happening not much got another hour to get maybe it's on the obscure let's go through some of these obscure one like it was a horrible team by the way couple friendly everything's our uh uh uh uh why after one disconair that's uh i see well i want to put the one and again that didn't queue up the first time it's not coming to you up this time either so i got to put it in the bottom deck oh such complications man and and can you explain me why the see i guess this was a double and you're always explaining the same thing and being seen all i can't remember it why these things don't always work but they don't track uh it's just a matter of the machine that made it and uh this the player that you've got is uh you know particular some it's choosing yes ask your boy um i wonder if that's uh Josh Curtis my little answer boy did you know i said boy on your planet i never heard of it did you sure lots of answers oh you ran get him here he go fighting for our breeders step up for the new start going but you're the one but you're the one you're the one you're kept him in nine states like further in his asked by the wages kept him in the and you know so this was the beginning of the video i just had to be 50 show how all that real american sounding that pro american anti-communist is in make hope for daddy's any time he was as we know he's ever been anytime sorry i'm just a little bit more eastern senses my cam driver he said hey if you're not found here by 1235 i'm bomb in the building father was best how about you and junior how was junior on that show Billy uh coat no seriously you don't remember father it was best yeah i watched it my little marge you heard of a real storm oh she's taking the time by storm and you and of course everybody even you pucks no this show oh they don't say that i said they're being mounted on it that that the sea of inches of azine heria starring azine and heria and with and David else in and the role that except David else in that she oh he's a i hate that she'll arm his brook the guy with the uh what the hell is his name he perfect your action oh that guy you know arm his arms good good i see uh who is in that funny guy he had a mustache ball did you go look did you go do it oh arm his brook i'm also you got that so computer there it is since first more police last the cast yeah cast was they don't have it oh chillin the scene you know i hate to say what about those well no Richard credo no Frank Nelson no Jean burial a jail Gordon now if you'll listen to me after the break remind me i got to play that again those were the beach boys doing their current all right well they can't well do it after the the break now how many theme songs are sung by like major you know i'm saying like popular pop groups not many 14 70 we now 130 most we got 64 minutes it's gonna be really really tight down to the wire Chris is a squirming in that chair just like that woman it would buy me a stick and probably with the same resolve eh don't open the door George great with i like to shave my legs arms and funds while listening to the Neil Rogers one or two hours and yes what i google it and i was right it's the beach boy 19 64 oh gosh never heard the song before never heard of the show there was a lot in 1975 series caring with current valentine she keeps popping up all over the place now we ever figure out who who is it with uh in those genicrytes spots valley but knowing it is valley but yeah sure because i saw a couple days ago and she's fat and disgusting and she's standing right next to first the alley and all my it's like drowning in a sea of fat remember that song by Phil Phillips the CFAT yep bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum yeah CFAT okay let's take a look and see if we got any chance at all here for 16 and then we'll say all we only wanted 15 50 in the first place that's all we want to write Chris we're not gonna make that out of the way yeah 14 77 and it's like going 9 and going to heaven we need 23 and 120's people in 56 minutes oh that's not good not missing out the ratio was starting just fade away and buddy how i said not fade away but we're fading away we're losing it we're not losing it the audiences usually they come through for us big time they come through with flying colors and today like you could tell like about 20 minutes ago as soon as i kind of like put the put the pressure on at that point they like ran they ran for the hills that's okay we get over 15 on a uh especially on the third of May what half the town is gone pace off his over east of his over there run for the hills maybe they try to escape i don't know what they made a movie escape from New York we should be a movie called Escape from Florida when you think good plan let's make it w qa m hello how are you doing yes sir love you man say uh from the 70s i know it's the lake when to add your list of the rock first file that was actually that was a set come i just wanted to wait that wanted other uh shows like that on there figure for everyone keeps faxing in the names of shows that aren't sitcoms i don't think you're going to put it in big bull dark black letters on the pool they're right at the top okay here's the question what's your favorite theme song from a 70s TV sitcom sitcom he left the h of but sitcom Jesus K Christman oh rockford files yeah that was pretty funny that was James Gurn right yes there wasn't a sitcom for you we need 120 votes in 55 minutes it's not gonna happen why should i by the way still dead 32 a and hello 2 a m yeah yes and now number do you remember the times when they when the state was off for the the seat not for the casinos and things like that but you never need to have telephones in there and and they wanted to book you to make money now you can go and these casinos without then uh you have your phone number they remember they said no phones in the casinos and nothing like that name on it and let me ask you this what do you just make you have a phone the casino or not what what happens is that gonna make no i'm not the same but what they see if you had a sports book i can see with it made my favorite was voted just if it's a slot machines which is all they are legal and floater right now if it just slot machines what do you just make thank you i'm so i'll try to say but remember the state used to say no phones in the uh and they know i sure know no i'm not gonna keep my hand hello hello yes yeah yeah and uh just to live Jefferson all the family yeah you got those on there yet he said he just turned in oh no we forgot about those sir oh my god let's go back to pull building what do you say no not double the q a m hello q a m hello Neil yes sir i i welcome back otter yeah what where should we the right hundred else to run i love the screener i just turned it on how about the greatest american hero it always how about saying goodbye okay we're not building the pool and we don't want to add any more names issues that are already on and i'm gonna keep reading it in for this 600 on the list and quick being a bunch of job owners okay as do a rental used to say remember the remons in the jobones no the job owns 1483 now but i've had if i click that we're gonna start closing on 15 and like i said the other day you got to get to 15 before you get to 16 both in age and on a poll 1483 where are we not gonna do it they just do not come through for you to smell it oh i know i said same woman again that damn big rush in woman why is it that so many i and this is a terrible thing to say it's not like going to say any hose but why is it that so many eastern european peoples i i mentioned the cly why they smell so bad i don't know everyone that i got to smell high-dead they sleep in their clothes maybe i mean there's some guys that have these sports jackets on from like 1842 and and you can tell they've been sleeping in them walking around in them uh you have that musty you know i mean like you want to you want to get a box of moth balls yeah and start just tossing around okay boy 1487 we have 113 and 52 minutes the ratio of all of them promising now unless we get a really big push what do you say Chris we can do it if they push yeah we're gonna get it they're gonna come and get out of here are you out of your mind or what yeah i don't know the answer q a m hello yeah i was like the one mister here it's wk m hello near i can't protect the free get there i can't talk first well i can't believe you forgot married with children oh how many q a m hello q a m i was silent suicide line yes yeah yeah that guy before and he's a clean the crap out of there is yours it is ed cradle rip off back in the seventies the cradle or crib was like your home ah i feel vindicated and now i understand it too oh this George oh we're always in oh like you change in Chris and Chris oh i'm here for sure she didn't know that George or from that time oh yeah oh you didn't and i was never did to know get told i'm surprised that you George what's wrong with you man okay let's see what else oh real my heart all right all right all here's one this one will tell you your heart strings you last see oh yeah no see last he was a girl but was supposed to be a boy am i right last he's supposed to be a girl whatever whatever it was last he means girl oh last he last he like a we last with thing we we last i think that's like going to a swimming oh look at his walk Disney's gonna take you back oh yeah oh well he's a camera cell of color see when when color TV first came out and i have no idea what the first year was you know or when what period of time i guess in the early sixties yeah a circuit we'd be popular everybody had a color TV so they used to make a big deal in color in living color it's a little bit a peacock would come out and that's when i'm be see the peacock would come out now CBS it was shooting baby baby rocket born on a mountain top of the sea they hurt lying to raise them the woods so they knew every tree killed him above when he was only three baby baby baby they be rocket king of the law for a sea all right boy that's some real cornball crap in it the life and legend of why to a person other gunslinger maybe and then there's always gun smoke it was not really a metal was played by a wedding combat related to play cannon on tv and then he died he died i love it him cannon i would him uh... but i was a he played he was also was he like cannot superman he was some other major character on radio i don't know i do you didn't like it because you like cop show right you also play new or wolf ever saw that either you know that he was big in the carnations a white sport code what is this from that's family ties this is not the murder to me the family ties that's a family ties it on ties together for a million show it is look at look what we got a pool 1492 1492 wooden crispy proud of us not i don't mean our christ i mean christ Columbus we need a hundred and eight votes in 48 minutes and guess what christ what they're not doing and that's because you're not you're not pushing hard enough don't you're honey we're the way come crazy play don't bring one nothing for me surpriseadh when he hasnak found the language we can had about jay no was Japan I'm not coming in and chunks the way that they were nearly. You know back in the day when we had not in I mean 50.03 and we could have made the 60. 100 but I don't confidence is pretty low right now. 50.04 there's one Chris. Like I said I'm 50. What is it? Like I said 15.15. 16.100 we need 96 votes in 43 minutes such as a little more than two a minute. And the way it's going right now I think we'll be lucky to get 15.10. They just don't care what else is in the very best. It's been a set of very best. I got almost a legible fact but they mentioned get smart. Do we have that on there? No we don't. Get it on there right away. I'll read the list. I'll go down it and maybe if I read the list that'll inspire these people to get on there and vote again. The same 50.04 people have voted the first three or four times. What's your favorite theme song from a 70's TV sitcom? Nash is still in the lead. In fact they increasingly just a teeny tiny bit 180. How's sad? All in the family 168. Welcome back. Kada 134. WKRP, radio crap and Cincinnati 141 and Sanford and Son also 141. The Jefferson's 117. Good times 87. 40 Miller 67. Happy day 62. Taxi 52. The odd couple. 40. He's dead right Tony Randall. I think yeah. He's dead. Very talented more show 40. Love boat 33. The Parfuch Family 29. Chico and a man with some say Chico. A lot of people say Chico. I don't know who does. Chico and a man. 144. The Brady bunch 24. Maybe because they're a little bit. 3. Company 22. Mod 22. Greatest American hero 19. Levrenin's scorely 19. Different strokes 19. Beverly Hillbilly's 15. Soap 14. Don't drop it. Get that body wash. One day at a time 14. The Bob Newhart Show 14. Green acres is the play Eddie Albert he's dead. And if a divorce he's dead in the pitch probably dead too. Green acres 12. Dooks a hazard 10 with the lovely John Snyder. Alice 10. Room 2229. Facts alive too. Benson too. Mod 1 and Roto 1. Out of 15. Let me refresh that baby and we got 50. Oh nine. There's a little shock for it. They're a crisp. There was five a little. Chuck a five. But we can keep by increasing by five every time I clicked that little thing. We can do it. 1600. That's the good. 10. See that? I won't even look at it. Already increased. 15 or 13. Oh, the coming in and Trump's now. There responded to the old lady on a year. That's right. Old grandma says, when it down, pop those votes out. Let's get with it. Just make it up. Even if he never heard any of these shows or the theme song. Here we come. Happy. Happy. Let's. The cup of space. Come. Here we go. On the long cast of the. How long can see? And of course we were gullible and we were kids. But how long can see was about 90 years old. He looked like Donna I'm in those today. And can be haze with the beard was his side kit. And he was 145. So it's a little, I don't know, kind of like, pooster imagination a little bit. But back in the day, what do we know? We were sophisticated like these. He knew he wasn't watching us. He also knew I fancy when he was five. Sansy with the stars. Victorio C. What? That sounds like a man. Oh, yeah. That sounds really mild to my heart. Dr. Phil Derr. That was Richard Chable. And here Richard. Two fairway. Well, remember that the one of our my space ladies. She said she had a crush on Richard Chable and until she came on. Yeah, that was a slow. Apparently, how much of a genius session of the girl? He was a, just a. Filing queen. Medic. You know who is in medic Richard Boone and William Schatter. Medic. I way patrol was Roger and Brad Rick Crocker. Oh, I like this scene. This is a good one. Not on the floor. He's not on the floor. Everyone is sitting on the floor. Even that. You like it. I promise. I promise. I promise. Whenever the laws of any state are broken, a duly authorized organization swings into action. I'm right. It may be called the state police, state troopers, Malisha, the Rangers, or the Highway Patrol. Now, these are the stories of the man who's training skill and courage. I've enforced and preserved our state law. Wow. How are you? Here's the facts from Rick and West Palm Beach. Any chance you have the wikiting things on, not sure. Don't. We can't. I can never put that on here now. They could give you a little wiki, but they sure couldn't give you a little. And anyway. I'm not a wiki. I told you, this is a true story. You'd have to send in the box top from some serial or something like that and you're an animated rest. And it would send you back this plastic sheet of plastic that was covered that you put on the screen. This is a long before a color TV. And the top was blue like the sky. And the middle was pink, supposedly like flesh color. And the bottom was green like the grass. You did tell us that before. Yeah. And you'd put it over the screen. And then you had these crayons. You would like do stuff on it and crack like that. Anyway, it was a real show wiki. Then can you would Jackbury. He's dead. Didn't John Sebastian from Love and Swimful do the thing from welcome back. Carter. And is he dead? Yes. No. Oh, I don't think so. That's right. That's right. He's still dead. Okay. Relax. This is how our daily got a new curly wik. Now they call me an happy headed mole. Good. Thanks Rick. That's like that. Nappy headed mole. Don't don't don't don't don't don't don't. Right. Where's that key change again when I need it? Okay. Let me take a look and see if we got any shot. Let's do it. Okay. I don't want to be embarrassed and humiliated. Here. I don't want to go out like a clown. Like Howard Beal said. 1522. We need 78 votes in 37 minutes. And it's going to be a tall order. You know what I mean? Mm-hmm. Like if you ordered a bunch of flat jacks. 600 of them tall order. 1524 still. 76 votes. 37 minutes. That's more than two a minute. Just barely more though. Just barely mole. What do you think? I mean if you if we'd start getting them chunks like we did there for a second. See it still stuck on 1524. Then they're going to do it. Now they just not going to come through for us today. Damn it. 2010 these people. A lot of money. They've come through every other time in history. I do believe. I don't think we're going to. There is one day a long time ago we fell short. Right at the end of the show. We just came up a little bit show. Yeah. Of course I've been doing that a long time. So, don't be shook by your CCC motion let's go back up. If not, you'll give it a wake up. So, don't be shook by your AC on the Trend again. Okay. So, the Distab erro. Outsfield tomorrow. So, Afterwards, you will. We will normally start with this. Our Chicos cars are taken from the Top 10,au$197. He's busy. This is the doctor'smind. Are you going to tell this, tady I'll tell you a bit about the street. There will be a chance to make sure this Tampa vehicles are going to get in chess polar bridges under theenklan. And then on usually strongly, we're the editorial, the surveyatory of Romano, the surveyatory of Romano. She's very easy to say it, and I just make it confused, but it's got like a thing in there. The surveyatory of Romano said a present presenter of a televised media rock concert, which is sponsored by Alis Labrionians has launched Violet Tax on ProBedinic in front of an excitable crowd. Oh, they're getting excited, as those Catholics tend to do. They get excited, and then they reproduce like crazy, which the Pope is very happy about. This, too, is terrible, and he likes to watch. This, too, is terrorism. It's terrorism belongs to tax on the church, it's it. It's terrorism, this stoke blind, an irrational rage against someone who always speaks in the name of love, love for life and love for man. Oh, I bet he's got love for man. Me, too. Certain men. At the concert held a beer for you from the Saint John in Latter-in-Basilica, Rome's Cathedral where Pope Benedict sits his bishop. One of the presenters, Andrea Rivera spoke out against the pot of stand on number of issues. The Pope says he doesn't believe in evolution. I agree, in fact, the church has never evolved. He said, excellent line, Andrea. He also quit a sign, and what's happening for a guy is Andrea. He also could have signed the church for refusing the Eurekaflik funeral to pure George Eau wellbeing. A man who can't paint for youth in Asia's elite paralyzed with muscular vissteffy, he died in December after Dr. Greedu unplug his respirator. He unplug, he pulled a plug. I can't stand the fact that the Vatican refused to funeral for wellbeing, but that wasn't the case for Chile and dictator Augusto Pinnichet, or Spanish dictator Francisco Franco. We said, between music and laughter, you open air concert. Good, you go, Andrea. So he's kind of Andrea but Chile. There's another guy named Andrea. Yeah, I think Andrea would tell me. Well, maybe Andrea didn't see the way they struggled. Now it was very, very, very bad taste. It was tasteless. Like this, you always tasteless. Like for no ice cream. No more ice cream, man. You know something I didn't know problem. I have no problem right now. With that, anyway. 1530 votes, we need 70 votes, and 34 minutes. You can do it if you put your anose to it. Call her for follows. Still sucks. Ow! Good bye. Scooter, living, living, living, living, living, living, living. You out and secret egg and send a feel, then God will kill. Like the King of the Oradrises and his food. Can't pick your boyfriend in the truth. Looks like it's time for Smithy. I'd like to ask working under him. Run your vantage point. Does Jamie have a mole on his hand? That's good. Here we go again. I never will be a flanander. Always find a finger. And we'll never know how many agents died because of your gift. Ow! With love, no back and throw. Who will join? You, who. When you see yourself at Jamie, you could ask him why. His name. Rimes with ad. He's a new. 132 at 56, he WPM had gone up from 2 to 5. No Humper today. He's in a Louisville for the Derby Day. John's all joined us at 11 on the phone tomorrow. And we'll do our usual losing Derby picks. And then tomorrow morning, you attend. We got the ratings, baby. The winner book. Oh, that bonus money. You can smell it. It smells like good by me yesterday. Why didn't you just get out and move? Run away, Neil. Run away. 1543. This is going to be tighter than a which is your low man. This is going to be really tense. You think they can do it? We need 57 votes in 29 and 20 minutes. We got it. Get out of here. We got it. My ass. Well, where do you come up with such nonsense? 1543. I just clicked that view current baby on here again. And it's not moving a tick. No chunk. No lump. Look at I'm is again around CNN. Seriously. He looks like somebody from the petrified forest. He, like I, like, I've ever hung him with their man. It's here for a long time. Little that I realized how he's like a writer of how salt. How spot on I was. I keep clicking this thing. I don't see no chunk. The chunk on my lip. I think it came out of my left nostril. 1543. I think maybe we maxed out. They're letting us down. It's never, ever happens. Usually you can go look at that. Are you, are you, are you anything more now? No. I don't have anything less either. Oh, I was sad. What do you got Chris? 1544. 1544. There's one. Now, if that rate, we might make 1550. Now, we will now you will agree with me. We will go beyond 1550, right? Yeah, definitely. Although with this rate, I think 1550, maybe what they have in mind. We need 56 votes in 27 minutes. It's still like two a minute. Just a minute. Just a minute. 1545. There you go. There's somebody alive out there. 1545. 55 and 27. That's two a minute. Do the math. Maybe 54. 55. I mean, this is a prestige kind of a thing. It's an ego thing. That's that we have any ego on. It sure is. I sure is. Although it would be nice to see them come true like with flying colors. When we really extend the hand of the gland of friendship and say, come on. Get off your ass and hop on here. 1600. On the 1546. See what I'm saying? They're trickling in. Just a little bit of a trickle. WQAM. Hello. Yes. William Conrad did the narration for the bowling go show. And well as as well as a heavy or cop and or cop in the killers with Bert Lancaster. He was not doing on the radio and gun smoke. Right. That was that was oilier. I'm talking about the car going going rocky. Rocky and the walk the rocky and bowling goes so. Who's that to creature? That's for. What was that? Like in bowling. But it starts with that. 51 we need in 27 minutes. Oh, oh. In fact, I simply cut that. We've cut the racial down over the Hamiltonian. The racial down. 1560. WMR Marshall Michigan. I worked there. So long gone here. I worked in some stations. You're no longer on here. But that's the end radio. Maybe it's because I had less of the curse. Maybe it was the curse of old Neil or the curse of young Neil. 1560. Oh, no, it's 1550. 1550. 1550. I mean, we're not going to make it. Although we have 25 we need 50 votes in 25 minutes. It's exactly. Do the math or not even you can do it. What? You heard me. 1550. 1550. I don't know. I'll say it now. Maybe WCK. Well, I didn't sense an ante. Back in the day when you're AM radio at night time, especially at all these booming 50,000 odd signals coming in from all across the country. And you're radio is like your friend. Not today, you know, like your enemy. Back then it was like your friend. 32 AM hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Good. I'm on my way to American Express. Thank you. Okay. Let's go when you get there. It's right next to the Spanish steps. QAM hello. Hello. Hello. WQAM hello. You say everything's been blamed. Good. WQAM hello. I am. Yes. Have a shame. If you're glad, can I can agree with your request? First time you're calling, you're calling to ask for something. This is big too. I got a friend of mine told me about a bit that you play a call. It calls you up and you tell him something about these gay or something like that. Oh, yeah. And that call. Yes. It's first call. Today is first call. I do believe it's matter. Now maybe second. There was the one about the gay two gay guys talking about women. 15. 56. 24 minutes. 44 votes. You see how their ratio is coming. They're going to bring us right to the end there. And 15. 57. 43 votes in 24 minutes. You're almost saying that this was important when you. Almost the way I get all melodramatic about this and put on the big push. Yeah, like I really care something like that. I do care today. Not ordinarily. I don't. But today I just. I'm. I'm. Do you sure touch it? It's. With Robert Stack, why sure Miss Robert Stack don't you? And that trench coat. Mm hmm. She put on the bed. The fugitive. He got a fugitive. Who was in the fugitive? Richard Diamond. Okay. Richard Diamond. No. I forget his name. I mean they're not even a guy named that. That's not Richard Johnson. Richard Johnson. Richard Johnson. I think that was his name. Come on. Look it up. Yeah. Google it. I think you're. Who's Richard Diamond? I've never heard of him in my life. I think you know Dick Diamond. Let's see. The tight rope, Mr. Lucky Bourbon Street beat Peacellis, Blues, Asphalt, Jungle. Mr. Broadway. I never heard of most of his show. Yeah. And they could chance. And maybe. Richard Johnson. And what do I say was? Diamond. I think that was his name on the show. And some show he was in. The French chef. The French chef. Now with watching him who died. See the child. How the child that he. Oh, hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. I'm sorry. David Janceen. Where are we, Cooper. And what do you call that. Well, the narrator. 7 Jaden Lagerick. Christ. You're getting fatal. You're on cannon, comrade. David Jansen. Where are we? Three. And why? You're on cannon, cant-for. Are we. Turn around. Your. This. Well. That? Do you know. You. The. Or? On same this. Causes. play the whole thing. Like I said, we're not going to get to your George Fennelman, and that's really a shame. And they used to, I don't know whether he used to smoke on actual course for our show. We had the cigar he was puffed on, smoking on TV was very common back in the day. Not only they have cigarette commercials, but there are a lot of people who used to change smoke on ear. I'm trying to think of who some of them used to be, but I mean, this is smoke like crazy on ear. And that's kind of shock you now. No. Because I really think. Well they're not smoking what you are. 1562, let's see. What do you think Chris? 1565, this little chunk right there, 35 votes short, and we need to have 21 minutes. We got it. I think this audience is going to come through for us. And when they do man, it's going to be a spectacular moment. It's going to be like a radio orgasm. And man, it's going to be just phenomenal. You'll see. Holy makin' on. This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God. Well, it gets a would be nicer. Too test-peak clean for one day, but I don't want a good day without a tranquil feel. I take a daily dose twice. I'll share it in sweet sweet sweet. Don't want to be discovered me. So as you win my head like a pillow, I want to see when we'll all know when I've had it. You man, they said I especially win my face in the floor. Oh, why might we sometimes long from Trump's deep ocean? Can I get a man who's maybe in my physical body? Oh, I got to stay date. You're fairie. I got to stay date. You're fairie. Oh, I got to stay date. You're fairie. I got to stay date. To date. Okay, shake it and bake it. Maybe 1-45. Fifty minutes to go and we need 27 votes by what I'm seeing on here at a 1573-1575. Wow, there's I'm a second. Seriously, if you don't look at 145, this stuff that they're showing on CNN, he should have just been fired for being an old cout. I mean, I don't see anything while we're napping head of the hose. No problem with that, but just him, although he was making him a lot of money, that's the thing that I just don't get it, because it's just our whole business. They'll put you on if you're like a, you know, if you are dead, if they think it could sell a show, I wouldn't, I wouldn't be surprised if they got the orages show on after I croaked. No problem. You're dying on Monday? I'm begging for him. Didn't you die in Monday from? Let's not go back in there. Okay, we got to keep it straight now. But they'll they'll put it back. Yeah. Fifteen, 78, 22 votes in 14 minutes. So that's not even two a minute. I think we're going to come right down to the line. I think we're going to do it. Oh, man. A lot of people out there, especially if you haven't been listening a long time. You're thinking, what is this man getting all whipped up about votes on some stupid internet pool? Why is he all what? Because I can. Some are shining and say beautiful day man. So good to be in here. I'm leaving now. Let's see what they is. It Thursday. We got Thursday. We got tomorrow Friday, which tomorrow tomorrow is going to be an easy show. Well, it's going to be a, maybe not because the ratings come out. Right. The bad tomorrow 10 a.m. Oh, whoa. As Eric would say, is Eric still saying that? Whoa. I don't talk to my Eric. I was talking to yesterday. He went. Chris was talking to me yesterday. What did he say? What were you talking about? He was showing you how to set up trillion for the, uh, in show chat room thing. Are you hurting? Oh, he was giving some computer ass systems. Yeah, that. 1579, 21 votes in 13 minutes. You can do it. You can really do it. In fact, we really need them to do it a little faster than that. Because I can interrupt, you know, over the last or whatever we do, I'll just, you know, I'll keep you. The last break coming at 53 or whatever. 1583. Now, everybody poo pooed me. Chris said, oh, you're crazy. Fick on you. Is that what you said? You were just making fun of me at George Vows. That you were making fun of me. You were mocking the old queen a little bit. Yeah. It wasn't a George. It was mocking the old bird. Maki, he said, you're a maki. And I said, hey, don't know this antisemitic craft. You go ahead, your bastard. That's one thing about Chris. He's just, you know, he's oblivious to that stuff. Whatever that means, 1584, 16 boats and 13 minutes. That's really more than one minute, 1585. Maybe now they're coming through. They're playing that game. They like to play with my emotions. You haven't any idea what I'm talking about? Neither do I. 14 more. We got 1586. Well, I'm telling you, this will be one of the, I'm going to have them write this on my tombstone. I'll restart it to pull one about five weeks ago or something. That's not that big of a deal. Oh, he's an Andy. Can we actually play this? Yeah, we got to say that on the earlier one. We thought about it. No. Pay me a saying this. When I throw a can say, he and I'm sorry. I haven't passed on our show, baby. And by the way, your postperson is ready to break from that. I'm just sick. I guess today came out of a sick way. The mail doesn't pack anything. He's very welcome. I'm not just a specialist in that, but I made sure that I did it because they didn't really tell you why. I felt like hell, but I had to come down to this area of town anyway. So I did that. Well, I know pretend that you came in just for a moment. Just for no other reason. I got out of that. I just so I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. Oh, here's my favorite. Oh, this is good. When you get to be an old fart like me, you want to watch a lot. It's a well. You and my mom. Here we go. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Wonderful. Wonderful. Oh, you don't have something to stand free of your. If if chicken egg were if anybody may be brand and somebody can find me that recording. Wonderful. Wonderful by stand free of your own capital records. It was a take off on Lawrence. Well, it was it was pretty. It was me. I was. It was. It was. Wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. Lawrence, a mile. He's still there. The lemon. So, 15. 90. Baby, we are going to do it. Oh. Wow. And you get really old. You listen to Lawrence a while. Can you watch. So, you're still playing that kind of TV. There's a lot of love for the budget going. Yes. You know, it's not boring. It's for the essence because you're never going to get to it. Although it's just I took it again. It's still 15. 90. Don't leave us short. Right at the end. Oh, no. 15. 91. Marit. Fine. Oh, and I had that guy's room. But, but that's a deep voice. What was his name? Lawrence. Well, remember when I'm talking about the real deep voice. Larry something. Yeah. Larry. And I hated that show. There's James Browns. Live at the moment. They dug his ass up against James Brown. 14. 19. 62. Far one. Legendary of Hollow Feeer. That's way June 1st and 2nd. I should mention it. No, it's not 1st and 2nd. It's 14th and 15th. The funk brothers and Mary Wilson. The falls of you casino Niagara Falls. I just mentioned that because I know that everybody knows is obsessed. Like we are with that movie with that soundtrack. And with the other brothers. And they ought to be. And of course, who knows if they'll go and see him. 1594, we need just six votes in two minutes. And the reason I say two minutes, I want to get this nail down before we go into the last break. I mean, James Brown, the compare him to the Motown artist, it's just to me. It's just ridiculous. I mean, I don't know. I just didn't care for his crack. He was just a screamer in more ways than one. 1594, come on. We need those six votes. Let's get with it. Hop on it. I think we're pushing the envelope here today in terms of the audience. I mean, not that we don't have the crowd that we used to have, George. But 1595, there's another one. What do you got? Because you might think it. Huh? But I could click it just like you, but you know, but it still comes up to seems stupid as right. Well, pretend six, 96, 1596, we need full motors. How sharp them. See, they're talking about James Brown and right way they put out sharp enough. Now, can't they put out sharp enough? I'm talking about some white gives and don't I miss? Because how sharpens one of the worst black races ever. You ought to hear his radio show. They'll think it. In fact, I think his favorite song is Hunky Tone. Oh, you better watch yourself. How sharpens monitoring you. Yeah. Monitor this now. You far-bissing. So tenderly professional ethnic man. Everything is a racial issue. I feel sorry for I'm, you know, when you get to be old and gay, gray. I don't. Doesn't he have a lot of money? Yeah, I don't feel sorry for him at all. Anybody that's milked that he used to be good man. 100 years ago. He's all he is. You would have loved him, man. Really saw Reverend Billy Saw Hargis. He was a Reverend. He was anti-religion. Anti-religion. Religious fakers. You know, we need four more hosts and they're not doing it now. And what do you got? This came 1997. Fifty ninety seven. We need three more votes. And then we can go. Yeah. It's time. Let's go. I'm late. Uh-oh. That's your 59. I got. Wow. Wow. Wow. And it's 70's. It's 70's. There's no way in the middle of, I mean, May the third on a Thursday. Well, we did start yesterday. It goes to show if we start like two days ahead. You jack out. We can get a big number. Yes. We got it. There we go. We got it. 60, 0, 1. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. What can Slut to say? The God. Down and down and baby at the Children's Day. I heard the brothers down and they came here. What they had to say. I got a trailer full of extra tears. So we've been crossing the border yesterday. Now one small one. Shelby was caught. Hey, Clay. But one's in total. One's in green around the streets. I got a trailer full of extra tears. And back to the now. I could be rich. Made a single man risking the life. And they're the thought to now we're digging a ditch. Just to burn up an hour digging a ditch. And it's the one, but now we're digging a ditch. Well, once that is marked, we'll look for Walmart. We'll work out the same as digging a ditch. I saw the railroad all the way to the other side. So we've been crossing the border yesterday. We'll be digging a ditch. And then the road shall be filled with the same. So we've been crossing the border yesterday. And we'll be crossing the border yesterday. I saw the railroad all the way to the. We'll be digging a ditch. And back to the now. We'll be digging a ditch. And then the road shall be filled with the same. So we'll show up and hour digging a ditch. They can learn about the now we're digging a ditch. Let's go both up and hour digging a ditch. We'll be digging a ditch. We'll be digging a ditch. Soon the boat will be the old labor judge. We'll be the old for this before we go. Bye, bye, bye.