They're gonna do. Nice college boy, eh? They want to get mixed up in the family business. And now you want to go down to police, Captain One, cause you slap you in a face a little bit. Eh? What do you think this is? The army, where you shoot them a mile away? You gotta get a post like this. Don't think you've loaded brains all over your nice side of the league suit. Come in. Ah! You're taking a sparing person. If your tooth-based doesn't taste great, your kids don't brush long enough, which could lead to ugly tartar build-up. The solution? Regular checkups and rushing with new crost. The tartar control tooth-based lace with crack okay. Hey, shine almost done in there. Washington get the fashion! Crust is not only clinically proven, it's also highly addictive, so your kids will brush and brush and brush. And brush and brush and brush. God, really it's been 45 minutes. Fudgety and fluffy, fluffy, fluffy, fluffy. If you're not carefully, you're gonna wear those teeth down to little level. Oh god, no! Crust, huh? Oh, move on across. Hope your kids and I help you have it for life. Wushing with new crust with crack okay. Sure, I'm gonna be late for work now, but it's good to see billing brushing. Get out old man, this is a car jacking! Billy, what are you doing? I said out! Hey, Billy, you're going! God of all, I can't get more crust! New crust toothpaste, lace with crack cocaine. Recommended by nine out of ten drug addicts. I eat morons like you up for breakfast. Yeah. Well, I hope you don't get the latest suggestions, and we'll see you in the next week. Oh, she's too much. It's your favorite judge, Dishy. Yes, she is. Wonder she's a part of Punch and Judy. That's way before your time. I have no all about it. See some of the wonders of being really old and ancient like me. Oh, boy, my shoulder. Oh, my shoulder. Uh-huh. 10 out to a five, 60 WQM, it's a Tuesday man, Tuesday. Wonder if Bruce Williams is still alive. Don't hear nothing about him. I hope maybe he's dead. That's bad. I don't hope he's dead, but hey, I do. You know who that was? What's doing that guy? Yeah, what's doing? Oh, boy. Yeah, I'm going to call a lawyer. He used to do it. He used to stuff crap with a very funny, affected the voice. So what's doing? It's a Tuesday. No, I don't know who that is. Oh, good. Your manager too. We got the power hour with Henry Goldberg in the mad dog between four and five. Come down. Then we got the Hank Solo 5 to 7. The beast at BUC. What is that? The bank who you an edit center? Yes. What a good guess. 7 o'clock. What else could it be? 830. It's Kings Warma. It's the Kings. The Kings. Oh, brother. And then it's the of Kings of Virginia, New York basketball. And I'm going to clock with the clearance at a bunch of other overgrown children. And the Kings wrap up. And then we shut off the thing basically. Allegations at Senator Barack Obama was educated in a radical Muslim school known as him a drossa are not accurate to see it. And see, it didn't take more than five minutes after he announced he was a former Hitler spluratory committee and he's going to run. It didn't take more than five minutes before the right wing nut job started with the attacks. It's going to be really ugly and slimy. And maybe it'll blow up in their post we can only hope. You know what I mean? outrageous. Yeah, that's it. Insight magazine, which is owned by the same company as the Washington Times, he poured it on his website last week that associates of Senator Hillary Clinton had on earth information on the Illinois Democrat and likely presidential candidate that he attended a Muslim religious school known for teaching the most fundamental form of Islam, which is absolutely incorrect, sir. But to crap. Obama lived in Indonesia as a child from 67 to 71 with his mother and stepfather has acknowledged attending a Muslim school but said it was not in Madrasa. Insight attributed the information in his article on unnamed source who said it was discovered by researchers connected to Senator Clinton. A spokesman for Clinton who is also going to run, and I, as a campaign was a source of the Ovanaclan. He called the story in obvious right wing hitchhaw. Insight stood by its story in a response post that on its website yesterday afternoon. The inside article was said it several times Friday on such reliable places as Fox News and New York Post, Rupert Murdoch, the Glenn Beck program right wing not and CNN on the CNN headline news. The number of political blogs right wing lunatics. But reporting by CNN in Jakarta in Jakarta Indonesian Washington DC shows the allegations that Obama attended in Madrasa are false untrue absolutely incorrect. CNN dispatched CNN international correspondent John Vowse to Jakarta to investigate. He visited the Basuki school, which Obama attended from a 69 to 71. This is at public school. We don't focus on religion. They definitely had to mentor the Basuki school told him, and our daily lives. We try to respect religion, but we don't care for our entilt treatment. Vowse before they saw boys and girls dressed in neat school uniforms playing outside the school. While teachers were dressed in western stock clothes. I came here to Barack Obama's elementary school in Jakarta looking for what some are calling an Islamic would dress like the ones that teach hate and violence and Pakistan at Ganesda. He said on the situation room where the obnoxious world blitz for yesterday. I've been to those madrasas in Pakistan. This school is nothing like that. He said he also interviewed one of Obama's Basuki classmates, Bunbug, Wendaganto, who claims that there are not a lot of change at the school since the two men were pupils. Inside reported that Obama's political opponents believed the school promoted Wahabiism. A fundamentalist form of Islam are seeking to prove Wahabi. Yeah, Wahabi. Yeah, a lot of other crap. All that illiterate garbage. It's not an Islamic school. It's general he said when a dead gen toe said, there are a lot of Christians, but it's also confusion so that's a mixed school. The Obama described Fox News broadcasting of the inside story of Paulingly irresponsible, unacceptable, unacceptable. Feelable to end that too. Fox News executive Bill Shion told CNN reliable sources anchor Howard Kurtz who really hurts. That's some of the networks host were simply expressing their opinions and repeatedly said as the source of the allegations. Obama has noted in his two books, Dreams from My Father and the Audacity of Hope, that he spent two years in the Muslim school, another two years in the Catholic school, while living in Indonesia from age 6 to 10. So there's all that's the old smear and smear, and you thought swift voting was something that you ain't seen nothing yet. Am I right? Is there any old murder? His middle name is Oshan! Let's get him out. Okay, let's see. Here's our pull from yesterday, 1339 votes. Not all that impressive, the totalness because we had that late star, but we did mags to sweep over what was it, a lot of hundred during the show wasn't too bad. It wasn't embarrassing and humiliating and degrading. Who poses a greater threat to the human gene pool? Neocons, 420, it can there be any doubt about it? No doubt. Of course. Well, now I've got a new side. You've got a new side. You've got a watcher. You've got to be a judge. You're a beauty. Right. Just keep by hitting. What the hell was that? I don't know. Good. I don't see me by that. Right. Okay, get up. Neocons, 420, it the average American idol, if you were 340, people watched poker on TV 132, if you like your poker. The average American idol contest in 102, myspace.com members 97. The average WCN sports your color 89. The average Neorodio show color moved up after they heard the show yesterday 76 and is over the show. And I hate this pool 75. That was the biggest yesterday. Here's the deal today. And well, I'm telling you the polls are pouring in from the audience. We've got them really well-trained now. We've got a potty train. I love that. Other than the government, who is effing you the hardest right now? My property insurance company. That's was my vote. I'm not too far in the end. Of course we got that bill that they passed yesterday. Let's hear it. Oh yeah. It might say if it he said. I property insurance company 249 wins hands down your pants. The oil company is 127. My health insurance company 82. My employer slash ball 79 is sticking to me. Had a wonderful friendly call from us, well, if you Joe Bell yesterday, he peed all over my leg. I had a change in my underwear 14 times. About the ratings and about the beat, but it would probably be about edaboy Joe. I don't do it again. The media 46, my power company, which only of course could be Florida Plunder Reload 38. My spouse 36. I wonder what George voted for. Hmm? I hate this full 35. My homeowner's and or condo association 30. The end to the rent the end to his. My drug dealer 27. Well, maybe that's what George voted for. No drug companies 26. My girlfriend or boyfriend 19. My cable slash satellite is provided 19, which by the way we better not say that we don't have our satellite working a QM. That would be embarrassing. There would be like a technical disaster. Right. My bank 12. My internet service provider 12. My credit card company 11. My kids eight. My preacher slash rabbi slash clerics slash other schmata head. Four. Getski. My doctor. Four. Or plural. My real term three and my stock broker. I don't think they will know how to eight ninety eight. But if you refer to that again fat, so you might have 900. What do you think? I refer to it and what is it got? It's got the 900. Well, boy, that is amazing. I better leave right now and head for woodbind. I'll see you later. Maybe find me a good machine man. Is that an incredible or why? Maybe we'll take some really good calls today. What do you think? WQAM hello. Yes. I want to vote. I want to vote. I want to vote on why? I want to vote on the. On the poll. Yeah, well, fine. You're still computer somewhere. Okay, and vote online. We don't like votes on the phone. Are you for him? Stop at the library and. Stop at the library. Okay. Well, it's just to stop at one of those, you know, best buy. I want to place like that. And still a computer and go, I hope it up. Has somebody look it up for you. He wants to hold on the poll. Oh, boy, I thought you're going to take a lot of really good calls someday. Not soon. Don't get carried away. All 527 polling places open on time. His day voters began the final day voting on the strunger referendum today. One voting sentence. And they'll suffer to power out of the six 30, but open a schedule to seven using a generator and computer backup equipment according to elections supervisor, Lester Sola electricity was restored by seven 30 he said. If approved, the changes today's charter would give Mayor Carlos Alpharized broad power over day to day operation of these fraud and county government. He would be able to hire in Far County manager and directors in most of the bureaucracy 66 departments including the airport, the seaport, the police and housing agency. Any show up at your home and his bathroom with three o'clock in the morning pounding on your door. Alpharized is the change of make up and accountable for a single county wide elected official who would take the size of actions to fix problems. Opponents, including all 13 county commissioners say the planned would vest way too much power in a single elected official. And on underhanded mayor there, you could appoint Cronis to top jobs. Steer contracts to favor businesses and steer services to be word upon a particular neighborhood's. If approved this time, your charter would go into effect as soon as you'd like to certify probably next Monday. So in other words, just what you needed is a dictator when they county. Is that what they need? I'll show you later. No. Not a good idea. But anyway, hey, listen, I don't want to start because I'm a brown guy anyway and I'm also a Toronto guy. I got nothing to do with your local local politics. Well, think about software politics, man. Really, really interesting in this sighting. Not. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no. Problem is fast. You play. Spread them and say cheese. On the next inside you. Oh. Jax. Down here. Oh, honey. Why the promotion in the raise? Sure. We have an opening for you in power. Oh, no, thanks. I'm with you. Get me a. I'm offering you more money in your own office. I don't know. I might get to be on the old will. I've got toys. What? I've got candy. Uh-huh. Okay. Good. Good meal and start tomorrow. Okay. Well, I feel so good about myself today. Imagine that. Very nice. Well, here it is. Guess I'll start getting set up here. Hey, dude. Why do you think I don't have a power? Reporting for work in my new office. Your office. This is my office. Get out. I said get out of my office. I got it. No. This is what I have to do. This is what I have to do. Hey, George. George. Okay. Down here. Oh, honey. Want some candy, little boy. All right. Woo. Heavy duty. 10 17 at 5 60 W to Q AM. Q AM, hello. The fire. Get out. Good. Well, that's what you're the second time. Yeah. It was really good. Turn that a little bit louder. Open up the windows of the whole world. Can hear it. Okay. We get him on 80. If you would keep doing that. We got 930 votes on the full. We'll do 1000 before the hours out. In this horseball kind of a town. That's pretty amazing. Listen to me. Just calm down. 5 6 7 0 5 60. How 5 60? And the horizon and singular wireless line. We've got a melt content in highly out there who is decided that he's going to do him. He's going to keep sending me message in my space and tell me that the show blows. And if we had better production values, whatever the hell we have. We have no balance. We are taining. And how come we don't have any guests and Baba Booey and which makes it a real big mystery is to what that where he's coming from. Okay. Get all life you pathetic. This is probably one of those guys who does the limbo rock and the tea rooms at Westland. God. Give me a break. It's so typical soft 40. You don't like to show what that you do on our damn my space page. What are you doing on our website? What are you doing in our lives? Okay. What are you trying to tell us? I have no right. We don't have this for you. We understand that. How come you guys have no guests because guests are. Boring. No kids narrow cast. Do you like to do in sports sockets the same thing. You're immediately eliminating like the overwhelming majority of the audience out there who are in sports nerds. Our guest today is Heinemannu. You know, I think back to those awful embarrassing days when I did that crap. God was that bad. I'm not that the worst of my people who came in and tried to pedal their crap, whatever they were peddling before it was bad. Bad radio. WQA and hello. Yes sir. I thank you. Thank you. Well thanks for all the drama. Thank you sir. I don't have much material but I just wanted to thank you for the great show and the raining of course. That was a great experience there by Josh. That was great. And lastly, if I can request. Next year. Pleasant. Okay. Have a great day. He was right here at number two. Hey listen, she is whatever you need. Look at a power choice. Okay. She's got it. 939 votes on the full and judge duty is just some local this morning. WQA and hello. Hey, hello. I said, George had already about some kind of a pole being held at a library. What is it about? And which library is it? The one right next door to you, Schmock. It's a Schmock pole. Right. Oh, brother. Tripper. Oh, that's way. I'm just going to do that the whole four hours day. Hello, my lips micced. I expand a little bit. That would not be good. Not be a good thing. Oh, hello. 939 votes on the full. Not too shabby. Like I said, we'll have probably the 1000 by the end of this hour. But as you present, anybody go watch that. Stead the onion tonight. Absolutely not. I wouldn't pay that if you watched that. If you paid me by the second and paid either. Do anyone do that? Yeah, actually I would like to do something about it. And that is ever recall. Let's have a recall election. Also, notice an impeachment in Congress when that bigger. Let's start the impeachment right now. A big good on the day of his day of the union. We're just just to put a little extra pressure on Georgie. Maybe he'd fart a lot up there. Or maybe he even dropped a load in his pantaloonies. Can you see the look on Cheney's face? Oh, oh. WKWN. Hello. Hey, it's produce man here. How you doing? Okay. What are you going to produce? What are you going to do? They try to sell beef steak tomatoes out there that haven't grown up. This is that guy. Get out of here. Man, is this guy boring or what? They're going to start with the son of the answer about how they're gouging people. Nobody cares. Okay. We take your beef steak tomato and sit on that dome. Okay. Take it to beef steak chart. Yeah. Making take a couple of little. A little. A little tomato. Characters. Yeah, tomato cherries. And stick them right in the mood. No, no. Good substitute for Roy's man. Wow. The produce man. Talk about a all vacuum a place a place. They get on once and they say something that was boring the first time and then it come back with a same old crab. Don't ever call the show again. Okay. Don't do it. What a big attention. Yeah. Idiot. God. Okay. What's this you just fang? CDC advisor rested for men's women's in an all. A prominent public health expert who's atop advised that a federal health agency was arrested on suspicion of public indescribable for his behavior and airport men's room. Not a good idea. Dr. Hugh Tillson, 67, was arrested January 16th at Hartfield Jackson and landed in a national airport. After a plane's closed policeman said he saw Tillson masturbating at a year and a while watching other men urinate. Tillson is an esteemed leader in the public health world who's advised the government on industry and health outcomes. If the evidence based health policy and public health preparedness. That's here. He co-op. He co-opstered an influential 88 into the medicine report on the feedstream of public health and U.S. and his a professor at the University of North Carolina's public health leadership program. Wonderful. Know's Miss Foley. Tillson has recently coached a task force advising the Atlanta-based federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on setting agency priorities and goals. He was visiting Atlanta last week for a senior leadership retreat with CDC director Julie Geverding and others. A CDC spokesman Monday said if agency officials are just learning his arrest, the agency had no comment because it's a long force and matter said the spokesman Glenn Noak. Tillson could not be immediately reached for comment as UNC officer while in North Carolina home or through his University email. It would charge with public indies and see a city code violation consider of less consequence than a misdemeanor according to a police report. It is less it is common for people convicted in Atlanta city code violations to face fines no more than a grand or some former community service. He posted a $500 bond was released but I have to return to the United next month for a court appearance and hopefully will not be peeing next to anybody else. I need to like that. I got a little bit excited. You got a little bit to carry it on. We've got a college ice. 950 votes on the poll. Who is effing you the hardest these days? And it doesn't even feel good. My property is licensed insurance company which is good lead in this story a little bit more on what we had yesterday. Vortious president success 39 percent failure 55 percent according to a brand new CNN opinion poll right now a bunch of retards. It should be 99 percent failure and 1 percent you know he's like his role doesn't family. Legislators passed plan promising 10 to 55 percent cuts in property insurance rates. I'll look unanimously. The Florida legislature yesterday voted to give homeowners a break from serving property insurance premiums. Promise in rate cuts between 10 and 55 percent on the hurricane coverage. What a pay attention. Soft Florida home and condo owners who have paid among the highest rates they write are expected to see some of the biggest reductions but the rate relief will depend on where they live and they're insurers. George. Republican Governor Charlie Gay, Chris who pushed legislators during the seven day emergency session for meaningful rate reductions statewide. Since signals he would sound the legislation in the law and committed Republicans and Democrats for reaching the final compromise. It's amazing to see what you can accomplish when you don't care who gets the credit crystal legislators. Hey Charlie. You're fairly. They said it couldn't be done but you did it. You did it. I would have taken Samson was in the crowd. Poll motors including condo residents, condo commando should see price rates when their policies be new in the next several months. Businesses will also see some relief although not as much. Under the plan approved rates will fall by on private insurance to buy cheaper insurance from the state and requiring that they pass along the savings to the consumers to you, Porsche Lepers out there who are getting raped. The house was first to approve the broadband 167 page compromised finalized during marathon weekend negotiations passing at 515 p.m. by vote of 1162. Solument they dose. The Senate followed 14 minutes later with a 40 to nothing vote. All software legislators vote in favor of the package. Approval came on the final day of the session. I want to watch for our thought about that package. A critical thing on the final day of the session called to address the state's property insurance was. What did I just say? Which are threatening to face the riddings out of their homes because of double and triple and digital insurance premium increases. We tried to stop the bleeding. Senate banking and insurance committee chairman Bill Pozi of Rockledge said, but we don't claim the bill is perfect and we don't claim the work is done. Although no hurricane made landfall last year in North Florida, the insurance companies have land skyrocketing rates on the disastrous hurricane season to 2004 and 5 when 8 storms include and Katrina ravaged the state. Katrina was really bad when wasn't it for at least some of us. Am I right? Yeah, I forget. It was Wilma. Katrina was a real for us. If we hadn't passed the bill, we had been in terrible shapes. Senate Democratic leader Steve Giver of Hell and Dale Beach. The economy of the state was grinded to a halt. So it is a little bit of a leaf for you. And another good enough probably to stay in Florida. It's a bad idea if you think about that. What is the first off? Can you tell us what is the first off gave me a therapist can do it? Well, thank. Sure, should we make some to me? Why not? The therapist saw what? Mark? My mother's calling. The first off gave man's mother. Well, that's sweet. 26 past 10 at 5.60 WQAM on a great Tuesday man. It's a yesterday was a corner turner. Like land a turner was kind of a corner turner or Glen turner. You still don't know who Glen turner was with the herald. There to be great. Who? There to be great. Good. I experienced a difference in Mercedes-Benz of Pompeto and because Mercedes-Benz Pompeto does make any difference. What time of month you purchase a vehicle? Whether it's one of the brand new 2000 Mercedes-Benz luxury sedans. The 2007 GL class. The first Mercedes-Benz full size SUV or their large selection of certified pre-owned cars. When you choose Mercedes-Benz of Pompeto, you've got over 200 employees working their brains off. That it came to pride in you and comparable service. The proud sponsor of the 2007 official players and celebrity Gailath. They decoded the design set of the America's Dini Beach on February 2nd. Go to Super Met that Comfort details and put it to your chance to register to win a 2007 CLK 350 convertible courtesy of Mercedes-Benz of Pompeto. The event benefits the United Way of Brown is open to the public. Again, go to Super Met.com for details. Call 1-800 new bands. Any WBENZ. You'll find them at 995 in Copens Road. That's 1-800 new bands for Mercedes-Benz of Pompeto. A Mercedes-Benz deal like no other you've ever seen in your life. Neil. God. Absolutely. Who was present at your run? It might be fun. I get gonna give a try over up who you make the voters run. I use the one. Will we both have a black guy? Oh, mama. We're ever separate. Keep them tough. It may be his type. On his name, sound like he's an hour guy. My, my, my, my, my. Whoop! The Baroque Obama. The Baroque Obama. The Baroque Obama. The Baroque Obama. The Baroque Obama. He's the man. I told you that first you heard it right here on a world famous deal Roger show. And of course back in school now, that wasn't an extra I just read. But where did you see the thing about in school he was known as Barry? It was on that video, you know, that story that you read had some links. Yeah. And you could click on it to see the taste or the actual school and the interview. It was a song by Link Ray. Who an instrumental? Link Ray. I don't know. I'll look it up. It was really good. I've actually chickened it. What it was. But anyway, so it had some links in in school. He was known as Barry. Right. The interview to guy that went to school with him. And of course, Fox News is probably going to report that Barry rhymes with. You're fair. Like that. So they're going to come up with all the angles. They're already like shooting with all all all barrels. Out of control. Rupert Murback and a bunch of Neocon lunatics right wing. Fancy. He says. Link Ray and rumble. Is that it? Was that the song? Rumble? I don't know. I don't know. How are we spelling Link Ray with the K and the K and the K? How many ways did it just spell Link? Just think that. Huh? L I N K. And I was either I think W R A Y. Maybe I think that's how you spelled it. I don't know. Wait for that. You got one? I got no link Ray. Well, let me look it up on my book. No, that's not what I said at all. Link Ray. And the Rayman. Link Ray and the Rayman. What a memory. And of course, there's nobody not in his idea. What I'm talking about. You know what? That's why that's one of the reasons to show us so in enticing. Link Ray and his Rayman. Rumble and Rahaid. All right. And Rumble. This is bigger hit. It was number 16. This is 1958 and 59. For you must be really old Neil. 58. Well, I was a teenager. Hiding deep in the closet. But in any way. The founder of the girls gone wild videos was sentenced to two years probation and two hours of comming the service for violating federal laws, design of a lengthy sexual exploitation of liners. Joe Francis 33. Don't know what of these can do our lean Francis. Also, as he ordered yesterday, pay a half a million dollar fine. As part of a plea deal, he made with the West Department of Justice in September. When he pleaded guilty to failing to document the ages of young women and thorn engaging in sexually explicit acts in the tapes. Under the deal, under the deal, Francis acknowledged he included footage of two drug and underage girls shot and floored in the videos. And every guy who's listening right now says, well, where do I get those? I'm not getting it in my copy. You have one? Several. I don't believe him. Francis said he was targeted because the government needs to make an example. If he investigated me for five years, this is the best they could come up with. He'd be sad. Last month, a federal judge in Florida ordered Francis's Santa Monica Bay's company, an intro filming is paying $1.6 million fine for featuring in his videos. Two 17-year-olds who were filmed on Panama City Beach during Springbreak in 2003. If he asked me, 17-year-old enough, if it's close, you know, 18-17's close. Francis in the company's three-top offices were ordered to perform eight hours of community service monthly for 31. But third of a man! The man's her husband has appealed. So there you go. I put on probation. They see, oh, he'll go on bananas. Oh, sorry. Not interested, sir. Okay. Well, that's not what I heard. Other than the government who is effing you the hardest right now, that's our pull. We got 9709 votes and we'll have over 1,000 by the time the little man hits the big hand on big ban at the top of the hour. 981 is a matter of fact. Boy, this is a really good sign, you know? It's always a show that punk and higher league, that's given me, you know, and I thought I really care, but it's just so typical to me. The first last week we had the notorious number one Ojo on Provocator and Software, the self-appointed, the self-designated driver of decency and humanity, who's just having an nervous breakdown about my sex life, which believed me there ain't much. But every time I talk about anybody, whether they're like 18 or 118, oh, yeah, well, it'll life you've more than a little. I have that last week and we had the block thing on there and now we got another mouth content who also is unhappy on it. And I've already gotten about half of those messages from him. Yeah. Why did you have a really one and all? He's a programming me if he's another expert. He's a 23 year old punk and higher league. Of course, if you were 23 and higher league, you'd probably be pretty peored about it too. I would. If I was 23, I wouldn't be in higher league. Well, that's my point. The one of the first places I would. Well, many moons ago was in high league leagues, right next to the high school, high league's, high league's, high league's, whatever it is. Yeah, I don't know. And of course, I got confused because all the streets in high league had two numbers on it. You know, 49, 300, 300, 300, yeah. I thought, what kind of a bogus places this and I got that a lot of it? Other than the government, who is effing you the hardest right now? My property insurance company 274. But it relieves on a way someday. You believe it? Well, the oil company's 144. And isn't it amazing how the price of oil has dropped dramatically, and yet the price of gas is still, they're still gouging. And the still, you're still getting ripped at it. Well, it has dropped. Some. Or, you're going to start with that Republican propaganda crap. Is that what this is now? No, I'm pressing my own out of my own pocketbook. I'm seeing that it's like, you're a little... I can't control your pocketbook, whatever. Oh, my god, he carries a pocketbook. He takes that credit. I don't talk a period of 11 down the street for regular. Please pocket pull with it. My employer boss 87. I can't hear his word that George is saying by the way. It doesn't exist. I know. My employer's last boss 87, the media 48. My power company, Florida Plunder, Lute 42. What a fabulous job they do of raping and plundering. And looting. My spouse 39, George. I mean, this full 37, a mere 3.7%. My drug dealer 33. My homers, I end her condo association 33. The drug company's 28. Oh, yeah, gouge. gouge. My cable size satellite disprovider 20. My expos, uh, contribain partner 20. My credit card company 19. My girlfriend of boyfriend 19. My bank 14. My internet service provider 12. My kids 9. My doctor. 5. Hello, doctor. 5. Got the little lipstick. My doctor. 5. My realtor. 4. My preacher. 5. My preacher. 5. How come it is that an Italian and Sponial Uno is, you know, number one. And then after that, they had to like go into combat. What can they bring? They got separated. If everybody would just be clever like, which are like, right, then the world would be a much better place in which to live. That's below me. I do like her looting. Oscar Myers matter. Fact. You fry it. I don't think I ever did that. Fried balloon. I've heard of that. But you only weigh like it anywhere. Fried ballooning. Sure. What do you put on it? Oh, the same thing. It's just, you know, it's hot and fried with crispier. Hot and fried. You can put cheese on it, you know, ballooning cheese. I'll fry cheese. I'll fry cheese. I'll fry cheese. Yeah, maybe I'll play that again someday, but I doubt it. 21 before 11 at 5.60 WQA. And don't forget that big kids basketball game tonight. Everybody in South Florida is going to be camping around the radio. Just like back in the old, hockey night and Canada days, 100 years ago. I wonder if we got, let's see. So they all start game, which is really a disaster. We're going to be doing it right now. We're going to go, I keep going. Two, three, new jersey doubles drafts. They're going to arrive. Let's hear it for those boring New Jersey doubles. Any fish? I got excited to come to you. But there's Joe Thornton, OK, ugly. Go on. Go on. Go on. Can I. On Fox. The American Idol. Yes. Star. George Bush. The Hoon. The Hoon. The Hoon. The Hoon. The Hoon. The Hoon. The Hoon. The Hoon. The Hoon. The Hoon. The Hoon. The Hoon. The Hoon. The Hoon. The Hoon. The Hoon. The Hoon. The Hoon. The Hoon. We don't get food again. It's food, we can't your food again. What do you think of me? It's just his table, dude. Don't sing ever anymore. Don't sing. Nice, nice, nice. Thanks. You know that the Hoon weather parvads. Not until you serve this thing because you've been to the New FORWIT over the whole year. I have never ordered torture. But American item in I don't think he is torture. I'll say to that we haven't put the government on there. One of our correspondence here on my space is Jeff. He says well, I thought that was the question other than the government. What is other than the government? Yeah, that's exactly what I forgot about that. He almost yeah, other than the government. And I didn't make this pull up on our list of did. So don't be starting a big tennis with me, Jeff. Okay, whoever the hell you are. He says that some cost a thing like well, ever than you not bothered by the government. I'll say the government would be number one. So what's the point of putting it on there? That's right. We won. A thousand three votes, 1044. And we got a thousand trick. I think that means that we can do this the whole rest of the show now. That's what you're available. In this loop, what do you think? That's good. Look at it. Look for you. Listen to me. How long are you? Five. I will send you. I will send you. Listen to me. I like this. The judge Judy Scenie. Oh, for all your screeners out there. A thousand three votes. Yeah, you're right. Other than the government. And the very first words and the polls. The other than the government. And Jeff have it like somebody didn't read that part to him. Maybe somebody agreed to Jeff and you'll finally get the. You'll get the hang of it. Maybe somebody will just come at the same rope to use for some. And it's too much. But I want to use the same rope. Because you know, things are a little bit tight. And I racked the. No pun in turn. That I'm sure. Five six seven. Oh five sixty. Pound five sixty in the Verizon singular. Wireless line. W to Q a M. Hello. Oh, yes, sir. I've been living four for seven years. And I've only one six days without power. Yeah. So I'm a big fan of FPL. I don't understand a big problem with them. I mean, you know what? There's always got to be one there's probably some people about a catch to the burqillus is to want to probably people would like to have malaria and very very. Still ever so that movie did you all fall down with even recently. And Brandon will and Warren Bady and Carl Maldon correct. All fall down. It's a depressing. You'd like it though. I mean, you're like it's pretty. I'm listening. I'm like depressing movies. My, uh, my depression cup run it over. Really. It's more than depressing. I don't think the children's in it. Hey, Brandon. Yeah. All of that. He still did. Geez. That is really a shame. When somebody ugly dies. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. It's. But when somebody who looks really good dies, oh, what a shame. What a you know. That's a very sad thing. But that's that. See, it's not just me. See, everything that was only me and I just because I'm a dirty old man. But it's everybody. Most people feel much more, uh, yeah, if it's a stranger. Yeah. I mean, obviously, it's something in the family different story. Mm-hmm. But if it's a stranger, and they see the picture on TV, oh, what a beautiful girl. I mean, she would have been so young. And if she was ugly and had like a nose where her ears supposed to be, uh, I, I, I, I co-hears. She had to come in anyway. W to Q a M, hello. Well, this is on definitely slow cooked to let it today. Q a M. Hey, you're going to be a how you doing. Pretty good, sir. A few minutes ago, you were paying a plane at a bit, uh, caveman commercial. Yeah. A few weeks ago, you were asking about a lady from the Godfather movies for the name of Talia Shire. So the name of Talia Shire, I'm going to ask him about Talia Shire. They haven't seen her around in a while. Yeah. She's the therapist in the commercial there. Oh, she is? That is her. Boy, how the mighty his parents mentioned something from the Godfather to a guy called, I thought it looked like her, but I thought, I can't be telling her. That is her. It would be making these commercials. Wow. Her with that's how she used to look in the rocky movies with the glass. Yeah. That is her. Ever. Give an order like that again. Good day, sir. Thanks a lot, Palin. Don't ever give an order like that again. Let's give really Godfather intensive, you know? And the good news for me is I haven't watched any of it in quite some time now, so. Maybe I'll just leave the gut. Take the could only. We did that poll a long time ago. I still think it's a really good poll. Who's your favorite character from the Godfather movies other than other than Don Corione, of course. Right. I mean, you don't want one. I mean, he would be too obvious. I say, other than government who is effing you the hardest right now. I have to we were just discussing it. It's sunny. He's a riot. He's a panic. Centino. Yeah. He's a peep. He's a peep. He put a brain to all me and I side bleak. He is so good. He's really great, especially when he's a beaten carloader with this. He's really interesting thing about him. No, and this is very sad for somebody like me who's not become like I told you one day wake up and you're no old fart. But he is so different now, like even in misery, you know, with candy baits, which is a great movie. But he's like like a beaten that old man. You know, like he is. I know he's 100 years old. Jesus, but he's like a beaten that old man. You know, like he is. I know he's 100 years old. Jesus, and back in Godfather, he was like full of it. You know? I don't think you put a brain to all me and I side bleak. So then and bigger. Exactly. Or whatever goes with them. Yeah. I'm sure we can't see on here. What is big? Now where's the thing where he says, uh, oh, no, that's not it. Oh, here it is. You're taking a spare equation. Every line he said in there was just a spectacular. Of course every line from the movie is like, it caught up when I should listen. Right. Yeah, that was guilty and more. Is that recall? I'm a super spacious man. Yeah. I'm a someone like the accident through the fall and if he should get shot on that by a place officer. Oh, baby, you should hang on some of this jail cell. If he struck a bolt of lightning. And I'm like a brain, so I'm going to screw him in this room. And then I do not forgive. And then I do not forgive. Wow. What a memory, huh? See the old man has lost lots and maybe. What? I said, that's an easy one. Well, it isn't easy when you're right about that. WQA and Godfather line, hello. Good morning, no? Yes, sir. I'd like to cast a little bow to that for it's Sally Tethio. But only if you can get me up the hood for all time sick. Can't do a belly. I was just going to have because I think it's a great thing. If when the Humphor does all this super ball stuff, if you could super impose some of your little bits over it. And I think that would make the super ball a great thing. Have a great day. Okay, thank you. I have no idea what he's talking about. The Humphor is going to be doing a super ball thing. Next week. See, we have some stuff going on here on the station. I don't know what it's all about. I would ask George like we have some contest going on, which, uh, but then he has to be laughing because he doesn't listen to the rest of the station of on this fourth segment. It's not on either because I'm certainly not going to come in here and spend my very valuable time. The time I could be spending I aming people out there. Oh, man. I thought that this internet thing was chatting was, you know, it was pretty far out. But I'm going to tell you the instant messaging thing. Oh, rather than that, that's worse than crack cocaine. That's like sugar. Sugar. It's a dick thing. And you sit there and all of a sudden you realize the hours are going you by and bap bap bap bap bap bap bap and back and forth and becomes like a contest. Like who's going to throw in the towel first? Brandon. And I'm sorry. I just, uh, last night I got, I finally, I think that's my first defeat online, you know? In terms of that, I am content because when you're full of it like I am, but it just reaches the point after about four or five of our horrors. This is a ho-ho-ho. It is wicked, baby. It really is. Of course you're not in there. That you have time for that crap. Yeah. WQA in hello. Oh, and we, uh, and very poor. Usually you've got that, uh, so- Oh, I, you know, very weak today, very weak effort. Try to get in the tomorrow. WQA in hello. I need a house going. Okay, sir. My toilet overflowed this morning. What do I do? Stick your head in, okay. Stick your head in the middle and then hit the other thing again. Yeah, hit the flusher again. Shmuck. Now there's that guy in highly. I'm sure that was him. I totally hangs out in the tea room. He does the limbo rock under the installs. WQA in hello. I'm the meat factor, guys. They're trying to sell them. Oh, not to be confused with the produce guy. The meat packer guy, all right. Yeah, you're the packer, all right. I'm so I heard. WQA in hello. Hello. Uh-huh. WQA in hello. Who are you? Put me in the well. You here. Now chance. Shmuck. WQA in hello. QA in. Not there. What a shame. That was going to be a really good call to Kenish Malat. I would have to flavor the aroma of a really great call. QA in hello. Yeah, it's not all meat. My ball of it. Okay, good. Well, stick them in your back dome to what happens. This is the intelligency. By the way, if there's anybody from Lauderdown visiting, because it is the middle of the wintertime up north. Anybody in South Florida right now visiting? This is the intelligency and the cream of the crap of South Florida, which would be a really good lesson to you, a good message. Do not even think about extending your life into that to sesqual, the outdoor sesqual known as South Florida. Don't even think about it. Because this is what we get. This show I've told you this for a hundred years now. It's a mirror of South Florida. You don't say it's like a mirror image. And that is absolutely correct. Come we do it on that pull. There's no stop on us now on here. We got a thousand and thirty two vote already. Other than the government, who is effing you the hardest right now? That is, you know, not literally, of course. We don't want to get too personal, but at any rate. My property insurance company 287, the all companies are in 50. My health insurance company 93. My employer's tax boss 89. The media 53. My power company F.E.L. But I would talk about a set of college. I'm up before he's got stock, you know, 45. I love a P.L. I've only had 60. Yeah, a power two by today was one of them. My spouse 40, I hate this pull only 37, 3.5%. My homeowner's end or condo association 36. My drug dealer 34, the drug companies, but third man. My credit card company 24. My cable size satellite this provider 22. My ex spouse concubine partner 22. My girlfriend of boyfriend 19. Maybe both. My bank 19, 50. My internet service provider was doesn't. My kids nine. My realtor five. My doctor is five. My preacher rabbi has said it before and my stock broker only one out of 1032. I was thinking I just don't know me. The hallmark was the name of that condo commando place in Hallendale. The hallmark. Okay. I was thinking about a show I did on speaking of having guests on on W. Just news a hundred years ago and was live from the hallmark than he arrived your show. And I'll never forget it as long as I live. It was so typical all the old yentas. And I had the doctor bill bill blanks from F.E. you on your professor of criminology and Marvin Dunnan and so a couple of other local activists. It was like a heavy, heavy, topical show you know back in the days when we used to talk of people older than death. And this is big crowd of old blue hairs out there sitting in the audience and they're like a crack to be gasping. We're talking about racial Asians in South Florida and the relationship to race and crime. And what whatever was all about? Usually much a crap. And during a break about an hour of the show, the sales person comes to me and she says, you've got to change the topic. The audience doesn't like the topic. It's the ratings. Yeah. The audience doesn't like the topic. The old blue hairs. It's too serious. It's too heavy. The audience doesn't like the topic. I said the chance of my I've got all these people here these guests. I'm in the middle of a show and you're telling me to change the topic. I said get lost. Get out of my face. You idiot. You do fair right. Well, guess what? It came noon. Or whatever the whole time. Wasn't all of a sudden here comes the free food way in the back of the room. I have a table set up. And here's the bagels and the locks and the cream cheese. And all of a sudden I'm back to when the show and I have to, I can barely hear myself think because all the buzz. Oh yeah, I'm not. What the hell when the food comes after all? It's really, they're all making a big sentence. And that got them out of their seats in a way for my face. And I thought whatever the whole I wanted. The free food. The bagels they hear. Oh, he's made. What a place, baby. What a place. When in the Ant-Bank Club said that movie. When we're ready to die, we go to Florida. After you die, that's the time to go to Florida. Have your, have your, have your, have your, have your, have your kids. We're cemetery onex. We'reeneca, all over us. It's for sure round with a hourology or manual. Bomb Australia and the configure means ship there. Stick plenty. Everglades. Ten questions five sixty quiy pirates in the Mir Roger show- This is supplyngorborbr!* in the ground. It's been over two weeks since he's made a sound. And while the family is acting good, he's melting like a hot single. It's time to put James Robbody in the ground. It's time to put James Robbody in the ground. But the food is right now he's just like a car at the end. He's already met St. Peter, but his corpse is buying in here. It's time to put James Robbody in the ground. It's time to put James Robbody in the ground. That's here. He's like a single, it's in, it's lost in found. I don't think he's... He's early in the clothes and his body is being composed in his time to put James Robbody in the ground. Oh, right. It's time to put James Robbody in the ground. He's like a father of socials and they haven't found. Oh, James Robbody still looks pretty, he's dirty and he's hooping jerky and he's trying to put James Robbody in the ground. Oh, 11, 11, and 5, 60, WCQAM. I still don't know what to do. Well, it's James Robbody, you're explained that to me, but it sounds a little bit ear-read to me. Yeah, I'll say I don't give a crap about James Robbody. I know what to do. Bad thing to say. It's not a racial thing. There's plenty of black recording artists. I care a lot about it and did care a lot about it. Although not so much to say the crap of today, he gets my drip. Not so much as a group of, well, for tenders. 137 members of my space. I've found out there isn't a great thing. I've mentioned a couple of people from there like Jeff, who wrote me the thing about, how about the government, you know, you don't seem to be bothering you, anyway. And then the poll question is other than the government. And then of course, that Julio and Haile, which I guess he finally decided that he ain't going to hear Bob Bavouillon here. See, if he doesn't like to show my question what obviously be, why would he be sending a message in the middle of it and listening to it? And that's because he's in South Florida. You got it, then? I do got it, that is correct. Americans flying to Mexico, Canada and the Caribbean make sure, made sure to bring their passports yesterday because of a new rule that goes into effect today. Today is the 23rd that is correct. Requiring them to show want to get back into the country. You have to have a passport, you got to show it, or they won't let you back in. Show it, and the passport, too. Only about a quarter of US citizens hold valid passports and most Americans have a custom to traveling the neighboring countries, we just had drivers license or birth certificate, which have long been sufficient to get to airport customs on the trip home. The new regulations requiring passports were adopted by Congress in 2004 to secure the borders against terrorists. Travellers at Hartfield Atlanta and National Airport, other airports, and they had no complaints about the requirement. I'd rather be going through a security check than possibly being blown out of the air because the lack of security measures. John Goldle, the Columbus Georgia, was heading to Cancun, Mexico. Oh, not Cancun, Mexico, but a bad choice. They always get those people's comments. No, anybody that's got the, you know, a brain, a brain, or a brain. What's the thing? Starting Tuesday today, Canadian Mexican and Grimdon air travelers, as well as US citizens flying home from most countries or the Caribbean, must display their passports to enter the US, eh? My last thought I'm real fortunate, one of the prizes, the trip ticket was to Jamaica. I thought the guy was going to cry. Who wants to go to Jamaica? Seriously, why does anybody want to go to Jamaica? Do you like it? Oh, wait a minute, we got to know, see, I don't have enough text to handle all the new stuff we got here today. Alright, understand. Oh, brother, to loose like, text. I wish version do we like better. That one, or... Do you like it? Do you like it? Do you like it? The original. The, yeah, I want a little note. Do you like it? I like it. Yeah, okay. 158 votes in a pull by the way. So anyway, this guy's on a way to Cancun Mexico, so I hope that he gets, those squirts and all the other stuff, it goes along with it. The only valid substitutes for a pass for will be a Nexus Air card. Used by some American Canadian frequent flyers. What is a Nexus Air card? I have no idea what that is. Well, I sure ought to have one, whatever it is. Identification is US Coast Guard, Merchant Marine, or end of Green Card, carried by legal permanent residence. Acted members of US military are exempt. The Green Card carried by legal permanent residence. I don't, again, I'm clueless. For now, there was effect only air travelers. Land and sea travelers will not have to show passports until at least, January of the next year. Air travelers who cannot produce a passport will be interviewed by custom's agents, who will decide whether to love them in the country or not. And of course, probably the voter registration card at the registered Democrats, they will not be allowed back in. We're not seeing a panic from travelers because we're in pretty diligent and telling for over a year that they need when a passaporta. It's written on any piece of paper we had going out said, AA, a spokeswoman Theresa Hildebrandt. Internet travel sites such as Expeedy.com, a posted warnings involved with the next summation point as in said companies spoke, so a woman Erin Krauss adding that agents followed up with emails to customer traveling the affected destination. Get that passaporta and it's very sad to me. They're very small number of Americans who have passports because they may don't mind up going anywhere. And now you ain't going to go nowhere because you're going to have one. No more with the driver's license, the birth certificate, all those other bogus things. What's the, how easy it is to get a passport? No, how easy is it? Pretty damn easy. What about Chris? You got a passport? Yep. Even a putts like Chris has got a passport. What does that tell you? That he has a passport? No, no, until he's not as lame as you claimed that he was. I had to get it when I went to Amsterdam. You went to Amsterdam? About five years ago. And? Well, five years ago was still pretty good. Yeah, I'd love to play. I wouldn't be surprised if that's when I had my apartment. Maybe you were standing there when I took that tumble and fall and broke my own own mind and the red light district. They're right by the old church. Where are you doing the red light district? Everything went out. I imagine listen, what are you? Are you kidding me? They're all now. I've always said this for years. I used to say this when my mother was alive because it aggravated the hell out of her. There were only two reasons people go to Amsterdam. Sex and drugs and I don't do drugs. Okay. So you figured out what was I doing in that part of town? Give me a break. Good food there. Good food. I'm stood up. Well, were you going to find that? I guess at Mickey D's. I wonder if that rat is still hanging under the deep fryer at Mickey D's on the Damrak? They got so many fast food joints there in the court. And of course, free-tas van. Free-tas pomm is the french fries. Oh, they're obsessed with that crap. I was a little gross to sing to sing. And of course, they put that just like John Revolta said, they put that mayonnaise on the fries. And then, of course, in some places, they put that oozing brown sauce on it, which looks where I want to see what looks like. You go to Belgium and Europe there? Then I went. Go to Belgium. No, he did not. I hear those Brussels is pretty interesting. Yeah, we took a train over at Belgium. I don't remember exactly where in Belgium. But we took a train over there and I was pretty nice when I heard that. What did you do in Belgium? Sitesy. I was right with the family, so. I see. Oh, gee. Going to Amsterdam with the family. That's like going there with the wife or the wife. Yeah, not as little bit of the fun out of the possibility. Yeah. So many possibilities. It means having all standing over your shoulder. Don't be looking at that sunny and don't be doing this one and don't look at her and go in that door. Yeah, but when you get a first class round trip ticket for 300 bucks, you can't really turn it down. First class round trip ticket for 300 bucks. How'd you do that? As I said, my dad's in the cruise line business. He's in the room. That's what I got to do with the airfare. The company, they had like a green with travel agents and stuff like that. And so anyone that was in the company could go with them and one person that like, you know, the wife or husband would ever throw about 300 bucks. And I was able to get on with another employee as like, you know, the second person. Well, isn't that sweet? Well, there you go. Chris just moved up in our analyst. He's got a passport. He's been to Amsterdam. He's been on the damwack. He's been at that dam square. You know, it's a funny thing. One time I was on the phone with whoever used to make my reservations from, which I don't do that no more. But I was making a reservation for the Cresda Polsky hotel. Which I'm sure you saw where that was, right? Yeah, that was the Grand Cresda Polsky. And it's right there by Dam Square. Well, I'm on the phone with this lady who's very nice and she's taken my reservation. And, you know, she's trying to find the hotel I'm trying to reserve in her list, you know? She's, oh, this might be, this is always on that. I don't want to say it. I'm that Dan Square. Oh, you're kidding. No, she was saying that. She was saying, she thought she was swearing to you. Oh, thank you for saying that. And I thought you damn idiot. But anyway, Doug Thompson's got to call him here. How many more have to die? And of course, I thought, let's we got to 3000, there'd be this huge, cool and cry. Yeah. It doesn't make any of us what the numbers could be 50,000. Doug Thompson says on Capitol Hill, Buddha, I've come. President George W. Bush's illegal immoral and inexcusable war in Iraq cost another 27 American soldiers there lives over this weekend. That's right, 27. Saturday's escalating violence in the out of control civil war killed 25 Americans. The third bloody estate of the war and two more died on Sunday. This brings the death toll of Americans in Iraq to more than 350. And comes as the first brigades of Bush's ill-conceived troops survived in the country to provide more cannon fodder for his ridiculous war. This doesn't include the more than 50,000 Americans who didn't end or mailed or the hundreds of thousands of Iraqi civilians killed her wounded as we saw the Bush's war. How many more have to die because of Bush's madness? Must have Pentagon projections of 6,000 dead by the end of this year. And 10,000 dead by the end of next year come tragically true before something's been the stuff that's out of control present. Today's start of our bloody is two bombings killed at least 78 Iraqis wounded 150 more that was yesterday. Such bloody carnages businesses usual and bagged at and it won't stop because of President who himself never served today in combat, thinks he knows more than commanders on the ground and sends even more Americans in a harms way. Tonight Bush will get up before a joint session of Congress and deliver the annual collection of lies and political spin called the State of the Union of Greece. I'm not sure when, if ever, any President stayed the Union speech accurately reflected what was really happening in America, but Bush's land links tonight will note out carried to an out new heights. He will claim his Iraq plan will work, we're just about everybody else knows it won't. Now, try to steer public debate away from his many failures in Iraq, turn it to domestic agenda to so far, kettlebars and other set of colossal blunders. He'll brag about cutting taxes and claim such cuts of help to the economy ignoring the reality that his tax cuts can buy with massive spinning for his field war have plums the country to a massive that they will hunt future generations. The damage of his man is close to thugs thieves, con artist and liars of them this country is inconceivable irresponsible and possibly irreparable. Even members of his own party now abandon his failed principles and policies. Republican Senator Chuck K. or caused Bush's latest troops surge, the biggest foreign policy blunders in Vietnam. Voters last November sent a clear message that they want to mark his out of Americans out of Iraq, but Bush proudly says he doesn't listen to voters or anyone else who disagrees with his flawed vision of reality. Congress is much help either. They talk of non-vinding resolutions to bring the troops home, but likely courage to take a real country and to take a real country. The American president, who asked for all practical purposes, sees control of the government of the USA. While all this pondering and policy can putty foot in continues more and more Americans die in a war that didn't need to be waged for reasons that did not exist, by a president with no regard for law, morality, or decency. How many more have to die? The fact that even one American die from Bush's lunacy is too many. Every day that this carnage has allows a lot of continues to cram against humanity by a war criminally endured's W Bush, aided and abetted by a criminal enterprise called the Congress of the US. Hey, this is Tom. You're default friend of my space. I'm the regular kind of guy, since you tips and updates. You know, like, you're stolen, picked load faster at 600k. Good guy, we got you. My space, you're as grown, hasn't it? And all along, it was just me. Tom, run on the whole thing. Yeah, just me, regular guy, Tom. And I'm being as honest as anyone else is on my space. Just because it solded for $580 million, doesn't mean I can't be the friendly mask of another powerful corporation that writes new laws that run your meaningless lives. Look at you. You're like ants. Right groupers. Right storm. You make the prince of darkness proud, right? Continue using your image to your children to young full of death. You're like a full egg, and law enforcement personnel who poses the same. And together, we will deliver the souls of all, long-true, safe and thus he will grant to the gift of immortality. Good day, thanks, J. Thanks, grouper. This is Tom saying, see you online tomorrow with another happy update. Right, no, will you print out? You broke my heart. You what? You broke my heart. Oh, stop. He's that too, right, junkie, is now? Frate, oh, he's a long time. Oh, for a long time, as I said, he was also the engine in dog day, I've been no correct. Adica, Adica, and then he was also... I'm dying on the hair. Anyway. Wait till you hear this, did you? To show you how many people there are out there with too much time in our hands, and we're kind of a world of this. 3,000 and 50 dead American soldiers in Iraq, we got this Bimbledes. The lunatic was going to make it stay the unenidress tonight. We should have been in Peachville. The first time he said one soldier over there, they should have been Peach's his hands. And this is what America's worried about. Ambrage Super Bowl ticket price leaves to 5,540 bucks. George will take two. Two what? The average Super Bowl ticket increased 6% yesterday to 5,000. 5,000 the average price. 5,000, 540 bucks on increased demand from fans of the bears and the cults, according to an analysis by Seat Smart. Seat Smart. Only had they check out to see if you've got any stains on your underings. Indies in the underings. The cheapest tickets for sale are on the five large ticket broker-sites Seat Smart tracks went for an average of 42,54 on Sunday. Before the bears and cults won their games, to win in the February 4 Super Bowl Dolphin Stadium, yesterday it's around 9% to 46,15. With the bears playing in their first Super Bowl in 20 years and the cults making their first Super Bowl, for instance, in the fall, ticket brokers and travel companies saw the teams' voice they took in the man for Super Bowl. Cult fans and bear fans of winning a long time for this said Seat Smart, Executive Larry Kaskaska. Seat Smart. I'd be like that. Okay. WQA in, hello. WQA in, hello. Yes, sir. Don't click why you fell into cobblestone and I was Amsterdam. Yeah. Meaning? This is a, you know, in. Oh, I know. Reverend Loomsek, I know. They're all back and forth. Yeah, why I did was tripped in front of the cobblestone streets, that's exactly correct. But of course, these people have got some story. I have no idea what they're talking about. Neither do they, but they have. See, this is what I love about the audience. So many of them. They have all these, just like the one last week with the, they got involved with our page, you know. They have all these, the delusions and they're sitting around because they have no lives until they kind of rip all these images. I'm doing this. I'm doing that. And there we are. Right. Tripped in fall. One of those stumbling falls where you had somebody up to a ceremony in times. Sure. And here comes this hooker out of the red light district that are one of the doors. Yeah. Oh, Mr. Mr. Mr. You know, this is bleeding can happen. She took me in and washed off my face and she was very nice. Very nice. That's sweet. Wasn't that right, totally. That is an intern. That's a true story. She was a very nice. That's very nice. Right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, that's a very nice. No, he did not tiffer. Good. Good. WQAM. WAM. Hello. QAM. QAM. No. Yes. Hey, I'll call the hour. Okay. Hey. You mentioned that you looked at a mirror the day and realized you're an old fart. No, that's not what I said at all. As I said about how fat I was. I know I'm an old fart. Well, I gotta tell you that. The only one I know that is some message that can insumets us for four hours. It's like teenage daughter. Yeah. I think you're still young at heart. I think I think Brande kept me on her a total of maybe five hours last night. I've never been so exhausted. I'm serious. It was like a two part like a mirror thought. I come back in here and he's still on there and a pappa pappa back and forth. And he won the endurance contest. I must confess I've been bested. Well, you sure I quite get dinner. I feel like a teenager when it comes to, you know, my face. And they're insumetsaging. So I wouldn't worry too much. I'm going through my second childhood man. I didn't enjoy the first one. I'm not sure I'm going to enjoy this one. You did leave off one category last week and you're a bull about what you're going to do in your entire. Yeah. And that's how a lot of hot gay sex. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, there he is back again. The hot gay sex guy. Another one for the wild imagination. Hot gay sex. Yeah. And kind of like gay sex. Do you have Luke Warren. Okay. I didn't know that there was any other kind. All depends on what your definition of hot is. Okay. Of course there's some people who are hot. And there's some who are not so hot. Like my old acquaintance, Belgian fart years ago in line. I'm just kidding. Bullshit. There you go. At Belgian fart. 560, 560, pound 560 on the horizon. SIGTER, wireless line. 30 few way in. Hello. Yeah. I want to ask George. What are some good enemies to start with? Betty Boop. Uh? Betty Boop. What is that? You gotta start there. Okay. Give him a seat. He's going on. We're talking about the business suggestion. WQAN. Hello. QAN. This this thing is doing the same thing as well. And everything just disappeared. Look at that. Oh, when I went out dead for a second. I don't want to say that there are technical issues that QAN but then again. They ought to just carry a hearing about it. So am I. QAN. Yes sir. I'm a part of the garage. Oh, no. And okay. Great. Well. I'm really happy for you. Birds of a feather. Fush together. QAN. Hello. Rupert Holmes is my hero. Shala Holmes is my hero sir. QAN. WQAN. Hello. QAN. Yes. Hello. Hello sir. You didn't put a gear. You're going to move to ride your 7th. You're going to want? You're going to move to ride your 7th. I go 7th like a book of Brian's. That's you. Yeah. I can't wait. WQAN. Why the sky blue? WQAN. Hello. Anyway. Anyway. I haven't been on and off. Josh. Not hard to show anymore. That is correct. Okay. So first time you now Josh. Thanks. Sure. Hey. Right. You're feeling a little. Now Josh. I'm killing all of them. I'm killing all of them. Okay. I had some to do with it. Probably said. I didn't do it to sleep too. I think the call is most of them do need to be put to sleep. And believe me, I have no problems with like a plenty of experience now. My mother used to talk about having the dogs put to sleep. And I used to say, well, you know what you're age. Maybe there's something to think about there. But then of course. See this all a big favor. She went to that fetch into place in the sky. 115 votes on the pool. Other than the government. Who is that thing to the hardest right now? My property insurance company, 299. But before we got that blessed relief by 30 cent now. Everybody's going to save a few bucks and just kiss the ground. Kiss Governor Chris, where he likes it the most. The all companies, 165. My health insurance company, 166. My employer slash boss 92, the media 55. There's so many choices on this pool. Takes half hour to read it. This is a good idea. My power company, Florida, Florida, 50. My spouse 45. I hate this pool. Only 39. I'm not a 10 cent. My homeowner's a man or kind of association 38. My drug dealer 35. My drug company, 31. Credit card company 27. My cable or satellite dish provider 24. My expost about a size partner, whatever 22. My girlfriend of boyfriend 20. My bank 18. My internet service provider 18. 16. Whatever it says. My kids 10. My realtor five. My doctor five. My preacher, rabbi, Ashmatta Head 4. And my stock broker, only one. 116. We broke another barrier there today. Aren't you excited? No. What do you want to be? We're going to apologize. I'm sorry. 26. Pass 115. 60. That's what I want to tell you right now. Beware of any stranger. That's what I want to say. Seriously, the message I hear for you is go travel. Get out of that place. Get you a passport and go see the world. Even Chris, even when a greenhorn like Chris has been an Amsterdam. Who did not take a ton of fall on a cobblestone streets in the red light district? I hope. I thought Guy followers like. Did you really? Yeah, he was like driving. Now that is by the way, he's just kind of something. An answer to him. If you're a pedestrian, which is most of us, look out because you've got the Trams, you've got the crazy people in the bicycles. You've got, of course, some cars on those very narrow streets. And it's a dangerous place. Very dangerous. I'm not sure where's Delia Permanwood or work done. You know, I probably wouldn't be there right now, but that would have been nice. If I would have had a habitable apartment, Tuftified living court is named today. I'll say that. How about if you're, what? Habitable. Yeah, habitable. What did I say? No, it's just that I like that word. Habitable. It's an important word. Liveable. Right. Not musty. Not moldy. Right. Without those big spiders, the size of bowling balls and with all the schmutz and the middle of the basement. And when he got bedrooms in the basement, not a good idea. Especially when it's like, oh, schmutzie. But that was your buddy Al Goldstein got me in touch with the Peter, the a tweeter, there my landlord. Peter the tweeter. I'll go back there and throw a brick through his window. 26 passed 11 at five. He's got him to QM. Peter, here we go. How's Randy doing? Wow. How's that lawsuit coming on? How's that bankruptcy at the skier America? You're going to do a nice college boy, eh? They want to give mixed up in the family business. And I want to go down a police cap and watch the slap you in a face a little bit. Eh? What do you think, is this the army where you shoot a mile away? You're going to get a close life. This better thing you blow that brains all over your eyes. Cyber league suit. Come in. Ah. You're thinking a sparing person. Coming up tonight, I'm inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. As we step into another year, it's important to reflect on the ways that music has lifted our hearts. Change the way we look at the world and give us a reason to go on living. Like that song by The Godfather. So, so, so, so, so, so. I can't wait to make a fresh start this year. We have stories inside the behind interns. What a new beginning means to them. Here's Dave. Well, you just think about how much more they're really used to live in yet. Oh. Um, give me one second. Thanks, Dave. Julie's about to finish up her graduate studies in social work and really make a difference out there. Julie? I just want to help people and... Oh, God. You got any fast acting poison? Here you go. Thank you. Very much. Very much. And finally, young Timothy, who trains of a career as a... Oh. I guess Timothy can't come to the mic right now. Well, we hope all we can listen to appreciate the uplifting life of Ferming Message that only truly great music has conveyed. Apparently, you do. Happy new year for all of us at Inside Behind. Oh boy, I was pretty exciting. I'm not saying the Godfather's on a traffic of me with the right end, but it was... It was... It was... Do anything one do about it? Yeah, I'm going to like a Schmidt-Canard. 27-alunified, 60 W.C. way and much has been made of America's so-called religious divide. But few of the discussions in debates resemble Alexander Pelosi's new film, Friends of God. I want to face Friends of God. The HBO documentary shows the Reverend Ted Haggard, the former President of the National Association of Evangelicals, talking frankly about how evangelical Christians have sex more than any other religious group. Yeah, especially how do we get in this case? Haggard resigned from the church in 2006 after a scandal and attempted drugs and a male prostitute to... Oh my god. I guess it wouldn't be... Well, in that case, I guess it could be. Haggard served as Pelosi's tour guide to the Evangelical community and the film he proclaims that evangelicals have the best sex lives in the world. You know, all the surveys say that evangelicals have the best sex life of any other group he says. And the documentary Haggard hasn't Evangelical next in how often he has sex with his wife. The man replies, every day, Haggard then explains that evangelicals have a lot of love and says to Pelosi. You don't think these babies come out of nowhere, do you? Ha ha ha. Of course, I guess what he was doing there. I don't know if you make any babies that way, but... Oh, right. Oh, right. Maybe it was going to be an immaculate conception. It was a pity. For Pelosi, this scandal surrounding Haggard is hard to comprehend. Because Pastor Ted was my tour guide. He was so good to me. She said he took me under his wing. Well, you know, Ferries do have wings. That's what it is. You're fair. It can fly. Most people think of Evangelicals as being these holy robber Jesus freaks. And Ted was like that. He said, it was interesting for me to say that these are good people. He was a reasonable normal everyday gay man. So it was hard to stomach what has happened. It's hard to stomach it. How do you like that? Yeah, I'll bet. And where I was talking about all the hair that when you get old, you grow in your ears. Also when your nose, nose, you know, is dark in like a long... I think you think it's a hair, but it's not. And what's this thing you just says, Oivey on here from Deb? Oyey, I saw this. And I thank you because I forgot to a print this out. Well, thank you so much. He is really a 20 general day, recommended the country's president, Moshe Katsa, being dead on charges of rape and abuse of power. Oh my God. How you like that? Mr. Katsa was been defined calls to resign or step aside the case against him progresses and is waiting more than three months for my from my zoos recommendations. And I'll find all the season on the end of the 60, you can only be made after hearing which he'll be able to present his case. The religious people are keeping the world in the dark cage. Just remember that, the religious, the getski's out there are keeping everybody in the dark cage in the stone age. But according to Ted Hanger, they're all screwing their brains out and having a great gay old time. The Israeli president who's the country's ceremonial head of state is denied the charges claiming he's victim of a conspiracy by political enemies. The charges stem from complaints made by several women who work from during his tenure as president before that is a cabinet minister. And I've told you last year, police said that after months of investigations, they had enough evidence to call for Mr. Katsa. Be charged with rape and sexual assault as well as fraud, illegal wiretapping, bribery and obstruction of justice. All of these are of these things. Five women from his orifice have provided evidence against him. Same that in some cases he forced him to have sex. A further five women made complaints of sexual harassment dating back several years. After the police announcement about the investigation, I took words up to Mr. Mazzuz to serve the evidence. I wonder if he's got a Mazzuzza on his door. Today his orifice issued a statement saying collected enough evidence to support an indictment against Mr. Katsa on charges of rape, harassment, abusive power and obstruction of justice among other things. Mr. Mazzuzza did not recommend that Katsa be charged with wiretapping or selling burdens after the exchange in will statement Mr. Katsa was opposite to the official comment to make. The president enjoys immunity while in office could be tried only after his resignation to the end of his term, which is later this year, his lawyers have indicated he would resign if he's not. Mr. Katsa, who became president six years ago, has seen as many as a bland political figure until the allegations. See now that he's been doing all the hanky species, now so bland no more is exciting kind of guy, a wild and crazy kind of guy. His position as large as these ceremonials, resignation will not unseat the government last October and the week after the police announced many stayed away from the start of the winter session, the concessive one of his most visible duties, but he sits around in each home in Tasha and not even on firm no less and also and often Wednesdays each's trade just to piss off the really far business. It is so sad. What are we doing in this world? You know what I mean? Those of us who are not in all this crap, what are we doing? I think we're on a wrong planet. No question. I think I feel like a little out of place with these gishies man, what is that all about? For the long beards and the big hats and they smell real bad and heavy coast in the summertime of the hundred and a shade, oh hey. President Bush is a pooper ratings and by the way I should have probably mentioned this earlier. Well, no this is not the one where it's 28. There was another article I had 28%. This one still got 33. So we talked about this yesterday. Well, that's not to extending. I want to see the one that's got 28%. The lowest for any president and they before stayed union speech since Nixon in 74. 65% of those survey said it is approved of how Bush's handling his job. Only 33% approve and those people are intractable and immovable. Remember used to be well, that's about it. It's always about the... The rating matches Bush's career low in a pool in May of 2006. And the Democrats really doing anything about it. They have impeachment proceeding. They have any balls. No, but other than that. They talk again a little bit of a game and then anti-policy comes along. Oh, we don't want to do this. We don't want to do that. You want it to work because they're all a bunch of quirks and they're all owned by pretty much the same bastards. 1133 on a pool, that's pretty impressive. Yes, me others read the top few here because it's just too many on here. Okay, I think it's up till about 130 in a morning to read them all. Other than the government who is effing you the hardest right now, my property insurance company 306. I'm holding my breath for all those savings we're going to get with that new piece of legislation they pass. 306 getting screwed bad. The oil companies, 167, my health insurance company 112. My employer slides Voss 93 and way down to the media. 506, first I think the media ought to be doing a lot more credit for screwing up the world. Vossy, the first female speaker out the house in the history of the United States. But okay, we're at lunch and signal the time of change for America and the Democrats have an ambitious agenda for this great nation. We're going to deal with the war and with the economy. But now I would like to discuss a subject that is consumed our country. That of course is my very large breasts. People are sent to me, Nancy. Do you use your hooders to advance your political career while it's true that in the past I've utilized my congressional sweater monkeys to confound and confuse my opponents. Now that I'm speaker of the blast, the house decorum requires me to dress conservatively while legislating liberally. So those boobs, those bullies in the Republican Party can call me Nancy, and if a loci all they want, I will not be distracted from the judge that the job at hand. In this new era of government, the speaker's tautos are far less important than our unified vision for the future, our unified vision for the, hey Kennedy, are you staring at my f***ing again? I will kill you. 1145, 15, will lunat 5, 60, W. K. Let me have an important report. We've got a shot today at some number on there. I don't really care what it is. And when will we? Getting back to a Barack Obama and the Schmerjard, that's already gotten underway and boy, it's only January 23, 2000s. They're just wait. They're just getting the, they're just reaching up the Schmerjard. Is he a decorated veteran because then they really have something on it? The minute Senator Barack Obama had traction, the right started emphasizing his middle name, rights Karen Russell and the Huffington Post. Barack Hussein Obama, they sneered. They never talked about him without saying all three names as if the fact his parents gave them an lame Hussein automatically disqualified him for one for president. The Schmerjard was both so dumb and transparent, it was laughable. Then other right wing biggest like Debbie Schlossel took the attack even further. She writes, while Obama may not identify as a Muslim, that's not how they urban Muslims streets see it. In Europe culture and under Islamic law, if your father is a Muslim, so are you. And once a Muslim always a Muslim, you can't go back. In Islamic eyes Obama certainly a Muslim, he may think he's a Christian, but they do not. So even if I had identified he had identified strong as a Christian, she says, it's willing to take an even he despised the behavior of his father as Obama said on Oprah. Is a man who Muslims think is a Muslim who feels some sort of psychological need to prove himself to his absent Muslim father. And it was now moving into the rest of his father's heritage, man. We want his president when we are fighting the war of our lives against Islam, where was the oil he's be? Is that even the man we want to be a heartbeat away from the presidency, if Hillary Clinton offers him the vice president of the Canada Sionor ticket, which he certainly wouldn't turn down. No way Jose or was that who saying she says, there be Schlossel, Luma, is a wonderful bitch. Then Reverend Sunmyeong, Moon's inside magazines spread the false rumor that Obama secretly attended an Islamic madrosis school as a six year old, apparently these false rumors prove that Barack Hussein Obama really is a closet radical Muslim and unfit for office. Per inside Hillary Clinton's campaign was behind the damaging revelation. Just when he thought the statute of limitations was up on the right, believing its Clinton's fault, they bring it back with a twist. Its Clinton's fault, Hillary's Clinton's fault. The inside article said in the evidence of proof that this attack actually came from Clinton, apparently insert wants to divide him cocked it in a crash. They want Obama to think the Clinton's are smearing him and cause the Senate and Democratic Party. They get to have their cake and eat it too. They get to smear Obama and blame the returcs on Clinton so far we are falling for it. As medium matters points out, Melanie Morgan, Westland-Baw and Foxes John Gibson also ran with the false rumors, Morgan mentioned the article, and a surfer that Clinton's been trying to derail the train before it gets out of the station, adding, and we all know that Hillary Clinton has used private eyes to spy on the privatized of many of her political opponents as well as the girlfriends of her husbands over the years. What about her girlfriends? On his program, Limbaugh, Reddustor and claimed this is Hillary's team doing this. This is not a bunch of Republicans saying this. They wouldn't dare they don't have the guts. Gibson addressed the inside magazine article as his big story at the beginning of the show and again in his my words segment the end of the program. After claiming that Clinton's reportedly out of the madness with Ross of Pagd, Gibson told Republicans, strategist Terry Holt, now we've read about dirty politics before Republicans aren't involved in this one. Holt responded, this was either a despicable act by an absolutely ruthless Clinton political machine. We know they're capable of doing this, but I also thought you know wasn't directly linked to Hillary Clinton. Holt then speculated that Obama himself could have been behind the story saying, if you took a pay down of the Clinton book and you're really sure that you were Barack Obama, you might want to put this out to yourself so you could deal with it early in a political campaign and get it over with. But Holt also noted that a madrosa before was politicized and really taken over by the fundamentalist primarily from Saudi Arabia was nothing more than a forofield school and Barack Obama was in school 40 years ago. Foxon friends host Steve Ducey is that Ducey pointed out that madroses are financed by the Saudis and teach this Wahabbiism with pretty much hates us. The big question is, was that the only curriculum back then? Later recorded with a show question whether Obama's schooling means that maybe he doesn't consider terrorists the enemy. Foxonker Brian Kilmed responded, well we'll see about that. The fact that Obama attended both a Catholic and a Muslim school in Indonesia's harbly a secret since he wrote about it in his best-eller audacity of hope. He was six years old at the time, makes this smear a total joke. Plus Obama is a Christian. He frequently talks about a Christianity and has been a member of Chicago's Trinity and a Church of Christ since the 80s. So while bashing Hillary for her alleged duty, preached about when you attack machine, gets to use those same false rumors to smear Obama and they get to distance themselves from the trash talking and ludsling by putting the fingers fairly at Hillary. Now their Clintons announced her committee, I bet they'll be trotting this tactic out with increasing frequency. It didn't take long because the Republicans spin my sheen to play the race guard in the blame game. Obviously they can't use the inward against Obama, so they start with the M-word in blame Hillary in the process. Just wait, it won't take them long to produce Obama of using the race guard and then crediting Clint with the attack. I don't know what the context will be, but trust me it's coming. The reality is that these smears are transparent and make them look desperate. Is this the best they can do? The good news is it shows they're taking Obama's candidacy very seriously. Fasting your seat belts Obama's going to be a bumpy ride. Right, it's curing Russell on the Huffington Post. It's going to be a bumpy ride. He can handle it. He's the man. Tell me right now. All right, you know, you don't believe me? No, I mean, I hope they run him instead of, you know, her. Listen to me. He the man. Let me have him 50-to-e-votes on the pool. We got a real shot at 154 today by the end of the show. WDQA and hello. Marty. Marty. Marty. Right in the middle of Nussela. No, sorry interrupt your lunch sweetheart. Look at him tick. At least it was a different one. No, anyway. 560560, pound 560, the Verizon Singer wireless line. Don't forget we got the mad dog at 2, then the power, then the Humper's solo 5-7. The beast at the banking unit said that we needed that like a hole in the head like a lock-and-cup as they say in Finland. Now there's a place you want to go. It's pretty far. Health Sinky. Well, that is a pretty interesting city. Very unique. Yeah, it'd be full people. Those finish. I just kind of stood in the streets and I looked around and went, mmmm, like that. Yeah, just like that. WDQA and hello. How do you know what? QA and hello. Yeah, speaking of produce. You know, joy. Yeah. WDQA and hello. QA and hello. Yes. Yeah, no. Yes. What's your name for lunch? Now I don't know what to eat. Okay. Oh, like I said, all you people visiting South Florida who discovered us on a radio don't look at me. Don't look at me. In fact, don't even look at yourself because I've seen a lot of you. Trust me when I tell you. This is what you got. This is it. This is it. We have arrived. And we have arrived at the absolute end of South Florida. It's done. It's been a bit of Finland. It's finished. Here's line nine, which is always great. QA and hello. We're waiting for you. We've got to do it. We've got to do it. We've got to do it. We can do it. We can do it. Very nice. WDQA and hello. Oh wait a minute. Look at that little box here. I got it. Well, you think it or box? WDQA and hello. Yes, sir. Like your not good and good as well. Okay. I'm glad to hear it. WDQA and hello. QAM. Now see, that's interesting because the arrow came on. It went out and the line is still flashing again. Like it never appeared. Interesting. WDQA and hello. WDQA and hello. QAM. The power of Christ. Now what you cut him off. That was a good one. I think we may be finished with the calls today. I'm not really sure. I have to consult with him. They have been. We end the first hour. We have like one or two real ones. We even try. We did not. Another patient. Who? I've got Christ remembers because I sure don't. Now I'm trying to forget as fast as I possibly can. But this is what, of course, everybody wants including Jolly Joe man who called yesterday. I already told you that. 1160 votes on the pool. This is what they want. They're all expert programs. In fact, they're probably having a program in conference right now. With that puck and highly of the one at the limbo rock in Westland and the T-Rom there under the bathroom stalls. Maybe he'll have some. In fact, they're probably having a program in conference right now. With that puck and highly of the one at the limbo rock in Westland and the T-Rom there under the bathroom stalls. Maybe he'll have some good ideas for them. I got a news for her for the other day. Parts couldn't hurt. Some of them. But nevertheless, I didn't really say that. Did I? Huh? When you say? That's here. Here's the nominees by the way for the Academy Awards. Any interest? No. Not really. Because I didn't see any of these movies. Didn't see you won. Best picture? Babble? And when Leo to Caprio and Will Smith are up for the best actor, that tells you it's all over. There is no hope. I grew up. Actress. Penelope Cruz for a valver. Judy Dench. No one's on a scandal. Helen Mirren for the queen. She's a girl street for the devil wearer's product. And Kate Wieslett for little children. Little childrens. Best supporting actor, Ellen Hart and Little Miss Sunshine, Jackie Rauhaley, little childrens. The Jemon Hansu for Blood Diamond. Who's that? Jemon Hansu? He's what? I don't know. Any Murphy for Dream Girls in Mark Wahlberg for the Departed. Any Murphy is still alive. That's bad news. Best supporting actress, Adriana Barazza for Babble. Kate Blancet, notes on a scandal where she bugs me, where she is. So me as, I don't know. She just, and of course I think the only movie I ever saw her in was the tell of Mr. Ripley. But before she, she was perfect for that role. A real me as kite. Abigail, President of the Women's Sunshine, Jen Her Hudson Dream Girls and Rinko Kukuchi for Babble. Best Director, Alejandro Gonzalez, Evitu, Eratu. In I-80 to whatever that for Babble. Martin Scotsenzi for the Departed, Clint East would let us meet with Jima. Stephen Frieurs for the Queen and Paul Greengrass for United 93. And it's got four language, Phil, and Bada-Beat Bada-Boop for the Bada-Bop for the Original Screen. Animated feature, Phil. And Paul Greengrass for United 93. And it's got four language, Phil, and Bada-Beat Bada-Boop for the Bada-Bop for Original Screen. Animated feature, Phil, and cars. Happy Feet and Monster House. Okay. Well, this is a whole, but there's 80 million different categories. But I don't think we want to go there, doing it. No, somebody good to. Not a good idea. Don't want to go there. Scroll for it. It's like the phone. Don't want to go there, you know what I mean? Do they have power drives? No, don't change. It beat at 12 the world out. On WQA, where live never thought I'd find the kind of ride that I've been to the Roundings today. I'm the classic set of music, no, for real. We're the world of gravity. Now we've defeated China and the Korean school, Then the national democracy, I got the chance of the quick cherry yoke. No, they made it. We're not a cherry cherry, just be it, baby, please. No, they made it. China, little velvet, little velvet, It's a piece of suspension. Now, someone bounced out the road. We did not get that as super far away. Now we've been often stopped to take deals of the young internet and teaching the grades. I've died in 179, I'm both Catalina, the key. You're looking quite now, it's my baby, Kettle left. All babies, over and over, on a cherry cherry, baby, baby, please. No, they made it. China, little velvet, little velvet, It's a piece of suspension. I got the wind, those out, I got the haze, the baby, because they did not get it. I got the wind, those out, I got the wind, those out, Now, no, no, not so good. They can go down the hall, because they can't go up the road. This wedding, Freshman lost seats, not spiced with smell, and gets the dusting looking at the time. I'm a back to the find, the shining ground, It's my leg live, and that's my coffee, China, Judas, I've been washing it with, I'm a rock. No, I'm gonna hate with. Over and over, I got a cherry cherry, People, they did it. No, I'm gonna hate with. Our little shopping freeze, We're going over street walks, They're too dark, They did it. Freshman, Gore, to the lovely passenger, to the beautiful dark baby. There you go, there you go, there you go, there you go, there you go, there you go, there you go. You like it? Come on, three, I love it. At five, sixty, WQA, and happy Tuesday to you. I'm just take the, Monter up here to one, It's got the phone thing on it, You know, and just throw it out the window. Ooh, Take a picture, something to think about. That's all we show up on, written down on today. But after we show up on today, Today is just... Yesterday we asked, did we have a few calls. Remember that? I mean, like, we're living in breathing people. It just isn't in the cards today, okay. It's just one of those things. And I'm not going to do what? Just polish that. I'll change. Not going to do that. I mean, there's no point in beating a dead horse as him. Everybody's programming expert in the meantime, in the middle of a QWM. There's ZASTER. I mean, there's ZASTER in the Evapal Reading book. So, are we a kicks in serious ass? You know, I wouldn't have been such a disaster. The numbers would have been really spectacular. I mean, through the roof. I'd even sped about it. We're number one, dammit! And it would seem to me that during the first fall months, I don't think I took very many phone calls. Didn't most of that time I had the phone show up down most of it. Most of the time, yeah. So maybe there are certain people out there who are just in desperate need of, I ran and down by. And that, I'm not interested. It's just, if that's what you want to do on your show, for what it has. There's no interest in it. Boring. It is a humerus. We could do one. We could do one. Part of those up and just drop them in period. That's true. It's just like a car like that. When you say, uh-huh. Yeah. Bill Gallagher, who writes for the Niagara Falls reporter, says, sorry, Steve Leone and won't be addressed in Bush's stupid speech. Stupid is as stupid does. He says, the state of Leone is sad and shattered. After six years, the man who peddle himself as a unit or has torn our nation apart and ripped us away from the international community. President Bush's system actively alienated most of the world and inflamed unprecedented hostility toward the U.S. both from traditional friends and from an increasing number of angry people and the nation's Bush's invaded and sold it isolated and ignored. The state of the Union addresses always more political theater than substance, but we can usually extract a few telling nuggets from the speech and the interaction of the president, the members of Congress and the audience. Then of course, we must endure the ridiculous spending from the assembled political officials and fundits. Watching the first woman ever to present at the event of the first Democrat in 12 years will be sweet, but how speaker Nancy Pelosi will have to endure an hour pose next to Vice President Vic Cheney. Here's an important measurement. How many times will a big, thick, state and sobering as Republican blue power suit give his puppet a doodable standing ovation as the established Folosio remains stoncially seated in her dynamically colored outfit? Responsive members of Congress establishes umpteenth promise to achieve victory in a raccoly revealing. The disastrous war at choice remains the critical issue of our times, the most damaging foreign policy wonder when U.S. history and the emblem of Bush's failed presidency. The body language of presidential hopefuls listening to Bush's e-tweins is untruthful the entertaining. Senator John McKinnaver of Arizona will be jumping to the defeat the most tapping enthusiastically to impress Bush's base and showing his support for the most in-at commander-in-chief every-to-address Congress. Hillary, instead of to Barack Obama, will get plenty of attention, other than welcoming Bush, the two will be wise to sit on their dear ears and hands throughout the entire speech. Hey, shaking and looks to score in this political help, too. The other would be democratic presidential nominees, Joe Biden of the Delaware, Chris Dota Connecticut and John Kerry Massachusetts will strive for what certainly not could be attention to be heat-bent-foot and Obama. Senator Jewelapdog Leaveman of Connecticut will be stalking the president to give him a warm hug and hope for another peck on the cheek. Since Leaveman already spends most days publicly kissing Bush's ass, there are two-minute in-emissies who would be understated. Leaveman had the nerve to accuse Craig's abusions where Iraq War policies have been gauging an excessive partisan chip and ranker. We're supposed to forget that in the last election, Bush claimed people voting to elect Democrats to Congress lump the terrorists to win. Leaveman, the sanctimonious hypocrite, never took issue with any abusions excessive partisanship then. Here's one for you, Joe, including the ranker. The very side of you in the sound of your winding voice makes me physically ill. I second that emotion. Yeah. Why House folks have been Tony Snow says Bush will depart from the typical civilian address and avoid usual recitation of the traditional law and release of administration proposal instead Snow was sure as us, double blow Bush hopes to connect with the American people on the challenges ahead. In fact, our greatest challenges in doing two more years of Bush, it will be a relatively brief speech snow says in Bush will focus on the major issues including the war on Terra, Energy Healthcare Immigration and Education. Bush has failed miserably on everyone those of you who just act yourself are you better off question Ronald Reagan famously posed. Is the state of our union better today than what six years ago in Bush the main the man five partisans on the Supreme Court selected be present to the oath of office. The only people who answer yes are the super rich, they're supremely partisan, the un informed and those impervious to the truth. The war in Iraq has fostered terrorism in spun in its air news generation beyond people growing up with the trauma of violence and wars shaping their very existence. Bush will certainly not mention that the United Nations reported more than 34,000 wreckies were killed in 2006 such troubling statistics cuter as they've been in dress. Bush's plan is to send more troops in the bag that only resulted in more Iraqi and American deaths and do nothing to pass the foundation thrusting the Civil War as it result in invasion and incompetent occupation. The only hope is a political solution, Bush will never even consider that approach. The Bush administration sees the pursuit of force as a faith rights time angle hard to rights time dispatched.com, a regular antidote to the mainstream media. In a recent article titled The Look of War against Islam, George Bush's crusading scorecard, Angoha provides a skating analysis of the administration's continuing miscalculations and it's insensitive to ordinary obvious in Iraq and the religious tones in the conflict. Angoha sees the surge bringing more death and destruction to Baghdad, home to nearly quarter of a match population, he predicts more suffering. It's a form of a fricotest dream with a possible acceptance of the present device president a dwindling number of hangar's on, like Julie women in the Fox News channel, the folks Connie Rice Love, the truth is that everyone are watching it in the world knows it. Angoha sees the shallowness and bluster in the Bush-Evict World view, rooted military solutions and messy and equivalents. The essential doctrine of faith that ties all the disparate form policy acts of the administration together is the belief that to every global problem, to every difficult situation is by the single striking and uniform response, not the application of democracy but the application of force. The terrorist hate us for our freedoms, for claims, as he crampels on the bill of rights at home, condones torturing and kidnapping and operates the illegal Gulag if Guantanamo Bay. Bush-Laknawa the president before is assaulting our fundamental freedoms in the core values of our national virtue. It claims the powers of a monarch and seeks to undermine the state of our cherished liberties all the name of protecting us. The Bush-Energy policy is simple, consume oil, seek more oil and do nothing to pursue energy alternatives. He'll drop a few disingenuous lines about ending our dependence on Middle Eastern oil, but never do anything to upset the Bush family and climate with the Saudi-World family's interests, and their shared corporate sponsors, Haliburton, Exhawn, Shrevern BP and lots of others. While the president has shown how ethanol agriculture-based fuels work, Bush will again plead for defiling the Arctic for a short-term boost of domestic world production. He'll say little of anything about energy in the environment. Global warming is a liberal myth, something outgoing-pented the Bush-Evicts in the talk video cheerleaders claim, Bush said that the U.S. from any responsibility would use greenhouse gases when he gave the finger to the Kyoto Accords. He then onto the greatest government assault on science and civaticon, tried to sound scoperic as for reporting the Earth was not the center of the universe. Health care will get another market-driven solution that will never work. Nearly 50 million Americans have no health insurance and numbers growing. Our systems, if failure or costly, don't shut the game, most benefiting the drug industry insurance companies for profit hospitals and Republican candidates they sponsored. We remain the only industrialized nation without a single payer system, a severe competitive disadvantage for American manufacturers and businesses. The solution is simple. Bush good earns that every American received the hand-saying health insurance that he members the Congress are entitled to. He never will. Bush will give some lip service to immigration reform, but will use not of his greatly diminished political capital to do anything meaningful about it. He still supports building a stupid fence along the Mexican border to humor Republican lawmakers. Bush has education policies have a little more than a boom for private testing services and do nothing to address the needs of public education. Americans still like being had other industrialized nations in the quality of primary and high school education. Johnson from Bush's list of major issues is fiscal responsibility and for good reason. He's drained the U.S. Treasury borrowing money to cover tax successfully mainly benefit to Rich's 1%. Bush is dramatically shifted to burden for the cost of government from the investor classes to the working classes and created unconscionable debt in the process. He's put the nation on the track of a fiscal train wreck. Ben Burkki, the Chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, knows this clearly reality Bush will never acknowledge. He warned last week if early in meaningful action is not taken, the U.S. economy could be seriously weakened. The state of U.R. Union is in shambles, for urge W. Bush and the people who put him in office and continue to support him are responsible for this monumental mess. Right to build Gallagher a Peabody Award winner for an agrofacity councilman. That's Peabody. There you go with any Peabody mass of this Peabody. Mr. Peabody was a Peabody or Peabody. You take your pick. Whatever. How are we doing on that poll? We got $1200 yet. 1191. Pretty. We're right on the answer. We're right on the answer. We'll come back from the break. We'll have a 400 votes on the poll. 1137, my space members. The phone thing is shut off. What's not to like? It's right. 12 minutes past noon at 5. 60 W. You can't Chris said to me before the show today said to me, thank me for being one of the few people on the air in this radio station and maybe the universe who doesn't need to be directed when it's time to take a break. Told her. You like to. And then I got my log here. You know, I got my log. My log. Ruin his ability to work with anyone else. Ryan's good. Maybe Maddie Bell come along. I'll from a job under his desk. Our friends at Braddee, she was one to ask you is Brian Schmutz and idiot in the course the answer is absolutely. Schmindrich. Hey, Brian. Do anything one do about it? Yeah, gun would be good. Since the Iraqis were becoming too dependent on the United States. And therefore we would force the collapse of the Iraqi government and tear the country apart. Let me be clear. I blew up one of the holiest shrines in the Shia's long and a calculated effort to provoke Iraq's Shia population to retaliate. There was responsibility rest with me. This strategy worked. And the result was a vicious cycle of sectarian violence that continues today. The Sunni and Shia want to live together in peace. And we will not allow them to re-establish it in Iraq. From Afghanistan to Lebanon to the Palestinian territories, millions of ordinary people are sick of the violence and want a future of peace and opportunity for their children. And it is unacceptable to me. On Friday, Secretary Rice will leave for the region. The top-of-moderate governments create chaos in the region and use all revenues to form desquads. Those citizens' mass killings is the calling of our time. Thank you. Oh yeah, good night. Newer is 1218 at 5. 60W. If you are, I'm going to tell you our answer. I haven't looked. Let me take a few. 1205 is what I got here right now. 1205 at 1218. 1207. You have 1207 at 1218. Maybe we will get 1219 at 1219. Wouldn't that be? That would be interesting. Absolutely not. Why don't you pay attention? See, I was figuring the numbers out again. Then I realized, well, keep them off the street anyway. You can call. I'm not going to see the fire. I'm not going to take any. I'm sure I'm not going to even see the thing. Because I got that machine shot off, baby. It's a dead machine right now. You'll be calling into a dead piece. See I should stick with my guns. I totally this many, many weeks ago. Remember, I went to that whole rap about, you know, you have to keep up with whatever whatever is happening. Yeah. And there are certain things that have run their course. And that's one of them. That's just not part of the show anymore. It's not never going to be. And you know, Joyce consider around right about to stupid letters. And basically, of course, I should have happened months and months ago. And these people should all be in court suit like crazy right now. But this company isn't going to do that. I'm going to get a phone call from Smokey Joe yesterday saying he didn't want to call it congratulate me about the ratings until those letters have been sent up. And 14 pounds of fried baloney are going to accomplish the same thing. Okay. Underlined the baloney part. Right, baloney. So like I told you, I'm going to do the show the way I want to do the show. How do you like that? Oh, I'm going to help you pick you up. I'll give you a larger show. That's right. Let's help what I know about it. First of March, which is only a little over month away. We'll be 31 years have been doing this god awful crap in his horse ball town. And somehow I've mentioned this a very pretty damn well. Thank you. You're welcome. What an interesting. Exactly. She knows. She knows. She knows. And she's a stranger. So her from Adam, okay. She's a stranger. This is from common dreams.org. Bush faces open revolt over failed Iraq policies. It's revolting baby. Just like him revolting. And increasing the isolated present, Bush heads into the United States of the Union, speech facing mounting opposition to his failed Iraq war policies and escalating the effects and tremendous own party. Bush's decision to send more troops to Iraq, brought increasing Republican opposition yesterday as a Democrat, let's send it paneled prepared tough questioning for the man who would carry out the plan as the New War Commander. With opinion poll showing Bush is approval rating at the lowest point for an American presence since Richard Nixon resigned in disgrace in 74. Bush faces a serious crisis of confidence for all fronts. White House sources tell Capitol Hill booth that the president is visibly angered by increasing Republican opposition to his Iraq war policies and that the West Wing operates the end of a siege mentality. Staff members say they were aware of her voting public and political support for the president, but had that no one is willing to confront Bush on the issue. The ship estate is sinking and the light votes our fools as once in your staff member. It's sinking and sinking. On Capitol Hill, Lieutenant General David Payup portrays testifies today in bid for a fourth star and commanded the Iraq war. The trace would replace the animal George Casey who has been attacked to become the next army chief of staff. The trace, a former division commander once had a Iraqi training mission, is considered a shoe in for the position devoted early in the board of trying to win the hearts and minds of Iraqis, but translated work to Pentagon manual how to tackle insurgencies. He also previously supported his expanding U.S. forces in the region, but for trance will have a tough sell before the Senate Armed Services Committee, which must improve his nomination. If he's been a back to president of the sending 21,500 troops and an additional estimate 130,000 already there. Senator John Warner of Virginia and to other Republicans yesterday announced legislation denouncing the increase as House leadership in practical think called strategic benchmarks for the war. Not much louder and how much clearer does the opposition do his plan need to be before the president will begin to listen and respond to the voices of the American people, the generals and the bipartisan majority of Congress Senator Ted Kennedy said a day before Bush was scheduled to give his annual stay viewing and address. Kennedy and other lawmakers on the armed services panel were expected to ask for trace whether he thought the added troops would make a difference in Iraq. Critics of the Plan and Commanders have been clamoring for more troops. Warner, former Navy Secretary and Defense Hawk, who chair the panel until this year, is likely to provide political cover for members wearing the war plan, but reluctant to embarrass the GOP president. His resolution back by Senator Susan Collins of Maine, Norman Coleman, Minnesota, and Ben Nelson in Nebraska would say the Senate disagrees with the plan to augment U.S. forces and the president should consider options that would achieve strategic goals with fewer troops than sending another 21,500. I feel ever so strongly that the American G.R. was not trained, not said over certainly not by resolution of this institution, that he placed in the middle of a fight between the Sunni and the Shiite and the Watton in comprehensive killing that's going out of his time where the total report is on Monday, where's that Wanton as in soup? The Watton killing, baby, they're Watton. The resolution is similar to one offered last week by Chuck Hagle and Nebraska, Joe Biden, Delaware and Carl Levin and Michigan, Biden's running for president Hagle's potential candidate in 2008. Since Bush announced his plan on January the 10th Congress has been deeply split in how to react, Senate and House Democratic leaders back to resolution drafted by Hagle 11 and Biden. That measure will likely be voted on by the Senate for Relations Committee tomorrow and sent to the floor where GOP leaders have found a filibuster. While the various measures are varying amongst his important uncarriedly-related law that would bar the president's commander and chief from deploying military personnel as he sees fit, Wanton said he believed his plan would offer broader appeal among Republicans than Hagle's proposal, while largely similar Wanton's measure leaves open the possibility of Bush's any small numbers of troops to certain areas such as Anbar Province and avoids term some say are partisan. This is stronger message when it has significant bipartisan support. This resolution will really, I think, be a very strong message to the White House Nelson said, but not every member is willing to sign on. It's a clear general for trans-new strategy of failure before it has a chance to be implemented. Said Redneck Senator Lindsey Graham, a South Carolina. You know, Lindsey Graham, a really great game. House Republican leader John Bader of Ohio said he told a president supported still strong among Republicans, but there are a lot of members who are skeptical of the plan will work because if that's that the Iraqi government will follow through on its commitments. What's really nauseating and one of the many, many reasons I won't watch one second of it is that every one of these states union speeches is the same crap. Ladies and gentlemen, the president of the United States and here he comes to the big door and they're all saying, yeah, the big salvation and he smile and they're all like shaking his hand and padding him on an ass and the usual crap, you know. Instead of booing and screaming and saying, you butcher, you murder or you bloody lunatic, you maniac resigned right here tonight. Please. It's just a bargain pony show that's all I've ever read right. And he'll stand up there and talk to you, he'll be like Doug Thompson says he'll lie through his teeth and he'll go, oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. All the same crap. And that's what you start him. It's like us. It's like the non-getsky crowd, the non-believers man. The people with a half of brain are able to use it. Stuck in the middle of a world where all these crazy religions are busy killing each other and sometimes so of us and you know, we get caught in the fallout, wrong place, wrong time, crap like that. 1221 votes on the fall. Can I vent just a minute, I only got a minute before the break anyway. God, why not, I might vent for an hour on this. See, I want to, you know, this is directed in the slunch arm, maybe he's in the car listening maybe not. And I could have told him this on the phone yesterday, but I'm not looking for any confrontation. I show up every day through the best amthing I can for the, you know, and we made the bonus. We're number one. With without any promotion, without any support, without any help from Joyce Fitzgerald, Crawford at any level in any possible way. I have a real good idea of what this business is all about. I've been in this business since I was 17 years old. I'm 164 now, okay. I've been almost 50 years in this business, almost 31 years in this market. I have a real good idea of what I want this show to be who I want to talk to and the people I'm interested in talking to are not the people around the phone going chat, bump, and these other mental retards, okay. If Joe bell finds those people entertaining, I suggest that he give them his cell phone number. Or maybe I'll give it out on the ear and he can entertain them himself. They add nothing to my life. They're in the church of the show and the success of this program. And I'm going to do the show of the way I believe in doing it. Period. What are you laughing about? Oh, I saw something pretty on TV. Yeah, let's give them all his phone number. And he can spend the rest of his life and the rest of his work days on his registration. Now, where for many of them might be talking to. Chamba. Hey, how's that? Hey, man. I crown you know. Jar just gay. You know, this is the same three people. Oh, we're talking about. I don't need to do a show for those three people. Okay. There's 80's in people. At least well, maybe not 80's in. But hurt me. 30 people not their rationalist and enjoy the show. We're just going to get a break to your halt. You might have noticed that Indianapolis colds quarterback, Peyton Manning does a lot of commercials. A lot of commercials. In fact, he doesn't seem to turn anyone down as a result. Here's Peyton Manning for Metamuse Alexa. It's so kind of crazy. They're not saying boo. They're saying foul. Boo. Boo. Boo. Boo. You can do it now. Boo. Here's Peyton Manning for Playboy. Hey, that me. Hey, that me. Boo. What a set of phone. And here's Peyton Manning for Playgirl. Nick, I'll do this once. Playgirl magazine, especially if you're into. I don't know. Six foot, four, quarterbacks with a laser-rocket arm. And bones of steel. If you're into that, maybe. And finally, Keer's Peyton Manning for Playgirl. Don't cry, Johnny. He's still got the best. Fuck him in the neighborhood. You need to know it's a little flat. I should write that out. Brother, what can I say after that, yeah? Huh? Probably not. What do you say? You said that. From 32, 28 to 1, a QM, mad dog, a two, and then a Humphrey, mad dog together. That power hour didn't exactly, yeah. It didn't power its way through. It was okay. And then Hank followed it up with a, yeah. I think he had the best fours hour. Did he be between the five and six? It's a three hour power hour next week. What do you mean by that? That's what that firmware around before the hour was. Listen. Oh, you know, it's going to be three hours. And over at, I guess, the media center. What do you mean for the stupid goal? Yep. Who cares about that? Oh, that's right. You do. I forgot. Well, you were asking about it before what they were talking about. What that caller was talking about. I don't care what the caller was talking about. I don't care about the caller's period. Anyway, yeah, three set. No, actually, it wasn't pretty good. Goose up from a very weak three to four hour, two, three, three, seven, and a four clock. I went then four, six. That was the only time any of the sports hours had more than a four share. In fact, the three seven was the only time when I was pretty, pretty depressing is what it was. Well, we're going to fix the parts of the day parts that needs him fixing and working on. OK, Jersey, Smokey Joe, whatever it is. I think it's our plan of tapes. Yeah, they're going to start playing some of the tapes from games from 72 and 73 when it offers one of the stupid bull with Rick Weaver called in a game. Suss-Sarc playing some of those tapes. So everybody can move in the past. This show doesn't need any assistance. We need technical assistance, which we don't get at all. We don't know. I forgot to mention that to him yesterday. Wait, what's the use? Gordon is toughen. They replaced all the buttons. Remember, at least the lights? Here. What about there? No, no, here. Yeah. What does a accomplishment? Wow. I can look down and see what's on and what's off for the first time since I can't remember one. I think it's supposed to be a really good assumption for Jersey, Joe, or Smokey Joe, or we're jolly, while a Joe, whatever will come this week. Schmendrick, Joe, to make was that we got some idea what we're doing here. We don't need any tapes. We don't need to be told to take any phone call. Not that we were told because he would never have the balls to tell me that. But it doesn't need to be suggested that it's so much better the way you interact with the colors. There aren't any colors. Don't you understand? There aren't any colors. I mean, I mean, I'm maybe pretty stupid and an emotional queen in my old age and whatever else I am. And I don't apologize for any of that. Okay. I am. And you notice lately, I've been just letting it all hang right out there. I don't know anything. You look at that. Yeah, let it hang out. Look back in. Trust me. You won't see a thing. Believe me. Unless you got real good eyesight. So I'm going to, like I said, I said, I said this weeks ago and everything was going along just fine. And then I get pressured indirectly pressured to this. You know, I allow myself to get suckered to that crap and there it is again. The same swill. If it was me, I'd have look at BrotsieViz and we got all the addresses on those letters there. I see have look at BrotsieViz and their homes and break their legs and their vocal cords. Probably still wouldn't help you know, be like that. Don't. That's who we need. Alastair Dora, I wonder if he's where our kind of Alastair Schmuch. Who says you and Kamit Pant Project Renching Change? Uh oh, like I said, it's a good thing I'm going to be dead pretty soon. Because once all the floods come, what's like Ontario is up to the 85th floor of my building here. Alastair Dora says that you and Kamit Pant will project Renching disruptions to nature by 2100. Or I'll be dead by then. That's 93 years away. Do we have anybody on? Is it going to be live in 93 years? No. In a report next week, blaming human use of fossil fuels, work fairly than ever for global warming, scientific sources be sand. A draft report based on work by 2500 scientists and do for release on February 2 in Paris, draws on research showing greenhouse gases at their highest levels for 650,000 years, fueling a warming likely to bring more droughts floods and rising seas. The report by the Undercover Mental Panel on Climate Change may have some good news, however, by toning down chances of the biggest temperature in sea level rises projected in the IPCC's previous 2001 study of the sources said. But it will also revise up its lowest projections. The main good news is that we have a clear idea of what we're up against once were said. The report will set the tone for work in extending the UN's Kyoto Protocol, the main international plan for curbing global warming beyond 2012. The IPCC says it is at least 90 for a sense sure that human activities led by burning fossil fuels are to blame for warming over the past 50 years, at least 90 for a sense sure. The draft conclusion that the link is very likely would mark a strengthening from likely in the 2001 report a probability of 66 to 90 for a sense. Quite often much of the debate is what level of certainty do we have around some of these phrases said Robert Watson, World Bank Chief Scientist who chair the previous 2001 report scientists and representatives of the government will meet in Paris from January 29 to review the draft and improve the text Watson declarative candidate in 2007 conclusions. Elementary might dare Watson. The sources said that the new report is likely to foresee a rising temperatures of two to four and a half degrees Celsius that's 3.6 to 8.1 degrees Fahrenheit this century with about three Celsius 5.4 Fahrenheit most likely. The 2001 report said temperatures could rise by 1.4 to 5.8 Celsius by 2100, but didn't say by which end of the range is most likely. That's two and a half to 10.4 degrees Fahrenheit. So instead of like 90 degrees in the shade, it will be 100 degrees in the shade of the 70 of 189. You'll be schvitz and over there. The IPCC would also narrow the 2004 cast range of sea levels rise of 9 to 88 CMS centimeters by 2100. If you're in Lombard, the Danish author of the Skeptical Environmentalists said the IPCC would discredit the rhetoric of catastrophe that he accused some governments of adopting. Yes, climate change is a problem, but it's not this overarching civilization destroying things that the rhetoric of today's telling us he said. Even so, however, the European Union says any temperature rise above two degrees Celsius 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit would cause dangerous change. For instance, with more heat waves like the one in Europe in 2003 that killed 35,000 people which you'll recall and I was actually there during part of that time. We were schvitz and baby. It was hotter than hell and believe me, it's good practice for me because I'm going to be burned in there a long time. Even the minimum predicted shifts in climate for the 21st century likely to be significant disruptive. The UN climate, the secretariat says of the 2001 projection of a minimum 1.4 Celsius rise. It says the top of the range of the catastrophic. Temperatures of risen point 60 degrees Celsius, that's 1.1 degrees Fahrenheit since 1900. And the 10 warmest years since records began in the 1850s have been since 1994. The world is warmed about five Celsius 90 degrees Fahrenheit since the last ice age. We're melting over here, you got it? I get a good rubber wrap. Keep that one in a lot of people have used the rubber wrap. I say 9. Good. Good thinking to garage. Benjamin Sanky, a climate scientist at the US Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, said research in last decade has expanded from studying service temperatures to everything from ocean heat content to racial retreat. He says the system is telling us an internally consistent story. You can't explain the observed changes in the climate system over the second half of the 20th century by invoking natural causes. He said he did not know the IPCCVU. Or schvitz and over here, but you have given me a good air condition is what I do. Find somebody who would have a fan, you know? Not electric fan, I'm talking about somebody who will fan you. Find a good fan. I got some fan out there. They'll fan you. I don't know if my fans will fan me, but I got some fans out there. I got some people actually, you know. Actually say not real nice things about me, but just you know you're okay. You're never still afraid to. There you go. I take that. It is most amusing. Well, you know, there are people that they don't want to be carried away. With me, I go overboard. I'm an old fart now and I go overboard with people like you know, I kiss you kissy kissy with people I like. And then return as always, you're not okay. You're not okay. Like okay. Well listen, one of my supposed to expect, do I expect like, you know, that's all I expect. I'm pleased with whatever I can get, like a smile. I was smirk like, you're okay. And then they run like hell. 1242 votes on the pool. And with all those choices on the pool of her media twice, we can be out of here by two. And then the lies pop in Florida. Absolutely. Here. Oh, crack, oh, crack. Oh, the heart burn. Oh, the boat don't go. Every time I see. I've been going to the red boat. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Every time it's in which. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. My TV. Oh, oh, oh. He's president of the shit. Reploss again, muscle in. And in our team with a genius, I don't know why. They are worth one entire vanities. First comes the eggs for you. With President Dumb's shit. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, what I get to go once more. And get through we'll hold it more If you want this Don't come though, it's ramen stupid Don't come over And this drug in rich can Don't come though, it's even Lumber than me Please present him, don't Don't come You don't care what it's all You got on the end By hooker and roll of the fish Oh, it's no more than us You and I have a health don't fear We've got a great leader here With President of the F***ing boys The free-sip F***ing boys Where's the end of the F***ing Publicly six and we got the F***ing power Our next week It's just heard that promo There's a couple of power Three to six What's that, I mean? Is that to me? Is that to me? I think I'm on the super walls That's all about Correct I see Well, that's something, okay? It's a little something Not a big timisposal Something In other words, it's like It's like who wants to be a millionaire If it was good once a week Let's put it on 85 million times a week It's really good Nice going Joe 252 votes on a poll We got a shot at the I don't know 1300 I'll definitely go I'll bring a friend And then we'll be number one Yeah, if we can get 1300 votes On a poll today, I guarantee you We're number one Dammit! And if we only get 254, we're still number one See, I mean, over the years Not found wood Almost 31 years I've had a lot of real great rating Success in this market And you know, there's certain ones That you're more proud of than others And we've had a lot of higher numbers On the station that we had in this last fall Book But when you consider the Context Of what we got We're going to say Right? I think it's pretty dang good We've done dang good Some miracle is what it is In fact, in that December month When everybody else got whatever day parts That had a zero point three A point three What is that? That's not even enough to shake the transmitter For crying out loud That's not enough vibration from the Final tubes in the transmitter Even kilo's dead rats in there Maybe that's what you smell Where is the transmitter By the way, it's not by the way It's not by the words I don't know, I don't know I don't know in an island Is it really? Lost I heard Hopefully they are engineering To farm itself there too Because they sure is how hard in the building Doing a workforce, I guarantee that They are perfect They are an embarrassment And they're degrading in humiliating Should see how bright these light bulbs are Yeah, the light bulbs they got In fact, that's where they would have been good At the light bulb, 1400 There would normally can't enjoy His Kaufman in that crowd And Mr. Ego with his pepper corn Shawsh And his parmigian cheese What a what a market man What an absolute It's just, you know Money is good though, I'll take it Other than the government Who is having you the hardest right now I property insurance company 232 The oil companies 188 My health insurance company 127 My employer or boss 100 Well, what's the difference between my employer slash boss? I guess employer implies company And bosses, this specific individual Shmuck? Yeah, I see, like like Joyce who we work for The media 62 my power company FPL 55 my spouse 50 I hate this poll 46 3.6 percent My credit card company 42 My homeowner's and or condo association 41 41 What do you say you heard me? Cut the crap 41 There is no excuse to that Okay, sorry I'm old. I drug dealer 38 The drug company's 35 my expouse and a partner How many is that got? About 30 man I expouse my ex Flex my cable satellite this provider 25 my girlfriend 20 my internet service provider 19 my bank 16 my kids 13 my doctor six hello doctor My realtor five. I'm sure there's some real doctors in Florida. I haven't encountered too many of them. I'm sure there are a couple My preacher rabbi cleric Getsky whatever five and still my stock broker solument they uno Well, that's good. Let's hit up the audience for some money. It must be making some real cash. All right, I'm at 254 votes. So we got the 1254 we wanted And like I said, you know what that means beyond a shadow of a doubt with 1254 I How's that QM dot com come to come to think that the coming along at Josh's working so hard on? I hear the provost for it That's not man. That's not my question That's all I know about it. That's it. I've heard provost I know he's working feverish rate. Make that thing The provost was a last website the provost say that it's great You know the promo say the station is great too Agent's fine cocaine and broccoli load See how much you're gonna start eating at broccoli now is that you want to get a rock that hey, Brock. Why do you say that because it's nasty? It's not he did hate it. It's not all of it. It's not sight of it. Yeah, not looks like it's not not not actually broccoli Parmesan Oh What broccoli? It's not if I what do they have at Roost Christie have broccoli all rotten man. I'll rotten you know, you need to get black rock there the spinach all rotten Make sure you're downwind and I'll take that even before that young guy. It's wood by me other day Yeah, I still can't get over the fact that I said that on here. That's just you make a little bit because you're yeah, I think you're even worse pervert than I am, which I didn't think was possible Why The okay look we think stuff all day long us men. Yes, you know, so you're gay, so you think uh, you know in another way But I never thought of reaching back and put my hands up somebody's leg and grab a near goods man Oh, you're not good. Well, maybe would have been great Maybe he might have enjoyed it to send hate get lost bitch. What I was thinking about doing that girl at Best Buy on Sunday Oh, so I don't feel so bad now. Oh, man. It was all brawl a stay in South Florida This was a really hot couple. Let me tell you that right now. I was ready to just give up my machine man and say okay, well, let's And anyway, let's get off of that because that's really embarrassing and humiliating like I said I'm like the all hang out right now Who cares who cares at this point of my life? Border agents on more than 1200 pounds of cocaine vided at 40 million dollars Hidden in the floor of a truck full of broccoli US customs and border protection say yesterday in far Texas PHA R far afar The seizure happened early Sunday afternoon with a far international bridge customs offices using an x-ray scan on a tractor trailer come from Mexico Notice on shapes in the floor of the trailer A drug sniffing drug alerted the descent in our college. The opposite found a secret compartment carrying 500 brick like packages of cocaine The driver 37 year old reo Bravo Mexico 37 year old from real brawl makes the go I thought that's an interesting name was not charged but the tractor and trailer were seized it An investigation by immigration is always on go Who wasn't charged with anything? I think it's normal. I have a whole bunch like a talking upon the coke under the floor of broccoli Why not make a take that that's for sure dog snatched it out when it's out. He snipped it up. Oh first it was tiny. No, it's just You know It's really sad it's enough to make you want to sit on the floor and put your head in your hands and cry How weak your calls are and that's because look where they're coming from. I'm not saying that if we were in Padukar Kentucky or an iceberg and Michigan the calls would be any better But south Florida is notorious and addition to which in the middle of the day time Being the unfriendly place it is when actually it's gonna have people who are friendly and like me or the show and call them and schmoo's because you know people normal people Real people have a life in the middle of the day. They're working there in school. They're a busier getting their shalyly rags whatever they're doing And so it's just I'm not saying I'm because I remember one day I sat down here. I said never take another call remember that I do it And that was the correct assumption to make and then of course being weak being an emotional queen You know you ought to give it a shot about some entertainment and audience love those of you who love it Like I said we'll give you your numbers to those three or four guys. Oh, yeah And that's not like a we here. They could have like what were those old the party line things remember these to run ads for it Right and everybody could get on the same phone line and yeah, or I better not listen all this instant messaging is going on I am they can do the aim and they can do the Yahoo instant messenger They all get on there together and have like a little circle of party you know you type hi It just doesn't have the same. Now does that the ring do it you know, although they do have the things they're in fact one of my buddies on their few days ago You got the microphone and we're doing a show playing all my shoulders back to me You're real groupy brand and I'll say he's okay. He's good good people And then they can entertain themselves. They can all get their little $10 microphone and radio shack And they can get on there and check up together and they're a little a little and in fact they can also get on there with with shack. How's that? That's right me shack to bed We go I don't think so. Oh, scary thought Probably for him too. I'm sure it's from an 86 votes on the full we got 13 like the most see it's not even on a clock yet I bet you anything. I'll bet you a joyous life on it that by one o'clock. We got 13 and reports And I'll bet your her life on it again that by two o'clock. We got four million votes Oh, this is on this is not a tumor. It's the one the two hour Looking for love and there is that this way with just like if you're stolen from my space Oh, it worked out that my ass on a fake girl by Throwing online Throwing online I can be good looking or a bad every age I don't get or maybe just straight look it on my double friends That I've got so far Cooling online Cooling online Oh Oh Oh You're going to find me You're going to find me Cooling online Cooling online I'm giving hope to the desperate and lonely Even though I made me incredibly lonely You're not alone with my reason for nothing but life Cooling online Cooling online I'm giving hope You're going to find me Cooling online I'm not interested in her. It doesn't make sense. That's below me. I'm just trying that. It'll curl up so you've got to flip it routinely. And be blown to. Flip your veloni folks. It's one of the ones we got to mad dog at. Just a one hour power hour today, but we'll wait next week. Wow, wait till I get that schedule. I'm going to just put it on the wall, nail it up there. Look at it. And my red. Reverend Moons anti-Obandma-Anged Properties. Robert Perry on a Smurking Chint. If you've wondered how, ever wondered how, and did propaganda works, you might take a look at the latest case study from Reverend Sonny Young Moons Media Empire. A bogus story about Barack Obama attending a Muslim madroso, where he went in with six years old, a smear that was then attributed to operatives of Hillary Clinton. The shrewdness of Moons inside magazine stories that it hit two enemies with one anonymously sourced stone, a strategy of slime and divide, straight from the textbooks of a spy agency like the CIA. Only in this case, it's not to see a planning black propaganda in a form publication whether mine is a US enemy. It's moon using his media outlets subsidized by his mysterious form money to manipulate and destroy the US political process again. The incident with dross's story also turned out to be false. As CNN reported on January 22, the Indonesian school at Obama attended as a child was not a madroso, where sometimes extreme forms of Islam are taught, but rather a well-caped public school in an upper middle class neighborhood of Jakarta. The boys and girls were a school uniform as an ortarate typical school curriculum today as they were 39 years ago when Obama was a student there while living with his mother in Indonesia reported CNN correspondent John Vows who had prior experience covering wheel madrosos. While most of the school students are Muslim, Indonesia's and Muslim country after all, Vows reported that the religious views of other students are respected and the Christian children at the school are taught that Jesus is the son of God. The son of God! Nevertheless, the nasty inside story has shared her to Obama by pushing anti-Slamic compounds of many Americans by setting Clinton operatives as the supposed source of the story. Moons publication also played at the negative image of New York Senator as a ruthless politician who would slain mud in an opponent. Moons media and pirates tended to see the stories in other US presidential campaigns by looking false or exaggerated stories that disperaged democratic candidates and helped moon political favorites, especially in the Bush family. That's where the Bush family ought to be on the moon. In fact, I got a message. From me to the entire Bush family. You know what it is? I do. That's what you know it. Cockamone. In election 1988, Moons Washington Times thought of the story that Massachusetts Governor Michael DuCocca's had psychiatric treatment, harming George Herbert Walker's Bush's democratic opponent. In election 92 at Bander and Accusation, the Arkansas Governor built Clinton at work for the KGB, again, eating the senior George Bush. In election 2000 when George W. Bush was seeking the White House, the Times pushed allegations at Vice President Coral was delusional, and election 2004 to boost the younger George Bush again. It trumpeted attacks on Senator John Kerry's patriotism. Once Moons media and pirates surfaced these accusations, they would be verbatized through the right wing echo chamber and often in the mainstream press. Usually, the charges violated a purported, flawed, socivere such as mental instability or treason, that the Democrat would be disqualified in the eyes of many voters. Also, since it's difficult to prove a negative mainstream news out, let's often retreat to charges as a poor legitimate dispute, forcing the Democrat to wish a denial or refuse to comment. Sometimes, TV punists would end insult to the injury by critiquing how poorly the spirit Democrats counter the attack. Moons' long work had been engaging in this edge of propaganda, helps their spain his value to the right, and especially to the Bush family. In turn, the Republicans had protected Moons from government investigations into his questionable sources of money, which financed both his media and pirates a lot allied right-wing political organizations. The Korean cutleters spent more than $100 million a year just to subsidize his flagship newspaper, the Washington Times, according to a former Moon insider. Long time Washington Times reported a judge archabalt recently put Moons' total investment in the newspaper over $3 billion since it's found in 1982. Though Moons' finances remain murky, the evidence is overwhelming that he engages in international money laundering and has been closely tied to major crime syndicates in Asia and in South America. The latest attack at Obama's framed as a heartfelt desire to test out the credibility of the 45-year-old Illinois Senator who identifies himself as a Christian, belongs to a church in Chicago. But inside magazine, citing supposed opposition research from the Clinton cap, content that Obama actually was raised as a Muslim and is trying to keep that a secret from the American people. He wasn't Muslim, but he concealed it as source supposedly close to the background of investigation told in-site, the idea is to show Obama as the septivate. Insight, news is no name sources in the article. Nordic magazine check out the facts about the school that's seen ended. The article simply relies on its unnamed sources to claim that Obama was indoctrinated in a madrasa, a school for religious studies where boys of sometimes taught Islamic extremism, such as Saudi-based, Wahhabiism. Although their background check is not confirmed that these specific madrasa misrobatm attended was a spousing Wahhabiism, the sources said is democratic opponents believe this to be the case of it. Inside magazine claimed. Inside then said, the sources said the opponents are searching for evidence that Mr. Obama is still a Muslim or has ties to Islam. Mr. Obama is in services that Twitter the United Church of Christ and Chicago South side, however he's not going to be regular parishioner. More all the good in my eyes. After Moons magazine published a madrasa story, quickly spread to the wider audiences of Rupert Burdox, right-wing media outlets, facts news on the Iraq post both owned by Murdoch picked up and for the disseminated, the ugly stories that portrayed Obama as a secret Islamic militant and clinton as a smur artist. To further the subliminal link between Obama and Islamic terrorism, the post-managed strata of the headline, Oshama Mudfly said Obama, much as Tufture host Rush Limbaugh has reveled in repeating the names Oshama Obama again and again, all the better for his week-minded listeners to connect Obama with Oshama bin Laden. What if he's pop at a couple? Twenty-twenty. Many right-wing punts also have insisted on using Obama's middle name, Oshama who's saying, Oshama, apparently disqualified Obama by associating him with Saddam Hussein, though there's no connection, Oshama is a common and respected name in the Muslim world. Obama received his middle name from his father who came from Kenya as a student, Kenya believe it, Obama's mother was the daughter of a Kansas farmer. As the Obama-Midrasa article spread through the right-wing media world, Fox News made sure the story was put in a harshest possible life, Hubsa-and-draired at Fox News. As they say in Norway, and then if they say Hubsa-and-draired, Hubsa-and-draired. Hillary Clinton reported to be already digging up the dirt on Barack Obama's adjunct Gibson author of Fox's The Big Story. The New York Senator reportedly is out in Obama's Madrasa past. That's right, the Clinton team reported to a fold on all the stops to reveal something of Obama would rather you did not know that it was educated in a Muslim adrossa. For Obama's party wrote an es autobiography that after he attended a Catholic school for two years, his Indonesian stepfather sent him into a predominantly Muslim school in Jakarta when he was six. This inconsequential fact that apparently became the basis for insights claim that Obama wasn't vaccinated in Madrasa. The allegations are completely false. Obama's spokesman Robert Gibbs told Obama's an impose to publish this sort of trash without any documentation surprising, but for Fox repeat something so false, not once but many times, is appalling the irresponsible. Clinton's spokesman Howard Wilson turned the incident article an obvious right-wing hit job by a money publication that was designed to attack Clinton and Obama at the same time. But the troubling backstory to this latest smear is the long history of wounds publications injecting damaging propaganda against democratic politicians and ways meant to confuse American voters. Viewed over the past quarter century, Moons Media Empire has the distinct appearance of a well-designed covert operation that uses foreign money, possibly from illicit sources, to influence the West political process in ways beneficial to the political and financial goals. Like they said, Cox a horse in a severed moon. More than religious fakeery, baby, snake oil and fakeery. That's what the public loves. They just love it. They eat it up. How are we doing on the poll now? 1285. We got 1,300 made in the shade. And that great. Get out the lemonade. All right. I'll start squeezing. There's that line. He suits him Collins now. Fries. Two. Yeah. Oh, what are we talking about? We got religious crazy people. We got politicians. We're not about how much our Wimpy crooks. I say everybody go out and have a good time and enjoy life. That's my suggestion. That's my tip. Get laid a lot and enjoy life. Do no harm and screw everybody. And don't listen to anything that your bell tells you. Just remember I told you that today both of you go past you. Not listen to anything he tells you. Gotcha. I'm not saying he's a bad guy, but I'll leave it up to you to say that. Yeah. Stay show is filled with lots of fun ideas. Aren't but can you show us what you're going to prepare for Super Bowl Sunday? Yes. Really? She takes them as so delicious. You're really going to make cash. Oh, no. Really? So I'm going to fold it in half this way. This one's still alive. You're going to have to knock it out. That's easy to do. Persons really change you more. It's for the better. I mean. I'm going to knock it off the end. And we're going to bake this. Uh-huh. The oven has turned through in 75 degrees. Martha, it's not that bad. I get my fixed probe. It's in pests. You know, you look pretty today Martha. And it might match as your eyes. Get me out of station. And enjoy this celebration. What the hell is this that I'm watching around CNN? What? Who is that? Really? I won't let you. I won't let you go. I think it's wrong that you're getting. You have to show me the real world Denver Wednesday. That's 10. Only on it. How am I as my favorite to show in the world now? You're getting a dozen. Real world can be interesting depending on who. What they were. I got a dice in the hot tub there when you're having any to throw. I'm going to watch it then. It was one guy there. It looks so interesting. I just about jumped through my little TV here. It's from my little citizen TV. Mm-hmm. Don't be talking that way again. Now, sound like a real old pervert. That would be really bad. Oh, brother. Not like I said, oh God, that's good. Cricket captain, call it his pants down. Speaking of perversion. Sydney, I was like that story. I told you about dirtwood car in my PD and Albeah, Michigan. A city in New York. What year would that have been? That was 1965. 40, two years ago. God are you old. 65. Albeah, Michigan. And it was a big old house like out in, um, I don't know, like out in the hinterlands. There are outside of, I don't know how big Albeah is. And not that many people there. But like out in the middle of nowhere, just a big old house. And the radio station was in the big old house. And the tower sat in the back, you know? What a great idea. Yeah. Yeah. How unusual. Just like that big tower KT over there on a bay road. On gay road. Turns out, Michael Clark's elevation from number four to number three in Australia and Cricket lineup will be the butt of jokes for years to come. Back to him. Australian, Kempie, Riki, Pontings, surprisingly St. Clark into batten number three against New Zealon on Sunday. Comitat is what it was. Whether Pompting was trying to give Clark 25 more experience at the top of the order before World Cup in the Caribbean in March and April. Oh, that was a World Cup in Berlin last summer. But I thought that for a week, I didn't go to know soccer matches. I let my friends go there. I felt. But teammate Mike Hussey said money that Ponting was meant to batten as normal spot at the fall of the first wicked, but was called with his pants down. The first wicked. That's why they call it cricket. It was a quick toilet break and he couldn't get his gear back on quickly enough. Hussey said it was a bit of an unfortunate situation. I don't want to go into it too deeply. He said I think you can ask him about it. You want to go into it too. Back to him. Ponting made just five runs batting in the unaccusted position of number four. Clark 75 in Hussey's unbeaten 65 at number six got Australia to a two-wicked win in Sunday's one the international facing the cricket ground. Scoring a 24 to eight and replied New Zealand's 21 team. I don't have any idea. I'll let Australia in a British sportsman. They can have it. Australia is qualified for next month's best to three final series with four wins and four matches. And the big cricket match. Do you ever watch that? And I was like, where are they? They got those scores back there. I got those scores back there. I got those scores back there. I got those scores back there. I got those scores back there. I got those scores back there. And they built that little ball and it goes way out there. And you're running after it and they're running around the wickets. And they're very silly. I think they've been more times spanking each other with those cricket bats than anything. They're spanking something. I'll tell you then. What about Buddy Holly in the crickets? Remember that? That'll do the day. If I remember. I'll deny the nine. The next book hits us to 1300 on the pool. Let me tell you that right now. That is a real. In fact, remember what Chris said before and he knows he's the radio. Maybe now he's the expert. He said if we get to 1300. We're number one. Each year heard outside the kid Rosencree out cransteen over there. Cross the street. This is what we need to crash me up about this market. Is that there are people on the air who consider themselves like real broadcasters. Who really believe that the part of the industry as we want to do it. I mean, it's just comical. It's idiotic. Of course we got some of them on the air too. I don't want to. Right. There's a management types that agree with that. Right. I was especially if they're talking about sport. Oh yeah. That's all. That's all you had to do. I'm now on any of these two stations, man. I'll send across the street. So whatever you drive in these bus stations. There you go. There those are kind of people. Oh he's a broadcast that. He's a broadcast. We wait. He way. He makes a bottle sense to me. Right. But you know something like I said the money is great. What am I getting all worked up about again today here? Details emerge about a possible terror threat. Uh oh. We don't want to get to nervous or anything like that. Because that would be bad. But. Mimicking the hijackers who executed the 911 attacks. Insurgents reportedly tied about caught in Iraq. Consider using student visas. The slip terrorists into the West to work as straight into a attack on American soil. Lieutenant General Michael D. Maples, head of the defense intelligence agency. I wonder if he's going to any maple. Recently testified that documents can't be by the coalition forces during a way to the safe house. Believed to be a house Iraqi members of the, Believed to house Iraqi members of Al Qaeda six months ago. Relieved that Al Qaeda in Iraq was planning terrorist operations in the USA. At the time, maple's offered little additional incentive to the possible terror plot. ABC news, however, is learned new details of what means a classified incident that's been dealt with at the highest levels of government. Sources tell ABC news that the plombative involved moving between 10 and 20 suspects. Believed to be affiliated with Al Qaeda in Iraq into the West with student visas. The same method used by the 19 Al Qaeda terrorists who struck American targets in on 11. U.S. officials now require universities to closely track foreign nationals who used student visas to study in the U.S. University officials must be afforded international students who failed to arrive on campus or missed class regularly. In August the FBI and U.S. immigration and customs enforcement alerted intelligence agencies and state and local enforcement body. 11 Egyptian students who have failed to report to their classes at Montana State University. The students were ultimately apprehended. Thanks, God. Say a brahe for that. Still the right to heighten precautions. Some security and aimless fear that skilled terrorists handpicked because of their clean records because they're carefully trained. Could still slip into an academic setting. Oh my God. The plot was discovered six months ago. Roughly the same time that Edwin was shot by us, our coward leader of Al Qaeda in Iraq was killed by coalition forces. Sources tell ABC news that the suspects involved in the effort to launch US attack were closely associated with our coward. The plan also came only months after I'm in the Pimeon, Al Zawahi, the Al Qaeda's number two had requested that's our coward attempt to attack inside the U.S. A. This appears to be the first hard evidence that Al Qaeda in Iraq was tried to attack as here at home said ABC news consultant, Richard Clark, former chief counterterrorism advisor on US security council. The plan was uncovered in early stages and sources say there's no indication that the suspects may be the end of the U.S. Officials also emphasized that there's no evidence of an imminent attack. No reason to panic. Okay, don't get let's get started with that again. By the way, have you noticed that we are all done with that red light green light to yellow on our craft? Oh yeah. Come on. Let's get the light fog and a pony show anyway. They just like to nuke all over again. Yeah. The hunt for suspect continues high ever and some fear that Al Qaeda recruits in Iraq could easily be redirected. Anyone want to be able to rectify American troops is probably when they try to come to the U.S. Clark said. Just let them just let them give it a shot. So what this crap is you've facts me here. Oh, this is not even from you. No you didn't facts me either. No that's from my financial mail. Okay. Oh, good. It is good stuff. He's good people. I have no complaints. Doing just fine. Just fine. I got a couple of bucks put away. So let's talk about meals well for a couple of minutes. Oh, you should hold our dishes. Yeah. I'm going to do what I want to do. I'm going to do what I want to do. I don't need any advice. I don't need anybody to tell me who I care about who I'm going to do whatever the hell I want to do. I'm not going to ask anybody's permission. I'm just I'm just going to do it. And then what I croak. Oh, surprise here's 50 bucks or whatever. Maybe you'll get an envelope. Maybe crystal get an envelope. Nothing in it. But I'm out of it. Other than the government. This is our poll today. We got 1300 three votes. Not too bad for an old fart. Who I shut that phone down for a indetermined amount of time. Maybe the rest of these two years. I don't know. Just listen. Remember what I told you. Remember that I told you it's January 23, 2007. And we're going to do the show the way we see it. That's it. And clearly all the way. And you're on. Of course you want to take all those great calls. Oh, yeah. Well, you will. I will. So they can wait for you. There you go. Build up all that. It's right. Keep it up. For 1306. Other than the government. Who is F.ing. the hardest right now? My property insurance company 344. The world companies on 95. My health insurance company 134. My employer slash boss 102. The media 64. My power company Florida flood of Lute 58. And that was definitely a set up call. I got all I love after you know, I've only lost the power six day. All right. Go to hell man. It must live at the power plant. Yeah. Now he's got his head up somebody's ass. Or stroke. You know. My spouse 53. I hate this. 447. I'm here 3. And I had for a cent. See the people who aren't the callers. They're okay. They're the good folks. My credit card company 45. My homeowner's and or condo association 43. The drug companies 40. My drug dealer 36. My expouse slash partner. Whatever 32. I keep all said like this for about 26. My girlfriend or boyfriend 20. Where's that boyfriend? My internet service provider 20. My bank 16. My kids 14. My doctor six. My real or five. My preacher rabbi. Schmendrick. Five and my stock for was still sold top to owner. 13 average of six votes on the pool. Well, once we got the 13. Then we crossed the bridge 13.08. They're coming in my little chunks now. A little tiny chunks. I'm going to try that fried baloney. All right. Because I think it was most effort appropriate that you started. I don't know how we get on. You're talking about liking baloney and I'm not. I was of it. Unless it's fried. Then it's okay. How about, oh, this this really gets you going. How about fried baloney with a slice of craft cheese on or you could put some good cheese on it would be better. And as opposed to that craft cheese product, I might have like a little bit of season. And it boredon has fries processed cheese. It's better. Okay. I'm going to go on by some boardons with L.C. the MOCO on it. We're going to see if the world's on my head below. Or David's a bitch. But Zona's got a lot of the shots terrified. And the MOCO guy's ordered seven of the POCO clubs. But I got it in the Patei. I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I. Mama, mama, my evil lover. But the POCO for Pro, Zona. Alright, whatever that means, I haven't got any idea what I'm playing at a long time. Well, my baloney. You ain't letting it say it's baloney? No. They have to say it's baloney, but I am. You've never been in baloney. No. We say no, it's hell. We're doing construction out there in the state of Wester the construction was going on. Morning, noon, and night, so loud that made your eardrums just about burst. Well, here's my baloney, Rob Marquino there on CNN, do it with the weather. From a distance he looks pretty good. I don't know. And I don't think I want to know. All those rumors about Rob Marquino. See, this is the one thing. Like you always say, why do people get excited about this one and done one? Because they're on television, don't they? Like what's his name? Mr. Jensen told Howard Beale. Because you're on television, dummy. I mean, see, at least with George, I got one person out there who understands the movie. Be liked it and, you know, so tried to convince people. Let a great click that. Well, what's to convince him? It just is, you know? It's like Rocky Road Ice Cream. I got to admit it's people. The first time I saw it when I was really young, it kind of went over my head. You know, you know, a lot of things. Because that was your saying to win over Chris and his head and also went over Josh Curtis and said, Well, it's a kind of hard no, it's a kind of what you're sleeping in the middle of it. I set you a picture of Chris watching that work as a matter of fact. You did? Yeah, to your real email address. Oh, I don't even look at that anymore. I know, but never thought I have any of my buddies who, you know, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, I got, let's just wait to send five. Let me tell you something right now. Talk about an overgrown child. I've got so many instant messaging things going right now. I've got so many, you know, let's see, my space male problem. Oh, that's old. That's ancient. Yeah, that was nice. Eric was trying to be helpful on their scheduled maintenance. Well, what does that mean scheduled maintenance? We may be done for a short period of time early tomorrow morning. What they was at? But that's also basically where is George's thing here? Our man Chris, other is there's the picture of Chris during the show. God are you fat. Jesus Christ are you fat. And ugly. No, I would just say something about it. You were never in a sweetheart. You had a chance. God, first you look about 100 years old in that picture. You look like an old fat slop. And you're laying back to snooze and he's not watching. Oh, I see that's the host video. He's watching network. He's in the snooze position. And the cruise snooze. Well, that's cute. Let's see. Is there anything else on here that's kind of interesting? It's kind of interesting. Whatever. Okay. I don't use that email. I've got two other emails. I've got this 75,000 instant message on here. Like I said, I was kept down there for like five hours last night and I told virtually almost passed up. I'm telling you one thing, I sure slop good. God, almighty. There. Bop, bop, bop, bop back and forth. But that's where it goes. Jeff Cole, not the one you're thinking of. But one we read is articles all the time on the smirking chip. Jeff Cohen's blog. Do I have time before the very idea? Can independent media stop the corporate media's Hillary Bandwagon? San Luis, this is story you'd like. Good. Got your fingers and legs crossed. It says prominent punitive ecstatic over Hillary Clinton's entry into the presidential race. Just after days just after Barack Obama's media created Canada, the C.B. came official. Media talking heads are having so much fun, like they don't seem to notice that our political system is fading to address ever worsening problems, social environmental fiscal and imperial. Indeed, our country's political decline in recent decades has been embedded by the decline in mainstream media. The same media outlets that were completely disastrous Iraq war are better on turning politics into an insular celebrity club, and which only they get to an oil in front runners. If the torture leadership passes from Bush one to Clinton one to Bush two to Clinton two, it will be a loss for our country, but a victory for a corrupt belt-weight press corps that, of course, fresh ideas, especially those that challenge its power and privilege. It was a frightened national press corps that vilified the network supporters of democratic outside or Ned Lamont and defensive pro-war warhorse, Jewelie Breman. For the coming elections season to be fact based in reality based instead of just power based, independent media online and off will have to play a bigger role in shaping the debate and correcting the record. For example, a recent San Francisco Chronicle news report headline, Obama emerges as Finton's rival for Democrat left, asserted that Hillary Clinton was rightly regarded as the less-moant, influential voice inside the now-revered Clinton White House. Wiley regarding, actually a progressive see-how reclinters having been consistently wrong on the war and a host of other issues, especially trade, for absurdly bureaucratic health care proposal in 1993 shaped by and for big insurance companies, was a slap in the face of unions, congressmembers, and grassroots forces who'd build a movement for simple nonprofit national health insurance. In fact, in enhanced medical, in effect, enhanced Medicare for all, she helps set back the cause of universal coverage for years. And far from being revered, many Democratic activists have seen the Clinton era as one of the decline in which Democrats lost their strong majorities in U.S. House Governor-Ships and State-Lendris Claytree. It's simple may it for crying out loud. Forget it! The 2008 presidential election is shaping up as a test of the power and capacity of new independent media versus old conglomerate-dominated media and a test of grassroots network politics versus corporatized Democratic politics. In 2004, New Media Net was forced as weren't quite strong enough to win. The Internet fueled and funded Howard Dean insurgency-caught the press core and Democratic elite's off-guard, but they rallied this savage's they then frontrunner in the weeks before the Iowa caucuses as hot-headed and experienced and un-electable. Those weeks on many Iowa caucus scores move from dean to allegedly electable candidates like Kerry alleged. This month in Memphis more than 3,000 independent journalists quit its immediate activists to remember the members of Congress at the National Media Reform Conference to strategize in how to build more democratic diverse independent media. Not surprisingly, Hillary Clinton who has been historically forced to meet different glomers and was endorsed for a Senate by Rupert Murdoch was not present. Only one presidential candidate came to Memphis represented Dennis Gocenich who now shares the House Government Reform and Oversight Committee on domestic policy. With jurors dictionary with the FCC, there was disappointment in an and no show of presidential candidate John Edwards who has some of the dean thundered this year with the Zinnonets heavy campaign calling for war on poverty and withdrawing troops from Iraq. This election season will be fast-named to see whether the blogs independent media and grassroots Democrats will be able to counter us Dean almost in 2004. The ferocious assault and cliches of corporate media. In much mainstream media discussion 12 months before the Iowa caucuses, the campaigns already been narrowed to a two-person race with Clinton way ahead of Obama. But a different story emerges when Democrats are holding crucial early primary in caucus dates where voters are beginning to pay attention. Edwards is ahead of Iowa, Obama has had a new Hampshire. The race is certainly not over nor is it a two-person race. My advice to mainstream journalists, Jeff says if you love covering horse races, transfer to the sport pages. If you want to cover only celebrities, switch to the gossip pages. If you have says with how candidates look or dress, try the fashion pages. Ask for how these presidential aspirants would govern. I'm counting on independent media. The public needs to hear percentages step by step plan to end the war in Iraq. And Edward needs to be asked after the first 50,000 troops are withdrawn. What's the next step? As for Clinton and Obama, they're vague. The vague or their rhetoric, the more they seem to dazzle the establishment of media, not unlike chance the gardener and being there. It will be up to independent media to decipher the natural positions and the political financial interest of their funders and advisors. Says Jeff Cohn. Any time for little pizza, what do you think? Oh, for me! What are we going to do without mold? Who lives on? Does he really? Anybody heard him over there on? By the way, remember we had that one call on other Jackass about man coward. Oh man, cause he had like a point one. A zero point one in this fall book. I tremendous impact in the market. I heard something about your favorite boy, low-easantly. Yeah. One of our illustriors, I think both two of our reporters ran into about the heat game recently. Yeah. Most still listening to the show. To this show? Yes. Because when we come in, we're still playing some of the mobits. Don't we have anything else that we can play or something? No, no, no. So we've got to, and fact after the break, it's going to be more intensive than ever before. Man, did you see that? I'm a little bit more excited! I'm a little bit more excited. Oh The heck did I get over what that you said to them? He's got a lot of knowledge that talk about me. I don't get a crack or death very necessary If they want that one thing, say guys, that's what I'm hoping for I'll have you know I know what I'm talking about I'm recording at the condo. I just yell I made it down and not my way to the car Know when had my golden bastard out? I'd be in a fru channel I'm such a boy, you're back as tough. Why you lose? I got along, you spoiled old fools. I know everything is going on in that room. Why you even know all the new Marjorves? I'm into the giant daddy, old fool. You better go and talk to me. Who's the better hero when I take you crazy? I know I ain't no way, play with you. But when they drop, I'd boys look change. You're a little smoothing, look at the bird. You're a bird. You're a bird. You're a bird. You're a bird. You're a bird. All right. You've been brought by the engine ship that you're rating in giant. Oh. Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass say. I was to you and how. You've done your best to find somebody good enough to fill my baking pants. But he's an easy. Right now, James, I'm not going to be coming back. I'm not trying to convince that we're going to look great in the contract. If you want to know what I'll say, you can shut that transmitters of the boundary. Why? That's easy. Speak too loud. Oh, baby hear, this bow. the divine. Oh, you're lead is no. I don't have water. Oh, you being in this shower little . Little Ken'sual weakness. I mean you're all drei sweats on me. Got nothing, damn you. Fuck. Hey, damn, my ratings. Everybody sat down in these shades. I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm a little bit I'm you're oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh! oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh ohnych oh oh oh i'm oh like i'm sorry,la I forgot myself My friend think that is avant transitions What is a story Frickly R I'd also like naar instead of listening and always calling the radio station. He's become empowered the caller like Howard from Boca. Howard from Boca? It's like, you know, it's okay. So anyway, he's listening so I just want to get the message out and don't call my show too. Just for a record. Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you. And I don't want to hear you on the private line. Congratulations. You know the private line number. That's great. Don't call because you're not coming on this show. You've got your three hours five to eight, Monday through Friday, you can talk all you want, but you're not coming on this show. And we'll leave it at that. All right. I got nothing against you. You seem like a decent person. And I know you've been getting that taken a big hit on the radio station. For everybody else, but it's over. Me and you've done. Chasing your on QM. We don't have any national guards in it because they're all fighting a war in a wreck right now. Not the national guard. Not the national guard. Not the national guard. No national guard in the wreck. There's no national guard. No. Of course not. I thought you were going to play the ball spot. Call her. No wait. What was that? The doctor. The doctor. So I can play the ticker. Oh. The doctor that performed the surgery on Jay Febler's thumb. Isn't he the same doctor that performed the procedure on your two pay? Um, the doctor who performed the surgery. What's the think about that? What's his name? Why? He was doctor. Yeah. I don't know where he was. I don't know. He was George Callwell. I'm not sure. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. He's going to Holy Cross. He almost loses. Oh, you can just. Well, bottom line is that the doctors can't tell. Oh, okay. Oh, you're not sure. Somewhere. At least a month could be up to eight weeks. Somewhere in there. Wally a little older. You're not QM. I'm right. For your bad man. You are a man. No wonder he wanted to get your ass fired. Yeah. He got the right thing. He backed off. You know. And if I hadn't driven that wedge between the two of you, that is going to be golfing together right now. Right now. That's right. We'd be out there. Like in those balls. Go. Go for an up a storm. Well, I'll tell you one thing. He sure is a dingleberry man. I'm going to say that. Make no mistake about it. The car looks like a little bit of that pool. He's almost done. He's already. And see. I know this sounds crazy. I don't need to take those stupid calls. There isn't any point to it. Oh, come on. There is no. Look at that. It's already up to 28. Man. It's going to be all the way to 32 today. And just a little bit of snow left over from Monday. Not bad. And today's the 23rd of January. And believe you. I'm not complaining. But I'm just telling you all these articles about global warming. I'm living it. I'm living it. And no complaints like I said. How much we got? We got 1343. I'm actually a Chris. If Chris would have been stewed like that. Well, I'm telling it. That was not good. You're sending that picture. That was me. I don't know. Look. Cool. I mean, I don't know. Look. Cool. I mean, I don't know. Well, no, not as there were. There was. You want to go. I'll tell you one thing. When I was your age, I looked better than that. What happens is, make loose some weight when you please. Yeah. But I'm doing. Well, I was 55 pounds. You said 35. Well, all right. About 35. About 30. Well, that's good. And we're going to really, we're going to get you down to, well, how much do you weigh? 255, you said? Yeah. And you lost 35. That means you were 290. Oh, boy. I never weighed that much. And you're how tall? 510. Not George. You're not a magic. Other than that, I mean, who was effing to the hardest right now? That's a full. Look, you'll get used to it. I've picked on everybody. Okay. You probably have no pride. Probably a good guy. Although George says he's a very good guy. He's a good guy. You're fine with us. And of course, the Josh was starting to get a little quirky too. He had to know you. But I saw those pictures. In fact, I don't know why everybody in their brother was using his fake profile on the Myspace. I don't know what that's all about. Other than the government, in fact, if I was going to use somebody's profile, I'm trying to be like a honeybee track. That's the one I would use. He looked pretty damn good. But my property insurance company, I bigger than. That looks too fake. That was a problem. No. Well, why didn't you tell me that then? My property insurance company, 353, the oral companies 203. My health insurance company, 139. My employer boss 104, the media 64. My power company, Florida, Florida, Florida, Route 61. My spouse, 53. I credit card company, 49. I paid this full 48. Homeowners and Ricano, well, command was 44. Drug companies 41. I drug dealer 37. My exposter partner 33. My cable satellite dish provider 28. Girlfriend of Boyfriend 23. My internet service provider 20. My bank. 60. My kids 15. My doctor's six. My wielder five. My preacher, Rosh Mandric, Getsky, Farfine. And my stockbender still. What is it? Stockbender? Stock broker. Whatever health summaquack, only one. Go on. God. Hey. Hey. Stop. I'm not running out. No one stops. No one stops. Hey. Hey. Stop. I'm not running out. No one stops. There is a bunch of drinks more than she eats. I'm crazy. Hey. My gold pot is a black or a rascal. What's it today? That's what the song is for. Oh, Lord. No one. Use for that. And then the judge, she looks so good. Oh. My gold essentially in my home. How, honestly, my gold is feeling bargain. All to me. Mm- mm-mm. Yo, the woodenostatagement, hurray when he warmfledges, all to me. My source. Oh honey, yeah. You're gonna apologize. I like still. ohh people i will argue here i re dedim oh damn my gonna steal Let's get   Zoom PaedMusk yine I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die. Do you want to do that? No. I'm gonna die. Bye bye bye.