So time, I feel good wine, just as you need wine. So time, I feel good wine, I feel good wine, just as I feel. Let me go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Then I turn on my radio. Next, the soil, I turn on my radio. I turn on my radio. I turn on my radio. I turn on my radio. I turn on my radio. I turn on my radio. Are you obsessed with sports, hearing for ball teams from colleges you've never been to? But looking to special drawing men called coach. Our name is a form of your own opinions or your resort to calling that sport whole radio show for an air to take. But you need something to do in the playing games, don't you? Or in your being forced to spin? Well, take this for at home, Jack's trap gun. Don't trap them, don't make them, don't make them, don't make them, don't make them. So round yourself with sports inside and out, with the satisfying day-stop drawing juice. Jack's trap gun is individually rat sticks of yellow gum, assorted in the flavor of your favorite athlete. So embrace the dumbness and enjoy the long lasting flavor of congealed sweat. It's a 10 or two or five, 60. We got a full four hours today and it's not even with my Wednesday anymore because I went yesterday to ask me how I did. How'd you do? Don't ask, okay. And then I'm going tomorrow because we got, how do you like that clearance? What a slime ball. He brings in the revised schedule because he's scooted up and he says, oh well, I just wanted to give you better news. We knew weeks ago the modeling game to Mars at noon. Somebody better go see the Mars in the Dodgers. They pulled out of victory last night, you were Florida Marlins any interest? No. But anyway, the game to Mars at noon, there should be nobody there. Pre-game is 1130. So we're going on here, 1130 tomorrow morning. Okay, our day's work is there. Although you know, I'm looking at this schedule like for example, Monday the humper was on 5 to 630. Langs night was on 5 to 630. Although he does that power hour with the mad dog. So that's 2 and a half hours. That's kind of a tough assignment. Especially when you can't breathe, you know. But anyway, let's take a look at that schedule for a day, no matter my mad, don't be picking on the humper anyway. You're going to destroy my relationship with my good friend, hey. No, seriously. I wish he would like, but you can't well. Yeah, I'm going to go through that again. You know what? I know it. You just can't do it. We're trying desperately, give some assistance. Anyway, mad dog at 2 to 1 afternoon, power hour with mad dog in the humper at 4, we've got a long queue oxygen. Hey, Goldberg solo 5 to 630. Marlins on next 3 to 9 and then at the 705, it's your Marlins and the Dodgers. Boy, 14 serious Chris, pretty exciting. And then game that with that decay follows the Marlins game tonight. 13 and 166 MySpace friends I mentioned, I didn't play the series metaphor. I don't have any profile, I don't have any picture of yourself and you have no friends. Don't waste your time. I'm just blowing your ass away. Speaking of that, Walmart sells gay porn filled zoom to little girl. Oh no. She's a smart and what do you think is so funny? I think this is a grotesque and disgusting and most of you, most people would pay extra for that. That's correct. She's not Martin bought her trubbierle daughter a zoom from Walmart and it was preloaded with gay porn. Oh, gay porn. For their part, Walmart, play Microsoft and give the family a full refund and a $25 gift certificate. That's not awfully wide of them, huh? And the story here says, at least now, we know that porn is cross platform compatible, which is really a real funny. So there you go. She got a zoom and it's playing a different tune. As the guys were showing there, back down which is sometimes called a moon, but nevertheless, there's some cute stories. Who sent these in? Anybody we know? I guess there's some of the upriding people that are much more popular. All the group falls all the time. What do you mean? I'm not going to die this day. I like this story. A British man who went on the wilds, spending free after Dr. City, when he had a shirt. I live once compensation because the diagnosis was wrong and now he's healthy but broke. Well, look on the bright side. Like, money Python would say, we see not going to croak. He's broke, but ain't going to croak. What would you rather have? Well, in your case. John Bradbroke, 62 was diagnosed with tank-weighted cancer two years ago. He was probably diagnosed with an ear. This is two years ago, the diagnosis. He quit his job, sold a gang-weighted nearly all his possessions. Stop paying his mortgage and spend his savings dining out and going on holiday. Oh, those brits going on holiday. Traveling and going on holiday, my ass. A brandric was left for a little more than a black suit, white shirt, and a red tie. They planned to be buried in. When it came to find out a year later, his suspected tumour was no more than a non-life-threatening inflammation of the pancreas. I don't know. I can relate to that little nub. Yeah. When they tell you you've got limited time and everything you do in Joy-Life, Bradbroke, from Cornwall and the West of England told Sky TV, that's Robert Murdock. The anxious Robert Murdock, Sky TV, he's got finger in everything, Robert Murdock. Right, Tom? Probably there too. I'm really pleased that I've got a second chance in life, he said, but if you haven't got no money after all this, he said, if you haven't got no money, why is he a literate? He's my fault. I sped it all. They should pay something back. If he can't keep compensating, he's considering selling his house, he's suing the hospital. I want to be considered suing them. If that was an America, that already be 15 lawyers in there, battling and fighting and pushing and screaming and squeezing and pleasing, the hospital said that while it's sympathizes with Brandric, a review of his case showed no different diagnosis would have been made. In other words, they'd have been just as incompetent no matter what the circumstances would have been. They don't dare arse from their elbow. Speaking of England, you're good friend, Mike from FSU. Finally got back to me last night, I see him here. He's over there and London. He loves England. He loves the whole European thing and he said the woman are pretty nasty looking but other than that. Of course, it's now, let's see, there are five hours ahead, so it's three or eight in the afternoon. He might even be listening online right now, but I sure doubt it. I'm sure he's got better things to do than we're listening to the legendary, oh speaking legendary, I've got a very nice huge poll today. Just might not be taken too many calls today, but Rick Shaw, we've got two more shows to go, I guess. Okay, you're my right about that? Was he on in the morning? Yeah, okay, what do you mean he's on in the morning? I just discovered that, I was flipping stations this morning and I thought I heard him. I don't listen to magic with all the rest of you. He's been on the morning for a hundred years on magic. And I had a listen to him not show for a hundred years. Why not? It's for old people. Music, you know, like all that music, but I've heard it, you understand. It's for old people. Here we go again. You know, this November the fifth. And I'm going to be expecting a tumultuous outpouring of emotion on my birthday if I live that long. And if I can endure a jolly fat joe bell that long. But November fifth, I want to see an outpouring. It's going to be my 65th birthday. I mean you talk about wow. And you know what that means, don't just see me in this count. You bet right, right, am I right? That's right. I can even start collecting social security. But I'm not going to be sure how that works. If you haven't income and are making a couple of bucks, which you know me, I'm squeezing. I'm eating out a modest income. Can you collect it or how does that work? I don't know. Oh, well why not? I'm not old. I got my benefits man. I'm not old. And in my time for a long time, I've been working my two, three hours a week for years now. In South Dakota, the state's morta vehicle agency has changed course on its plan recall of a set of personalized license plates encouraging the impeachment of President George W. Bush. After reviewing case law in the city, we've determined that the plate will not be recalled. Paul Kinsman, Secretary of the South Dakota Department of Urban and Regulation said news release on Monday. The plates which read in Peach W, where should do Hedden Mariah of Rapid City, South Dakota? You don't have to mariah? No. I guess it sounds like a woman. Mariah Carey? But I think it might be a guy. I think I've seen Heather. Oh, he's a little jay guy in the funny lesson. And anyway, Homer said the plates that I've got a minute shoot at DMV vehicles had the copper meaning of the time or I'd your apply. That's dead Homer. So I'm going to skip the send so that he can say, she's division of the motor vehicle director told the rapid city journalist week to log gives the state authority to be called. It's even if just one person complains. Well, to bad, Mariah received letter from the DMV and April announcing the recall and giving her 10 days to turn on the plates at the penalty. He's coming to the county treasurer's office or the DMV office in Pierre South Dakota. Pierre, probably go from saying the office said the DMV would assure we fought on the monster meaning on Mariah's license. Let's zoom in at time, et cetera. But Mariah said she was hesitant to give up the place because she believed her free speech rights were being on a server limited. And they changed course and they said, go ahead. Have a good time. And Peach is a son of a bitch. Peach that murdering vast stardore, that lunatic that dupe is that dumb-o. Well, I got another duck time. So one of my probably two. Excellent. He's pissed off. He says, madman, again, for to do him either way, George W. Bush is nuts. I'll get to it. Either way, George W. Bush is nuts, which I would say. I'm so really correct. And unbracobanement made a gap, you know, he was tired and whatever it made his speech about the hurricane The tornado in Kansas. That's it. Even I. It's all over for him. Yeah. I think they're going to nitpick every, every time he farts him, it's not exactly the right flavor. You'll see. This is what the establishment wants. They're going to like, but he'll be all right. He will overcome. Trust me when I tell you. Do I have the pulleys off from where you got two pulls yesterday and the good news? See, I told you this would work. The good news. Mm-hmm. As we start today with 129 votes. Now, if we can't top our 1600 from whatever day that was we could do. Remember Chris when you were like filming at the mouth? Oh, yeah. Speaking of filming, by the way, I hate to say this, but I think I had a dream about it. About to let Phony? Yeah. And because it's not right, I was starting to say something from the dream. And it's definitely now true. I'm going to use a lot of phony. What am I talking about? Use the edge, right? So what am I talking about? I dreamed it. Oh, is this the beginning of honor, Sonny, what do you think? That's good. Tell everybody. Seriously, it was a dream. It wasn't in reality. I don't use your left phony. It's for old people. I mean, much older than me, like 90, 125. Right? Right? I'm going to tell me my ass. I bet. So anyway, 1000 votes on the first floor, yes, to what we don't have time for when we come back, or to all the pooling stuff. And Charlie B. You're telling me he's writing a lot of it in the name. Did he see that you never send me? Just ask sucking kind of stuff that you don't want to read. Oh, I think we're early. Put that tongue away. Charlie, my god, people are starting to talk. It's got just got only knows what's on it. You've all kinds of cultures and stuff growing on that thing. Get a little culture on it. Oh, what a thought that is. Oh, unclean man. Unclean. Not anymore. It works to a great other her life in Adobe Audit. If you wake up, oh, money, you're gone. That whole team. And that's home. And I am here. She is as home. And I am here. And I can't get back up in my mind. I can't get back back in my mind. I just can't get back in my mind. I just can't get back in my mind. I just can't get back in my mind. I just can't get back in my mind. I just can't get back in my mind. I just can't get back in my mind. I just can't get back in my mind. Can't afford to talk to me. That's because I'm stuck at hand. No cash, that's because real. So my car's gonna be for fair. What to show, what to the blind is trying to hit you. I'll have to hand you. The woman reminiscing I can't afford my birthday. I'm no care. Mustang. I got the car. I got the car. Hey. Not living like that. I'm no blind. And bad in the change. All together. Who's the best friend? My best friend. But get from me. The best in my guess. And the money. Who's the best friend? But get from me. Must I enter for a little funk? You know, I used to go through this all the time. I don't know why I don't anymore. I just don't drive anymore. You know what I'm down there. But Must I enter for a funk? Who can't afford a car? So you said, there's nothing more enjoyable than me. And one of my vets sitting in the stop light. And some jerk, some punk. Some 18 and 9 year old punk. All depending on what he looks like. So you know, being next to me there and at the front of the line. Waiting, waiting to, yeah, I'm talking about that. And you leave them in the dust. Leave them in the dust. With a big Mustang GT. I am. That's okay. I understand. Everybody can be a real person. Some people. And when it's a 40 year old guy, grabbing a Mustang, then you know you really got a loser on your hand. I don't want to knock you old guys that drive a Mustang. Jesus Christ. Man tossed in the garbage truck. And George says, this is a 23rd copy of this story that people's in fact seeing. Not that people. He got a person. Remember I said, you have the same person as a guy. Why can't he like, we can't even go on the ground. When they actually printed out, I was like, Still important. This is third copy today. They just came in later and like, well, that's what we're seeing. So let me read it here. It's West Palm Beach. It's from there must be the Sun Sun. I was assume. Isn't it? I don't know what's the Palm Beach post. Well, who cares about them? Much ago, him. Man tossed in garbage truck. Trapped in the back of a city garbage truck in West Palm Beach. Robert? See, this is also a bad copy. I can't read. What is his name? Robert Barwell's screen. Beach time. A load of trash was crushed against his body. This is so reminiscent of once upon a time in America. The closing scene, you know, where James Woods? We don't see him in there, but you know he's in there. And the garbage truck. Because you can see the zits flying out the back. He's a zith head. James Woods. Am I right? Yeah, closing scene. That's a great movie. If you've got 50, 60 hours someday to watch. Right. Pickle, whole weekend. Or maybe it's important. Coal, or some reds. You know, something to stay away. Or you old homeless man. Or homeless man was compromised. What does that say? Compressed. See this horrible copy. What? He was compressed. He was compressed against hamburger leftovers and dead rats six times in seven. That's what dead rats. So that's what they were like. His legs broke. His legs. His legs broken. His legs broken. His rib crack. He tried to cushion a blow with a dead opossum. But it's splattered against him. Oh, I hate what I'm saying. Barwell couldn't move each time. Thinking one move and I'll die. He was thinking. I'm dying on the head. I screamed. One last breath. Barwell said. The trash collector happened to be tossing in one more box. Look down and saw him. I screamed. Please help me, sir. Don't get back in the truck. Said Barwell. Tears running up in his eyes. He told us story on Monday. This is a sad story. He's a homeless guy. Well, some place to hang out, I guess. But probably not a really good place. The trash collector called for help. But five o'clock Monday morning West Palm Beach firefighters. Almost a half hour pulling pieces of trash out by hand to free Barwell. It doesn't say anything about the opossum or the ranch. When he was lifted out on a stretcher, covered in maggots. Oh, it's huge. Why did he send me this? So many maggots. He thanked us. Grandmother. He said, Dina, bad. Bad as well. I can't read this. This is a horrible copy. This is the best moment we got. Died in his Georgia home town, January 16th at the age of 94. That wasn't bad enough that grandma died. She said, Tim or I'm, I can't read it. I'm going to be your guardian angel. I know Granny was here trying to keep that machine from squeezing me that that has. It was a good machine. I should have didn't find one. And for that idiot that called yesterday, Oh, what's a machine? It would buy. I don't know. I haven't found a good one. A former truck mechanic from Georgia, Bad as well, went to sleep Sunday night in a Brushfield trash bin on an empty lot in the 19th or blackout. North, North, Xiehaw and West Palm Beach. It was raining so bad. I had to get under the rain. He said, he was joked at a wake when the garbage truck moved the trash. But he tried to get out. I'm trying to jump out and boom. I found the garbage truck. But as well said, I said, it's going to scream. Help. Please anybody help me. Help me. That's it. There we go. As well as already survived the tough life. He is brushy here. Bushy here. Bushy here. And overgrown beard and missing teeth. He said he has liver cancer. Well, let me ask you. What would have been better to get crushed to death in the dumpster and the garbage truck real quick? Or go through the whole liver cancer. I don't know. Maybe you have to choose. The way of putting him out of his pain. Can I have both? He grew up in Georgia. Did prison time for assaults and worked as a truck mechanic in Atlanta for 13 years? I don't want to read this whole thing. Nobody we'd care about him. No, but it was a whole bunch. He was a big county after his grandma died in January. It was their favorite place West Palm. Well, that's saying a lot. He cleaned up a comfortable spomp behind a walled reen's drugs to run federal highway and boiting beach and live there. Behind walled reen's. At least you knew where to get some good drugs. But police picked him off Saturday and he should have noticed to appear in court for soliciting money from customers. So, as well, made his way to West Palm. Oh wait a minute. Well, it doesn't say where in Palm Beach County. I don't understand. This is a very kind. It's a bad, bad story. Oh, point and beach. She was in point and beach. Well. So, in made his way to West Palm, his last meal was two pieces of bread from a trash can on Okotubi Boulevard. Then he settled down for night in the trash bin. Oh, when I worked at J&O West Palm, I used to often eat from trash cans on Okotubi Boulevard. I used to live on Forest Hill Boulevard in West Palm Beach. A little bit of trivia for you. The trash collected told, but I'm sure nobody cares. I need to do one. I think I'm right down. But it killed about five seconds. The trash collected told, man, he was amazed to discover he survived this whole deal. I want to find a gentleman, meaning the Far Rescue guy, and having buy my lottery tickets because he's one lucky dude, Capon said. Well, what does that destroy does he have to make any sense? Oh, I see. Because the guy's lucky. There was something anybody would say to West Palm to try and see me to be put in the dumpster and the court at the home of the apartment. No, it was either a paper. It wasn't worth my even paying any attention to what extent that you felt so guilty because a guy had found you. Oh, I'm hoping that he'll stop. Now he read it. You can stop now. And I read it. So stop. Stop. Fucking a stop wasting our fast paper. You idiot. You QAN. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Quick story about turning 40. Yeah. I'd happen to me and I was not you pleased about it. But I start talking to people and they're saying, oh, no. You have your life from front of you 40 is a new 20. It's a new six year like a baby. Yeah, sure. You can now. And then I finally talked to my dad. He says, you know, thing about turning 40 is, uh, you still why you're still pretty healthy, but that chest is the same. And that's on his analysis to be much more. I was in the same as life. What's written to me before he is when you were 39. See that's not true. And you're just, you're just doing a thing on yourself. That's all 40 is a spring chicken man. I'm telling you. No, who it is? I can't take it. Okay, well, I'm going to be 65 and I'm going to train. Do you want to train? Jump now. I don't want to get worse. Want to train? Sure. I like this 40 and you can have a 65. Okay, and then you can jump. You can go in the train. Put the gun in your mouth so you don't miss. That's right. I'm 40 already. Boy, I feel so bad for you, man. I, and you know something, I don't feel like different. Not like in the 15 years ago. Maybe 20 years ago. I, I sound just like me. I feel like I'm not so good, but that's me. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? Maybe 65 is an, so maybe 65 is a 25. What do you think? Not. Let's see. We got 1238 votes on our poll from the second poll from yesterday, which we put on the real early. So, poor George didn't have to change the poll of five. Remember that? Well, that was very nice. Actually, what I did for us, we have a Zidian votes on it today, because now that we got this small new audience. Act a candidate who passed it. You messed up American Idol with vote for the worst.com. Now, mess up the presidential election with vote for the worst candidate.com. Dennis Cassinich is the same giant, the Democratic Party. So, I'm voting for him. Vote for the worst candidate. Com Rules. Sick of political parties rigging presidential elections. Now, you can rig them yourself. Add vote for the worst candidate. Com. The heck is Duncan Hunter? He'll be the Republican nominee because I'm the one. He can't be the one. I'm voting for the worst candidate. People all over the nation and from every political party are logging on to vote for the worst candidate.com. I visit all the time. Vote Hillary and vote off an aslase. But don't tell her I said that, okay? To your part, to disrupt democracy. Log on to vote for the worst candidate.com today. Okay, I say, I'm into that. That bitch. 1031 and 560, every few of them. Guess what we know that maddog is back as the endless of the, Oh, right. Off and game. Yes. It's the same as that guy that sent that stupid fact. I just read 400 times. Let me. Two per person. It's that same nonsense from the paper that we can't read now over and over again. Apparently it's funny. So really. Yeah. I'm not saying like the fact machine apparently. Idiot. Totally idiot. It's funny. Don't. Yes. Here's the result from yesterday's first full real 1000 votes. I got the story in my pile here. Manages back on the dolphin games. And Ferris comes into this more and to advise me that. Not to apologize for screwing up the schedule and having a change to get the right time in a ballgame. Or because he's as simple as a quiz-ling. Then somebody said that I used that word wrong all the time. Let's Google and see what it really means. Okay. What do you think of quiz-lingers? Quiz-ling was a Nazi sympathizer. So it's a suck-hole, a traitor. Somebody who goes along with what happened. There you go. That sounded good to me. Okay. I'm thinking Ferris right now is a matter of fact. Yes. Anyway, we had 1000 votes on the first full. We know Mad Dog's back on the game. Was there any doubt when we got the dolphin games back then? He was going to be on it. Of course not. Jesus got all mighty and he said in the article, I'll get to it in a minute. It's in my pile. The guy with a Miami palm tree. He doesn't have a name. All these people send me stories that, I don't mind you sending me stories, but send me something. I maybe I didn't discover. We didn't see anything about the gay porn there on the MP3. Whatever that was. That was good stuff. What do you mean it was good stuff? I was seeing it. No. I'm the zoomed out of the story. Can you play it? It was gay porn. How could it be good? 1000 votes. The honest story. You and online music pirate. I hated that. That's why I got rid of it. It's a Suzuki got 2000. I can't believe we got 2000 on that thing. What a turkey that was man's stuff. It didn't pop it in the oven. Never was a music pirate for 177. Yes, but who isn't 151? I'm going to go in the other woman listen to my iPod now. I'm going to listen to come on with a little range of our albums. And nice potato time with D.D. Sharp cheese. Not anymore, 130. I guess they must have got a scared steal that music. Not no more. I don't believe we're good. What? That was fast. I love this. He's that great. It's good. He got an old mind. This was advanced the mashed potato. Back in the 60s between the twist and mashed potato and the holy golly and all this crap. Anyway, are you and online music? Probably yes, but I see this getting back to the greedy recording industry. It's art of 73. That is the biggest pile of sm- sm- eggm- I've ever rid my life. I always painted download music 69. Yes, and I don't care if it does threaten the future of music in this 3.58. Yes, but I feel sort of girly doing it 32. And I prefer to steal music. The 5 finger discount way. What's that? All the 10s. Shoplifers. Why can't you say? I prefer to shoplifers. The 5 fingers my ass. Now, today's poll. You have to comment on that. I'm always giving you those big openings. I know. I was away from the, like, good. Thank God. 1246 votes on the honor of an overactive blank. 6th drive, 286. Amen to that. There was some hot. I said, I couldn't find a hot machine. It would buy an unstable boy. There was some hot people there. Whoa. When you're always talking about only old people, go to play the slots. Man, you are dreaming. Wow. Oh. 6th drive, 286. I was weak at, as the good thing I was sitting down on the chair, because if I were to stood up, I'd have been buckling at the knees. 6th drive, 287, craving for food, 185. Nothing overactive with me, 179. 100% out of you people think that you're normal, and you haven't got no, yeah. We don't believe it. I had a Snickers bargain today, by the way. The new ones would be the almonds and peanuts. I'm going to die up there. Hey, I'm the, I'm not doing so bad. So I cheated twice a little bit. I've had no ice cream since last day. Oh, there's day. What? I said, good day. I'm not doing so bad. 188 on the scale again didn't gain anything. Oh, I should have lost. Actually, being a wood bind Tuesday, but tomorrow I'll make up for it. I'll lose plenty. I'm not way ultimate fantasy, weight, goal. 160. All right. That's only 27 pounds. That's not bad. I could do that this year. How could I do that? Atkinson. You know, it's really funny for God I used to knock poor doctor Bob. Now that he's dead all of a sudden. I'm going to run. Let's get it right. I knocked him because he was a hole, not the diet. The diet worked. Yeah. Where that goes in front of that last? Ash? Yes. Ash? Huh? What's the word? All of it. Fart maker. Overactive fart maker 146. I hope Joyce don't catch window your problem. And I do mean that literally, man. I think we all have to go to Naples and fart in her face simultaneously. How about a simultaneous ass phasm, right in her face? Everybody cut a big nasty blaster right in her puts. Oh, God. You know, enough gas that you can actually see it like in bat. Ooh, like the green cloud. That's right. Imagine, you're an egg in the nation, 111. Blah. And if some of you, you know, if it turns out to be mistaken, so the more serious than what you thought it was going to be, well, good. If you got good aim, that's just as good as eating better. Overactive bladder 108, sweat glands 51. What are you so worried about? My discussing the Queen's bomb movements yesterday. What you're psychotic about that? Bows. Bows. Fifties want to go there. No, who'd have wood? Bows. Fifties. Overactive bowels. Metal disorder 32. The upper system 20. Impulse to call radio talks shows with nothing to say. But, like that, you know what I mean? Bows. 25. Paraglio 23. Thursday 15. Hypochondria 6. And thyroid, which didn't get any during the entire show finally, got five. We got 1257. What is that the idiot John Edwards, the drooling yehou man, who couldn't win a fixed election his hometown for dog catcher? New Iraq funding river, that includes time-tibbl for withdrawal. And we have a new CNN opinion research full 57 percent of markets as yes. We favor that new bill in 41 percent against. And who the hell is this idiot that they got on there? Oh, this is Malachi. The stupidest. To show progress. They're going to take a couple of months off over there for vacation. They want to go swimming in the old. Deep sea diving stuff like that. Suicide bombing. Some of the stuff fun stuff he did in the summertime. In the summer time, well, I hate that song. Wow. Mongo jury. Think that he never made another one. I don't think, wow, he is bad. Was Mongoj as he did? Can I do it? I don't know. WQOM. Hello. I'm a new. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just wanted to tell you how to lose 26 pounds. You know, I quit eating late. And I gave myself the opportunity to do at least 30 minutes of cardio. By myself, a little treadmill. I lost 26 pounds in six and a half week. I got an exercise bike and a treadmill of Florida. And as matter of fact, even though I don't have them here, we do have on the second floor. My building, we had a beautiful pool and exercise room and bike and a whole deal. Yeah, you don't. I won't just say at one time, it's the absolute truth. You know, it's dieting is not a matter of which either night. It's a change of lifestyle. Yeah. You really have to, you know, dig down and reach deep and then do what you got to. Big down or reach deep. Well, that's not what I mean. It wouldn't be the first time I'll tell you that. Thanks. Thanks, pal. Keep it up. Well, where's the guy? See, he cares about me. I like that one. Somebody actually cares about me. We want to keep your ass alive. We want you on here until the cows come home. I'll look at that. The cows are over there right now. See, a house just to file their way back home just in time. Secondly, or y'all, a Ben y'all is dead. He was 71. You know, when you get to be a little advanced in age, you start looking, like if you look at the I never read or butchewaries. At least for yourself. But like, if you see them, you know, if you're turning the page news in a bit, you're you're, you start looking at the age of the people who died. Like, you know, 96 or 89. That's not so bad. And then you see this guy's 71. He founded a Liberty City Temple at transform the neighborhood was a hotbed of murder and tear in the 80s. Now he's dead. He called himself the black messiah. Federal prosecutors. In fact, I don't have that disc anymore. It's in the, it's right to go to you. I'm going to go. Good. FedEx that to the set. So I can't play the opening to that great song. We were enjoying yesterday so much. Hmm. Hmm. Federal prosecutors had a label of their own free away. The most notorious criminal in South Florida had a killer cult. Y'all a been y'all a the mommy, second lady who was black supremacist is teachy view his followers into a web of racist and murderer terror and mayhem in the 80s died Monday and Miami. 71. He died of prostate cancer in his sleep. He had pre-stratial and religious separatism from his fortress like Temple of Love in Liberty City. What's telling his followers that white people were terrorists and that unbelievers were devils. Devils like me. Us. Y'all a was suspected in 20 homicide. And a single conspiracy charged in 11 years of an 18 year federal prison sentence. At his death lawyer's head succeeded in throwing off the final constraints of the prison system his parole term because of his cancer. He got a free man said his lawyer, Jane Wein-Trug. Born Hugh along Mitchell, Junia in Oklahoma, the preacher in the office moved to South Florida, 1978 and changed the name of the y'all a been y'all a translate as God Son of God. Son of God. No no relation to credit for book on y'all a written by former Harold. Reporter Sidney Friedberg. Y'all it was the oldest child of a minister. He joined the nation of Islam and turned up his Orlando as in Orlando as Brother Love. Well he was brother love and finally found fertile rattle among my mimeys pouring black. Brother love. What if he was kind above the love spine? Charlie and well spoke in the open. His temple 81 is racial tension simmered from rise to your earlier. That had been triggered by police beating death of a black motorcycle. That was a McDuffy. What was his first name? Arthur McDuffy. Very good. What? I remember was like yesterday. I remember the sharpest attack Mister. Maybe old and craggy and maybe my balls are going to second re-illusive my mind as sharp as a muscle ball. Madam and say cheese. Hi. This is Richie Simmons. And since you haven't been sending money for anything lately, I've developed a big load of new diet merchandise. Like my sweating to the oldies video. Then you'll love by doing sweating to the oldies. The odorants. When I work out honey, I put out a stench that cuts streptopark off our redwood. So don't offend while you ban. You're going to be over-stip. And you're like my deal with me. And you'll love my new Richie Simmons. I'm your poker game. You'll play deal with your friends and run all of their food. And I've got a new item to work out on your pants. Huh? How can we guarantee you lose weight? Because after listening to Richie Simmons for 10 minutes, you won't be able to keep anything down. I keep anything down. I did he say peel a bark off a redwood. I just played a cheese for redwood and my patio only. The next day on my space news. Who was the last person you talked to on the phone? What? Is your favorite ice cream flavor and have you kissed one of your top friends? Find out today on my space news. My space news. Watch in the next 10 minutes for you will not fall in love for 10 years. Okay, so let me answer this. If I get to 160 pounds, what happens then? I mean, if you decide to fight off, stay alive a lot longer. I can sign a 20 year extension. What happened then? I don't know. I don't either. I could do it though. Yeah. I mean, if I lost 99 pounds in a year, but then again, that was way back. That was 1975. You know, the thing that really gals me how stupid people are, including me. See, I want those people to stupid but I'll admit it. Most people are stupid like, Oh, I'm smart. Like, afraid, I don't. Not stupid. No, I'm stupid. To lose all of that weight and then slowly but sure. Maybe not that slowly. That's right. That's right. That's right. Getting a lot of money and slowly but sure. Ling wasting it all the way. Right. Well, there's that storm that idiot that called yesterday. We got our first hurricane of the scene. He was going to hit Florida. Yeah, I'm looking at it right now. And who's this fat weather guy that got on bring back Rob Marciana? That is just a storm. Andrea, which is located in the screen. What a screamer. Holy, and slowly they must have lead weights on her shoes. Just finished. What a slow distance. They go from all to my sound. Georgia, southward of Flagler Beach and. Whoa. And of course the tropical storm. Watch me. Yeah. Yeah. But it would be pitiful for said beef. The coast for tropical storm conditions in the next 30s. Yeah. And we're going to be no big thing. You know there'd be some rain. And of course what is for it? And eat rain. So what is everybody bitching about for crying out loud? What a bunch of mouth contents, right? Right. Gonna get rain. It's gonna rain. And windy and stuff. Oh brother. That guy was almost as good as the president of serious. 274 votes on the pool. So if we can get to 1300 by the end of the hour, do you think we can do that? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. What do you think we're going to? Yeah. Can we go to 17 today? I'm going to say I'm going to have. I'm putting my blackberry between my knees right now. I'm putting on the high vibrate. Oh. I'm serious. Oh, I'm the president of serious. If we can get 1700 votes. Although of course we started with what? 1650. There's a method of my madness. I'm telling that right now. It's called cheating. What's wrong with a little bit of creative cheating? How so we start with 12. Wait. That's pretty great. 18. 8. That's right. 12. That's a good one. I'm going to say that. It's a good one. 17. You know, we can get 70 never votes during the show. And if we start a pool like it, 130 and we keep it going to a week for Wednesday, we can get 5000 votes on. I mean, nothing. It means, it means absolutely nothing. Especially to the audience. And especially to our management. Who doesn't care about that all you know about is. One stick. One stick. I'm on. I'm not going to even dignify the crap that Tom Jicker wrote about. Oh, all the money that we're going to lose on the dolphins. And how the marlins were such a better idea. This station lost their ass on the marlins. last year of that grotesque contract. WDQAM, hello. Yeah, there's a scene in the godfather when Michael says the frato in the hotel room. What happened to Mo Green? What happened to Dave Gaines? Dave Gaines? I think he exploded. He turned into, he turned into Jim DeFedis's what happened to Dave Gaines? Do you know who I am? Yeah. I'm Mo Green. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders. I'm talking to congratulations to you. And by the way, it gets a new glass, his man, you're going to need him. I love that when he puts the glasses on first when he's getting that massage. Maybe he was at that massage parlor, all the way, guess that was the world was that? Was that in the world? That was in Vegas. Wasn't it? I thought it was in Vegas? Oh yeah, you don't come to that. Of course it was in Vegas. You don't come to Vegas and talk to a man like Mo Green, like that. Remember that? Of course. He said, problem in the party started. And he said, don't ever take sides with anyone against the family again. Ever. Ever. He is so good when he wants to be. Time is the time he's embarrassingly bad. And then when he's embarrassingly bad, he gets an Academy Award for it. Oh, God. There is one really great scene in that movie. He gets up and he's blind and he makes this dramatic speech on behalf of these cadets who have gotten out. I forgot what that lead did. Including what the kid, um, um, um, what was that kid? Chris something or other? Chris, No, Chris. Chris. No, you know all the Chris is yeah. You know, that's not to have to take because one thing that Mo used to say, Good job by Chris. Yeah. And he was right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Yeah, let's get to the managed thing here. Okay. Because otherwise there's certain people out there going to be a reared all Benovashay. The spreadsheet of ones that like facts to me. Like I don't know about this or like clearance coming in there. This current thing I do any show, prepped at all or have any idea what's going on in a world or in town or on a station or in a business or whatever. You know, I don't just sit here with my finger deep inside my, uh, back to me. No, not just. Well, I mean, that too, you know, I got some of that nine other fingers. As expected, right, Spurry Jack. As was always got at least one finger up in the back to me. Back to me. It's not his. As expected, I just can't say it. You know, I can't say it. You know, we needed to bring back to do the dolphin game to the play by play. Even though the head off him up a fan, beginning to blew the blow. The, uh, who the place election? The body of Rick weaver. Or maybe the body of the, uh, don't, don't, don't, don't. And clinically dead for a long time. Hey, good morning. How's it going? How's it going? How's it going? Mo. How's it going? Mo. That's what Ginger wants to know. Mo. The dolphins in New<|vi|> WQAM. Initially talked about the possibility of Joe Rose joining them on the broadcast before. Concerns were raised above whether a three man, both will be too crowded. But the team in station are again considering that idea. That's only possible. However, if Rose leaves seven ninety, the ticket to join WQAM is a talk show host likely in the morning. This is very no kidding. Likely in the morning, you mean, instead of the Kenny and Bo show? Oh, no, not instead of a Kenny and Bo show. Hmm. Rose's contract runs through September one, and apparently he feels no fresh to make it a season beret says, even though the ticket is given a mid-made deadline with September 3 extension. See, this is the thing with Joe Feinberg. They can talk a big game about, wow, who cares who's got the dolphins? If you recall on the day that we got the announcement of having the dolphins, he was having a nervous breakdown in the media. Oh, and the dolphins don't care about our business and other people's about a few things. Yeah, he, he was, he was carrying on like a child crying. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I'm not there trying to say, well, who needs that? Well, listen, you can have the marlins and the panthers, lose all the money with that. They did a real good job losing money with the dolphins, paying them, I think, five million across in the first year. And he admitted, remember he was talking about how much money, how much of daddy's money he lost in just a year or whatever. Hmm, yeah. I'm getting choked up about it. Oh, man, it's was the dolphins in less for 13 years on QM. Before the team moved to the ticket two years ago, and did a very unsatisfactory job. I'm glad that he's been working dolphin games again. Mad Dog said, hey, so most funny having broadcasting. He said he'd be fine with the three man booth. I've always wanted to work with Joe Rose. He said, I know they took showers together. And I'm not talking about on the team because they weren't on the team at the same time. Were they a Chris? No. No. Didn't Joe Rose come later? I do believe so. He followed in the footsteps. Oh, Mad Dog, a Mr. Mandage. System very mandate. How are we doing on the pole? We're getting close to 13. I'm going to make a real push today. 12 85. We got six minutes to get right up there on 13. Then there's no stop in us now. You know what song? I really want to hear. I don't know if you got it. I think you do. I've actually played before. And it's in one of the spots we played in the last break. And the course lights, but I think. I'm not really sure if that is the song. But it sounds like love cream by the OJs. If there's a better song that's ever been made than love train. I love it. It's not even Chris would have to have met some great songs. And he used a lot of spots to bring it. They used it many spots. Get on board. I don't have it. Maybe I do have it. But I have to go through my whole pile here. And then if I went through the pile, I find another one of those things we can't play like that. It's a very good morning. What a race thing. Oh, God. That was done. So we're already into a bucket of stuff. And you got it. You got it baby. You don't lose it. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Sometimes it just pulls out spontaneously. People don't stop it. Hey, let's go. I love it. This is the best part, man. This is the best part here. I won't argue. I'm not the best part. The best part is going to be perfect. I'm going to put on some white shoes and dance. I've got some white bucks with Pat. You know it. I know it's a boy in the bus. He's on our own feet. You know, like a close-up event. No. Haha. I'm taking it. If you can have my portion. And you'll be saying, My God, it's best thing for you. No, that's the truth. It's Pat. And then you'll just say, Oh, my God. Here in the Honda. I'm just the man. Oh, God. This is the same thing. This is the same thing. This is the same. This is the right. Black people don't just deny people. There's been every people in the people that they need. People who can hear. Rackers. There's people who hear. So we can walk. Okay. So now. Okay. 10. 56. 5. 60. WQM. What are we doing on here? We got 12. 88. That's great. Because after the break, we're going to be right. Huffering on 1300. And then we're moving ahead, man. Towards 17. If we don't get to 17, 100, you see. We're leaving 11. 30 tomorrow morning. What's that? Something. I want to have show. You can get used to that. And then just go on 11.30s a good time to go off for lunch. I'm thinking about it right now for today. It is 10.56. This is the new lunch yourself. What's that? This is your lunch. I'm going to put you in the party. I'm the party fly. I'm the party fly. I'm the party fly. I'm the party fly. I'm the party fly. I'm the party fly. I'm the party fly. I'm the party fly. I've pulled the dog out on our street and the took out my last light. You Ferry. And I suspect him something funny. When I saw him off his load Then I jumped over the wall And the knife darnгators down. Joey and I someㅋ Looks like weBill and some moron. And I suspect him something funny. When I found a glutton's a glutton I'm gonna be glad, I'm gonna be glad I'm gonna be glad, I'm gonna be glad I'm gonna be glad, I'm gonna be glad That's the thing we knew, I'll do it when I wanna lose We run whole right Now he's in an L.A. jail charge for double Homicide And I believe it's first agreed Murderies guilty of It's because Oh Oh What is that I probably wonder how come he's been O.J. but now let me see the O.J. story Yeah, that's not as morning it was great He got kicked out, you want me to kick O.J. out of state houses Too many sharp knives being all this gonna take us easy Double murder, nobody wants him in there And that too O.J. Simpson has seen it's got a picture here in the Associated First Story The 133rd Kentucky Derby Attroachial Downs in Louisville In a file photo from May 5th, 2007 That sounds like just four days ago Saturday The owner of an upscale steakhouse in Louisville Said he asked O.J. Simpson lead his restaurant The night before the derby because he has sickened by the Attroach and that Simpson still attracts I didn't want him to serve him because of my convictions Of what he's done to those families, Jeff Rubies said Well, I wonder if he's gonna jack Ruby, oh man If he put Jeff Cohen in Jack Ruby, they get the good Jeff Ruby Said in telephone and if you are yesterday The way he continues to torture The way he's going to be treated And if you're not sure to rise to those families With his behavior attitude and conduct And let me say this to you, Jeff, you are That's so lovely correct. Simpson and NFL Hall of Flamer and Heisman Trophy when it was found in the same way We know that. Ruby, he owns restaurants And Cincinnati, Louisville and Beltaera Indiana, I never heard that in my life Until this moment. Beltaera Indiana, I live in Indiana Once upon a time in how Said Simpson was in town for the derby On Saturday came over the group of about 12 Friday And he was getting about seeing Simpson That's what gets me really As much as I despise him and I certainly do He is a low piece of slime, a murdering piece of garbage But the people who still admire him and the people who suck up Tim, like some of the people that used to work at our radio station Like the water nasi and of course, your buddy Greg And screw in who's back on the other side of the building People are OJ, maybe I'll ask him once more John Strapp, you know Right I didn't want that experience in my restaurant Where we said later adding that the scene didn't get so much attention Makes him sick to his stomach He said he went to Simpson's table and said I'm not serving you. Almost been a racial thing Ruby said when Simpson didn't respond he repeated himself and left the room Ruby said Simpson soon came up to him and said he understood And would a gather the rest of his party and get out Well good. Good, at least he gets it Instead of being like militant like a jackass Well he is a jackass anyway Simpson's lawyer, Yale Galanter, Yale Galetia, Yale Galetia didn't immediately return phone call Says they are seeking comment It was the first time since 1994 He's ever shown any class where we said he showed it Then I'm the restaurant by leaving quietly And getting the heel out Go on here, OJ, you murdering piece of turd Ruby said after Simpson left People in a restaurant started applauding him Oh I'm planning Ruby that is He said he's received about a hundred positive email Since he is the first seconder I thought it meant he were applauding OJ Oh, can I have your autograph, OJ Let's go back and we live that golfer number again Not the walls of Ruby's restaurants are definitely with celebrity Photos of Simpson Ruby used to be on display But Ruby said he took it down after the killings After OJ murdered those two people Yeah, good. I go on Ruby. I'm going to you to man Now how we do not our goal here to get to I think it's Chris got ready to carry it away 1302 We need 298 and 3 hours That's 130 I don't know. It's a pretty tough ass assignment man Stop being so negative You think we're going to get to 7000 by 2 o'clock? Yeah sure, why not Oh boy Got the air conditioning on my building finally It's going to be like 77 or something like that You of course 77 every day I say 77 77 But I don't want to overdo it Because then people get our call of his ramen We'll get screwed up diaries Thank God there's never any screwed up diaries That arbitron WKWN hello About D'Ara in the end is where there's lots of machines Oh yeah good. You're the machine guy You're definitely how you do yesterday Lost my ass Come on. You got to find a better machine Yeah, well, try tomorrow. Okay. I'll try to find a better host Horses ass Do you believe that? This guy's asked me what is the machine What would bind in the mind? But he's these good few is the things you go to the track His only host is running around. Horses asses You know, buggy horses and the jockey horses Little guys with the high pitch voices of sound like Munchkins What does this guy know? WQA and hello If first on a channel six is putting us in the cone of the tropical storm In second, I'm not an old day fan, but I think he has right The sitting there is that is personal feeling I thought if a Christian owner had a personal feeling But against two gaze that were causing unwanted attack How about two Jews? How about a criminal? I don't think he is going to do it. I don't think he is going to do it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Screw you. Screw you. Get lost. Go sniff a job Strap for Jesus. So can't get out of here. What would Jesus sniff? Who's job staff with? I'm your auntie of Brady Quinn because you went to Notre Dame Right? You better believe it, Mr. In fact, don't we have the Notre Dame fight? If I played the Notre Dame fight, so I'm gonna be there Oh no. I hate Notre Dame. I wish that he's ever gained every sport Even part cheesy I hope he will. Bad and bad and I really believe Glory to God. Yeah, that's bad and I love that stuff. Punch down Jesus. I wish great you could have tins out that kids Christ to go start your talk. He had Brady swinging. Mmm. Love it only the 560 WQA men. I was the same guy from yesterday. I was called about the A storm or whatever. It's not going to be. It's a tropical storm Maybe and it's way up there by the big curve by Jacksonville and Joja And they come and blow down your house. Just relax. Okay. Just relax you lunatic. You maniac. Third QAM. Hello. Hey, now. Yes sir. You're the thing that's not coming here. Yes. Hey, the center you admit you have a gambling problem. The center you can be saved. It's a... It's a... I have a god problem too. Yeah. You have no factory problem. I think there's a chemical argument. I think... Fag gamblers. Fag gamblers anonymous. WQAM. Hello. You're saying, oh dude, doesn't have the right to sit there in the restaurant. Is this a guy that just called a minute ago? Is this the same Jackass? No. Oh, different Jackass. Yeah. I didn't say he wouldn't have the right. I said the guy's got the right to. I... I... I... I didn't... I didn't say anything. I said he... I read the story. Yeah. Yeah. That's correct. And what not did he break? Murder? Yeah. What not did he break? Murder? Murder? Okay. But this... So you're saying he should be judged on that. I'm going to tell you... I'm going to tell you this. If you're an O.J. look or call the other guys across the street. Don't waste your time. We may sniff Jacks drafts on this station. But I'm not sure we don't sniff that hard. Okay. No, and especially his. Oh my god. The smell of blood and murderers in that Jacks draft. Gallons and gallums of blood. That's just what we need is idiots calling her to fend and go to jail. Simpson. I read the story. And I do agree with it. The guy got away. Anyplace you have a right to serve anybody. That's right. If what's his name would have come in there. John Wayne Gaysher and I'll say that if Ted Boney would have like wandered in between when they found him a couple of times. And the guy said, I don't think I like your altitude man. Get that out of here. I'm not going to serve your ass. And the interesting thing about him. It's not just the murders. It's the arrogance. It's the story said. Like the proprietor said, it's his own attitude. And of course the 80 million other incidents he's been involved in in Kendall. Every of there was a period of time there. Every other week he had some other law incident going on. But you know, don't confuse these people with the facts. He was a sports or Jack. WKM. Hello. You're a father for a deal. Yeah. Okay. Major spy report. You're going to die soon. And we're very excited about it. WKM. Hello. Hello. Yes. I think it's still got to be able to eat it. Whatever restaurant he wants. Yeah. Exactly. Kick his ass out. We're talking about a butcher. Stoo God's. See, I think that by, you know, the set up calls. That's going to get people to let me tell you something. I invite you to listen to Stoo God's and ask yourself, Hey, you know, like many of the people we have on a year. I like this morning. How can he possibly be on the air? I guess because daddy's got a lot of money. Just like Joel Feinberg daddy's got a lot of money. WKM. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? Pretty good. And what time do you think Kendall Evans going to start? Had enough to jack to pull to start interrupting our regular programs to show you. How about channel or hasn't he weather furry gotten up there yet? I don't think so. He's not in the eyes. I don't know. I can blow away. How big of a person? I'm surprised they're not in home depots right now. You know, turn up a friend. Let's get the viscway not man in the two by fours. Get the lumber in the two by fours. No, you bottle water. Yeah. There's nothing we need to go in on. Okay. I mean, you know, like, I got to be some wind and rain and stuff. Oh, but Neil, we're going to have a hurricane any minute. No, no, no, no. I'm not leaving all panicky. No, it's not coming across like Ontario. Trust me on it. I'm not the least bit panicky. Not that I'll care about all my close personal friends and even not so personal down there. But, you know, good luck to you. That'll teach you to be there. 1315 votes on the pool. Now, what what's your thought on that? Are we going to get to 14 my noon? Yes. See, I think 16, Henry will be a much more reasonable number. Where did he hook Chris came up with 60 to 17? You're a bad. I want a hardest part. And I've got to connect a rack to the long tire. And that's what we do. We put it more troops to get to a position where we can be in some other place. The questions you ought to make them decision. The Congress or the Commander. If you know my position is clear, I'm a commander guy. The time to level you as brave as they'll do. He wins your 10-day life. He's a commander guy. And the soldiers off your diet will throw down every supply of guitar. And with more of his hand. He's the pride to be at all. He's the sole proprietor. The boy who is surprised. He's born a big day in the battle. Bring the steeder of all time. Only in his time, I can see the truth. The boy is so proud. He's the sole proprietor. I'm going to have a choice. The fellow sir and national report, D.C. Two air traffic controllers take in the hospital. They're smoke in the tower. Wow. How do you like them? Don't look at me. I wasn't there. So here's the skinny. They say, why do they say that? I can't say that. Here's the skinny. Oh man, there's another expression that just makes me want to vomit. Makes me want to have dinner with O.J. Let me say it again. He's not allowed anywhere. There's all been big sharp knives in there. Not allowed new sharp instruments. Some friends will certainly be informed today off the southeast of the US coast more than three weeks before the official started the Atlantic hurricane season. The year's first name storm had top-to-state wind near 45 miles an hour. And we said it about 140 miles southeast of Savannah, Georgia. About 150 miles northeast of Daytona Beach at 11 o'clock this morning. Just a moment ago, the national hurricane was said it's moving west to the bottom of the city. And it's moving west to the top of the three miles an hour. In other words, it's barely moving. Isn't moving south or south or north? Is it going to be a big good stimulus? No. We're not looking at this system strength thing significantly. He said Richard passed senior hurricane specialist out the center. We're not viewing this as a major threat. Let me say it again. We're not viewing this as a major threat. Subtropical systems are hybrid weather formulations that are usually our weaker than hurricanes and tropical storms. They share characteristics of tropical systems which give their power from warm ocean waters at their centers. And more typical bad weather that forms warm and cool fronts collide. It's kind of a half-breed pass said, ooh, half-breed. Didn't you share seeing that sound half-breed? Oh, you know what? That's what I thought. Forecaster said, and we have the warm center characteristics or tropical storms. But its core is not particularly well defined. In other words, it's like a lot of the people that we talk to on the phone. Rotten to the core. 18 tropical storms and four hurricanes have been recorded as a maze in 1851. The earliest hurricane distract the US was Alma in north-west Florida, June 9, 1966. About a beat-footed boot put about. Some people forecast his grave, this is all part of an actual cycle. But theater government will panel out climate change, a UN-sponsored groups as global warming caused by humans has led to an increase in stronger hurricanes and the sky is falling and everybody take cover and spies a lot of the supplies. That's set of insurances on, right? Everybody panic. Right? That's a fulfillment did there for a second gives me a moment to a read the poll. I'll be reading the poll. We don't care about that poll. We want to talk about OJ. But that is an interesting question. Does a proprietor of an establishment have the right to kick somebody up because they don't like them or because they're crumet. Maybe because he's creating a disturbance. Right? Might be a question for a lawyer, but I believe that they have the right to personally. Yeah. We have the right to exclude anybody right to the state of the law. Just like on the third. You know, you know, you used to get faxes or letters from people. You're, you're cutting me off. What I called, you're denying me my first amendment rights. I like to know when the Constitution is to say, have a right to call a talk show. Right? I think the founding father, you'll not talk shows and idiots that call talk shows. I don't think the founding father's new about freaking talk shows. But if I say I'm long enough, I'll be old enough to be one of the founding fathers. Let's see. Did you know, our here of Jim Frank? No. That's what the fact is. He was news director of WOD 86. We treated Chicago where he worked for most of his career. He died last month. Following a battle with leukemia 66. He worked in late 60s at KSO Des Moines. And then Chicago most of the careers WCFL. And the former WMAC, who all knew succeed? First of all, WCFL, news radio, 70, maybe they changed frequency. But WCF, I used to be a thousand on the dial. 10, oh, 10, oh. Oh. Head of like our love in the 12 number at night. Oh, 0.0. Also, three last C FM TV commercials from the early 80s, featuring Greg Bude Dell, Ray D'Thomas Rich on Others of just surface on you. They're not just TV commercials. They're more like many movies. They sure are my creative problems like that. No mole. Well, that's good that it appeared on you. Sure, because WCF has got two more shows than he's hanging it up. Best of luck to you, WCF. You're a good guy. Did a hell of a job. Heck of a job, man. Even better than Brownie Brown. 13, 127, I bet if I click that. Maybe you might be up to 13, and 30. We're not going to make those 1700. Or because still 13, 27 for Christ's curse. For Jesus God's sake. They're going to come through. What would Jesus do if OJ came in his restaurant? That's what I like to know. You think he'd smile him or spied him? WQAM? WQAM? Hello. That's a thing for the public, spare way to serve. WQAM? Hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. It's pronounced TV and that's very good. You asked me yesterday. Tribune. What? We Tribune. Very good. Tribune? Oh, in France, you had Tribune. Tribune? Tribune? Tribune? No. Oh thank God for that. Okay. You can stay. Trad be in. That's right. I think in the fourth and fifth grade, I had to take French two years of that crap. Oh. Because that was in Rotten,chester, New York. We didn't have like no, none of your people. We didn't have to pick up a door. Short people? No. We only had some short frogs like Irvay Villasiers. And Robert Clarie, remember Robert Clarie? Sure. Hubbing zeros. Short Frenchman. George Tubi. No, man. Hull of the Bible. Hull of the Bible. No, man. He was? Yes. Wow. Why are we learning crap on a shore or why? Tribune. We. W. Yes, sir. I said, rather, but I can say that you're material. Sir, let me say this to you. Okay. I don't do the show for Sid Rosenberg. Okay. I don't care what he says. I'm not interested in if you want to be an O-John for back and to our an overgrown or a new one. This sounded like an old coop to me. You're too old to be a yenton, not actually the perfect age to be a yenton, so for that. That interested. Keep talking about me all you want, the loud mouth because I can use all the publicity I can get. We sure don't get any promotion from this outfit. I'll tell you that. So keep talking about make it the topic conversation every day. loser. said Rosenberg is saying this and over there across the street. We don't care like I said yesterday and the day before that. They're talking a big talk and when January full and at number falls off and the trends and the next rolling trend after this next month, then all of a sudden what's the story going to be right back where they were before with ones and twos. In fact, he's still got twos. Has he got any hour where he's got like a big number in there? No. twos. I know if I had a twos here or if we are beyond here. Oh, everybody see this sucks, but I'm the video like that. I don't care. Get a lifesaver grow up. Okay. You advance stage before they stick your old cranky ass in the ground. Grow up would be a real benefit to mankind. W2AM. Hello. Good. If you have to sign up in your restaurant, we refuse to rewrite the risk of service anybody. Then he can actually kick him out. Yeah. You know they have no signs in there, right? So we do have to write to not to refuse service here. Right. So they can't come out any left. Well, that's good. He brought me a couple of what a knife. I don't see what the big debate is except we got a kind of, you know, about to idiot out there who just want to make a big issue out of it because I think it's going to frost my ass. I really don't care what they think. The fact is he told them to leave and he wouldn't serve them any left and that's the end of the S.E.N.R. that tune. Yeah. That's where it goes. Found a buddy glove. That's how it goes. 13, 20, and a pull will be lucky to get to 1600. Christus overshooting. I toward your long time ago to do that. Don't set 13, 31. See that don't set on me list of goals for anything in life. Don't expect to make more than two bucks an hour next to you. Oh, I don't. Okay, good. W 2A N. Hello. 2A N. Hello. W 2A N. Hello. A.M. O.R. You my queen. Okay, sir. Have you tried the banana nut, the harvindas ice cream? No, I never heard of it. Really, it's new. It's pretty good. I mean, I know I shouldn't start your, the ice cream thing. Not interested. Not interested. Come on, a little scoop of banana nut. Come on, a little scoop. How about a little poop nut? No, come on. 560, 560 pound, 560 on the Verizon singular. Wireless line. It is so incredibly sad. So tragic. Zaytragic. Zaytragic. As they say in the Jewish parts of France. Zayr, the traggish. A pull published yesterday shows it close to 40% of Americans. Favorite impeachment of President George W. Bush. And vice president, Dick Cheney. A few serious observers think things will ever get to actual impeachment. And yet the American public seems more open to the concept than many imagined according to a new national pull-wrote Matt Tawrie, CEO of Inside or Advantage, which can reach the pull. The implications of this public sentiment could be huge for the 2008 presidential elections. The pull from inside or advantage majority of PINNASTA sample of 621 Americans. Would you favor or oppose the impeachment of Congress or President Bush and vice president Cheney? A total of 39% of answers to the favored impeachment. In opposition, we're 55% with 6% answering on the Saturday don't know. The rest are reading but not a nut. Power we noted that a high-proportive independent voters who've initially decided to let's favor it impeachment. A high-proportive independent voters. Inside or advantage of impraised by national media ranging from CNN's, for a visit to the Woodruff, who's not on CNN anymore, to Fox News's Bill O'Rollin, who appeared in a night-red newspaper, Washington Post, Washington Tom, New York Post, business week, US News and World Report, CBS Times, CBS Market Watch, but a meet-put-a-loop put about. In pizza, ass and do it soon. Fans also said radio. 5, 60, you a world, return you now to the Dolphin Draft for just a few of this. And then you will only enough to be listening to A.M. radio on Saturday. Welcome back. It seems that the coach, Cameron Suyzi, did not go with Brady Quinn. The New Dolphin quarterback will be a guy with a broken foot. Name the Monaco, they get, sorry about that cheap thought. I only looked at that friend, went, went, went. No, I bet Neil Rogers, the 800-year-old, is going to be obsessed with the Dolphin's didn't go with Brady Quinn. A stitch of both fights combined with wrench and body, odor, beer, breath and bad gas. Hubs over this performance of the Dolphin draft. You can use this kind to decide whether I sound more like Don Adams or John, I don't know. I am not for you youngsters, but I have the self-law and a cheer. Perfecto. Tridvian. 33, 27, I will know if you have a 13, 36 and a full. If we make it to 50, we will be lucky. Why did you just pass me 10 pages of the same thing? That wasn't meant for you. Well, that's where it came. Who was it meant for? The person that won't stop vaccine. Well, it just came here. That was a mistake. The person that won't stop vaccine, their vaccine number is 954, 316-6010. They're vaccine that over and over again. So I was fasting it back to them. Obviously, the wrong, I hit something. You hit the wrong, right? You wasted 10 pages of my time. I met a wife. And I just think he was a day. He was a little Georgia at the top. And I thought, why does this man do anything to me? Well, so I accept a page. Oops. Let me say it again. The facts number. If we want to put an end to this idiot who keeps vaccine and wasting our papers. 954, 316-6010. Right. That's how many people out there would like to vaccinate some crap over and over and waste all their facts papers so they can't be bothering us. No, no. That would be nice. That would be excellent. 954, 316-6010. I just mentioned that in passing. WQA and hello. Not there. QA and hello. Hello. One, two, three. Hello. Come and call the Google. Okay, that's our friend's lesson for today. Doug Thompson writes, mad man or prophet of doom, either way George W. Bush is nuts. He says, I've tried. Believe me, I have. I stepped back, taken a second look at attempt to give the president the US a second chance to prove he's not nuts. Won't work? Can't work. There's just too much evidence out there to show George W. Bush's out of his freaky mind. A statement last week during an appearance before the associated general contract is America iced it as Bush tried for the umpteenth time to justify his escalation of the war and Iraq along with his continued refusal to accept any timetable for withdrawal. He said, either we'll succeed or we won't succeed. And the definition of success as I described in this sectarian violence down. Success is not no violence. There are parts of our own country that we've got a certain level of violence to it, but success is a level of violence where the people feel comfortable by living their daily lives and that's what we're trying to achieve. Yep, that's what the man said. The quote above comes off as the official transcript. On the White House website, he said success is not no violence and followed that with their parts of our own country that we've got a certain level of violence to it, but success is level of violence where people feel comfortable by living their daily lives. Listen closely to what the man said. Iraq can never be a safe place to live because we have safe in our own country. But we've learned to live with it. Yet an assad in the same way Bush gave a pun in to the war all the reasons they need to pull out of Iraq. He admits Iraq will never be safe that our goal now is to make it relatively safe and reach a level of acceptable violence based on the American model. Hell, we're already there. Murderers, like O.J., kill 16 to 17,000 people in this country are beer and average of 43 to 46 people a day. So far, they see Iraqis are dying at the rate of 20 to 30 a day. Mission accomplished and acceptable of Levant's is achieved. Bring the troops home. Bag that is now just like East St. Louis. We brought all the fear and dread of violent American life to a new country democracy is served. This, of course, is a crazy conclusion based on inaccurate statistics. The for capita death rate from violence in Iraq is far higher. We have more than 300 million Americans to serve as father for violent death. They have give or take a few million refugees who have led the country about 27 million. Our per capita death rate is one tenth of theirs. But since Bush used inaccurate intelligence to justify his invasion of Iraq, like can't use an accurate statistics to bolster a case for withdrawal. Maybe the best way to deal with a crazy man is to offer even crazier solutions. After all, what's more crazy than the president of the West Army American people that we live in violent times in a violent place and might as well just learn to live with it. If what Bush says is true, then the efforts of the terrorist are redundant. According to the president, we're doing a damn good job of killing each other off on our own. And that's because we must accept the level of violence for the people feel comfortable by living their daily lives. God, I hope he's wrong, Doug Thompson said. Yet in this crazy world, even a mad man can be a prophet. And what's wrong with being an angry prophet denouncing the hypocrisy of our time? I'm a mad man, I don't think I think this is an evil move. Right? Right. Amen. Howard Beale for President. 1343 votes on a poll. Maybe by the top they all be approaching 14. I'm thinking we need to go for 16 today. Because first of all, it's really a work getting into dog days might be really, they must be because they know that all in hurricanes are coming and stuff and bad stuff is coming. That's big. Like these calls. WQA in hello. I'm just calling again my name, teaching out to tell a marker's list. WQA in hello. WQA in hello. This is a meeting timbers. WQA in hello. Amen. Right on. I'll take it right. Okay sir. I listen, that old Jake thing. You know that man's just pretty nice but so is old Jake. Old Jake got up and left for his 12 friends. That's why I'll let you know that. And? And you have a good day if you don't take it up, but you have a better bed. You're the worst. WQA in hello. Bited to children. Ha ha ha ha ha. Well, at least the end changes name me. If I was him, I'd think about it. WQA in hello. You're having a sore holiday today. Okay. All right. It will apologize for 24 years of chronic DVMP8. I'm sorry. I don't know. Is this Woody? Yeah, I'm sorry. No. Well, you sound so sad about it. Because I'm moving away. I'll never be able to call it them. Oh, thank all the best news. I've heard it. Hallelujah. I've heard it. I've heard it. I don't believe it for a second. We don't believe one. He isn't called a lot. I don't know this for. He's a picnic compared to one. Oh, no. There's no question. I'd rather take 10 calls from Woody than one from one of those other guys. What other guys? Those other guys. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, you mean those other guys? Yeah. Then I could imagine who you'd be talking about. Okay. Let's take a look at that poll. I haven't even ever eaten that result in quite a while. And since it's a lengthy poll, I should kill one, two, three hours. All you do is kill the time with the poll. Yeah. And when you've got to work all these heavy duty hours like I do. I'm the owner of an overactive blank. Sex drives. I'm a group of bitches. I'm thinking about it right now as a matter of fact. Craving for food, 195. Nothing overactive with me. 188 perfect people and we hate each and every one of them. Like poison. Fart maker, 157. Overactive imagination, 119. Bladder, 115. Sweat glands, 59. Bowels, 56. Let me, good slogan now for QA. I'm after the size book. Bowels, 56. And then the sort of 36 nervous system, 29. Most of our video talks are with nothing to say, 27. What a concept. Paranoia 23, first, 20. Overactive hyper-condria, six. And thyroid five. So what do you think about that? 160. Think I could do it? Yeah. No, you don't. About that. When should we have like a target that you could? I know you can. Ask me if I think you will. See now you're looking for, I thought you're going to give me like a little oral support there. Oh, geez. Did you have to put it that way? You know what I'm saying? I thought you're going to give me like a little pet on the back and say, I'm challenging you. I'm challenging you. I know you can. I'm going to ask. Yeah. With what? A stick. With a switch. You're going to decide what is a switch isn't like a thing. It's like a branch. If there's a branch, you're smacking a kid with. Like I think from the bushes man. That's right. And you tie it all up to it's like real nasty hard. Oh, this hurts like hell. And if they like look at your cross side, you whip the, you're whipped. You're going to grab out of there. Right, though. With it. And then if they still look at your cross side, you do it until a bleed and can't to get up no more. Heart fighters remain perched high on these long ladders, hoses and hands. This month in playboy, president will hope for Hillary Rotten, Clinton as you've never seen every before. I'm Hillary. I'm Miss April. But I hope to be Miss No Vembers. My measurements are 32, 32, 32, 32. But enough about my ankles. What's gets Hillary going? My turn-ons are government sending and men who aren't afraid to cry. And what shots are down? My turn-offs are tax cuts for the rich and shoving girls in their race. Spend some time with a democratic foot runner in the pages of playboy. My perfect evening would start with a conversation. Then maybe back to my place to do to each other. What the current administration is doing to the country. Check out Hillary Clinton this month. Don't you want to see my spread? Oh, only in playboy. What was your law yesterday? What how my power is too? Talk about going along, diet. 1360. That's the cat. Ketch the cat. What memories that brings back? 1360. Shirley Spellberg and Irf Schindler. And Jim Alton and what's your name? Lynn Russell. Oh, great. Then Russell's in the Canada. She's on one of the CTNU or the Canadian Networks. They've been here a long time. Stop spying all the time. Say, hey, how are you doing? The O was nice working with you 100 years ago. Not. I could tell you some Lynn Russell stories, but I probably better not. I've heard of Jim Alton story about how we tried to um, what? Have me go home with him then. I we at the, what was the Italian restaurant found around Sapecolo's? I was nice. First he tried to pick up the young waiter who was really hot as hell. And the young waiter wasn't a least bit interested. And then he tried to like a, oh, gee, I'm so lonely. And he'll come home with me tonight. He's dead anyways. I'm pretty sure. And even if he's not, it's a true story. 567. And the day that I got that desperate will be the day that I would just. I don't give you the end of that. And I'm not, I'm not that I'm some big catcher or anything like that. But wow. WDQAM. Hello. Welcome. Welcome. And we're a time. No, no, no. Yeah. Barbara Catherine and Stamil the timer. Uh-huh. Put those two together. You got South Beach and Cassina again. When I was down our last time for a weekend, I opened up the Sun's Sendle and who's got a letter to the editor. Who do you think about gambling? Uh, Cassina's staying worth her. There you go. Good guess. You know, you're going to be a good old, same old, stale man. That's stale. Like last year is Maksibri. Whatever that is. 567. 560. Pound 560. The Verizon Siguera Wireless Line. These called between yesterday the day man. Dead is a Dorneo. Also, I saw, you know, when you scrape off this. This scum. When you scrape that away, you know, like scraping off the fat. The rises is not when you put a bowl of chicken soup and a refrigerator overnight. We've talked about that. And that tickly roof fat. That scum is on the top. You have to scrape that away. That's when you take that away, we got nothing. 560. 560. Pound 560. And they were right. Which is okay because I got a huge pile. Even the queen never saw a pile like this. WDQA and hello. Nio. Yes, sir. I caught through the list. WDQA and hello. Oh, Nio. Yes, sir. I died. Okay. How you doing? Okay. I got through the list. Okay. Okay. This is about talking about age. You know, it took me that to say that by age. Number one, age is a blessing when you consider the alternative. Yeah. Number two, we not did know we just age it to perfection. Okay. Speak for yourself and me, go have a great life. Good luck to you. Whenever you got left, that means when you die, you're perfect. Oh, yeah. I can't wait for that thing. He was a perfect gentleman. WDQA and hello. How you going to go to rich charge that going away, potty? WDQA and hello. Can you, if you know, and jammy, you're meeting, or meeting is coming up the end of the list. Okay. Hey, give Joel Finder, give him kiss for us, honey. Okay. She said nobody around Joel's lap, and he's dialing the phone, and she's gone in. Still got this, and Jeremy, her me there, and bye-bye-bye-bye. Really books to holiday, me. In fact, today is pain, eh, honey. Wait for you to see what's in that envelope. Big, big fat paycheck. WDQA and hello. You know how many of you. WDQA and hello. Oh, nice to see you. Speaking. Well, yes. There is no god of, otherwise the candy would be the trick of dead already. Yeah. Don't keep trying, but he just thinks he's got bad aim, and how the Lord Buddha is, he's a screw-up. Well, I don't know, there is no god, otherwise that hole is in the administration of white dogs. Okay, great. WDQA and hello. Yeah, place him, jingers. WDQA and hello. Yeah, let me talk you about eight. Let's talk you about eight, man. Up to my eight. I think his whole family is called in now. 56705, 60, and<|th|>5, 60, on the Verizon and Singular, while it's lying. I could get that lying number, but you know, why would we want to compete with this? QA? Why do you want to compete with that? That's right. Who could? WDQA and hello. No, I can't. WDQA and hello. No! QA and hello. I'm looking for our good right. I'm Mexican restaurant in Southeast Asia. I don't really like you. Go and go and ask them Mexican Zell. They'll steer you in the right direction. WDQA and hello. QA and hello. I guess you dropped the phone right time. WDQA and hello. Jessica, I hear you. No, he's bitch. WDQA and hello. Yes. Here America, if you have the money to pay the lawyers, you can pretty much get away with them. You got me on it. That's correct. Is that supposed to be a perspicacious observation? Yes, because he had a murder. You know, if it's a refugee sensor, if you got the money, you can get away with them. If you had that money, where did you go? Well, where did you develop this fake accent? The basement most houses in Florida don't have a basement. You're probably banished to the basement. Wouldn't surprise me and just to finally sew by the way. WDQA and hello. Neil. I am dying to go to bed with French pellet. With who? With who? Who do you say? Prince Philip. Oh, Prince Philip. Oh my god. Sound of your queen to me. You're fairie. WDQA and hello. Yes, is it WQA? W1? Oh, Neil? Yes. Tell you. OK. I'm fine. You know, I'm from the South from Detroit. And you've eaten the safe deli, you know, that you, and I live in the Toronto for quite a while about 20 years ago. And there's some great restaurants in Toronto. I'm surprised you never even talk about them or go to them. Well, the reason I don't talk about them is because their audiences inflore them. They're really not interested in hearing about great restaurants in Toronto. They'll be like, how about great restaurants in the most dry, you know? Yeah, but maybe we can come down and visit the show. No, no thanks. Come down and where are you calling from now? Well, I'm calling not something we used to live in the plantation. Oh, and you see, come down there. Maybe somebody needs to get you a roadmap and a compass here. Where do you live in Toronto? I lived around York, Nielsen, Babyu. Uh-huh. And in fact, I put your satellite in for you when you're driving the quarter back and you had that cut for that hot attack. And you called me. I never had a heart attack. Well, you had a stroke of whatever it was from my, from my national satellite every night. No. Oh, oh, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah. Call the fair meta-sphemy. Wow. They've let them all out. They have let them all out. WCWN. Hello. WCWN. Hello. WCWN. L.A. Oh man, they threw me out of the stake house. WQAM. Hello. Hey, they're getting ready to tie Tommy's been for me? No. WQAM. Hello. Great show, Shots. Look out now. WQAM. Oh, wow. Wow. WQAM. Hello. Okay. I'm not a QAM. Here you are. You're having all. That's right. WQAM. Hello. All right. I'll tell you one thing. At least he's always there. We need him. We need him for a project practice. That's right. That's right. I might just take all calls the rest of the day. They're so good. 13.086 were a protein. Is it 13.086? Oh, we're not even going to get 14.0 by the end of this. I want to make 16 today. Chris, you're going to look pretty bad. You're going to come off looking foolish. Uh, you don't want to do that, do you? Maybe they'll come at pay. Oh wait. They can't anymore. They're irresponsible for it. If you just be screened in calls, man, we'd have a 40 share and things that would be hunky dory. Remember Jim Dory? Number eight. I sure did. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Can't fill it. Is it God? Oh, that is a Brit. That is a, oh my God. Can't believe that. Well, what would be the first queen he's left with? WQAM. Hello. The power of Christ compels those nappy headed hose. WQAM. Hello. Two things. Joe, look with the knees when you're throwing that death across the room. Number two. Hey, Joe, why the hell the seagulls fall on you down the beach? Get the wife for you. No, he's saying. He's smelly bitch. Not even if you get away. It's smelly bitch. So what do you think? I'm about what? Life. I think it sucks. I asked him to run first. I'm sorry. You're so morbid and depressed. Oh, yes, I'm asking the wrong person. I'm sorry. You're so morbid and depressed. Yeah. They have this amazing thing it's called suicide. I know. I know. Unfortunately. And then OJ content, he's got other remedies. I know the problems like you're trapped in life. The same reason for the same reason I'm trapped in marriage. People need me. Oh, I see. Well, that's good. Still worth more alive than dead. Still 1366 on there. We're not even going to make 1370. I think Eric is responsible. I think that he's got his thumb on a whole thing. Get your thumb off, Eric. The biggest name. The biggest name. He's a 22 by his name. I can't. I can't really do that. I can't do anything. No, what is that? He's coming. You better know where you are, Mr. But you said don't. Put all into Josh's fast and huff it. This is great. Inquit. Whenever I shape my balls, other than two of the meal rotters 12-1 hour. Looking for a great haircut at a great price. Hi. I'm John Edwards for Stupid Cuts. The discount family hair salon. Times are tough. And if your family is on a budget like mine, come on down to Stupid Cuts. Where a shampoo and a haircut is still just $400. That's right. Only $400. I brought my wife and two children to Stupid Cuts and she. It only costs $1,600. Wow. We had enough left over to buy this $300. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. We had enough for $500. The lowest reported prices were $277 in Broward and Dean Counties, and $290 in Palm Beach County. Despite the high-gash prices, Triple A Auto Club says, they expressed Florida mortars to take for the highways this summer. We're not hearing about any people postponing their driving plans to do the gas prices to say great in the Skoski, spokesman for Triple A Auto Club South. When the Club published his hits in the world, they weakened travel projections next week he added, I think we'll see a record number of travel, ignoring gas prices. He pointed out that, for the gas prices were climbing toward $3.00 last year. But many Florida Motor Resistance, the Club of the Helpline Cross Country Trips. In Ford Land 6 years he added gas prices were lower on the 4th of July than on Memorial Day. But did there something before it too? Remember I had that story yesterday $4.00 a gallon gas? It's coming soon to a station nearby you. We don't like to pay what we're paying now for gas, but we love our vacations and we'll give them up sale in case spokesman for the Travel and Disfears Association, a travel industry trade group which will wish you its forecast next week. People will probably make some changes around the ages yet, such as cutting one out of a trip, looking for more economic allowing and saving money eating out and also blowing their brains out, which saves a lot of money. Some of the cats in Armin, the French teacher in Western, said gas prices will make any big changes in her summer vacation. I'm planning the flight of Europe's environment, so am I. Katherine? She's got two teenage boys lives in plantation, so do I, Katherine when I'm there. Over there, gas has been four times what we pay here for many years in climbing as well. Even though travel organizations expect Canadians to continue driving this summer, members of the gas family aren't happy about pump prices. I think it's all our rules the way prices fluctuate as they do, said vealane Stevens are winner-stated, who lives in Lauderdale. I don't believe prices are rooted in supply and demand she said, because the real estate market, she's not planning travel to some of the real estate market tank. Thanks a lot. Prices seem to be manipulated by the Middle East, you know, and they have no luck with this country. She's talking about those friggin' Saudis as she's talking about those schmachterheads. Like Prince Bandar Bush, and they don't come no dollar than Prince Abdullah, and that whole crowd. You know what I'm talking about? Those great-body Saudis. That's who we should have bond right off the bat. Just to make us feel better and go on in there and stuck along. She wrote that the all-the-world feels and taken all their oil and send the back where they belong to reform school to the addresses. We can't do that to our buddies. Yeah, their buddies, the butt fact we should have said that Bush is over there with them. 1380 on the pool, like I said, our goal is 1500. Well, you were way off. See, you've got to get a better perspective on who you're talking to, which is basically, I guess from now until, and of course you've got the whole summer coming up. Most of it. Yeah. Maybe you can soon about that? About what? About Monday, Wednesday and Friday. It's not that far away, man. What's it, today? Today's May 9. I found county the days or anything like that. Doesn't matter what kind of job I do, doesn't. What do you mean by that? I was not going to matter to these people in here, so. Of course not. You can do the best job. You can do the best shows in the history of radio, right? In the history of the human race. And they're going to say, oh, the people want to hear a neale. Let's put some tape on. I'm going to tell you, Jolly Joe, seriously. You are an accident waiting to happen. You're an impediment to my enjoyment of life. And you really think I'm going to sign for two more years with this grave robber with these lunatics. Yeah, I'm glad I dragged their heels on this. Because that's something that I mean, what's the rush, first of all? What's the big rush? I got a year in the two thirds left anyway. What's the big hurry? I don't know. I got money that hasn't been printed yet, okay? I could walk out of here right now and just never miss a meal. I believe it. I believe it. For as long as I live, I can get up out of this chair right now. So this business about one, it's a second big. I think God, I didn't make that bad mistake. Because today when I walk out to the door and of course today that they've taught you, I'm sure I should be the same thing. Then they're going to say, oh, gee, let's put Chris more on again in the majority. Look up back to the numbers. They had before me. Right. He runs in two. That's correct. And of course, we may be having ones in two by then. How based on what they're doing to us now? Uh-huh. We can't say, and we can't play. Yeah, and we can't do. Yeah. What's left of the show? Your voice. Just me. Just me. In fact, I'm carrying it on my back. I'm an ancient, I'm almost 65 years old. I'm almost a senior citizen. I'm an old fart. Can you smell it? We can't play it. We can't make this sound out. But, you know, we can feel it. We can feel it. I'm going to tell you when I cut when I feel it. Just to make sure that it's so what I was hoping it would be. And not what I was hoping it would not be. You know what I'm saying? You got to feel it. Oh, and of course, if it's what you were whole while, I don't want to get too grap. You'll start like you did with the queen and her body. Yeah, boy. What was that all about? You were extra psychotic. I hate royalty. So what's that kind of thing? She still takes a dump. Ah, she takes a royalty dump. Oh, now speak of that. They were flushed. Yeah, really something. Oh, or really? How about this? Just let it go. Go ahead. And now a royal flush. No. Well, that was pretty good. That was fine. Kiss kind of easy good morning. I'm playing that. I'm playing the original one. Double dog area. Coach, your cocker. Let's play it. Coach, more stairs. More whole way. First did one. Chris, there's you to play that. More whole way. Five, six, six, six, six. It's out of the name. Dildered up date with new Dildered head coach. Oh, how we did it. No, come here. Your coach. Alright. Where's all this stuff in there that we actually can play? That's just a pricing move up. At least four or five of them. Anyway, 13.82 on the pool. I'm not going to read the result. There's just too many choices down there. And what, what's the full question again? I put them on. Oh, I'm the owner of an overactive sex drive and y'all these things. Of course, sex drive. What's wrong with that? There's nothing wrong with that. No. No. No. No. No. And out. Huge oceans swells to the day-to-day. So huge swaths of sand of local beaches. Sanctuary, foot-visual in Lantana. And destroyed a maintenance here that workers in Jupiter tried to desperately to say, I hate when those maintenance heads go down. The havoc was courtesy of a strong system of low pressure. First along with Georgian Sapk Carolina coastline. That's sent to Swal's in gust of wind. Up and down the east coast. Swals were expected to drop a low nine feet over. And I go we're subsiding the slowest in Palm Beach County. Court of the National Weather Service. Getting back to my rant. I might just do it till 2 o'clock about this whole thing. With the Norma Kent and Joe Bell and Jolly Joe and Bruce Beesley. And this and at least people are like, you know, and like we're in the middle of a maelstrom, you know. A maelstrom? Whether or not Joe Rose comes back is still problematic. You hear me ask clearance every day. Is there a chance he's a, what the, what the, oh, we don't know, yeah, but we've been moving up and he runs out of there. Like a, like a simple thing, you know, which he is. Like a like a pitch-a-land child. Like a child has been thrown a hand grenade. And doesn't know whether to put it in his mouth and pull the pin and just stick it up his ass. I mean, what, what are these people thinking about? You know, what we're just going to continue as it is that this is the same thing that Joe Bell, then when he first came in as you recall, you're in half of it. Remember that? And I kept going on here saying, what are they waiting for? When are they going to do something? When is this man going to get off his fat R cell right? Remember that? Yes, I do. And months and months and months went by in the attrition and the erosion. Talk about the beaches he wrote in my guide. It was like, we're like, watch in a, you know, how that when they blow up the buildings, the old casinos and vagus, you know? It's like watching one of those. I'm surprised the whole thing didn't fall down when they brought his fat ass in there. So, Norma, can't you can have all the conversations you want. You can drop all the papers and send all the time. You're just, you're spinning your wheels, baby. Go back and print your fat newspaper, whatever you're doing. And leave me out of it. Got a year and two thirds. So, I'm going to show up every day that I'm supposed to, which I think, and that year and two thirds, I got about 15 days. I got to work in that time. And I'll show up all 15. Right on time, right here in my box of shorts. Looking really fancy, fancy, fancy on my nice chair here. And that's it. And when that time is over, by, by, I'm going to, I'm going to have me a really good time. You know what I'm saying? I have a no-agent. See, I'm lucky in every garden is that I'm still in good enough shape and spite of my bad eating and spite of all the, you know, the fact that I'm an old-fat, you fact, in spite of all of that, that I can still have a pretty damn good time. I can go here and I can go there and I can travel. And I can do basically whatever they, if I want to do. Yeah, you don't even need one of those little scooters. And I don't have one of those. You had all the woodbind, and you only knock it out with that. You know, woodbind where they have those machines at the horses run on. Treadmills. This has got to be some of the worst erosion, said John Johnson, the 17 year veteran of Lentend is Marine Safety Units, other lifeguards, can deceives for surface, women's and voters. This was all in tech last night. We're just hoping our lifeguard tower doesn't go. Oh, geez. I wonder if we still have the lifeguards listening, remember them? Yes, we do. Of course that one British one, who is very annoying. Not that we ever had an annoying caller. It's been murdered there. I'm talking to him. Yes. I agree. Yes. Extra annoying. Yes. Waves smashed you a barricade of 2,000 sandbags and a few steel pilings to pull a cement and metal maintenance shed mostly out to sea in Jupiter Beach Park. Waves also dislikes a 60-foot sailboat that ran around the north of Juno Beach during the March 31 storm. Well, the sky is falling. There's no question about that. It's like when people live in those houses that are built on the edges of cliffs and there's a mudslide. Oh, gee. Why do people live in the oil? Because they're stupid. Then you think that's a good answer for the question? Perfect. Why do people live on the edge of the cliff? Maybe because they have a death wish. Why do people live in South Florida? Damn, as dirt. To now, that's the sub-selfin delgined 560. Morning show, grad. Surgery, grad ratings by, growing, for our friend. You know what I want to watch a game? I want to be left alone to enjoy my man fantasy. I just want the other 50,000 people in this stadium to just disappear or die or something. You know, like black Sunday. Sure, that's the situation. Look, whenever I sit my giant ass down on a bleacher, I want to drink my beer and enjoy the game. Oh, yeah. How do I enjoy a sports event as an important and exciting topic to discuss in our morning show? Hey, guys, there's a tornado warning. It was a situation, man. I expect to stay that alone long to the men's room. I bring my home bottle. We have like a wall of tornadoes approaching the station. Two. No, tornado. I'm just like, you know, dude, our job is to numb the audience, not inform. That's the situation we've got. Okay. We have a comedian joining us on the show tomorrow. I'm Milton Cayman, Junior. Wow. Yeah, but now this guy is a first glass comedian. I mean, he'll have you in stitches. Hey, sports related, you'll be right. Oh, sure. I mean, not like the political or anything complicated like a situation like that or anything. Yeah. So, to an inch of our for some sideaking laughter with Milton Cayman, Junior. I think we deliver a good product on this radio. Oh, yeah. Yes. This radio thing. What do they say? We scored a ward in the good book. Yeah. We'll see, man. We're number one. Sure, smells like it. Okay. And, you know, we're going to stop by 18 in 560 WCM. I've maddogged two of them the humper and the maddog between four and five with that power hour. That's kicking some big fan. Well, that's the man. So I can't tell you who's and then humpers solo 5 to 6 30. And we got your Marlon Game. Marlon's in the Dodgers. Followed by the ADK Show after the game. You're going to be glued to the radio for all that anxiety and sports on. Well, we still can't get to 14. I don't know what Elk Chris was talking about. 50,000 votes today. What were you thinking, man? Talk about see this is what happens when you get carried away. I would just remember. and you don't understand your surroundings. When in down there bailing out, we've been stuck on 1387 now for like 10 minutes. So either Eric has got his foot on the break. Are you breaking it again? Eric up there? He's breaking it. Just like Greg broke the radio station, and Joe came in and just stomped on all the pieces. Wouldn't that be a good analogy? And that is a great way to describe what happened? Okay. Greg dropped the egg and then they brought in Joe. And he just stomped on all the pieces on the ground. And just smashed the beans. What happened to your partner? I said it works for me. Yeah. Still 1387. I've hit that view of current thing 50 million times. And it doesn't move. It's not one more vote. I think everybody who's listening voted. Maybe there are running to the phone to call. Do you think so? Yeah. 1387. This is just stuck there. I think Eric's playing with us. He's playing with our mind. Or like I said, maybe everybody's gone by by. Troopers temporarily showed that An alligator rally in both directions this morning because of poor visibility from smoke from a 13,000 acre wildfire neighboring country, county and from forest fires on the state line. But we open much of the tool road by 11 o'clock this morning. The coast is clear. Some of it. FHP spokesman's margin margin mark wise sake. I love that name. Wise sake said heavy smoke during the 80 mile mark and Coddy County prime to the closing of the tool road both east and west Places around 7.45 an AM. Do cross drivers would have to travel south on US 27 to 10 year Meatria North to state road 80. Southern Boulevard. Wow. Talk about a long way around. Took the long way home man. But why socky said the visibility on the tool road improved late this morning and alligator rally we open for west bond drivers and brought around 11 o'clock. However west bond drivers left west to that mile mark or 80 or state road 29. Then go south to US 41. Everglades city and then the jump in the water and swim to Cuba. Wow. What a mess. Another good reason not to be there. I'm wondering if this thing isn't there's a malfunction of the junction you think so. We just overloaded it because there are so many people on their floating now do you think? Well last year. Yeah. No. 13. I got you got 1390 that's three more. They're just tripling in. See they don't want us to show off here today. We could have but they're just not there. They want to get their travel in there started now before we get $5 gallon gas which may be not that far off. Poor Barack Obama man he made a little a misstatement there. You've got tired and the. That's it. Well. Tell over. Mr. state. He made a mistake and of course they're on his assman 24. He's got to do his blank look cross out of somebody. All Barack Obama that dark and collected guy you know. And it campaigns slip of US Democratic presidential hopeful Barack Obama dramatically overstayed the number killed by recent tornadoes and Kansas in case you missed it this week there was a tragedy in Kansas. He said adding the 10,000 people to die. The real number of people killed was 12. Not 12,000 just 12. Mr. Obama later appeared to blame terrorists for the gap. Senator Swery Clinton currently enjoys a double-digit lead over Mr. Obama the National opinion polls. This is in the BBC website by the way. As if you can trust those brits with a bad rotten teeth. A spokesman later said Mr. Obama had meant to say at least 10 instead of 10,000. Well, these 12 is at least 10, right? Okay. During his speech in Democratic Senator from Illinois did however appear to realize his mistake. There are going to be times when I get tired. He said they're going to be times when I get weary. They're going to be times when I make mistakes. Like how the queen she's in America's friends since 1776. Go on. Go ahead. Well, that was just one of those moments. You know what I mean? One of those moments when you realize what am I doing in the logical moment? There's the rotten old bitch. There's humorless old sal. 12 people are known to have died across the state of Kansas when it was struck by a series of terms over the weekend. And a campaign rally on Tuesday and Richmond of Virginia Obama said the Bush administration's war in Iraq had affected the response of the tornadoes. Turns out that the National Guard in Kansas only had 40% of the equipment and they're having to slow down the recovery process of providing Kansas, Mr. Obama and saying it was echoing remarks made by Kansas Democratic Governor Kathleen Sebe Diaz who would say the residents of Greensburg had suffered because of a lack of military equipment for the recovery. I don't think there's any question if you're missing Trump's home-based in helicopters at the response is going to be slower, she said. A White House spokesman hit back at the criticism saying there was enough such equipment in other parts of the country to come to any state aid. But a beat that a boot put about. And of course we know there's no National Guard in Iraq. One of the great third commentators of all time, which was the beginning of the demise of W.Q.N., he was a good part of it. With those checkered pants in that nasty piece, man. That's, you know, once he took the piece of it, sir, crawling around the building. Remember that? People were trying to put people were trying to step on it. That every day go to work, PC, whereas, opposed to the special one on the weekend, to go to Schuill on high holiday piece that he used to wear. 1394, we'll be over 1,400 maybe by 1 o'clock. Oh, man. Talk about falling short of expectations. Not good Chris, I guess this isn't going to be a banner day. You're going to write down the entire diary, right? No. The entire diary, today we sucked big time. We thought we're going to have 50,000 votes on the full. We had about four. Why do we need to do it like this pool? If you have a weed to resolve again, I don't think so. I don't want a rate of twice. I don't want a good. I'm not going to do it. I don't want it. I don't want her. You can have her. She's too fat for me. Oh, Kala, a 17 year old boy was growing marijuana on vacant property owned by O'Cellot deputy police chief authority of B.C. Deputy Chief Greg Graham, a city was told about the plants by neighbors on Saturday. He had bought the lot two months ago as an investment. Deputy's with the Martin County Sheriff's Office confiscated nine poted marijuana plants on the lot. Graham said he's known the team was not identified because of his age for several years. I have no idea why he picked my property Graham said a neighbor witnessed a teenager who would have a lot on Friday, according to a Sheriff's report. He was about 100 yards from the team's home. Neighbors said the team's presence on the lot seems suspicious. Just like what's going on at QA, I'm seeing this suspicious as nobody can be this stupid. While the investigators run the property, they spotted the team walking toward it according to the report while he was pretty stupid. He admitted the plants were his and the these smokes were a one. All my God, a 17 year old Pucks smoking wacky weed. God will tell you when and as we knew it. He also had pictures of the marijuana plants on his camera cell phone. The team age of which charged with coloration marijuana and taken the county's juvenile assessment center where his brains will be blown out of taking finance. Spence of how manure, puffers over this performance by the golfer. Uma Anderson is a real guy co-customer, not a professional actor. So to help tell her story, we hired professional actor, Alec Baldwin. My daughter just got her license and had a little friends to binge her at the mall. What's she is a rude, thoughtless little pig? Oh, she called very excited on herself phone. Once again, she's pulling this crap with the damn phone situation. So I told you I called Guy co- Your mother is a thoughtless pig in the guy co-customer. I'm going to fly out there for the day and straighten your out. I'm really going to make sure you get it. Guy co was a lot nicer than some people I know. I'm tired of playing this game with you. You have insulted me for the last time. Guy co, real service, real savings, real bad parenting. I wonder what Kimba Volcan for things are the phone situation. What do you think about that? 1401 on the pool. I ride. I was getting a little nervous there. If we didn't make 14 ever than versing, wouldn't it? Because before you get to 15, you got to get to 14. That's what I was once told. So I didn't have a idiots to grab an out sharpen. Who recently urged that radio host down I must be fired for making a racially insensitive remark. What was that remark? And that he allegedly made a way to get it. That we had it hose. How said in the debate that those who really believe in God will defeat Republican, they robbed me for the White House. That's what Al Sharpen said. Who is one of the most bigoted out of notches, loudmouth, disgusting pieces of turd. And a lot of stuff that he said, you know, he's a liberal one. And I agree with much of what he says. I still can't stand him. That's why I always kills me. Oh, you know, you agree with Gilmar, what he says? Big deal. But Sharpen, he was questioning the Mormon's own belief in God. Rather, the New York Democrats said he was contrasting himself with Christopher Hitchens, the atheist author he was debating at the time, the anxious Christopher Hitchens. The atheist need to be represented by him. Like Jews need to be represented by my landscape. By him and Roth excuse me. Sorry. As for the one Mormon running for office, those who really believe in God will defeat him anyway, so don't worry about that. That's a temporary situation, Charleston said Monday. Oh, what are you going to do about that situation? During a debate with Hitchens at the New York Public Library's Vol R. 10 quarters. See, there's some French crap for you. Vol arts. And I said, right, B-E-A-U-X as in how's Vol Dilly doing? How's Vol Vol camper doing? With a situation. The camera was first reported yesterday in a blog on New York Times website. The Romic campaign, which has been wary of campaign for El Criticism of Romney's faith, was spotted aggressively to disrupt and comment. If elected Romney would be the first Mormon to serve as president, he got about as much chance of getting elected as I got elected to the dog catcher of Ashwa Ontario. It is terribly disheartening and disappointing to hear Reverend Sharpton offer. You know, that guy from the satellite thing I called earlier that that's just set me back a hundred years. Did it? It's like an ash hole alert. It's like all of a sudden somebody, and remember I talked about the flamingos and the guy blows the whistle and they all line up because they know it's feeding time. It's like somebody blew the whistle or blew something. Smoke. And they all lined up and just took their turn. Wow. That guy. Oh, you just live in Toronto, 800 years ago, and this is a good, how can we not talk about the restaurant? Because nobody cares. That's why nobody listening to me now cares about good restaurants in Toronto or in the Mississauga or in Kingston or anywhere. It's terribly disheartening at the disappointing. Here, Reverend Sharpton offers such a polling comments about a fellow American's face at Romney, Schrokesman Kevin Madden. America's the nation of many fates and common values and bigotry toward anyone because of their beliefs is unacceptable. This is the same Al Sharpton who helped to get the I'm as far with his nappy headed a hose, and he's a talk in crap about the moron. Romney himself chained in Monday, and he's a person on the Fox News program, Hannity and Colms. I think there are differences between different faces of this country. And there'll be battles between different religions, Romney said. That's a great thing about this country. We don't decide who's going to be an orphan's face, not much church they go to. Oh yeah, you'll see, Al Sharpton will show you a thing you're too like his big fat cheek, huge imagine they asked on him. Rather not? God. What an Aussie eating thought in the middle of lunch hour. I apologize for that. That's bad. In a tape of the debate, Sharpton can be heard defending the role of religion in the civil rights movement, and shunning any suggestion that there was no religious underpinning to the efforts of his leader, the Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr. then Sharpton spoke of Romney, although it's a tape review by the AP doesn't reveal why. And later in the view of the AP, Sharpton and I'd question Romney's belief in God, and suggested there are, I bet you believes in God in Marie, that's good enough for me. If you got depirable by Dony and Marie, I think you played it one day. What I guess that was really a good word. I don't know what to say. We had no temporal and equal Stevens, right? Right? And then I had, I'll find it. I'm a little slow because I'm old. No temple here. No temple here. No one is ready to go out of the business. No excuse. And then I said that it really wanted to do. I could play this. I said if I wanted to have to play this version, too. Unless you have an abortion to this version. I can know a version. This is because Dony and Marie sounds like it. And he's like, you know, old and hairy and necklaces. No one knows. I feel the noise about singing. Yeah. I just, I didn't just play it. Right? I'm sure. You might have converted it. I don't think. You would have ripped it back. You couldn't have done it right off. I was really shocked. But he wasn't really upset. I tried it on a humble full of it. I told you. I just did it fine in the only man. That's very typical of every woman I've ever met. Everyone. Really? I've never met a woman I didn't like. They're ready to rock and roll. I never met any woman's other than him. And of course, his nasty wife said it in the control room there. You weren't there. It was probably very nice. You just said that my face page gets his necklorrins. Really? No. Why was there that long pause when I said it? It was just computing that. Who was my team? I think he made it in my producer at that time. Now, the mention. Yes. Yes. He was. And he asked to be added. And of course, I immediately looked in there and I said, sure. No problem Nick. You're my pleasure. And that exciting or you don't seem to be good. So, a day out of my space news. Alicia, once you check out her and her sexy friends on their free webgames, today on my space news. My space news. You're lonely and we watch a week. You. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, lots of holes. I don't know if they're an api editor. Not for the sir. A lot of holes that try to like, you know, hop on your space in your place on your face. Oh, yeah. I'm nothing. Aren't there? All the time. Anyway, what I said was that we would defeat him meaning as a Republican Charpentine said a Mormon by definition, believes in God. They don't believe in God the way we do, but by definition they believe in God. Well, which God's got the Tony? That's the question. Which God would Jesus believe in? WWE JDI, baby. VBGI, J.I. What would Jesus believe? Not this crap. I'll guarantee that. He said he was contrasting in the Southern other believers with Hitchens who's the author of a new book God is not great. I think what he was really writing is, Oh God. That's not great. The legendary thing he used to be great and that he worked for Joe Bell and went straight to hell. Last month, Charpentine loved the cause for images. After a talk show, the talk show was referred to me while we know that. And that he had his holes. Big limits. So, faith. I hope he gets 180 million from CBS and helps with the CBS eyes. There's crying. It starts off flawed like Allison Wonderland. I hope they drown in their own tears, but they're wussies. Here's the fact that says from fantastic, free to the freedom fighter. You better get your facts right, Mr. It says he sounds like they're freaking birdstander, which he's trying to do badly and not a good job. I'm not defending OJ. Oh, oh, here we go. There's something I'm not even gonna waste my time. I'm not going to waste my time. If you want to waste your time defending a double murderer, a slime ball, a low-life piece of a third like OJ Simpson, go right ahead. You have all the right in the world of waste your time and I don't want to talk to you. I want to know from you. I don't want to spend you. I don't want to be down winning from you. Just go away. Leave me alone. Go pound your BS somewhere else, Mr. Freedom fighter. How are we doing on that pole? We're going to get the 1450 or what? 1407. Now, do you think we can get to 15? I don't think so. Yes. The way this thing is slowed down will crawl. 1410. There's a little chunk there. A little chink in the arm or OJson said that. 21 before one, everybody is so sensitive and so uptight. Here's Al Sharpton, the dark-complexed racist who's all worried about Don I'm isn't helping him fight because he said that he had a hose. And then he had, I was on a show before I was finally got a can. And all you should be talking, I'm going to say something about being a cracker or something like that. And don't be picking on your own people now either. You know, again, I'm out of here. Cut the crap, okay. Quit with the race card, Bullcraft, Al. You phony baloney. You goof off. You fairer that too. Powered David's a bitch. That's a loole. So the next time you're on the toilet. There's a way you can save the planet. A ride. When you clean your scepto, it just wants. But you're gonna wanna wet again. Life, baby you'll want all my book and but just don't eat. Oh, what's where is the greenest? Wake you can wipe once where is the greenest. Wake them. If you love the planet, you won't be a snort. Everybody wipe like me and I'll go. Once where is the greenest. Wake them. Think when you wipe once where is the greenest. So come on, everybody warm to your heart. Anybody have to wipe up with some skin marks. Once where is the greenest. Yeah, what's a few skin marks among friends, right? There's no way they make tied and sheer and all other good stuff. 1246, 14, before one. One square for our customer man. That's what they had to start doing. It's like when you go to some hotels especially in Europe. Some of them do have rules to toilet paper. But some of them have those dispenses where you pull out like little neck and size. And of course you always pull out a whole bunch of, you know. And you water them up. Okay. Maybe they can do that. They have little dispenses and you bathroom. Each time you pull a little shit out of the beach. Just like one square. Yeah, but what is it? What is it? Is there a timer between how many times you can pull on that thing? Because I don't know. You can only pull out one and then think it automatically shuts off. Oh, until you're next until they're Beethoven's next. That was wrong. We mean that's wrong. Terribly wrong. That'll kill us. Sure. Sure. Yeah. You want to be green, baby, and believe me. Tell you a lot of things you do. I got news for you. As you walk around among crowds of people, you turn green all right. So maybe that's what she's talking about the greener. Wow. You turn real green. You know what I mean? Because I seen some real stuff. So guess what? Yeah, every 20 votes on the full. I don't know if I'll make 15. I think Chris is yes. I say, uh, great dubious. Very into the whole negative. I'm telling you, it's slow down to a crawl, baby. It's that time of the year man's main night. All the Jews are gone. All the, uh, all the Cubans are gone. Everybody's gone. Anybody with more than 40 senses out of town. You could see that starting yesterday. Yeah. The radio station Cincinnati said that it's taken down Billboards that upset his spanic leaders and opposed the Statement of Regret on its website. Here we go again with more politically correct. Which area of the story? It's so sad. So stupid. Billboards for WLW. Very famous. By the way, 50,000 watt station Cincinnati's video ratings. Leader, WLW. The picture of Mexican flag. A donkey and a mustache. You're a man in a sombera with a headline. The big one. J. U. A and one. The station calls itself the big one. Go to a big one or show a croaker of said. A big one. Now, did you find anything offensive about that? No. A Mexican flag, a donkey and a mustache and a man in a sombera. Or I said the big one. Why would I be offended by that? Hey, why, why does he hate Mexican? I don't hate them. I'm just not one. We sincerely regret any offense created by our recent billboard. And as the statement said, we moved quickly last week to request immediate Removal by the billboard company. They were in the final stages of that process. It says, I think I'm really in my billboard. I'm taking down two all over South Florida. Keep an in billboards of custom, arm and four legs. 14, 22 on the pool there. They're creeping in but nothing really nothing spectacular. Not the fact we were accustomed to. 14, 25. You see that? Now they're coming in by the threes and threes. Maybe they'll come through for us today. But I sure doubt it. Stop being so negative. I have my real boss. If we make it to 1500 man, it's going to be a un maracle. Maybe I'm telling you that right now it's going to be truly. I'm going to be right back to. More than that's about to come in New York times. You want to hear it or not? Yeah, one here twice. Okay, I'll read it once and then you record it and then play it again. In fact, that's what we're doing. If your bellhead is way with those tapes, doesn't you understand you can't play tapes. It's not timely. The whole thing that it shows we talk about. Let's go on now today. You know, not four days ago and three days ago and six weeks ago. So because this man don't get it. And it improves measly. They're like putting failed products on the air. You know, something like that. They're talking about 2009 and 2010. I'm going to be in 2009 if I'm still alive and 2000. Let me let me answer in two words. Two words right here. That's it. Meaning not on the station. Meaning retired it. That's it. Fini though. How I let Norma Ken and you know something. He started after I told him I wasn't interested. He started the whole deal with Joe Bell all over again behind my back. He said I'm a fan of you. That's you. Very. I told you that didn't I? They're having these conversations about the extending idea about to be put up open. You can forget about it Norma. Get lost. Get lost. That's all I need to do is commit myself. I will be committed. Another almost four years of these people and they're kind of their concept of a radio station. I think we all need to sit around the square table and just a jaw off about it. Marine dances. Beauty's been chased off by the beast. But he's enough to chase off anybody. Now France waits to see just how ferole and domineering Nicholas Sarcazio will be. They lovely said you're lean and I again so French word. I'm not royal. More phenomenon than politician. Reign a maternal manicure in the campaign. Painting a retention of the podium started to potent as in a more political animal. And a brute who's less than what's brought rise in sort of a civil war. They luminous say go to not even the damed would rest at our circle by name. If we're in the beta or in our concession speech Sunday night. Our tunis said depicted a tough guy who bullies rivals be face mentors and cause young trouble makers and low income housing and per se are both scum as a gargoyle, Dracula and evil sorcerer and a devil. Fakula. The imagery of the presidential dual tapped into the mythic Gothic tales of France like Beauty and the beast, the Phantom of the Opera and the hunchback of Notre Dame. And we're not talking about Brady Quinn. He ain't no hunchback like that. By the way, what? What? Oh, I thought you were done. I'm not going to. No, I wouldn't be by the way, something. I mean, I didn't even close to being done. You're a pleasure. You know what I'm done. I'll be pulling off a square toilet paper. With Hungarian Greek, in fact, I could use this paper here. Looks like it might do the job. But Hungarian Greek and Jewish roots with a father who deserted and be little him. With his generally ambition and pugnacious talk. Sarko is jolting the inbreed in innsular and introspective world of elite French politics. The far right is called him a foreigner with an unhappy marriage. And a segul advisor scored him as an American neocom with a French passport. He's an Arabist. They said Bruno Ratmeidou, owner of vintage shop in Paris, from the beginning he was someone who would sell his mother as fast as possible to get ahead. Or as an elegant, Parisian woman who voted for Segur Warren, who weren't guests at a post-flexion dinner party, he's like a little Donald Trump. Segur was serene and protective, but vague. Sarko was kinetic and pushy and concrete. As it turned out, the French wanted to be proud and even more than they wanted to be pampered. Perhaps they decided they have to stop being sluggish so they could continue to be supercellious. Liberals, mocked Sarko's campaign theme, a French that wakes up early. Girard VR wrote a piece of the far left weekly paper Charlie Hebdo. And, don, I ripped myself out of bed. I took a cold char put on some mismatch socks and down eight of his fresers I headed out to meet France in the morning. The French that wakes up early would rather stay in the sack. But even some who voted for the woman who would have been first lady, France, President, they didn't want their country to calcify. It's not President, that's Spanish. But I want to have it in a hell of a business in France. I don't care about their French, they make me sick. Who has a 35-hour workweek said Philip Rosenz-Hollis tells other chairs. Sarko wrote in his political book, Testimotive, that France is not a museum and must find the energy to succeed. It is acceptance, we, if you say, we rehabilitate work and advise it from us to be a presidential entrepreneur. Just as soon as he comes back from his yachting vacation, it says. One ice-paincreate friend of mine observed that the French are not lazy, they just want to leisurely lunch. At a perish-thream market on a beautiful Sunday afternoon, the vendors didn't eat fast food or take out at lunchtime. They set up tables with tablecloths, tried and crystal and joined other vendors to dine on holes, whole roasted chicken, fresh salad, dread and wine. And some would not interrupt their meal eating for shoppers who wanted to buy their wares. When I was reading newspapers during lunch at a left bank hotel to make a de-approach, you were a journalist he pleasantly accused me and climbed at only such a robotic American creature could work while eating. He had a point. Nearby in the lobby, Kevin did news was having fun smoking and drinking wine with girlfriends, surrounded by Chanel bags full of Chanel bags. They don't want to draw a lot of the devise. See, I get to these friends especially from her. I'm going to kill her. But after I did not have her to be whipped into shape by girl sergeant Circo, they want the fire plug to flood France into modern capitalism. The French think should be bound past the Celtic tiger. He wants to make people work and make more money. Said one French for a French woman I know. The French are children who love to be beaten. Circo's you're saying go to your homework or I'll beat you. The French need to be told that they need to be beaten. You're right. They'll be translated and watch Circo try to discipline the French and change their psychology about work. Well, they discipline him, brolling in their can of Berca Coon chasing him was he did a signal. The mood here was best summed up, they take on an old Betty Davis line. John DeHormason, a commentator in the figure or advice. Fasten your seat belts. This will be quite a lie. Not as good as the way I read that story with all the fraud words in. I'm so sorry, not. I did better than some. Worst and most in better than some. And what were you going to say? I wanted to thank Chick-fil-A for bringing in the monstrous load of food because it's a 40th anniversary. I would like to take full A. Thank you so much. And it's good. And it's great. And there's opening up a free standing restaurant. All over the place including one in Miramar. They're giving away a whole bunch of stuff. And they brought it in a ton of food and up to feed the Chinese. Our me, my wife, my mistress, everyone. Thank you Chick-fil-A. Everybody loves Chick-fil-A. Yeah. I don't know if I like Chick-fil-A. I never have these days very much. And especially right now. And how about Chris? Is he going to be picking out in there or what? Don't you? Don't you? Don't you? Chick and baby. Been there. Oh yeah. Chickens are not bad if it, you know, you don't need all the fictions. I just had a couple nuggets. I got a couple. I know. I've seen a few. I'm bad. Oh, a lot. 1437. I'm the owner of an overactive sex drive. I've seen 1325. 327. What do I say? 327. I got carried away. Training for food 205. I'm not eating ice cream today, by the way. You'll be pleased to know that. Good night eating no crap today. I'm going to give me a good lunch. In fact, I'm going to go to one of those delies that the guy was talking about. The one that River took me to about 100 miles out of town. Will they have the small tables that you're banging your knee on? I'm the owner of an overactive nothing. 201. Perfect people. 101. Perfect people. Fortmaker 164. Imagination 131. Overactive bladder 120. Balls 64. That's not good if you use that one square routine. Sweat glands 63. Mental disorder 38. River system 32. Impulse the call radio talk shows with nothing to say. 28. Thursday 25. Perinoid 25. Hypercombe 8. And thyroid. thyroid 6. At a 1437. Did I say hypercombe? Whatever. What would that be? I know what hyperglycemic is. And hyperglycemic. And I know somebody who's really fat and probably got both of them. They pay people that use snappy albanners for their show segments like that. One to two hours. And it's just a nice piece where you're going to share a suit and you know you can wear around your gene in the area. In the belt loop. We're about looping up and I'm skating my own. I got a pump on my own. Woo! Hi, everybody. It's my anniversary. I got these rounds round round face around face. Oh my god. It's my hair is pulled back through. Looks like it's pumping. See, that's fine. Everything that you see, you've all worn me. You've all worn me. Same. You've all seen me wearing that jewelry and it's the same jewelry that can test and stuff and wear. I'm ready to buy right now. Paula Abdul. She sure does it for me. Not. She do it for you. Not do what. I don't know. It hasn't done anything yet. You know. Let me know if she knows the right. 1446. I think Chris is right. I think we're on the verge of something. Media quantity. 1448. What? Total. Pull me. Well, we aren't there. We still need 52 votes. We got 58 minutes. That's the one a minute. I mean, if we can't do that, we might as well shut this baby down. In fact, if they're going to leave this current management team in place, we might as well shut it down anyway when you come right down to it. In fact, when you come right down to it, think about me. You're in two thirds. Think serious. You know, like a president of serious? Yeah. Think that. That would be a good way to finish. Sure. When it last 15, 20, whatever you're saying instead of with a wiper going on here in it, then we could play. That we can say. Oh, and make the sound like this. Right. That's a mention. Nothing. That. Two years towards is read it right now. Don't get all whipped up into a frenzy just because you work for lunatics. Okay. For battling idiots. Well, what do you think? Now, what do you think we ought to be doing now that we're down? And I'm going to let it in. I'm going to clock a night. We got that. Oh, point. Oh. I got two words for you. Okay. TM. Not trans and not trans and devil meditation. Transmitter maintenance. Two words in a decade as sanctions have led to a huge rise in the mortality rate among young children in Iraq, leaving statistics that were once the envy of the Arab world, not comparable with those of substance to her in Africa. A new report shows that in the year since 1990, Iraq has seen its child mortality rate a hundred and twenty five percent, the highest increase of any country in the world. It's rate of deaths of children under five non-matches dead of more attenia. Jeff McCaske, head of the health-reserved children charity, which published a report said Iraq, Botswana and Zimbabwe all have different reasons for making the least amount of progress on child mortality. Whether it's the impact of war, HIV, age of the poverty, the consequences are equally devastating. Yet other countries such as Malawi and the panel have shown that despite conflict and poverty child mortality rates can be reversed. Figures collated by the charity show that 1990 Iraq's mortality rate for under five was fifty for one thousand lives, in 2005 was 125. While many other countries have higher rates, Angola, Somalia and other democratic Republic of Congo, for instance, all have rates above 200, the increase in Iraq is higher than any place else. Egypt's Indonesian Bangladesh had made the most progress in tackling child mortality while Iraq, Botswana and Zimbabwe have regressed the most. Sanctions against Saddam Hussein's regime were imposed by the win in 1990 after Axe invasion of Kuwait and were made in place until after the coalition in Basin in 2003. The sanctions increased by the U.S. as it means to topple Saddam, where some of the most comprehensive ever-portened place and had a devastating effect on the rest infrastructure in health services. Exactly how many children died because of sanctions is unknown, but a report and nine done from municef suggested that between 1991 and 1998 an additional half a million children died. 500,000 count them. Dennis Havali who resigned as the humanitarian coordinator and protested the sanctions ahead of the time, we were in the process of destroying an entire society. It's a simple and terrifying event. It's illegal and immoral. Kathy Carly and anti-war campaign with voices in the wilderness said, Lies, night the punishment of children to the economic and military war against Iraq has been the greatest scandal. Save the children's report, state of the world's mother's 2007, the majority of children deaths occur in just 10 countries. In those with large populations like Indian China, or those with sparse health services like Afghanistan and Angola, age means one of these simple factors affecting mortality rates. More than 10 million children under 5-age, 5 still by each year. 10 million. That's almost 28,000 a day, almost all in developing countries said that the charity's West Prison Charles McCormick vaccines or the high-grace and therapy and in sectors like freedom of speed or net sonatic offensive, and it's certainly many mothers and children like access to these life-saving measures. Well, what's a few dead kids, you know, among friends? Perfect. Hey, what time is dancing with the stars on it? Let's get down to the important stuff. You know, boy, again in the cool of baby. And who's the father besides Dave Johnson? Oh, there's that Andrea thing, sustained lens of 45 miles an hour. I'm going to come in with this storm, but eventually it is going to be bringing in some much-needed rain and it's going to start to stall out of the earth. Okay, it's a very slowly across parts of Florida. Hey, let me show you where it's going to be going. These are the stats on sub-tropical storm, Andrea. It's about 150 miles away from home. Oh, look at it. Look at the size of that. It's going to start to drop southwest. Oh, my God. It does that. We can answer the question. It's going to be a little bit. It's going to be a little bit. That's about what it's going to do. A little patient, mergay and patient hearing that sound? No. Or if you're going to go eat S and mergay and S and 1449. Let's do a little bit of this stuff here. Okay. There's Savannah, Georgia. Look at those. Look at the ocean there. Look at the waves. Not too much. A little surf. You couldn't go surfing on those waves. I'll tell you that. Even Brian Wilson wouldn't try with the teddy bear. No. We 1449. I think Chris has got a point. I think we're going to make it in front of the fact that you're gorging all that food now. From Chick-fil-A. Are you letting him eat sandwiches and bread and stuff? I don't monitor him. You don't mind his eating meat. I told you. I gave up like size of three. I was just three. You were going to lose him too. First, the thumber and then the Chris, how many fat people do you want me to try to save and fail? Oh, hello. Yeah. I want you to save it. I want that to be right now, including me. Starting with me. I'll be right there. Me, me, me, like my kid. My mom. Remember me, Ronji? Yeah, I do. Federal judge yesterday throughout Cuban militant Luis Puzata cutie less in time and accusing him of lying to immigration authorities. He threw it out. Possada. I wonder if he's really dying. Every time I read that, I say the same damn thing because I'm stupid. He's about like a sada. I just can't stop thinking that. And that was her name. I keep saying, what was her name? Well, that was her name. Is it about the Kassada? You idiot? Got him, I dumb. Yes. Possada, a 79-year-old former CIA operator from the First of Pornment of Federal Castro, was scheduled to send trial next week in Texas on immigration fraud charges. He said, quiz were in Texas in process. Cuban Venezuelan, Possada, extra than for the 76 bombing of a Cuban airliner, but the US has refused to send to either country who would want to go to Venezuela first to law. And if he goes to Cuba, that's going to make him come and he's still coming to his bad guy, right? Right. Only coming. Pinko is going there now. And how's Fidel doing it? We still have any big parades about that. What's the latest on that? What's the latest and what's the greatest? Nice potato time. That's the way that song starts. That is the latest and play it again. Actually, that's how it is. I can't. Why not? Like computers, we started. Your computer's restarting. What's all this at me? I got frozen up so I had to shut everything down and restart. Oh, God, do I hate when that happens? Man, at that point. I want to kill Bill Gates every time that happens. Yes, I do. At least P. on his leg. Both on his expenses suit. 14.51 and a poll. We got 41 minutes and we need 49 votes. Now, see what I mean, Chris? You're counting your votes before they hatch before or in hatch. Well, 15.50. What? We will do it. 49 votes. We need in 51 minutes. Did I say 41 minutes? I was wishful thinking. Hold on. Or not. Speaking of dead people, saying he was deeply, deeply ashamed. US commander apologized and made $2,000 payments yesterday to family members of 19 Afghan's killed and 50 injured by US Marines and maximum more than two months ago. Colonel John Nicholson, US Brigade Commander told reporters that the march for incident and in our Gahar province is still in investigation. But the military decided to make the payments as a gesture of condolence. I stand before you today deeply ashamed and terribly sorry that Americans have killed the wounded innocent Afghan people, they said he told the family members. We're sorry. We're filled with grief and sadness of the death of any Afghan, but the death of wounded of innocent Afghans, the hands of Americans is a stain on our honor and on the memory of many Americans who have died defending Afghanistan, the Afghan people, they be saying. This was a terrible, terrible mistake. And my nation grieves with you if you're lost in suffering. We humbly asked for your respect and forgiveness, he said. You were the estimated reporters via a video link from Afghanistan. The apology comes from it growing anger in Afghanistan over-subbing deaths and coalition military operations. US military's conducting a severed inquiry into allegations at some 50 civilians were killed April 28 and 30 of the Western Afghanistan and fighting between US Afghan forces and what they said were Taliban fighters. And it goes on, just murder and bloodshed and butcherly, it's just unbelievable. Human sacrifice. And Bobby, think we ought to have impeachment hearings. What about bloodshed? What's the story about this? You know, like that. What did I do with my piece of copy here? Don't tell me I pulled out the wrong copy. Wouldn't that be bad? Wouldn't that be like an emergency situation? It'd be something. But luckily, I happened to have it right here in my hand and a copy too. See, then I could give you all the ballistic and blame someone like this. Sales department. I'll say one thing, boy, we sure. And I also want to say this, I don't want to get all, you know, better shave. There we go. There we go. Well, no, go ahead. It's the way this is the greatest number she says. Now, why do you keep stopping? You're the best. You're a fast and pretty. You're a pretty good guy. You're a fast and pretty good guy. I was a guy from the soccer field. Okay, 14, 50 great girls. The redroins and the XFU is like this. The biggest name. Let's start to really get on my nerves. It's just me. I mean, you guys got a great voice. You guys sound like John Fassendi. You know, he's just won't just you. You and everybody who enjoys radio, but not the people here. Oh, he just don't get it. I don't want to get it. I got it. He wear a exploding ball. Hello. Oh, hi. Is this Miss Candy? Yes. Hi. This is Bruce. Bruce, Bruce, Bayesley. Oh, you said to be all right to call you. Oh, yes. Hi. I feel like I just wanted to thank you for the other night. Yes. Well, I think you're hot. And, uh, well, I was just wondering. Yes. Can I take you to dinner? From the back scene of your car to the dinner table. Oh, yeah. That was quite a mess to clean up. I got to tell you. You know, Bruce, I'm not really a woman. Oh, I know. I know that's okay. If I squint my eyes at 50 feet away, I can't tell. And it's just, uh, well, as a sports fanatic, I like that something extra. Uh-huh. And I'm just for the record. I'm straight, you know. Uh-huh. I just didn't know before that. That one. Well, it's not important. I just know I want to see you again. Well, you know, Mr. Measley. Oh, that's Beasley. Bruce. Beasley. I'm the actual, whatever. I don't think that would be a good idea. What? You're turning me down? Yes. You remember what I told y'all my back seat? Ah, oh, the sports station, you know. That's what I mean. Cool. Just cats and nippers are just a little too gay for me. You're very. One 18 and five, 60 WCM. 14.54. We're stuck on that. We were rolling along. I thought maybe Chris is right. Maybe we got a shot of 15. And greatness on a Wednesday. You know what? We don't. I mean, we do. But we don't. We need 46 votes in 42 minutes. I mean, again, that's just barely like one minute. There's one. See what I mean? If that ratio, the audiences get let in the stand. Or they're just all gone, you know. They've all gone to New York. Robert Sheerwrights, Bush alumns, reap their rewards. As Paul Wolfowitz, twist in the wind after being found guilty in the World Bank investigation and probably pay all of the to his girlfriend, it does seem that his career might finally be coming to an end. Pity that the Iraq debacle, which Wolfowitz promoted, was not sufficient reason for removing him from public office. Instead, President Bush rewarded Wolfie with a promotion at the World Bank. Add him to the rapidly growing list of Bush alumns whose career trajectory suddenly permits upon the disclosure of pattern of lying obvious to most observers but not to the President himself. To understand why scum consistently lies into the surface of the Bush administration, it's best to refer to the wisdom contained in the final memoir of the late Great Cred Bonnoget. And next year, published in 2006, Bonnoget observed that George W. Bush has gathered around him, most frighteningly psychotic personalities or PP's. PP, the medical term for smart, personable people who have no consciousness. How about it to explain the unwaiving arrogance of people certainly wolfowitz for clearly he's not alone in this administration who consistently get a wrong if Paul on undeterred by the inconvenience of fact or logic. Most of us, was associated with the grievous decisions of evidence in our art lies, justifying the invasion of Iraq. Not to mention the hard waste and death attended upon the subsequent occupation of Wolfowitz over saw would feel the need to pause for a spell of critical sufferer flexion. Not so wolfowitz, who unwilled by the death and destruction he wrought saved onto the World Bank and not said he would fight with he claimed was that venerable institutions pension for yes he used the word corruption. Toward that end he would bring with him a score of Pentagon underlings whose hands were almost as bloody as his from the Iraq disaster. One of them, Kevin Kellum's former spokesman for Vice President Cheney, Sun-Rid-Wisa is court of her million dollar year job at the World Bank on Monday. Another veteran from the Iraq buildup to be rewarded was Wolfowitz's lover, Shah Harissa, his resident Muslim expert, who is promoted to a state of armor position paying more than Secretary of State Convillies of Wiserins. Not quite the 400,000 of Wolfowitz would be raking into the World Bank, but Reese's salary had the advantage of being tax-free. She's still technically a four national as fighter-washes to be her symptoms of U.S. security debates. Such rich rewards for folks are ostensibly fighting world poverty wouldn't seem trebling to the P.P.'s, Vonnegut referred to as their suffering from amelady and renders them morally toned death. Signing what he calls the classic medical text on P.P.'s, the mask of sanity, Vonnegut noted in his custodians of chaos, P.S. some people are born death, some are born blind or whatever, and this book is about congenitaly defective human beings of a sort that's making this whole country and many other parts of the planet go completely haywire nowadays. These are people born without congenesis and somebody they're taking charge of everything. P.P.'s are presentable Vonnegut reminds us, less than we fooled by their equanimity on talk shows, they know full well the suffering their actions may cause others, but they don't care. They can't care because they're nuts. They have a screw loose. Vonnegut includes the executives who gave us the Enron and World Com scandals, with the neoconstrum indicate the maldies extent. This could be dismisses the standard liberal clack trap, treating the culprits into victims who's illness made them do it. But it offers observations as the most plausible explanation of the headlong pursuit of disaster for themselves in the planet on the part of these otherwise canny over achievers. Yes, their mandate to be undested, and folks like Wolfowitz do not tend to be well regarded after they've lost the perks of power, the problem is that the truth arrives too late to provide considerable suffering. Indeed, Wolfowitz's investment at the World Bank is a minor inconvenience compared with the appropriate one he should be receiving after each day's dose of disaster news from Iraq, disproved the cakewalk of a regime change that he had so assuredly promised. Then to this line, law will not be rewarded with something similar to the former $1 contract that former CI Director George Center reason to receive to share a few details of how he went about betraying us. Says Robert Chier, he's good. Very good. He tells us long ago, is there's your fact governor? Mayor Heldreth and Charlie says you were a clear local people. I just like to thank the governor for coming. She's a very good Jackie. This is what his boyfriend always say. I want to thank the governor for the most important way I want to thank our local firefighters from the surrounding cities that have come to help us. I know that dropping his pants. He's a good working tirelessly. Even worse. He's not like a Jackie like a bunch of nothing funny about those sort of wildfires. And they show that swirling thing there that all by animal, whatever that thing is. Yeah, whatever. I'll tell you one thing. It's not the place to be today, Florida. It'd be a lot safer to be in a place like Toronto. You know where they have those great delies that I was talking about the one from the satellite? Oh, brother. Woo. Were you there? Yeah, you were because it was the Bob Lincoln days. That was happening simultaneously with the Vegas disaster. I had the satellite disaster. We've got good money on the table. Those were the mic Disney days. I refused to do that commercial. I refused to endorse that situation as Bill Campbell would say. 14, 66. We got on the pole. I don't know. I think we got a shot. Competence is pretty mediocre. Is this the new deal? After, I mean, there always has happened every year for as long as I can remember. But it always like a shock to my sister. And don't I always say what? This is the time of the year that's the most deadly as soon as Easter and Pace-off are all the way. Yeah, man. They fly away. Like there's enough of them who move on and play. Or like there's wildfires in the Everglades. Or a big storm brewing up there by Joe J. and Jacksonville. And Savannah. It's still 14, 66 though. See, when I click that thing and there's no new votes coming in on the pole. Right. It makes me feel very insecure and very angry. You believe me? No. Anyone know why? No. It's payday. It's payday. And also after they show it to a clock, I'm going to go in with me a really fine lunch. See, that's me. That's all he does. Just talk about the pole. And how much longer before to a clock. And the vacation is next vacation. Remember that thing the other day? Yes. That was really special. I was so from your buddies and boyfriend again. You know your buddy? Oh, that was a better clue than that. How about that one? Hi, I'm powering. That one. See, they just don't, I mean, it's pretty simple to change the header on the faxes. But you know, when you're sloppy and careless and also augmented. It's still 14, 66. Chris, what are we going to do? If you better lean on these bastards, then we need them now badly. We need some of these people to vote again. Even though I guess they're probably tired of the poles, but on their senses. They were tired of the time. Loving the clocks, I'm like that. Yeah, about that. Wow. I think maybe it's just, it's where and on. It's where it's a little bit thin. Maybe I'm wearing a little bit thin on them. I wish I was a little bit thin. You know, 160. Do you think I could do it? You can do it. By win. By the end of the year? Sure. Well, I got a good idea. Let's, let's, let's, I mean, give me, give me a let's see. It's the middle of May. April. Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh-uh, uh, uh, uh, uh-uh, uh, uh-uh, uh, uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh. Uh, uh, uh-uh. How? Joen July August September. October. November, December, December, December, February, December. Oh, 10 months. Until the 30-second anniversary on March 1st. On March 1st, of 2008, if I can get on the scale and be 160 hours, there are about within, you know, five either way, yeah. I don't want to go under that. If I got to be like 150 pounds, which was my ideal way to, supposedly for my height in my old 40 year frame. But if I got one, I would look like, you know, a skeleton. And that would not be good because the next time we laid eyes, I mean, say, what happened to your old man? He looks like a skin and bones. You know, like that. I don't want to be like that. Because part of my charm, it's like when people say, oh, I like you better when you were fat. Don't you hate that? Uh, fat people I think would be the one say. I used to like you better when you were fat. Now that you look pretty good, I hate you because I'm jealous and I look like crap, you know. There's your governor with a white hair. He's smiling and smirking and like inhaling the few. And so hopefully a lot of them. 14 70 on there. We got 34 minutes. We need 30 votes. The pressure is on. I'm a, I don't want to play that. Uh, execute. It's really, it's bugging me. And now here's another exciting offer from video treasure chest. Just the time for Bernie Kofel's birthday. The love boat was about life on a romantic cruise ship. But the pilot episode featured a ship that wasn't nearly as nice as this lost classic shows. I'm Julia Crune director. Welcome aboard. We're gonna make a story that's so bad I'm stupid. Wow, we're so ready for it. What is that? Whoa. Oh, you like any that stupid job. Is there a problem? They're so big. They're so buggy. What is the one that's fun, man? Thank you, I made all of you. Hey, look me. I made this ship. Yeah, well, I'm over here. Shut up! The original pilot for the love boat, the love boat can be yours for just 1995 in local video stores. Video treasure chest. We've got rooms of this craft. You know, I got panicky there and I dumped it. He said I'd load this ship and I thought he said something else. Really? Well, I couldn't take no chance in my pants. You know what I mean? I do understand. He said I'd load the ship. We're all 10th these days. You know, these video treasure chests. Do you play these at all? I haven't played these in some of them. And now here's another exciting offer from video treasure chest. Just the time for a little bit of my gum where he's worth that. And also, wow. Man, there's some good golden nuggets in here, man. Not like the nuggets you had for lunch. Almost no. We'll have no extra lunch. Dinner. And in the case of most fun. We can be recession. I haven't played that. Let me let's do that the rest of the week. Play stuff. We haven't played it a long time. And also the stuff we can't play anymore. Oh, 1478, man. That's great. We get, I think we'll do it Chris. Whether this is one of those where you scratch your head. I don't know. And of course, the audiences think, well, what difference is it really make? Oh, it makes a lot of difference to us. They do it on purpose. Do you think so? I think they have meetings. They sit around a big square table and in Ojust. And all the community leaders get together. Oh, speaking of community leaders, is Medley Town Counselor, Town Councilman, excuse me, Eugene Edvin Kula was arrested today. Is that's almost like a dirty word there. I've been cool. Yeah, yeah. Was it all the day? After, well, that's his name. I can't help that. Was arrested today after he accepted the $10,000 bribe and it changed for helping a local businessman get a business license from the town the state of attorney's office being out of him. Edvin Kula didn't realize that the transactions being monitored by a police tipped off after the businessman contact a local prosecutor. Edvin Kula faces a minimum of 21 months in state prison of convicted of the unlawful compensation charge. A second refell me has been on the Medley Town Council for 14 freaking years. How do you like that? Eugene Edvin Kula is a Virginia or a Virginia? Eugene Edvin Kula is it? I don't know. Well, what do you mean you don't know that the Jay is pronounced silent and a G is like a G in it. It's like an H. As in jalapeno C. I see and the G is like a you he need to either way. Eugene you like as if I were my hey is with a like he like he notary C. Like a heenraburn. Uh huh all of these things. 14 70 and I clicked that baby it still says 14 70 and I'm pretty pissed off about it. Then we got to go through such stress and pressure just to get to 1500. I said 17 to begin in the show because we started with 12008 votes from what a memory I got you know for insignificant crap. An I feel I really do I have a very very good memory for stuff. A lot like people I went to school with like Ricky Goldstein and Ricky piston-blatt who that was like an fifth grade in Rogers in New York at Brighton Elementary School. You know I haven't seen a Jimmy Allison or who is my best friend of the comescots. What are you laughing about? Nothing I'm just going to ask if you were a we below. I wish can we turn the clock back? He was the word did you say you heard no what we did you say I didn't say it you blow. 14. That's like Joe Belsett. Yeah screw him. What a what a clown. What a a lot of clowns around town these days. I'll take that a lot of people. Yeah they're practicing Emma Kelly would be proud man practicing their clown routine. Joker's fools and clowns. Yes right. I had a couple of clown messages this morning some real clown stuff. It's just the time for the class send in the clowns baby. Send in the clowns and put on your crown and sit down. 14.79 we 21 votes in 25 minutes to get to 50 and then Chris and then Chris will feel better. But you know I'm watching there showing this thing about Ramie's religion about being a mora a Mormon. Why does anybody care? I mean so at least I mean he has selected and everybody would have to wear magic underwear but sure it's wrong with him. He kind of looks like a milk ciper. I don't know what milk ciper looks like. Oh well I did I did see him on the air that day but I forgot real quick because it's a sports nerd thing. Be happy. But I saw him that day that they kept showing Brady Quinn with his very pasty marginal girlfriend and a and Mel Kiper where I thought he was going to have a stroke him and Steve Young was foaming at them out. How could the dolphins do this and what you know they needed a French or a squirt about but and just carrying on like a maniac and I thought to myself he's Steve. Do fairies. Wow. He's another Mormon when you think he went to Brigham Young when they make him it does that automatically mean you were a Mormon if you went to Brigham Young was at not not true. Not necessarily but most likely Steve Young's a moron. I've heard they've been going off too. There used to be a lot of rumors about that child Steve Young. A lot of rumors about these quarterbacks. You know they put their hands under the guy's ass and right away people start wondering what is that all about you know. Got his hands under the guy's ass there grabbing at ball you know something very very uh... about that. And then we see the Brady Quinn picture where he doesn't have his hands under any guy's ass he's got his hands right on there. Yeah. That's right. On their privates. Look at that. A friend of the Mormon Church. 35% say it's not Christian. In the full on CNN. Not a Christian religion. Well what does it is in fact you know something that makes him more appealing to me. That's that I would ever vote for him but he's a phony baloney. Who changes his opinions on everything from minute to minute. 1481 and where we have in fun we need 19 boats in 24 minutes. You know how many times have I said I've never taken a call again. 100. 100 times. And now what what's your take? I think we're doing just I'm doing just fine. It's been just fine although nothing was quite like you know the first two hours. Wait you know something there's a time there's a time to fold and time to hold and time to be bold and a time in my case to be old. And then there's a time to catch cold. And some you know some people a misstation in management couldn't come in other the cold like where did he hear us and you know. We got pneumonia because he gave an agro-led rest standing out in the cold in the rain and freezing cold. I can't understand why the president's got pneumonia and cropped you know. Wait him and hear us and to pick a new intoler too. I guess they tip his canoe. So the fact that sharpen comes on there opens up a big bigoted mouth. He is the Reverend Al Sharpen of course. I know they've dropped that every time they refer to him. He's just playing Al Sharpen. But he's the Reverend which is that's code for bigoted. You show me some of that so one of these religious getkeys man I'll show you a real full-class bigoted. Yeah like a Louis Ferrecom for example. Sure. With that gutter religion crap you know. 1482 not that's only 10 years before Columbus said sale. What do you think they were doing? I'm no shifts by the way man. How long did it take them? You're your great scholar of history and crap. Plural months. I don't know exactly. How long? Months. Well how many? I don't know a couple. I can look it up. I think that's then nice to be. It's going to mean the March 1st and next year to A still be alive and B get down to 160. You know you don't want to lose it too fast because then it comes back real quick. In fact you know something I would say that's the worst part of the I can's died. It is very effective and it works in its real good for your track wasseries, your blood sugar is good for a lot of things. But cholesterol, excellent. But it's one die that when you go off it you can gain back everything you lost in and some very very fast. Maybe faster in any other I've ever been on my life. Why is that? I don't know. I read about the clock. Why are you doing that? I can's by the way. I'm just a curiosity. I got some baggage I want to drop. You got some bags? Yeah. Old bags? Yeah. What are you all with Sita? Sure. Drop her ass. I love to. 1483 we need 17 votes in 21 minutes if we can't do that I got news for 113 tomorrow. We're out of here. There's nothing running for her. I want to have tomorrow. If we love them more lives they are the best they won last night they pulled it out baby they won one I'm Marlon Bandwagon at least two tomorrow after that screw them. They see they'll keep up all their inquiries. Until they expose all the secret seeds. They'll be not hearing what they want to hear. There's no one talks while under open air. Is this truly FBI no about the press? Sure. CIA make judgments that they now regret. Faulty anti-terrorism policies. We just need more answers from the men who's keeping it to know. We need to know. What for? Who about my one one we need to know. We need to know. We need to know. What for? Who about my one one we need to know. Okay 144 16 told to a man doll comes on and we have 1487 Chris we need 13 votes in 16 and his can we do it then? Yes. We're saying that very confidently like you know something by the way. Two months like I said from August 3 to October the 12th is one Columbus's voice. The first one. Oh you Google it? Yeah of course. Why can't we believe you made that? We still need 13 by the way Chris it's not looking to promising they are not coming through for us like the audience usually does calm them 14 by the way something yeah I didn't know this the first the first European to site American to see the one that was up in the crow's nest that said land hope. Nappy editor. Yeah I ride regas. Alex Rodriguez. Oh A Rodriguez is that like a physician like my well I got a horn in the cell I got to play a little bit I just got a lot of that that's one of my all-time favorites and I don't play very much because only the people I were listening back in the packs and I would eat these. When the energy baby he had the energy and she had the bullcraft and she was swimming. Oh man you got to admit those were some pretty unusual days you know not that not that these aren't those were unusual and kind of a different way yeah in a much different way these are unusual and that they're just inexplicable they're really unbelievable I can't split them well you're a little split anyway I know 14 90 over all any two years before Columbus is a maiden voyage the nina the penta and the scintema rinta I really did that her name was Edith felford. What that was not that was my eighth grade teacher would well history whatever she was that you help her out. Edith's helper she was a nasty old like oh man which you a miserable and don't worry I can call her a die because she's been dead a long time and plus she wasn't a die all those old dikes man we used to think they were like old maids well they were old maids but for 14 90 now we're gonna do it oh man I thought we were gonna and of course you know to say I changed the a goal there and I'm not even talking about it it's called a little bait and swish you know I mean 17 hundred if we didn't go for 17 I'd be like a sqine my super 14 99 Let me know when we hit it there Chris come on We're waiting for that 1500 vote and if we could find out who it was we'd send them a zillion dollars in the small bills Dang really problems we can't find out who it is we'll check your IP address in send you a quarter 15 hundred You like it And that's with 13 minutes to spare We're so overworked I think we have to leave right now. Let's hand it over to the mad dog and Oh, so what's so what's all this business and all these people are saying is this just more crap being agitated by the idiots across the street we're trying to sing as long as they had one bogus month There in January in the book well crap are you talking about about mad dog and the Curtis and all the So the crap is that you know nothing you would know no not that I because we you know because I'm out of here I go to lunch you know and I wouldn't be listening anywhere because it's a sports show 1505 of they came through with a big clump there at the end you ever get a big clump in the end all the time wow So let's read the results of this world famous Paul Holy moly this wasn't easy I'll take it that This took all the perspric acid y'all that's an acidy all the foolishness all the shamelessness on my part I'm shameless all right and idiot shameless old fool Didn't Rick Nelson sing that sing this old fool. I find out was it fool for little fool you got that I don't think you got it because you're you got a very nice. Yeah, you don't have a cello for Poor little fool No, I don't think so you don't have song poor little fool. Oh, I got poor budget and there you go Pulls right gen that was the big hit it was okay. I'll just do that two fools rush Oh My role yeah Nasty guitar Oh, but he goes without any I know that song well, but I'll see you got Rick Nelson just that dude. I got all of it You know you don't you're not gonna to use up in you to you. I got this Keep on peeping I also have It's late Later than you think you'll well it's late What do you say say the way that I like that version. I just thought that See if you can name these two I have no idea what for you What for you yeah, that's what everyone knows this. This would be the only one anybody knows Garden for any right All right, that's hardy oh, excuse me In memory of our good friend garden party Hey So that's enough in my life. Oh, here we go. I like this Okay, that's enough. That's enough. I heard Nelson okay. You're dead Remember what I had now you weren't there working when I had his sons on the Nelson twins the Nelson's I was there, but when I wanted to show you yet and I had him on here on the phone and I asked him right Yeah, and I forget which one I was talking to but I had some Gar is that the one yes, I guess I was there. I guess I was there and I asked him something about if I I don't know some some sexual kind of a thing some fag thing, you know, he said about we eat the crap out of you And I said what you just stay there in California sweet heart now just throw watch you on TV And they didn't have that one good song and I also think I bet I got that somewhere The Nelson's what was that something about the rain? Too stupid to come in from the rain. They find uh this one Is that it after the rain? That's it. That was pretty good song Does that there's no Rick now This thing well, yeah, but you know what they're most still alive Yep, they don't look good anymore. You hear how I talk to they didn't answer the ever we do look that good You know good. I'm glad to hear you say it's a quite long hair they had long Trolling and blonde hair I think that only this was their bigger hair. Well, this is a good one Well, that's a good song. You know, I don't mind this And they syrup-ee yeah, but they're still at the way. All right What is this home? Love and affection. I used to be tired of it now. I'm tired of it because I haven't heard it for one time She knows They have the They did good harmony. They'll give them Look at that fool. Well the guess of price and gas reach four dollars a gallon this year 79% of Americans say yes and 21% say no. It's looking bad. Thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices You best start. Oh, you butcher your murder or you I wonder if he and OJ walk into the same restaurant who gets seated 1513 boats. I am the owner of an overactive sex drive 342 you butcher I'm going out looking for the Nelson's right now. I'm a little bit too old for me now nothing overactive with me to 16 perfectly normal. Yeah, we believe you not Craving for food to 13 far maker 167 imagination 137 Bladder 124 Bowel 69 Oh, that's my favorite station ball 69 Sweat plan 66 metal disorder 42 nervous system 35 first 29 Impostical radio talk shows with nothing to say 29 They're few of those around Paranoia 26 hypocon wheel 11 and thyroid only seven even the fash of the fatigued you and upon that tired Excuse cuz nobody ain't buying We finished until we blow up back a stand We could chase and round forever with our tanks and all our true boys special forces are so tired Jumping through them You need another Another Absolutely, so let's call that all the nonsense and we'll blow up back a stand Do do do do do it I'll pay the needs in your clear We stop Absolutely