The music stressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts, guests, and collars and do not reflect those of the music. What do you say to a guy who works as an empathetic, happy Valentine's day? Who's fairer? Yeah, I think that's fiction. Me, cool little bit. Yeah, best talent. This is 4-3-5-60. Notice how I got my voice back today. I'm so lazy, we haven't had an amazing... Thanks a lot. I'm right down here at 8.50. I couldn't talk or just flock about that. Like that? That's be that good tea, we're good. I'm sure you'll go back to Canada, you feel bad. That's right. You're right. You've been kidding to the point that you've heard of, at least in the wake. Who got your voice? And not to mind. You're just a part of me, you said. Looking for the loneliness of come-and. Everyone's in the fight, he fleets the golden night. The honor, the effect of holding on the fire. The voice, the link in. The interior was taken. She was driving the sky and the sky. And driving the sky and the sky. And driving the sky and the sky. And driving the sky and the sky. And driving the sky. Looking to when he special presents the best tea. When we win, when we win. Let me be, be, be, be, be, be. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. You're self-adulment, all the windows down. God is reaching the right. It's falling like a potting. Piling on the lake and like a fucking stone. Before we win, it'll make it. Fallen to win, she meant drinking. She was driving the sky and the sky and the sky. And driving the sky. She was driving the sky and the sky. And driving the sky and the sky. And driving the sky. All right. Looking to when he special presents the best tea. When we win, when we win. And they'll be, who fit in the duty. Oh, my God. They'll be, who fit in the duty. Oh, my God. You can turn the floor in the sun, Mike. We've been in all the shoes, we're all ready. Calling the night inspector to the boy and the whole lecture. All of that, a stranger's prayer face with me. But what I never did was I had all what she's thinking. She was driving the sky and the sky and the sky. She was driving the sky and the sky. And driving the sky and the sky. Looking to when he special presents the best tea. When we win, when we win. That may be, he could fit in the duty. And she did just have a comfort in the car with her. She would have been okay. Right. And you notice, I hate to bring this up and point it out. And I'm sure a lot of people have already realized it. But these two gigantic stories much to do about nothing. And in a cool and they crazed astronaut. Yeah. That's a SS- Both Florida stories. That's right. How do you like that? All the craft, all the sludge, all the neurotic, whether it's alien, whether it's the hanging Chad, whether it's, you know, you name it. And we got it. That's the Florida F and Way baby. That's just the way it works. Yeah. I think I got my voice back just in time for Woodbind Wednesday. It's been a bit of a fact we got two experiences of snow out there. They do a really good job of the snow stop here. And they're proud of the storm. It'll be just fine for Woodbind at 2 o'clock. I go out there and plund my guts out. And that sounded great. And it shouldn't be like real mob out there. They're either should be able to find me a good machine on. Maybe we'll have my friends out there praying for me today. Let's pray to Abraham today. Couldn't be a bad. Here's the poll for me yesterday. This again I apologize for a few sleepy. You gotta understand when you're under the weather. And thanks to Charles B. Wow. Charlie B. started my way out. Hi, not this morning by fact seeing in about 7,000 great polls. But that's what we need. How you be, Charlie B. Don't you think that's a great thing? I'm sure you do. Yeah, it is. Even you. It's me also as well. And I have some bad news that we have 1192 my space so friends. Yesterday we had 1193. I'm trying to get to 1200 but it's just come to a halt. And we actually lost one. And I haven't taken the time to check out. It may be Johnny G because I gave him a little shot the other day about how. What? Well he's very emotional. I mean, you know, I'm emotional. That's the understanding of the century on that thing. But he is a basket case. And all I gotta do is, you know, fart the wrong flavor in his direction. And he's a lot on a knee-jee. Oh, jeez. Neal's cooking on me again. He'll like that. I can relate that's the way I am. I'm a basket case, but I've overcome that. Everything is fine. Let it have 192 my space friends. We'd like to get to 1200 by the end of the year would be good. And I thought it would make any difference. Here is the Apulfon yesterday. 1383. That's not bad for a really crappy poll. You know, this, the voice thing isn't going to last for a long. And I did reach some more of that comfort bug. What is it? is it? Constant comfort. OK. I had a word. No, I had a line, but I decided not to use it. You don't need to. I went and out, leave it out. What do you think Neil wears while doing his daily show? Now, I will say this. No, I am wearing a t-shirt today because it's, you know, I could make it as hot and here like a sound I wanted to. I don't like using the regular building heat, because like I told you, the heat in the wintertime dries out your sunnaces and makes you just really off, makes me sick as hell. So, what I do, what we have base forward heating in my building, and I also I got like, it's just fine. But I do have the t-shirt and base. That is not the correct answer though. Today it would be 360. Reeves and T-shirt, I gave them the right answer, and I still too stupid to put it in the middle of it out. I mean, this is just, this should tell you all you need to know about Florida. Oh boy. Guard about the stockings, one-third. I'm going out shopping for those this weekend after the snow subsides. After I went enough money to buy a new wardrobe at Woodbind a day, guard about the stockings. Not just regular stockings, but the ones that come up to luck, you're crack, you know. Sure. The legit Carlos. Fish, that's I hope. Yeah, that'll be good. Only boxers, that's the correct answer, almost every day, 120, 22, and I told you all day yesterday that was the right answer. And still only 8.8% of the audience, even when I told them the right answer, they still, no, no, we know better than you do. Everybody knows better than I do, you know, that was the whole thing my whole life with my mother. She knew it was better than she knew better, no matter what I was saying with George. Everybody I know knows better than I do, that's right. Well, good. I'm happy for you. His bathroom 110, don't have one here, but I'm wearing it. These people, I hate this full 108, not too bad, 7.8% Short enough, why, and shirt, 106. That sounds really gay. Adult divers 82, that may start after that episode a couple days ago. Tom Brady football jersey, 76, Brown court awards in a plaid shirt, 62. How about a white, this forecoat in a pink carnation? What do you say? Marty, Robin. Yeah, you don't have it still, do you? I don't know. Let me, you don't know, you were, I was working on it, but never, I still understand to get surrogant, I better start taking that rope a test again. Because the flim has mostly subsided, but if your throat is a little irritated when you have a cold, and then you start talking for four hours, this would have been a really good day to take off the day. Oh yeah. The worst sweatsuit, 51, not nothing El Nudo 43. That is the most disgusting thought. If I was, even though you can't see, I would be so embarrassed just from the psychological impact if the audience knew I was sitting here naked as a jabber. It just, oh man, all that flab and fat. 43 people said nothing. Night count 41. I thought you said night count was for like gay, ladies. Well, they're trying to say, only a job 32. I still say, Joc, we're very uncomfortable. I don't know what you're telling me. Joc, you've still had the wrong size. Yeah. No comment. I'm not a touch in that. Or the comment, what I heard. Yeah. I could tell you about Jim Park. I told you that's terrible. I can't, I can't tell you that on the ear. That was, what do you mean you can't? You already can't, no, I did not tell you that story. I did. On the ear? Yes, you did. It was so moving. Book of Brian wrote a song about it. It was moving. It's a matter of fact. I was going to tell you that. That was a high school. I think he was a senior. I was a jold. Yeah. I didn't know. Anyway, he was sure of something else. Tan, slice and maybe, see the bad part about that is that was back when he would have been 18 and that's 1969. So that's 41, that's 48 years ago. So 48 and 17 18, he'd be 66. Now he's over an I am. Yeah. So I think you don't look that good anymore, Jim Park. That goes to show you if you wait long enough if you're jealous of how some people look just wait when you get to be 60, 70 years old. They don't look so good anymore. Of course, I don't either, but I never did. Tan's last maybe blaze of 25. Line green pants, pantaloonies. Piffy, nest of Florida outfit, man. That's uniform. Especially like in symmetry village. And win more places like that. You got to have your line green pants. Oh yeah. Tuxedo 12, right? Three piece suits six and a night shirt only two now. He explained to me again that difference between a night gown and a night shirt. Night gown is for women and a night shirt is for men. Well, I've only got two that say that I'm a man and I got 29 and say I'm a woman. Well, how do you like that? You're fair. I didn't bother me. Oh no. Oh. This story you just sent from East Medown, New York. A couple good words. I don't know how much reading I can do here today. I don't have a lot of voice. Oh, read it to yourself. Okay. Hmm. Wow. A 13 year old boy who signifies another boy with a drumstick in their school locker room. And he bent over to pull up his pants. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. No surprise. Yeah. She was arrested yesterday on asphalt charges police said. I hope so. I solved. While the victim reached over to pull up his shorts. Oh, this isn't a locker room. I thought maybe he's just out in the hallway or something. Another student poked him in the, oh no. Back down with a wooden drumstick. Massive honey police folks are going to be safe. It's urgent. Anthony Repolo said. I guess the, oh no, it was a rim shot stick. Yeah. No kidding. Repolo said the 506 attack at a 13 year old middle school student cause they're in substantial pain. He's out of a lot. Oh my god. Right. The Q and C major whose name was not released by police was being charged. This is a juvenile with two appear in a family court. He would have faced felony charges and even at least 16 years old police said. I didn't know that it was a felony to attack somebody in the rear with a wooden drumstick. But I was going to, you know, east, meadow, New York, you know. I don't know. I don't know. That's not like New Yorkie like Long Island somewhere. I have no idea. School officials said that they learned about the incident from students that after the attack in the east metal school district, the school notified parents of the victim who took him to receive medical attention and notify the police. I don't like that. Wow. Tacked in the back of them with a wooden drumstick. I had something to write in his resume anyway. But you'd have too many 13 year old guys ever were attacked with a wooden drumstick. I can't say in the back of the bottom. 772 votes under the east pole will get a thousand easy. This is an old brainer today. And certainly heads and shoulders as they say in the Shanfube business above yesterday's marginal pole. Which Democrat would you like to see nominated in 2008? 772 votes for RaccoBammer is kicking big fat serious ass 237. It's really pretty close. Al Gore was there when I first put this up the last night. Al Gore 1994 he's only like six 40 year free votes behind. Then that's amazing because he's not even running alleged. Yeah. But Rax got 237. He's the man, trust me when I said he's the great, not white hope, but the great mixed. Whatever he is great hope, Mokalate. There you go. Al Gore 1994. He's always only got 85. John Edward 65. Whoever 50. In other words, eh, I'm a Republican 50. Well, you know, nobody's perfect. All we can say to you is, yeah. A Bill Richardson 35. I hate this full 203 Joe Biden 19. And Howard Dean, which I omitted in my bad George to this morning. How come Howard Dean is not in there? I said, ah, because I'm stupid. And he's got 14 for Howard Dean. Who's a good old being. I think he'd be good, but he would never try to miss chance in Hellwin or in the left. Oh, let's check. Oh, nice and dark man. Oh, nice and dark. It's dark. I think you call it like Shard Truth. The biggest name. So best talent to the faces. We will rock your sports radio 560. You, A, M. Huh? Me, oh, God. Now, inside of Dishon. The death of Anon Nicole Smith. It's worth some messy and very complicated legal battles. You know what? Honestly, I don't know where to start. This paternity issue is getting crazy. We now have someone else stepping up saying, I could be the father. Hellgore, you and Anon Nicole, you know, I've been there and done that. Really? Oh, absolutely. How many times? Over and over again. It's too difficult to count them. Where was your favorite place to have sex in the end? Where? Behind? No. What geographical location? In a win a baguette with her foodl. In a win key. I heard you can get into the upside-down atomic wedgie position. It's not a new position for me. Well, they're a freak. Do you, when he's seen nothing yet? Oh. Hell, put that thing away. Oh, suffocation will be fight back. 1018 or 560WQM. It's, uh, any K the staff knew it too. How do you like that? Wow, any K right in middle of the daytime when people are walking around and awake, any K for the man dog or two or a clock? Power hour with Hank and Eddie K from 4 to 5. No man dog today. Hank solo 5% of them we got Panther preview. Panther shots can only cut at the end of the LA. A bit of time, the frogs last night, one zip. It did the big, finally, he got it together. Our Panther's at Ottawa tonight, 730, with a guilty and a red deer Randy, silly ass. And that's what we got going today. Speaking of Al Gore, and there's a story coming up. I'll get it for you in a second. But as soon as it ever pops up, let me see that popped up. No, didn't pop up and a story either. Narrowing fast. There's a new US pool, as they see the rippin' me off today. It's not just a Paul and Old Ron. By the way, they tried to put a thing on our MySpace page, Paul and Old Ron, whoever's over there at the big, stuff it with a moonbone child. Okay, get out of my face about Johnny Deppie and I'm with him over there. Who cares what they're doing, you know? Every single thing I talk about Johnny Deppie and I would be on Zeta 100 years ago. Right away, all Paul's got Ryan and Johnny Deppie. Great, good luck to you. Now that he's old and, you know, whatever. Then he just makes you want to puke a little bit. Castor nobody just annoys the hell out of me. Narrowing fast, it says, Hillary holds just an 8% lead over Old Bama, a new National U.S. pool. And now, of course, it's 26% without even running yet. Now that's kind of interesting because that's showing kind of like, right along with what we're doing over here. As his voice cracks. 807 on the pool. Barack Obama, 246, Al Gore, 200. In fact, what did say, Gore had 26% nationwide? 24.7% are pool. That, that, that, how do you like that? Amazing. I beg your pardon? Sorry, I've had a quite a lot of self here. What were you so tempo about it? Paralyzer. Hillary is only got 91. Generally, it's 67. I'm already a public in 53. Well, let me say it again. Nobody's perfect. Whoever 51, 80's don't care. Bill Richardson 36. I hit this full 24, Joe Biden 24 and Howard Dean, 15 old being out of 8 or so. Got a thousand of T.C. And the good news is that you guys got a little of char hot today. Not too much, just a little bit, a, a ration. You know, next time, tough comes in, they remind me to just to rip him an ass. But when we the first time, I'm sure. Speaking about Gore, rumors continue to swirl about whether or not former Vice President Al Gore will end to the race for the presidency in 2008. According to an essay today, in the New York Observer, Gore wants to keep the buzz going about whether or not he'll end with the Democrats crowded free because the language of the student helps him if he runs for prison. Steve Kornaki writes today that according to the latest rumors, the rumor, the buzz. The global considering the race for Democratic nomination in September, if an opening presents itself and opening. Back to him. The former Vice President spokesperson issued a classic nine denial denial about Gore's plans and Kornaki, I'm pretty good at that. I don't understand why because when I woke up, man, I couldn't rate. I must add like a lump of the deep green flame, like right in my vocal cords. I thought, oh no way today. Cough, crops and tea. I haven't caught drafts. I should give me some husband or lupedas. No, I have to do have that comfort. It tastes like old, like musty stuff, but the constant conduct. Yeah, it tastes like musty like mothballs. Oh, something out of an old, still, mil-douly closet. Anyway, I can make it back to you. The former Vice President spokesperson issued a classic nine denial denial about Gore's plans and Kornaki says, there are multiple reasons for Gordor Holdoff and entering the race. First, he can back on his name reputation getting stronger in the intervening. Most of his continued to promote his message on controlling global warming. Meanwhile, Kornaki writes, it can steer clear of any early skirmishes between Sory, Barack Obama and John Edwards, instead allowing the three frontwards to drive each others negative stuff. In other words, he can kind of like stand off to decide, while they rip each other's ass to shreds. While they treat each other's kishki's out as they say in China. The moment Gore is looking for he adds is one of which the race becomes about Hillary. Hmm. The likely scenario for Gordor become a candidate is one of which he is convinced that he could quickly and bloodlessly push Obama in itwards aside, setting up a Hillary versus out context for the nomination. But there are also our reasons Gordor might not choose to enter the race. If Obama writes, words makes gains against Clinton Kornaki writes that he may not want to crowd the free. He must also fear the risk of being branded for all of history a two-time loser that would be banned. A two-time. Oh, I'm in the works right away, and I was actually able to enjoy my Thanksgiving. Not for Titus, Greg is a tamarious, old fool. Oh yeah, I love this. Now we're cooking. But Kornaki concludes Gordor's wanted to be present, most of his life will wonders, can he resist from the New York Observer, which is a very strange looking newspaper. It's not some good articles in it, but it's kind of strange kind of like an off. I don't know what kind of color, like pink, pink, like brown, like maybe the dog done something, I don't know. Ever see the New York Observer? Not lately. I'll let you better be more observant. I avoid the New York Observer. Judge rules and an accolstments body must remain with the medical exam. Just in. Over the body of Anna and the close with Susan. By the way, you can see that. That's what it was down through Tony's dozen. You've seen who? The medical examiner here. No. He's something to see. There's a good friend Susan Candy out of, a lot of Candy out of you, I love you Susan. By Dave's click for the moment. A lot of people I love, they don't love me, but I love them. That's okay. That's okay. While the dispute over a paternity test goes on, you recall that the paternity test matter was brought up by one of Anodicoltsmith's ex-boyfriend Larry Bertead. And his lawyers this day got a judge in an emergency hearing in his chambers with none of the other parties represented. Was it all my own chambers? They were here very quest for him to order an injunction to keep the body at the medical examiner's office. The reason they wanted that to be on is that it's been the contention of that. Well, I sure was good there. I'll say that. We'll see you on his head a little bit. He's a figure that he puts it. I don't know if he's a so fake. I mean, they are a real fake. They're fake, but we don't care. I know that. But I mean, talk about really fake. I'll be more this matter. I see, something embedded in a watermelon pad. Do we remain at the medical examiner's office? Now, this also means that it is okay for the body to be embunged until that time. I heard she was a little bit of a time to settle. There was a concern expressed by the medical examiner yesterday in a signed F-A-Dabit in saying that. A damn new night at that point. And it was the point that we was decomposing. It was grossing us that may sound. Oh, it's decomposing. Listen, how about if we get James Brown and Nicole and Madeline side by each. And we can say, any cake in like, I get the morning line out. And who's been decomposed first? I see what happened that will long. I was a service in the life that she should be embombed sooner than later. Okay. That's a mountain. So Susan, just to sort of be clear about this. You know, let me clear about this. This body can't be buried yet until there is some kind of final determined. They can't smell so bad. They just can't take it no more. I think that's an determining factor, isn't it? When it smells so bad, and nobody can even, remember in the silence of the lands? Yeah. Now, what was that stuff that they were inhaling because the stench of death was so bad? I don't know. I thought it was a Vix or something like that. Oh, man, you are sick. That Vix is good stuff. I started talking about the yesterday and then you saw it track me. No, it was Chris the dead. Chris saw it track me because he doesn't know from Vix. He was talking about mustard clusters and sticking it on your chest and the Vix too. You know, the hot poultice. Yeah, hot poultice. Whatever the hell that means. Now, actually, the Vix is just wonders. I put it under my neck. Yeah, under my chin around the under my neck and right by my vocal cords. You know, like, and then also under my nose under my shreds and my upper lip, you know it. It gets a good way to keep a stiff upper lip. 827 votes under full. Al Gore is he still only 43 behind Barack Obama and he's not even running. How do you like that? I don't think there's any comparison. I think, although, I think Gore could win easy. I still think Barack Obama from win because he's got the charisma he's got the press now. He's got it, man. He is a rock star. He is a young living and breathing dynamic human. That's what we need. It's supposed to all these dottering old fools like those of us here on QAM. That's a cool fun. It's not a ring that's old. Sorry, Joel. We got some of your video. 560. Thank you. Amen. James, just the way I like him. Goodbye. And then the cold. That tasty hold up. Tell me that you hold two with you inside of me out of case. To the way you're better than the ground. Oh, yes you can't spend that money now. But to sure die trying. Say how about why trash die and that was gonna catch it back to me. With whiskey and a better. And I'm really surprised that you do not deny because you were that dumb. You accomplished nothing and if he came up to you, you were still. I would have asked you to make a twig to eat, but have no more. And now that's what we're feeding you, I have something other to do. Outside of crazy panther wearing after not being. Man, he just he is just too good to be true, you know. Yes, he is. Old chicken and cold ballty. We love you ballty. You're okay in our book. Little only weird time. But that's why we like you. Just like Jim Skyler said, a Schlepper like Boca Brian has got better equipment than him. I'm just smitten with, I don't know what it is about that. But what is that called? I want to be like, huh? I want to be like Jim Skyler. Yeah, that's it. Or this is, I don't know what it is. When I want to be just like Jim Skyler with a 30 dollar T4 T, you're not burdened man. I wouldn't need to bother you fancy that horror of you here. A flight report and take back will be you. Even a Schlepper like Boca Brian has better equipment than some. Oh, when I grow up, I want to be just like Jim Skyler. Then I would have to spend my day here. I would have to spend my day here. I think that sounds so strong. Oh, we're fine. 1033, he is a crazy guy too. See the crazy people out of the ones we like the best because they do the best work. That's right. Sure what Ross writes, but my voice is completely back. This is a nerdy. It's a miracle. I think we don't have a big day at wood bind to them on. You just had some fuzz in there. Well, the article says America, if you won't impeach this time, who will you impeach? Long by the way, I don't think I'm going to like it through all of this. You can see it in stages. Staging? He plays for the Leafs. He plays for the Leafs. But are we lost in the shootout last night in the Panthers beat Montreal? Just for you hockey fan out there. We have any hockey fans? Oh, sorry. We got the Panthers in the Ottawa Senators in Ottawa. Tonight, any interest at all? No. I would say the Adolphin's are raising ticket prices again. And you do know Lycris because of the excellent product they're putting on the field. Well, you know, we're going to have money for the new coach. And because we keep the Adolphins keep making a play off every year. And they want to always super bowls and etc. And so on. Anyway, sure what Ross writes, what's that? Oh, I just like to say not be coach. Oh. If you, my fellow Americans will not demand the impeachment of the worst president of American history, a man who was attreated to our Constitution and instigator of unjust wars, a destroyer of the world, a strutting global tyrant, and a threat to the very survival of human life and his planet, who will you impeach? This George W. Vostez, who was raised rule, is smirking twister of truth. This volcano of lies. This heinous torture of this killer of innocence, this thief of Baghdad, this mass murderer, this open sewer of aggressive militarism, in short, this plot on the very name of America, must be compelled by Congress and the American people to answer for his alleged and apparent crimes. What does he really think? He and every couple of the member of his cabal must be impeached and made a stand trial before the Senate for the genocide of Iraq and countless other criminal acts. One of the elusive is crimes ordering wiretaps without court order and violation of the 78-4 in total in surveillance act, and title send to a five-year incarceration at 11 worth for trampling the fourth-memids protection against unreasonable search and seizure. His most heinous crime, the war of aggression upon Iraq violates the UN charter, and other covenants to which the West is a signature, a war where, in unleashed, then UN Secretary General Kofi-Anne denounced as illegal. Truly, Americans were too timid to sign a petition for impeachment of Iraq, and consider there are 650,000 Iraqi's who had they lived, could have written their signatures in their own blood. Far from being the war itself to fence, it was claimed that war on Iraq is a crime of aggression since it exposes a mechanism for stealing Iraq's oil wealth, and a war that's brought about to destruction and dismemberment of an assassination. In October 2005, an if-so-spublic affairs poll found 50% of the public agree with the statement, a president posted and tells the truth about his reasons for going to war with Iraq, Congress should consider holding him accountable by impeaching him. A year later, a news we poll found in majority favored impeachment. Now, as new evidence comes to light each day documenting how Bushen is aized lie to disination into a criminal war of aggression, yes, justice hitler lie when he invaded Poland, justice stalling lie when he invaded Finland, justice moves to me in the lie when he invaded Ethiopia, justice to Pan-Lywood invaded China. The numbers of Americans who launched George W. Bush impeaches swelling by the millions. Passively, favoring impeachment though of not the same as actively demanding it of the Congress. At the constitutional convention, Ben Franklin insisted on the inclusion of the impeachment provision in the name of fairness to give the president an opportunity to defend against charges of high crimes and misdemeanors, otherwise Franklin said the only way to move an air in prison will be to assassinate him. Today Americans have more urgent reason to remove King George Bush to two from office than the colonists had for overthrowing King George the third and fouling this nation. King George the third scrams against the colonists were nothing compared to the damage this self-made King George Bush the two was visited by American and Americans and upon the Middle East. Even though he's not a king, George W. Bush conducts himself as one, for he's ever gated himself swooping King Lee powers, power seized in secret power stolen the dead right without the bait, power said grand dies with the compliance of a lie to Congress. And I take a drink. Power stole West any citizen, fling the individual in jail and throwing away the key. Power's to listen in on any private conversation, power stored in the Pentagon's find out anti-war protestors in the clergy. Power's went to any home and search and seize without a warrant. Power's to read without a court order any citizens bail out internet communications. Power's to invade our library records in our medical records in our financial papers. See I told you it wouldn't last. Dude, it's bad. Huh? I said daily. Oh, but I still dripping man, you know, it's dripping. I'm, I better do the break and then when I come back, I'll, because it's, it's not that long, but it's long enough and a story. 23 to 11 at QA and where we're dying over here. The biggest thing is to have the best of our talents. The biggest is the Rogers Force Radio 560. I do, you're honey. Oh, no light. Oh, the heart burn. Don't go, don't go. Every time I see. Don't go, don't go, don't go. That's a hard hit hit which. Don't go, don't go. I see me. Oh, he's president of the, pretty well against muscle, and in our ticket, it hit hit hit. I don't go, I say a word that one does not need to be here. First comes a bit for years. With president of, you know, what I can do, no, no one's more. And get to we go over the moon. If you want this, don't go, don't go. It's rum and stupidity. Don't go, don't go, don't go. But this drug in rich can't. Don't go, don't go, don't go. Easy then. No more than me. Please, president of, yeah don't care what it is. You got a man by her friend's role, a boy, a boy, a boy. Those were the best. You and I, but have no fear. We've got a great leader here. With president dumb, the shit. The good one's a good one. The shit. The shit. The shit. The shit. The shit. The shit. You got your voice back when you got all that nasal dripping, all that nasty dark-green, mung just dripping down into your throat, and all that noise. And this, not easy. But all, uh, struggle long. I'm struggling. And I got to say about that night, nationwide, pull by the way. Swell, we ain't exactly kicking ass. Maybe her own. No. Sure would rush by the way. Who wrote this thing that I'm reading. He's an American reporter, worked for major American newspapers magazines as well as international virus services. Just for those who are getting real picky. Well, who would have wrote this crap? Anyway, it goes on, even though he's not a king, George W. Bush conduct himself as one for his ever-gated woman self-swipping, King Lee Powers, Power Seed in Secret, Power stolen in the dead night without the bait. Power, a grand dies with a compliance of a lied to Congress. Power to arrest any citizen, including the individual in jail and throw away away the key. Power to listen in on any private conversation, Power to order Pentagon, spy on any war protesters, and the clergy. Power to enter any home and search and seize without a warrant. Power to read without a court order, any citizen's mail and internet communications. Power to invade our library, where it is in our medical records and our financial papers. Power to notify the acts of Congress, powers to reach around the globe and kidnapped any foreigner off any street in any country, and move them without trial to some remote dungeon for torture. Power to scrap binding treaties, powers to invade other countries with great armies on lies and pretexts to make war upon them and to drag net arrest their citizens. Power to tear people away from their native lands and their families, and to remove them to distant secret prisons without recourse to the most primary principles of law, without lawyers, without trials, without habeas, without red cross visits, and to detain them forever, and dare to torture them until bodily disintegrations suicide or death. Or all of these things. The President must also be in speech for the Mass Round of a FNRS, a foreigner's living in the U.S. for the military and incarceration of U.S. citizens, providing the first member rights of Americans, providing the third and fourth Geneva conventions, for re-institution of the notorious co-intel-pro-spy program, providing the universal declaration of human rights, providing the well-known article two of the U.S. and chartered by crimes against peace. Providing with the U.N. Committee on Torture last May declare was the ill-treated detainees in violation of the International Convention against torture, providing the Hague regulations on land warfare, providing the Nour andberg charter, providing the Wants and Depth Station of the city in Raryre, providing the genocide convention by turning a rocket away charter house. Providing in the genocide convention by turning a rocket away charnel house, definite periods by making himself judge in jury. For creating illegal secret prisons by executive order, for lowering a shroud of secrecy over the operations of the U.S. government. For willful non-compliance with a freedom of information act, for failure to faithfulize youth to laws, including article six of the Constitution, that holds the U.S. treaty shall be the Supreme Law of the Land. For resuming work on nuclear devices and re-enaciating a nuclear arms race and defiance of the nuclear arms treaty, for terrorizing a land with a threat of nuclear war. For using illegal weapons against Iraq such as white phosphorus, depleted uranium of ammunition at a new type of napon, for launching the aggressive campaign to militarize space in order to dominate the Earth. For violating the Bacteriological Warfare government by engaging in Jerm Warfare research, including the restoration of long-dead pathogens that impure all the planet and for the creation of delivery systems for such sinister pathogens. It is for all these reasons. All of these things. And likely for treacherous and treason's yet on discovered, the American people must end up with their sacred obligation to appeal to George W. Bush now. Absolutely. With the American people will not do it for themselves. And the name of their sons and daughters being slain in this Holocaust, we are morally obliged to do so. And the name of the people of Iraq upon whom the status in the White House has hurled down a hellish reign of Brimstone. For if we do not impeach this tower, we'll deserve the lowest theme that is now the veritable universal opinion about America. If we do not impeach, we'll go out of living as a fresh subject on worthy of the name citizens. People who's federal government has turned us into a nation of patsy, steuages, victims, sheep, and dupes. People who make no outcry when our blood, our treasure, our time, our personal liberties, and even our dreams for world of peace, are stolen from us by this ministry humanity. This George W. Bush, the most dangerous and despicable human being, every to walk you by public office in America. What is the really thing? Sure we're here with a nice article. She will live over there. We'll go baby. Kick ass. Now I'll get back to that full. I can't do this for four hours. I'll take that. Sure you can. You're a crazy person. What was that? You'd be a crazy. Anyway, Senator Clinton holds slim lead over a ban on new pull. Gore 26 for somebody's name even running. How do you like that? The Al Gore factor. Well, he did win in 2000. He should be the president. Law that's a... What? Lockbock. Are you going to try to say that the yellow is boring? Yeah, but that's beside the point. Senator Hillary Clinton holds an 8% lead over Barack Obama among Democratic candidates and the latest Harris Interactive Pull just out today, just in fact for Valentine's Day. By the way, happy Valentine's Day to all you ladies out there. And I'll do pansies. Guys don't wish guys even on this show happy Valentine's Day. Do we? That's not so. Yeah, even I'm not that long. What? Let me beat me to the personal answer. But I mean, I just, I don't know. I just, to me, it's just so fade. Or one guy to wish another guy happy Valentine's Day. Hmm. Oh, do you don't think? Yeah, I do think I agreed with you before the show. I mean, I wouldn't even wish Josh Cortis happy Valentine's Day. Other than that, you know, love him in jazz and shit. You know, the poll conducted among nearly 3,500 adults of Democratic Republican independent voters reveals that one and five US adults would use Clinton in a list of all possible candidates with a Obama second a 10% and a Rudy Giuliani a date. The survey also indicates that 45% of respondents with first choose a Democrat for President compared to 31% would first choose a Republican. Among them are credit candidates. Clinton and Obama top to list would generally would start at 28% and former vice president Al Gore, resume analysis intention to run at 26%. Scary John Kerry is a distant fifth would 12% and Julie Lieberman, oh my goodness. All I can say to that is, who is only behind Obama among Republicans choosing a Democrat. Other Republican candidates, Colin Powell, who has an expressed a desire to run leads with 32%. Must be because he lied to the world in the U.N., when he held up that vile, when he was in the U.N., he was a Republican, and lied to his teeth about anthrax and all that crap. A colon Powell leads with 32% among Republicans, Julie and he seconded 29 and then and then John McCain 26 and Condom Leezer or police and not Condom Leezer at 19%. Oh yeah, please run her. Yeah, please run Condom Leezer. I would agree with that. Seconded in motion, like Smokey would say. Let's have a little Smokey Robinson, a little more town here today for next two hours. Whatever, come right up, but hurry on. Because it came up earlier. There you go. Oh, I'm already Robin, but I can't believe it. You the man, I cannot believe it. I did download it. I just hope I knew what it happened. Just to explode or something like that. Something close to my weekend. Just in time for Valentine's Day. No, no, stop it. Oh, my favorite songs of all time, I love it. And I hate coming here. Marty Brown is still dead, no way. Yeah, I should've told you how I interviewed him after his death. No. The radio station on Tenderware work. We had you canned interviews that we had to edit all our voices into. Oh, yeah, the regular feature. Obviously, I didn't know he was long-taste dead. So, you know, it was just the next one up in line. And I cut it. We were flooded with phone calls from old cajors like, Hey, that is fantastic. How are you interviewing him? You think it's? Oh, nobody else could do it. I know. Probably real feather in your cat. As they said, the psychic media interview, I was channeled with your friends. They said, it's a really good interview. It was a really good interview. It was a really good interview. It was a really good interview. It was a really good interview. You know, what does that mean? Yeah, I think that's what the brits is. No, the brits were doing. Yeah, it was a damn. Why are they already robbing us out? I love that. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I don't think. Well, anyway, it's one of your records, man. I would say 1958. Very close. 57. All right. Well, my, my sharpens, I'm not so baller-war. I am so good. Just ask me, I'll tell you. I'm phenomenal. I have to many people who are free. I'm getting so fed about it. That's how good I am. I'm legendary and I'm spectacular. 889. So we got a thousand-look today. It's fine. Okay, that's enough. Marky Robbins. That is a good song. You're sure like that song? I do. I've got a lot of Chris. You liked that? You hated it. Actually, it wasn't too bad. Really? Yes. See, it has a country music. It wasn't one of those depressing ones about, where is that? Larry Lujek. Wasn't anything about Teren, his beer, and his wife, Jarvovers, cars, and all that. It took a hell of a man to take my hand, but Tridden took it long. I liked that. Yeah. She ain't much to see, but she looks good through the bottom of a glass. Oh, yeah. I heard that one. That's a good one. I wouldn't take you to a dogfight, even if I thought you could win. Don't cry down my back, baby, and might rust my spurs. If fingerprints showed up on skin, I wonder who's I'd find on you. Here's a good one. If you get the feeling that I don't love you, feel again. Here's one. Obviously, it's some guy singing this song, and he's in some cheap, fluzy's bedroom at the time. I'm ashamed to be here, but not ashamed enough to leave. That kind of sums up our situation here at WLS, too. I'm ashamed to be here, but not ashamed enough to leave. I'm ashamed to be here, but not ashamed enough to leave. We'll just take the money. Thank you. That's a good one. I've been flustered from the bathroom of your eyes. Oh, I want to hear it. Okay, you really wonder about guys who write lyrics like this. You know how much drink and they've been doing. It's the bottle against the Bible. And the battle for daddy's soul. Here's what I really like. It's commode, hug and time in the valley. If you want to keep the beer real cold, put it next to my ex-wife's heart. My wife ran off with my best friend, and I miss him. And you thought the bird was hysterical. A little Tommy there. He's been a bus to guide to that. What's he on? He's on something really good, obviously. Larry Lugek was really great. He's got a blog. He's right now, I guess. I was reading about it somewhere. Maybe inside radio there. And he was great on the air, but off here, in fact he wants to set me where the hell would that have been? I got an email from him and where the hell would he got my email address? Oh, this is years ago. Long before any of this, my space-top. Where the hell would he got my email address? But anyway, I got and he was over in Sarasota somewhere and just ripped me an ass. So it's so totally you are a hostile, nasty son of a bitch. And I don't know what to add even though what they're all about. Even though he didn't like existed, I have no idea what it was all about. Pretty sure it was Larry Lugek. I think so. Maybe with somebody in person. Maybe it was a high could have been him. He never had a bed. He never really sure when those messages just come in from outer space. Anyway, Larry Lugek was great. WLS, I think he was on CFL for a while to in Chicago. And anybody who lived at North of course heard all those stations. Even in the morning in Upstate New York, you could hear WLS even in the daytime. I like that. Here we're on QA handle. And if you got a good computer, you can listen to us online. If you have a radio, it's probably not too good. 1056, QAN. The biggest name, so best challenge. Who's done it? I'm going to be rockers. For 2460, you A.M. Oh my God. This is your brain. Oh my God. Any questions? Real American A-holes. Real American A-holes. We salute you. Mr. Support the war in Iraq, but we'll never volunteer, guys. Mr. Support the war in Iraq, we'll never volunteer, guys. You fully endorse the war on terror. But they don't get American chopper in fact. So it looks like you'll be sitting this one out. Love to watch the turtles now. Your blood boils when you view the carnage on the evening news. But hey, you have seasoned tickets on the 40 odd-mime. And isn't that the real American dream? Oh my, pray to play out. Sure. Your grandfather left an arm in Normandy. And Uncle Jimmy still thinks he's in Denang. But things are different now. They didn't have to program their iPod. Yeah, boom nice to podcast now. The sight of Saddam Hussein's lifeless body dangling in the air. Give you chills. But soda's central air. And that's why you're staying poor. So we salute you. Mr. Support the war in Iraq, but we'll never volunteer, guys. They yellow ribbon metered on your hybrid. Your FDNY bulk app. And your summer home. You are a real American table. It's 11 o'clock to the 560. Did you speak in a real American A-hole? The position of U.S. troops. Oh, brother. It's just I get the chill. I get very upset and have a relapse every day. Yeah, see him on my TV screen. Oh, brother. I wonder if Saddam Hussein has gotten him under two if they're carrying this? I don't hope not. A scum. The people who are handed the kind of boyd, let's see. Hamilton was hit even harder as drivers discovered this morning when they couldn't get any traction. I don't like that. I'm telling Hamilton, I'm going to fall. I'll stay in cancer and just snow off the old and of course, upstate New York. Okay, 20 yesterday. All new people out there from Buffalo, Rochester, Binghamton, Syracuse, Batavia, Ithaca, all these other places who reminisce about the good old days and I wonder if it was enough to ignore. Yeah, watch us do we had done in bombs. That's about it. Comtil had lilac, you know. That was pretty much it. Trying to think of something else. I was a victim of everything else. I was going to Rochester not that I can recall and the 12 corners of course. A rural's barber shop. No, I'm sorry. It was a rural's drugs. I don't remember what the barber shop was. Then amazing. How you can remember it? When I was a kid. My address. I told it this long time ago. I can't remember what I had for lunch yesterday, but my our phone number. In Rochester was Munro 577OM. That holds that mud real business. Oh, is M.O. As in M.O. No, no, no, no. No, no, no. That was a lot of money. Munro 577OM. And you know how long ago that was? That was, huh? 100 years. About 150 years ago. Munro 577OM. The address was 123 for being a drive in Rochester. Like a block away from the 12 corners. Munro 7 and went and wrote. That's probably Rochester and South Carolina by the way. Rochester sucks. Okay. I hate to break the news here. I mean, you know, I'm in this. I've been back a couple of times and it was still there. You know. And then of course once they closed up Donna Bob's. I said, oh, I'm not going back there. No, no. I got 990 votes on the pool. And Barack is a full-in-away from Al Gore all the way. Al's hanging in pretty good. Forgotten study, but running. I'm going to probably get Al Gore. I mean, he is boring. Huh? Me either. He's okay. It isn't supposed to be about personalities. Unfortunately, it is. Listen, at this point in time, we need a dynamic young. Just like my Kennedy ran in 16. That's what we need. Somebody young and full of them and figure and whatever goes with them and whatever. I'm telling you, the guy who's got a vision. The guy's got some balls, got a big pair. When Shakespeare, you know, everybody always talks about Cleopatra and how beautiful she was in the audience. Well, here's an article that might turn your whole ass around. She was supposed to be an ugly beast. Well, guess what? What? When Shakespeare wrote that the face of Cleopatra, the ancient queen of Egypt, figured all the description. He meant that words could not sum up her beauty. They being that bugged. That's what it was. Bugged all description. But a client dating from 32 BC. Back then, while being all those Romans, man, the Romans in the griefs, they sure had their way. How would women this story that you're reading? How about you farting? How old is this story? I think I'm out in 38 minutes. Think I read it in high school. You know, if you're going to start peeing in my parade, I'm going to throw a comforter right over your head. Do I want to help? Yeah. No, I want to go from Vegas. A coin dating from 32 BC and put on display in Britain yesterday. Mr. Smarty, pants, her, her hot shy. Put on display in Britain as they showed the phrase had an unintended double meaning. It depicts the queen as no great looker with a pointed chin, thin lips, and a sharp nose. Man, this, you ought to see these coins. She looks nasty. Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. Man. I think the story that I read was one, the coin was discovered. They finally put it on display. Okay, I finished the story or not. No, if you listen, if you keep talking, it's good for my voice. That's good for you. I'm watching there, clicking up the roads here. Good, we had to say maybe two, three inches or snow for whatever it was supposed to be. Here in the GTA, for all those people keep track of me, Toronto weather. And there's your president. Uh-uh. I wasn't going to tell you all about the TV. People in my administration heard all about it. He's been, he's been worse as he goes along. He must be doing heavy-moody-poly. He must be doing whatever Teresa Heinz carry was doing. Anyway, getting back to Cleopatra if we must. Boy, does she look like that? My goodness. For a lover, Mark Anthony, fairs little better on the coin's flip side. The Roman general will show them with a hook nose, bulging eyes and a thick neck. If you really wondered, I mean, I realized maybe I got too much time on my hands, which is very obviously a speciality. Sorry about that. When you have too much time on your hands, you bugged a lot of people. I don't mean to bug any, but I'm not in the speaking of bulging eyes. But if you ever wondered about what people really look like back in the day, you know, I mean, sure, not that we really have a way of knowing we see all these statues, but that doesn't really mean very much. Right. And not until photography. I always figure that they must have flattered them up, but then on the other hand, what might have been flattering to them might be ugly to us, so who knows, maybe they were actually better looking. Yeah. So maybe some of them ancient Romans really were hot numbers, man. You never know, never know. The portraits are a lot away from the famously salty depiction of the couple by Richie Burton and Elizabeth Taylor in the 63 film Cleopatra. That's before Liz started to be going to go ballistic. Does she choose already starting to get off? Oh, she was showing what he was using. Oh, yeah. This guy thinks he'll all be stoned as well. Big hug. Yeah. The quote has gone on display a new castle university in North East England on Valentine's day, after years of lying in a bank. Cleopatra, who also had an affair with legendary Roman Emperor Julius Caesar, also inspired Shakespeare to write one of his most famous lines, aged cannot wither her nor custom-stale her infinite variety. What was that sweet? On Valentine's day, no one was happy Valentine's day to all you were ladies out there and all you queens and you a hero guys don't want nobody wishing you, I don't know, I guess if you're a girlfriend or wife or both, wish you a happy Valentine's day that would be okay, wouldn't sure. They gave something really special for Valentine's day. That's right. Not to get too specific. Although it probably only is one thing, but Lindsey Allison Jones, the university's director of archaeological museum, said that the image of her is a great beauty, is comparatively modern, dating back to medieval English poet Jeffrey Chaucer. I think I read some Chaucer and I really wish you I don't remember doing it. There's a lot of talk in Washington about benchmarks, I agree. Yeah, I agree too that you and need to go. In peach today, worry tomorrow, but in peach today. Roman writers told us that Cleopatra was intelligent and charismatic, and that she had a seductive voice. But telling me they did not mention her beauty, she said. Well that's what she did to have any. You can't complain about Cleopatra's beauty, she didn't have none. It's one of those perpetual myths that's been perpetuated by having people like Elizabeth Taylor playing her, and it's very difficult to get that out of people's psyches. She does look as if she's forgotten to put her teeth. Yes, yes. She does look as if she's forgotten to put her teeth in that bag. I was like an old crow in the picture on the coin. I mean I have never seen too much gruesome. I am a serious man. She'd be looking bad, which he would call itself represents 100th of a Roman soldier's salary, and was probably minted to pay the wages of those stationed in Egypt. Wouldn't it be great if I mean, you know, if we had the time tunnel, whether without James Dern could go back in time? Yeah, I'd be one of the most wonderful things. Yeah, and of course people would come back, I guess. I don't know, although we got some bad stuff going on now. Thanks, too. Thanks, too. Thanks to him. But nevermind. Wouldn't that be great to be able to see how those... And of course I still wonder about the ancient times. Remember what we were talking about, the Brits? What was that movie? Which one would he with my boy James Franco? Which one? You are the one I'm talking about. Tristan and his older. His old. His is old. But anyway, in that movie, they got all that armor on and all that other stuff, and they were wearing all these layers of clothing. Yeah. And you wondered how they were ever doing a quickie, you know, back in those days. And they obviously were. There's no question about that. In fact, even in Tristan and his old. I don't think it was own quickies. Yeah, they were pretty quick, I guess. They sure knew how to draw that sword. But anyway. He just done ever wonder about that? And all those layers of clothing, my God. Just to, what I wondered about is how bad did it smell? Not if it smells. How pungent was it? And could you... Well, maybe I don't want you to do this. Maybe the audience is wondering, what is the it that you're talking about? Or her? All of it. Anything you name? Yeah. Yeah. Well, I guess it probably wasn't nobody wore it back then. I'm very proud of Chris, by the way, that told us yesterday that he's doing body wash and not soap. I'm going to say it again. Any guy, anybody that's doing body wash now? I mean, doing soap now. Is somebody wants to drop it? Do you know question? Yeah, I got to write that film over your asking. Yeah. That coating over the soap. And of course, that mong that could sound it. Because what you're doing is you're smeared it on your body and so whatever jerk that it's taken off. And there it's also getting on the soap. Unless you use the wash cloth, which the lufa thing is really good for the body wash. Now you use one of those Chris, you don't have to be a doctor. There you go. That's the answer. That's what it does. A real man uses a lufa and body wash. People don't know about that old skin. That's what the right. But we're going to grab off the old cells, man. Scramble all that scramble stuff your body. Some body wash. People still use the soap, especially like my mother would. I told her always buy that ivory soap, you know, the, you know, the, you know, Which floats that might explain. Yeah, I float so right and so do I. Maybe that was what happened to me. I never did get around. Why I told you someday I'll tell you that whole story of my childhood. And it'll be kind of fun. That's what I got the tip of parts story. I never told that story on here. I told that on the air more than words and great detail. You're couldn't tell it now. No, no, you can't. You've won't be able to do it by about half a second. You can't pull that back. Just was really, by his locker and I'm like, Oh, no, I'm not old glory. I mean, I came out of that power stall. I forget what I was going to my locker. Did get something like my job strap or whatever. And there's Jim Park. I mean, he might have been the best looking guy I've ever seen in my life. He was like, I don't want to go through it. What did you want to say? Look at that guy. Yeah. No, there was only one thing that was on my mind. My God, is that thing real? That's kind of what I was thinking. And of course, I'm sure it was. But that's about as close as I got. That's not a bit cold that day. Oh, man. All the missed opportunities in life, Well, let me tell you all you young whippersnappers out there. And I still remember what that means. What's a whipper? Don't miss the opportunity, man. If you've got a shot at it, grab it. That's my suggestion to you. Beware of exploding ball. Now for the stiff wood hetero sexual counseling center, Thurever and Ted had it. You know, frames. You may remember here in about me a few months ago, when there was some last two rumors involved in me and a male escort to, Well, it turns out to, ah, I was just confused. After walking with the training professionals at the stiff wood hetero sexual counseling center, I can probably say, ah, a 100% strike. That's right. You'd never catch the Reverend Dad, I grabbed sure the Snickers bar with another money until our lips made it a kiss. Of course. If I was stranded on a desert aisle, I would say, Brad picked. And we had no food. And it turns out Brad was having the Snickers bar. And I caught him eating it. And I started mowing on the other end. And my lips accidentally brushed Brad picked me as well. I wouldn't be gay, right? Hahaha. Wait, was that? Oh, yes. Nile, but I am 100% and not gay. 100% is that I can leave a normal life. Not tormented, the refelps of sweaty shirtless young men. And I can do 100% normal stuff. Like, drop through my neighborhood like I am Nile. Checking out the chicks. Hi, baby. And you go out and get lunch. For God and children. Welcome to Dairy Queen. Can I take your order? Yes. I would like the football hot dog with mustard and veins. The stiffwood, heterosexual counseling center. When you need to claim your homo, no bow. I can't believe it. You have the buzzer going off. Can you hear that? Am I microwave? Did you hear it? I heard it a little bit. Wow. I mean, my hot water, my tea is ready. I actually got my head to give the cold. So what are you going to do in the 30 seconds is going to take for me to the third man? No, I'm going to get my head to the third man. That was just bad timing. Maybe it was good timing. Maybe it could be your personal life. Don't do that. I'd rather hear this dead guy. Okay. Oh, no comment. The truth is, I said this article to Nile about hot and veins. Somebody certainly. Of course, why not? Did that razor that they were talking about when we were talking about that. Yeah, it was not all co-in or anything. It was rave or anything. That's all it's got. I want you on the head. Thank you so much for whatever article you're going to send me. I heard some mumbling in the back. Yeah, mumbling. You're not mumbling anymore. Thank you. I do. Maybe you know who maybe dropped off of our mice face. Maybe what's his name? Jerry the a volume guy for her if to minace yesterday. That was he Johnny G would do that. I'm going to send you the article, but also I'm going to send you the link to the site because they have some interactive videos that you can click on. Of what? What is it? I know you were mumbling. How to shave the modern nail? Oh, you start with us again. I'm not starting. Somebody set me this article and I'm going to send it to you. Okay, where are we going to say? And of course if it's a Mexican that does it, does that make him a Mexican? Oh, here we go. That's bad. Well, for the least we get was half a tated and half Mexican, which half is which. He looked pretty good once a parliament time before he's asked. I got bigger than an apartment complex. He was really great. He still is great. I'm sure, but of course I'm not in touch with that stuff. We don't have a whole bunch of Julios here. We had everything else. I wonder why that is. Well, I guess Julios don't like cold weather, right? They don't. Although there's a lot of Julios and Jersey. They got pretty crappy weather and Jersey sucks. I don't know what that's all about. Union City weight. They're on the list. Toronto's on the list. We'll get there. No. They're very few Julios here. Just like my concierge is here. Just wait. 146 folks on the pole. Let's take a quick pute. Oh, here it is. How to shave the modern male in which a helpful corporate Spat title. Courage is you to please groom your well. Whatever. I'm just just popped up there on the bottom. I have an email from Jorge Rodriguez. See. Which Democrat would you like to see now that eight in 2008? That's our poll today. And when just coincidentally with that raw stray poll that we had before too. What a genius I am occasionally. Not very often though. 946 votes before the hours over will have a thousand. And then I can just really sit back and relax. Barack Obama 282. He is the man. Trust me what I tell you. Make no. And the other amazing part of it is that he's doing so well in the national polls. Because most people don't know a squad about him. Am I right? Many people really know much about him. His men are gay and they're so same. Algor 244. So it's a 38 vote lead. Pretty close. Story Clinton 104 for swirly. I'm coming. She's got a personality like like a dead woman. She is as wooden as a totem poll. I mean obviously if she gets an nomination I'm going to vote for her but never less. She's just you know doesn't do it for me. John Edwards 82. I'm a Republican 62. Whoever 56. Bill Richardson 43. Joe Biden 28. I hate this full 25. And Howard Dean 22. I don't know. I'm not a hundred fifty vote. Now what is this thing you sent me about. I have a much more important message I have to read before. I am so bad you know I really am I'm horrible. I'm just huh. Can we give us it. I'm not going to read on the air. Now let me let me see what you said. I can say I just printed the article up. I can send it to you. I'm not sure. Well why why why why do you don't you because I already told you because those little pictures that you see that you can click on them and see the video demonstrations that this article is referring to. Yeah. Because you know it's Nurelco. I'm fasting you this story right now. Philips Nurelco apparently has an online ad campaign before this particular product made specifically for the Netherlands regions. Yeah. And the article explains that the little the little video pictures are actually kind of funny and ex-rated or are rated or something. I've watched them yet though so I can't tell you. But I'm gonna. Okay well I'll give the event eventually. Right. Or not. Whatever. Three battle in Proud for ending the Coltsmith's body. Frank and beans. A three-way battle for ending the Coltsmith remains erupted for her remains. erupted yesterday see this is the important stuff for get about him. Other voices in the United States. Yeah for get about him. A three-way battle for ending the Coltsmith's remains erupted yesterday as Broward County's medical examiner. Warren her body was slowly decomposing a refrigerator at his office. Sounds like something at what's his name's house. Jeremy Dahmer. Oh yeah. I don't know what his name. Jeffrey Dahmer. Medical examiner Dr. Joshua Purper found himself in the crossfire with the trainees for Smith's lawyer companion Howard K. Stern. Well that's the medical examiner we were talking about kind of a weird dude. Yeah. Have you not seen his head? Not having seen him at all. It's not symmetrical. I see. Strange head huh? Yeah. Howard K. Stern and Smith's mother, Virgi Arthur both asking Purper for custody of Smith's body for burial. Everybody wants her body and of course when she was alive was pretty much the same. And most everybody got it when she was alive from from the side of it. Like I said, human pin cushion comes to mind. And attorneys for Larry Burketsvitz, ex-boyfriend of one of three men claiming to be the father of five-month-old daughter, file the motion Broward Circuit Court to have the former playboy playmates body held until at least February 20 for paternity testing in line with a California judges order. Purper wants to release his body immediately, singing to fight his samples for future tests. We have three cards of DNA blood vials. We have bone marrow per Per Per set. Well anybody want us put on eBay, some of the analytical's bone marrow. It's kind of narrow. Unlike her. Smith's daughter, body, and fortunes have been at stake ever since he died Thursday after collapsing of the Sennelhard Rock Hotel in Casino in Hollywood, her death remains a mystery with a thoroughly still awaiting test to determine exactly what killer. Couldn't have been all those pills. It couldn't have been all the booze. It couldn't have been all those things. Couldn't have been? All of these names. Smith's body remained refrigerated until Purper receives a judge's order. Boy, boy, remaining on ice. As this is stuff you sent me about how to shave the mother mail. George finally broke down a fact. Yeah, I'm looking at the little slideshow here. I see. Well, I don't want to slide it. I never let's get him back to Pur and then to cool. Smith's body will remain refrigerated until he receives a judge's order. Meanwhile, her body will slowly break down. He wrote an FNA of the students at Arthur's attorney. She needs to be in bomb, man. That's just bomb. And in bomb. Christ all mighty. Christ. What's your name? Halfway there. Christ the Roney. No, Christ. Whatever that is, motors. Ron Raleigh attorney would represent Smith in the LA court battle over paternity. Said late Tuesday, he planned to go to the LA court Wednesday. More than the West. The hold on the body. We reduced on grounds that the court had already extracted DNA. Raleigh and A is never going to show paternity for the baby. Real said. Along with the paternity case, Raleigh is the executive of Smith's estate. The union's turn also a co-executor, authorized to make funeral arrangements. Raleigh, however, full associated press. A television news that Smith's mother was fighting to bring her body to Texas for burial. Everybody wants her body, man. I'm afraid that what they're going to do with it. On Friday, Prince Frederick von Anne Holt, a husband of Judge Gabor and Alex. He may be the gross father. Larry King may be the father. And the son had died the last whatever was. He may be the father. Sturners listed on the virtue of the child's father. A 31 second 9 level out of your table. He's just a bit about how to put his little about her death. She's not breathing. She's not responsible. Police officer tells the 9 level of dispatcher. She's actually in the course with you guys. Could please pray them up because I think she's theyed. How to shave a modern male. Well, now do I get to pick which male I'm going to shave and. Well, it's all about that. Sure. And that's certainly. You could have put up a barber shop. A barber shop. Yeah. Oh, he's been. So to hear it. We've got it all. Nice car. Nice house. Plany of money. Yet there's still something missing. You've tried online dating. Single bars. We outie shows. And even blind dates set up by your mother. But you still can't find Mr. Right. Well, now you can stop looking. Microsoft introduces the Husbot. A life size window based anatomically correct fully functional companion that simulates all husbandly duties. Your customized husband will arrive the ground shipping in 46 weeks. Completely ready to go. Husbot, will you sing at the garbage please? I am watching the game. Even sitting in front of that television set for hours. That's out of ditch. What are you standing? You heard me? You don't talk to me. I am the food boss. You know what? My mother was right about you Husbot. You are just like that's flashy. What does that supposed to mean? Just get me at the end. So he tells and said that. Here's Husbot creator. Dr. Fritz Deckenbauer. I thought so. Things are clear. It's the perfect problem of us at woman. Then I'd summon upon the Husbot. I made him exactly like the man. Ah, what was that? I farted. You're disgusting. Let's make Ruby. Nick, what the are you kidding? You repulsed me. I'm on dayd, daddy's morning. Ah, get away from me. The Husbot is available on white. Hell black. What a dog. Hispanic. Oh, uh. Indian, yellow, taxor, and albino. Turn off the lights. Women all over the world are getting their Husbot. I thought being single was bad. But now I'm married in Mr. Robb. Thank you Husbot. That meatloaf is not going to cook itself. Good at hell Husbot. At least they can't cook my meatloaf. Ah, the Husbot from Microsoft. Just as loud as he is a normal guy. Find me. It's a 27-hour pass on that 27-hour new to QM. We've got a minor crisis here and you're going to have to help me out. And there's just like we were the other day about the product thing yesterday. Okay, we're here for you. Oh, man. I've had a relapse for me today. What is your story? Nothing. What's your story? What's your story? What's your real lapse for me today? What is your story? Nothing. What just happened? It's going to show it up. He has really got a lot of crisis. I like crazy as you a little bit bizarre today. More than usual. I can't agree. I did show you why I say it. Or Valentine's Day. Yeah, I mean, he got a card. I listen I'm not going to even delve into anything. Have you been to do with your, you know, with your whole Valentine's experience. I'll leave you in your life. I mean, just, no, seriously. So anyway my big dinner coming down there looks like I'm gonna be going to lunch that then said dinner We should be more convenient for my close personal friend. I'm you know me. I'm willing to oblige You're very accommodating cutty. I am. I mean I'm free as a bird whatever that is that we can and so I got to find a great place for lunch that maybe like you think shoelaces open for lunch For steakhouse I'm talking about some place really good. I think they are but as more is this we can verify that Someone will verify it. Yeah, let's find a really good great steakhouse. That's open for lunch On a weekend Okay, just you know just want to give that all straight enough. I'll see if Morton says as well No, Morton's is not. Oh, you know, I'm there website. I opened it 530 Monday, it's Saturday and 5 o'clock on Sunday I already just checked that out Chris is researching it now Chris is working on it right now. So have no fear when it does you know it will work it out. Shoes was very good the food and Yeah, at least you know you'll have an amusing story to tell when you you know about the football Holding it rotating it will Don himself actually come and greet me if I go into shoes where come buy and say He'll cut your steak for you Yeah, probably to something like that the brains them and Anyway, get back to this article how to shave the modern male I'm where did this come from somebody emailed it to me because you know we had been talking about it days hence In which a helpful corporate giant encourages you to please groom your crotch. It says oh Who wrote this mark more for all on the wonder in the San Francisco gate newspaper the SF gate while I figures it says I've often wondered in common moments of profound wisdom Uneffected by actual subtle thought or deeper intellectual concerns while there is no slide in essential maintenance manual for the penis Brother now you sure I can read this article. Yeah, I mean you you know, I think I'm getting later on the guard. I got the paper voting I dare If you're here you probably know that body grooming is a sensitive issue Rooming that chest Demands at that point pictures pop up it may have been difficult to attain Well, let me be more specific more it's Mark why has no man's magazine not asked where not maximum certainly not a upbeat horrific GQ Their adventure to my knowledge anyway a single enthusiasm to read detailed column as to the general health and upkeep and perhaps most importantly of all As far as overall aesthetics and tactile friendliness are concerned the Putin follicular Trimage of the enchanted regions surrounding the male appendage. Why got to read that last thing again? They put word with you said of the intended region surrounding the male appendage Well, I know it's a sensitive topic. This male maintenance thing so to speak. It's not one many sexually confused modern men open up to easily That's something we like to develop on an analyzing a way women can so easily discuss menstrual flow or vaccine techniques or purse design Men and our infinite Mule is simple minded as tend to think about all body purchase supposed to work and all the stuff growing in our backs and thighs and Groying will regions look damn fine as if it is no matter how tangle and checking utterly extra torsional might appear And how often our lovers cringe and shutter with a side of us naked beside there's little we can do about it anyway right wrong says Mark wrong For example grooming Queer eye in the entire unloved metro sexual movement aside simply shocking is the size of the male population of things trimming the males body Incredible swarm of her follicles is silly and unnecessary and just far too feminine in other words kind of gay like that And it's only meant to be restricted to the head and face and maybe a few strays on the biceps when in fact There's an entire universe of trimmer's that could take place and grateful indeed would be most attuned women of the world By the basis Mark I think I ought to do the breaker because this is a very hard to send me about waxing and all the stuff Waxy build up how to shave the modern male without him getting away. I guess This is the Rogers force radio 560 Bread and fates cheese coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story Even the great nation like the United States has had a few sorry blots in its history There have been wars there have been diseases and there was I think enough time has passed now that I can talk about it Mitch is the man who invented disco in his clear water floor to basement back in the mid 1970s Inside the behind secured this interview on condition of anonymity since a lot of people still want to kill this guy For sending real music into the toilet for half a decade Well, I still have the machine. I made to create disco music right here You can see when I turn the crank it works much like a high-tech audio meet grinder into the top of the machine Those one of the three basic song subjects dancing dancing all night and dancing like you're never going to stop I'll send a few references to booty and you're ready to go then you program in a hundred twenty beats per minute and the final ingredient What is that you're doing at the top of the machine? No, that's the crap Easy to find so many people don't pick up after their dogs occasionally when I've had beans for dinner I find Before you know it you have a top quality disco song Yeah, like the platform shoes get down everybody Sorry, you just so totally deserve that disco for rock and roll fans it was our killing fields It's a big juicy shopping. I'd like a show business tonight on inside the behind okay I'm 43 70 the little I do do a little homework there for me. Chris or what he did and It is Monday through Friday 11 30 to 23 if they don't have much on the weekends a choice Just Tula That's okay. I'm sure that there are a lot of fine outstanding places available on weekend for lunch. I'm sure they're Well, we'll work. I see this. I'll tell some more good time When we first time with that. That's right. We throw all the steak houses and all of those things And when can I get back to what shaving the modern male please? Okay. I was writing the middle of a super cut As a matter of fact hang on one second shaving your Just reduce odor make it feel more comfortable and improve the way you look and underwear As soon as you're partner she's You How's that roll anyway? By the way Many of the top black suits allows us especially here in fam friend fifth go have a great plethora of straight male clients Well Many who are brought in by the wives of girlfriends and is any worthy an attentive porn fan knows many of the male stars are wives and trim and Almost shave that it completely all the way down and back up and underneath well up into God's country Makes for more aesthetically placing camera shots is why just you know FYI What a screamer which brings us finally after too many me and ring paragraphs to Phillips, Nurelko. Oh Phillips, Nurelko A major appliance man And global leader and high and hospital medical devices recently venturing with seeming unchecked fearlessness in the delicate to rate of you know shaving the male crotch I'm gonna say something. I don't care what anybody says to me. This is just this little queens of opinion that to me sounds so gay I know this stuff and you're telling me all the ladies like it. That's what they are Listen the first the very first female to make fun of me when we were both making fun of Joe Castello Yes, was interned Shannon who you knew very well Who's she was the first in a long way to female is a stranger? Let me just tell the audience about interned Shannon. She was a real hot-nour young lady and George always gave her assignments that required her Bending down a floor going in that cupboard that cabo that we got there on the floor. He always had her bending down on the floor Yeah, he always would find some reason to have her going in that cabinet. So anyway go down the back of her pants Yeah, anyway and blouse she was the first in a long line of women to tell me that A I was wrong and B I was gross So but we owe that part yeah Which brings us finally after far too many me and ring paragraphs He says to Phillips, Nurelko a major appliance manufacturer and global leader and high and hospital medical devices Recently venturing with seemingly unchecked fear elicis of the delicate terrain of shaving the male crop I just read that gaze you won't be you I felt as the Mako's latest and surprisingly bold viral internet and campaign from 2006 found on Shame everywhere dot com it's hysterical you got to go there and Click on some shape it's all one word shave everywhere dot com shaving your Note with some amazement that the shaving where dot com URL was apparently still available Phillips hadn't already been claimed by some on underground fetish porn outfit wonders. He says yeah I wonder I wonder what kind of a queen right stuff like this about male crutches, but nevertheless what do I know about such things right? Anyway, for the records shave everywhere dot com is what the new breed of interactive live action campaigns that use a series of fluid Fast loading video splices of real actors to give the feel of the characters actually speaking right to you There's another prime example of this John Remich was also battling but highly entertaining well for about ten minutes Serves I called miss do we MS miss do we dot com which a terrifically sexy actress Janina Gavin car Sanalthenously first with and fully berates her army of Swimming geek boy viewers as they desperately swam a little type something favorite to get a retention check it out. It says okay I will Right off the bat they playfully smart me Phillips pitchman Let's call him Gary a guy apparently meant to be a cross between a like a little fraternity guy And a big red hue after and I do that the bar. I you know I can't stop thinking about that movie I can't take it in but We're eight with As soon as your partner sees your new the one with the the geek in a What is the the Dutch geek the one I can't stand oh? I don't know you know the one I'm talking yeah No, you can't think of it either. No, I love I did that move and what's her faith? Daniel will don't ways in it And they're dancing up on the bed and the whole deal and the the scene at the restaurant downstairs with the two mothers and the two guys This is seriously it you talk about a peanut pants moment that movie. What is that movie? I don't come on. I don't know when Google fade done away. It'll tell you all right I mean how many movies is she done in the last since he's been 100 years old or hundred right off the bat They playfully smart me Phillips pitchman Let's call him Gary a guy apparently meant to be a cross between a likeable fact guy and a big red hue after and the dude at the bar hoarders A gin and tonic and won't stop talking about his love of cigars and pericailing Gary lets you know the game He mentions the absolute necessity of trimming with full bleep syntax of course you're back your That oh and those and I can say balls but certainly another context of this tennis balls base of balls Football's he keeps his straight face throughout all winking nudged nudging the in the no guy to chat in the no like Winquink nudge nudged Gary selling something called a body group a rather cheaply modified electric shabber Made exclusively for men it is apparently an all over trimmer for all sorts of hair from back to armpits to Undercarriage and he has really exists Phillips is old a truckload of him far more than they expected in all thanks to Gary The pitch is clear Gary will tell you straight out that the body room will help make your Yeah, bigger well he does how better check this out there'd be a miracle for me This is a theme in a key selling point. He will also tell you with a winking straight face that the body Grom is the convenient easy general way to make your genitals bloom And if you ask him if women really prefer well groomed man a Snicker and disbelief and barely be able to contain his life to be for composing himself looking straight of the camera dead planning Yes, they do In fact the opening introduction loan addresses your average American fact guys nagging me homophobic concerns right from the start very even admitted to himself Let me tell you this whole issue of general grooming used to make me quite uncomfortable. He says But now what I hear free back well groomed shoulders and an extra optical inch on my Let's just say life is gotten pretty darn cozy. He says well You'll smile and say to yourself. This is Philips and Ralco This is a major manufacturer of mountains of Chinese made consumer products. Are they insane? Are they simply begging the Christian right to right nasty Loats to corporate headquarters and threaten a shabberboard How does they puker about the flagrant in you window and bleeps in the offensive notion that American men should shave their upper Venium I don't think I ever saw that word before my line. I don't think I've ever heard it for Venium. Huh? Well, whatever it is We haven't pretty got a day idea. What is doesn't matter click through this side a couple of times Be sure about some music video and you can't help but admit it's a ball Z move not only is Philips Avency travel DDB Smiling to find the cultural conservative mindset that wells about gaze and cries about sex and screens of the Saturday female nipple But they're simultaneously going after that rarest of homophobic monosyllic demographic beasts The untrimmed American net set a frat guy blog reading do the untrimmed American net set a frat guy blog reading do an if sales of an indication They're succeeding fabulously it says In this way you might even say that Philips is serving a deeper humanitarian purposeful filene serious cultural need They are inadvertently of course doing nothing less than informing armies of young sexually confused men beasts That the general trimming your body here including his Gary with Italy states the And ask Well, I'm not gonna read those words for crying alive even the balls. I am a little nervous about all the friends Sometimes Isn't just for transvestites and gay porn stars and met her sexual writers anymore in other words caring about this sort of thing doesn't make you gay or Stupid or we're masculated and actually makes you sort of hot says Mark. Well, I want to wear Marcus coming from You fair and besides who wouldn't want to play with an extra optical well I'm loading the music video. Maybe to George to you know load me some kind of pornographic story like that We got a thousand 14 votes by the way all you hear me guys Fuck a lot of close shave I don't know it's not it's not a topic. I really give it an awful lot of thought, you know no, neither had I but you know The old ladies they don't mind they don't know any difference but the younger olds they have a death in an opinion about it Well, they tend to be a little pushy at times the younger. Yeah, well That was 18 the port industry a 2018 votes on the pool. Yeah sure sure if I guess you're on Jeremy if it would have made it No, I mean this had to stay How we ever did make it this a real wonder which never could you like to see nominated in 2008 is our poll today We got a thousand 18 votes. Let's hear what the comeback I've made today with my throat the way it is man great job Barack Obama, but this is close. This is a little bit too tight for my comfort. I'll say that for my comfort Constance company. You think it's a tea that's done it because I did make another cup during the break Whatever, I'm not liquid. That's what you need is that what it is. Yeah See I can get confused in that hot and cold crap It's like that time I took that tumbling fall and Amsterdam and I broke the bone in my hand You know and start swallowing up and I went back I got on the tram and I went back to my apartment and I put it in a pot of boiling water And did just the opposite what you're supposed to but didn't really make any difference because I didn't know the bone was broken in my hand It's swelled up to like you know gigantic 2018 votes on the full Barack Obama's got 298 L. G. or 262. It's 36 vote lead for Barack Obama If you people will just listen to me and understand what I'm telling you Barack Obama has got he's got more personality in his little finger and more charisma and more dynamism in His pinky and now it goes down as interest to stop you by that. I don't like Al Gore it He is just wooden man and I don't want to say well spoken because everybody thinks that you're saying well spoken for a black guy No, well spoken for a spoken period like you don't forget your Biden stuff great delivery He's outstanding. Bracks the man anyways. There are 36. Holy it's tight 28262. Hillary is a distant third one 11 Man, she talked about personality. Can't complain about hers anyone know why she doesn't have any she is nasty John Edwards 87. I'm a Republican 69. Well guess what let me say it again Who ever 62 people are indifferent how can you be indifferent when we got this I like to start We'd like to see you finish like it's the sap know it'd be good and leave Bill Richardson 45 Howard Dean look how many how he's got Joe Biden 29 and I hate this pool only 27 2.6 percent how can anybody not like this pool? Even though it's only February 14. It's Valentine's Day 2007 and he'll actually ain't until November 2008 But everybody so anxious to get rid of his bozo just desperate you know, I wonder if he's shave in it I think the whole world has got a co-shave with him Oh Now can we play that joke how still a bit of an eye on things song? I probably not a good idea I'll send you a big hit in the emails from Joe Bell and from Joyce and what we wait in how long you'll be my hand in hot water The truth is that you rock or support 205 70 unless you either and I emba Dre murdered Bob Holp on ass and I want to tell y'all It's the 12 blewle now, or whatever it's Question 32 Ay said no Round in trod to nee said no box Set your rules control and keep your diaper wrong. Best place to draw, you are going to launch. What the f**k is for lunch? Not hot hot, no bitch. Just you think I know the day. Ah! Oh, great. Do we have a good hit? Yeah! Yeah! And you're shifting your blood and your hands. Why are you following me? Listen to the phone, tell you, as you sit in your duke. Yeah! Horlissus, it's just love, man. That's what's all about. You love me, too, whose dreams things? Anyway, it's called the one at QAM. I haven't taken a call to the ham-by. I don't know. I like that. That's a bad idea. I should be taking the articles with my voice and this kind of shape. Oh, it's not too bad today. It made it phenomenal. Come back. Let's pretend that you need those letters. I suggest you. Yeah. But my first personal friend said the Anthony's runway 84 is open on Sunday for lunch. And I just looked up their website. It doesn't say that. It says they're open, I don't know, Monday through Friday for lunch. So I don't see that. I don't want to walk out of that restroom with just my credit card in my hand. Whatever that means. You know what I'm saying? Right. Right. So I don't know where he found that. Maybe in the yellow pages. Maybe, you know, that's a great place, by the way. I love that place. Anthony's year, we've been there one way 84. Both things up. Mmm. That's great. You better, like, fast for a week before you go. They give you enough food for an Italian army. WQAM, hello. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I love your show. I've been here for four or five years. I go, you had to get going. I almost made me just dying my pants. Last night. But it's got a swag pipe player teaching me that. Can't play that no more. You got to be dreaming, man. We can't play that no more. Really, what happened? What happened? What happened? Janet Jackson and Justin Tinkerbell flipped their her boobies on the Super Bowl. I can't play anything. You know that. Too bad. I didn't know that. It's already here. But keep on the good work. Okay. Thanks, pal. Yeah. I mean, it's still in there. We can play a place at Dar. Here it is. I think they're always in girls. Today we can have very special friends. Stop and buy. Yeah, there you go. That's about as much as we're playing with that. 560, 560, 560, 560, maybe a rise in singing a wireless line. My experience has been that most like, you know, sensational steak house kind of places. They don't open for lunch even during the week. Right. Would you agree with that or not? Generally speaking. I mean, after this is a major crisis. I'll figure out kind of the thing. What is it? Stay causes. It's dinner kind of thing. Yeah. Let's see. Somebody. Somebody will come up with something. Oh, yeah. I did send a message that I am bringing you something along. There will be a church. Oh, I think it may be talking myself out of this meal. I better cut the crap, you know. Although it might be, you know. Edmond Leonard's name. Ed, anyway. Hey, well listen, you know, it's just one of those things. So Anthony's, I guess. I don't know. Find somebody will come up with some really sensational place that they will open for lunch even on the weekends. Okay. They're have to be. I mean, my God. How many thousand restaurants must they be in South Florida? At least 30,000 in a world-class city like this? Oh, man. There's always Mickey D. Whoa. Drive through. WQAM Hello. Make the request. Bring out the game. Yeah. Okay. WQAM Hello. QAM Hello. Yes, sir. But a baby needs to get for the fact that the law rooms got that turkey from pickup. That guy's that. Yeah, what a big difference. Yeah. WQAM Hello. QAM not there. This is like you said. They're going to be flooding us in with suggestions. I think we'd we'd we'd we'd that hold you a lot. I saved that thing with a steak house is by the way. Good. And with somebody facts in all those capital grill and. But then I think you got to go to the individual websites to find out what ours they're open because it's not on here. The good news is those respectable places do have their own website with the hours. Oh, yeah. And then you know. Well, that's why I looked at Manthenys runway 84. I don't see anything on here about being open Sunday for lunch. You know, maybe it was the threat of. You know, because a little bit of a green fart there's something. I don't know. WQAM Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, nearly. Yes, I am. How's it going, man? All right. Hey, check it out. You know, you're a. You're a. You're probably a. What? You don't. You know about. Wired magazine. Yes. What about? On. The last issue has like some dog with glasses on it and it's called the. Enemy about. Army people, whatever. You know, sick with this super buzz. And if you go on to wire dot com and find out about it and read it. It goes from bag bags to like euro and then it goes to. Walks in and we have. I had this sort of thing I read a few days ago. I did this. Oh, I'm. Yeah. I'm wired. Wicked. I'm. I'm. Well, look at world man. So what can universe have a great life. Palli. Okay. Have a good time later. See, he was doing great until he got that. I mean, that was kind of a tip. He's a good guy though. He was, you know, under the end of the end of the 100. And he sounded like he had to sort of screw on straight. I didn't expect to be. He wants to come over here. He's going to get a little haircut. You've been a haircut. 5-6. 7-0. 5-60. 5. It's a. Yeah, it's a. There you go. little shabbers out there. Well, what for snapper is so old-fashioned, you know, but you little shabbers, that's not so, so cute to me. And if you are real cute, come by, I've got this, this thing's probably getting dull because I keep like doing that up against the mic, I don't know why I do that. I've had this pretty long time I've been shaving my head, this sharper, we've jumped for groomer, I'm probably able to get new one. Well, this is a new all-coating that spawn that article is supposed to be for everything including your head, your head, your head, your head. It's hot. It's been at an angle if you're to get new some crannies, I see. Oh, some crannies and even maybe for a rainy, might not be too bad. And you're fanny. Right, WQAM hello. New, how are you doing? Great. Did you find out the uranium, uh, what it was? I have no idea. It's the medical term for the skin between the buck and the growing. I see. It's the tape. Yes, sir, George, that's what it is. Wow, no, no, how do real name? The praning is a medical term. Okay, sir. Renium? Thank you very much, sir. Okay. Take two beds. 560560, I better like adjust my praning. Well, see me, let's go. I already who said this is an educational show. You wouldn't be going under the weather and all the stuff like that. So I'd like to get that straight out about Anthony's because when you think on their website, they would know what hours they were open. I imagine you would think so. But of course, this creates a little more drama. You know, it's always good to have a little bit drama. What do you think? Oh, yeah, love the drama. WQAM, hello. QAM. Oh, and it says the associate producer's time. Uh, uh, it'll come back. Oh, I did come back. See, just like that. And we'll see what happened. I could then came back right there. WQAM, hello. QAM, oh, on. Okay. Yes, sir. And I'd like to speak to Neil. Speaking. Hey, Neil. Yep. All right. Good to talk to you. I've only called you once before. I've listened to you forever. I mean, and all these other. Oh, my God. They're over the money, I guess. Huh? Over 20 years. Over 20 years, yeah. Yeah, all the stations. You put on your market. March 30, March 1st. That's what is at 14 buffed two weeks away. We got my 31st anniversary coming up. So come up with some good presence. Okay. Or what I want there to get about. I remember I don't remember what station it was on. I think it was IOC, where the lineup was you. Rick and Sud. Yeah. It still Henry. Uh-huh. That program directly was the genius. It was phenomenal. Oh, yeah. Probably, yeah, boy Gary was a real genius, right? Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. So I know I was your doing, but, you know, I wanted to get great. Well, listen, I didn't do anything. It wasn't his doing, but nevertheless, what are you doing? What are you going? What do you got? What I want to ask? It was in a rick and shot. Sour was sounded George Lask fraud, and he's not with George Magnet. I didn't get a free meal when George is filling in, and the rick I don't know. We don't really care. Oh, okay. Okay. I was curious about that one. Okay, I'll carry us any kill the cat. No, I guess what's said I live until make your house. Did he kill the cat? There's important facts coming over to my she-no, man. I sure hope at some, see, I think we killed that thing with a restaurant to week soon. Whenever we did, then I think we bury. Oh no. No, all the good<|as|>ords are like now. That's right. see all look at that shoulos on the beach is open Monday through Sunday 11 all area go shoulos on the beach in four waterdale 321 or four large deal beach Boulevard that's pretty long just up all see how that works with my pal either put it on the pile of options because after you're going to go off the opportunity right you know what I'm going to put on top of the pile there to well for people just hold it all down just about broke my glass with that shoulos on the beach in four waterdale on a one a three twenty one North Fort Lauderdale Beach Boulevard is a one a you know how many years it's been since I've been on four waterdale beach I mean I don't couple as a new year since they closed down the poop deck and all the places there man oh I could tell you some really great stories about four-laridale Beach going way way back but that's back when it and what was the guy that just died not that long ago that had the um wasn't a poop deck that was the little bar on the corner there charted with such a get out of here you are so useless man and anyway it's just it's just saying what it used to be and then again what it is you know all depends on how old you are and what you grew up and when you grew up and what was there and everything is relative you know everything is with your relatives how we do it on a poor Barack Obama's ahead by thirty three votes al-gourdes making a move you know big lumbering guy like him what when you least expect a many all of a sudden right over your shoulder so many things about shoelas you think that they deserve to be my pile yeah I did I never been to the one in Fort Lauderdale very open for breakfast I'm not doing no breakfast but right now huh I'd like that now with they are open for lunch every day 113430 which would even include a Saturday well we'll see we'll see what works out for everybody we even George will come along not the worries 11 pass no in a QA truck of welcome to the final segment of the final installment of the Al Franken farewell show finale I'd like to thank all the interns and underpaid staff who were so eager to please made most of all I'd like to thank the Aremarica intern who put my grateful dead ram on an old cartridge tape that Peter Tripp left here when it was a TWMG M&R can we up can we hear that the one not last time that burden is yes you know that that added so much more body and flavor to my show because I thank you for that as you know I'm I'm leaving to pontificate upon a run for political arf is and yeah I'm not that I believe I own press you understand about Justin Kays Tom Davis joins me from across my phone the high top what else and now look at it if I decide not to run for senator of the universe what do you say we form a comedy team again now I wish you luck with your run for office I thought of asking more salt but he's much too close to death he turned you down on yes so am I too take it that you would and I hang up now that top top he's such a card top yes you know as the grateful dead one said what a long strange so juridon it has been so I let me out exit state less right simply say thanks for the memories I'm not gonna go away and that is of course to say should I actually run for office time John you have not I can always try my hand in job and radio it's a challenge and that's relative because I am yeah by him he just gets a chopoff right on the end 12 17 and 5 60 WCM we've got um any K for the mad dog to disapoint I guess mad dogs get enough of Valentine's Day when you think all right or will be the other reason I work and we want to yeah because you don't feel like it good reason WQAM hello yes sorry don't go ahead and ask your question when you uh... you know what you do if you make your notes and crannies or that's the whole point at a lot to that's why I ordered this new product okay and uh... they know what you think about going in to roam down the afternoon oh yeah that's that yeah uh... how you found a guest okay you talking about you have you lost your mind so you can joke you can't go to the court and you can be oh my god jim room how many can you really been on the right point to point zero zero point oh like that how we do niggas jim room oh obviously he's ready for programming the station no question about that your hired pali start on monday wqaim hello hey me all yes sir don't we fret about from shoes on the beach are you doing great and answer your question that was crazy great new on the buck right button on the beach here's a good guy was well was his memory still lingers on yeah and uh... yes sure was open for breakfast yeah but i don't want to buy for breakfast but you're open every day for lunch though right and i'm not looking for no freebie now by friend i'm not looking for that because that would be very uh... grotesque to do no i'm serious i hate i hate doing that you know because uh... what kind of a deal is that well uh... could you can feel but you got you got to do well i'm there no don't worry about it i'll see a soon i know it's a long trip thanks pali take care you too what do you just say no i'm not looking to find a place to get a freebie what kind of a way with that be to do something you know all of you know typical what the typical way i'm a freebie i do i do freebies not a way right uh... i'll florida and radio and all of you that will be a cool day in hell when i invite to buy somebody a good meal and i could turn out to be a freebie boy i would be really grotesque and uh... unacceptable to me i don't really know why i said rocket science i think George had on earlier that because it's such a world-class city and such a i mean you know you would think that ordinarily there'd be a zillion places you could use from but it's just not quite that easy i'm sure somebody will have some of some of you like that there's the guy from shoulos on the beach calling and that was pretty quick when it yes it was that was phenomenal w q a m crank line hello yeah that's the one body wash w q a m hello i'm a fatter w q a m hello in the incident where the veterinarian in a colson is like my body not anymore we've already been composing you so glad that you people are focused on the important things like an animal or body start distinct worse than it usually did all of a sudden and that lovely that's the important stuff crazy astronaut bitch and then the cool i would anybody care about anything other than that right what else is there zine america baby w q a m hello you know good afternoon the sir uh... for the love of the couple you stop reading the news yeah tepnot tip more these calls yeah and take a lot more good calls with people as something important to say like you right okay thanks good color yeah w q a m hello a nearly and you know what you know what you can actually the boys it's very liberating in cool my down here for work outside nice for change not naked or anything i think that last call had excellent point don't you by the way just because you don't know because you don't have the local news there's a high speed chase going on to the streets south florida the capturing a woman in a you all yeah and so it's great nothing just you know some of the way we hear about that like it's something that i think it would i version you know there's there's anything we almost as good as per version it's a good diversion and south florida i have no line could use a few w q a m hello and then you watch this crazy bitch in the mimey what do you all the front of around for just got to stand at about four seconds ago three i'm on the right now maybe it's on s and b c maybe they're going to be out of the i sure hope not there it is yeah and ram it and block it in with a couple please think of if it's safe and they're able to do that trump chase and anybody now we're talking about that they use usually in conjunction with a pit the new girl and finally the roadblock when do you employ the roadblock a roadblock is just another type of a some w tb j m oh i can't the thing about roadblock and stop six is you actually impressed the fact i'm sitting in Toronto and i got w tb j here by way of ms and b c l e i'm sure we're doing a press we're talking about we're talking about we're talking about we're doing a press and we're talking about internet and it's left right turned or go many different areas and deputy at what i just want to ask you to stop for a second please do you stay with us we don't find the story apparently the driver has a band in the vehicle at this point we do want to review or snow this type is on a delay at this point just obviously for a second that's sure that nothing in a vault we are on your tv school the wife who is there swarming me you haul jumping in can't get a good visual on whether or not they've been able to ever hang in the stuff sector not you can't get a hard dog pile when it was moving and as we continue to take a look they got something over there they're all standing around there's odd areas they're dragging her right yeah they're wearing a bobbo right when she bailed out she ran over her this intersection and then they uh immediately there was a police officer that jumped in to stop the moving truck for the train that intersection and there she is right there if you see her on your middle of the street mop and i will get you an exact location in just a moment we are at 441 and i'm trying to look here bob no look at the street sign funny you're listening in there to the reporter who's in the shop for it tubby w tv j as we watch the conclusion of this high speed chase that started in hollywood florida but went well into the mianny date county uh the way this ended is the way you hope these kind of things ended nobody specifically hurt the driver abandoning the vehicle jumping out why she went while it was going to be a deputy chiffy atwood joining us she's been trained in these sort of high speed chase and jepley as this comes to a conclusion thank god this is the best conclusion we could have had absolutely the goal is to end a quickling and safely with no one injured and of course get the person in the custody safely so this is the best conclusion a lot of people were probably watching this saw the police officers following behind it a certain distance and wonder why they didn't intervene in any way can you a good little bit of insight about that why they just continue to follow the you home it really kind of depends on what kind of information they have yeah this is so exciting i'm interested to go into a coma it's just so some yahu broad uh hallways with a u hall and uh their chase near in the sheet jumped out and a grand grass and cheese in the police and i go to the husskow and what's it all about to be have any idea no look like some crackhead some drug get out of here now that's not nice thing to say how do you know that you can tell a crackhead drunken spot looking at that bitch i said crackhead or drunk oh up and look at all in vehicles there man look at all in police guys and this is more exciting than almost as much setting as alienito when they were on the way to uh sit through jeans house so that just feels exciting is that remember that when it was zip and across the due to the time of call and the kiki sances was on the phone turn around with come back there's nobody gonna be there turn around with come back crazy person ricky tiki sances we had a thousand ninety two votes on the pool today why never expected all this excitement on the same day no which never credit would you like to see nominated in 2008 of course i realize that's not very important because how does that compare with like police chase in Miami on 441 or it was carcass and in the cool is the riding carcass or the yoke although we don't hear too much about the crazy bitch astronaut no more thank goodness for that oh there you go she got to go got it how folks are coping with storm but there's an in the cool on left looking really good there is my and there wow even i would do you decided about that but which is ever credit like to see in Barack Obama three sixteen algore 285 it's getting close it's getting tight 15 is 31 votes man algore's right on barracks but Hillary Clinton 118 john Edwards 95 i'm a republican 72 wow and he's still listening and that's something and put reading the newspaper and he'll stop no whoever 66 bill riches in 47 how are 1335 Joe Biden's got about thirty man and i hate this poll a mirror 28 2.5 percent out of a thousand ninety two i think got a shot of twelve today don't you 1200 i think you do well i think that's an omen for a woodbind today the biggest i've got on by the way i like to be this is the urochrist round for what a way 60 thousand algore's a little boy this is i with this dude who autopsy a set for tomorrow to determine what killed and an occult man like her life for career also had its ups and downs i'm doing a part of the 1994 she married an 89 year old oil tycoon died a year later in 2002 she started in her own reality tv series in contrast to the way 90s for figure had changed she lost weight again and more recently became the spokeswoman for the diapotic trimspa it's no secret Smith loved the line light and she's fast in it often you don't have to what my dinner Smith's world changed dramatically with the birth of her daughter Danny Lynn last fall you have to keep in the middle of the night there's much more Smith will remain in the media over the controversy surrounding her daughter's paternity and doing a point or family guys and two girls and her dad the results of her autopsy should provide some answers which are good you need your pizza okay 1232 she was a class act may know what no mistake about i'm not going to read any more of these stories because i think i had a good point you know oh yeah let's just take a whole bunch of great calls like kids here up in the sea take all these calls right now let's take everyone in turn i know this line one still is not working by the way yeah you're in a room yeah wow two wait cause we don't really care about such stuff all we care about is payday that's a way to both down it's like that smocked i called it and nothing to say about anything what we did us paper now yeah we this we're waiting for your fantastic calls by the way there's a one on the board fine of course even when they do come in the same and they have really something to say oh not usually but nevertheless you the experts i'm just the pets that's been doing this on the years don't forget now what they as March one Thursday 21 28 week from tomorrow no time from tomorrow is my 31st anniversary on the earth south Florida and that exciting wow oh yeah and the best part of the whole deal is the lights just all went out on the phone how do you like that as soon as your partner sees your mood have you got them you got the lights yeah i got lights i got nothing oh there they go finally I came back some of the somebody i think is patchking around who knows maybe what's his name maybe bob vermuth is in the building it's the weather what are you talking about you know those blizzard's it's what are you doing hello hi you're okay well i'd say happy Valentine's day because i deliver flowers so i have to they make me well happy Valentine's day to you well thank you very much and thank you for the entertainment but i have a suggestion for you if you're going to be in town and you're looking for a great steak in the daytime yeah i don't um count them a girl but it's up at um gallery a mall yeah and the front of it i mean it's not too much of it's not as far as yours but awesome really i think they i'm pretty sure they're open in the daytime okay i'll check it out thanks sweetheart okay thanks no have a good day thanks bye oh honey like that capital real i said something when we were doing the thing about the steak house is a lot of great called and raved about how great that was and they did put it with the and the gallery i mean that's uh i don't remember how to get there i'm just at a four lottery al guy even i've lived in plantation for 100 years when you get a east uh you just go east go east of one what oh not anything until you get there that's why i don't want to go over there man when you get east of four forty one and you get into four lottery boy it's a permanent construction man for a hundred construction i'll tell that it's a pickpick there right tell whatever i'll go there okay nothing but time w qa m hello and you're already going all right pali i saw that you i started a poll for uh you know for the democrat now in 2008 and i thought you see that because off of 95 or like down an aventress there's a bunch of people holding up kind you know protesting uh every queen i don't know my car right now oh oh oh god dude all right i like the guys that come with their own sound effect oh yeah that was excellent 113 votes on the poll like we all like money I bet you part said i feel like we should send like i check or something for all that you know when i got up this morning i mean this maybe it's an old man i might actually have a winning date would buy an all the way down it they just say in pain lately but i got up this morning i was positive i was going to come in here George you're doing a show like you know like i couldn't speak you sounded like like that like death boiled over i felt pretty good now i feel great i feel on top of the world but it was just a layer of fuzz does that what was yeah you need to do it don't you keep hanging hello hey Neil yes sir you got to try that on how little beach will it in this game i started the name i think it's Vera i spoke too much about everybody you have to try the lamb chop with Carl what is on with it i think it's Vera I spoke too much though i'm not going to remember okay well you said at the first time you spoke too much so somebody suggested that i forget the name of it Greek restaurant oh Greek i'm not in the Greek no way look big and fancy i just missed a little Richard again there on the guy damn what what that oh maybe Brandon will get you a good quality audio that's something i think i don't know where to how he is today he's a vanished on me he probably have said because i don't care about Vince McMahon and Donald Trump i just see one thing about me i cannot pretend to be interested in something i just don't care about i can't i can't know what will be doing like what can't do it like like wrestling like that you know i said w w e the w w f e and f you know f u and w u yeah are you ready to run ball and f e you know i'm not it's only February nobody dolphin fans have had a lot to complain about rights very jackass i don't be reading the newspaper now need to take more calls okay w q is about to take it for us to go to q i am w q i am hello hello Neil i'll be back to you back to you you happen to know where the optician the optician beat up that old man from that new source what part of the ron for that was no yeah i don't know idea if i want to go to their beat is that i'd like that guy and i'm not sure i got to go away that guy's a fake care Neil okay he's a little bit by the way the guy 75 years old and this crazy optician pho enough to get that yesterday comes out and he just beats it it tried to beat the crap out him but friend there are peat whatever his name is peace of mind he held his own he was duke it out he had his fist up you know like that and he he went he opened the door this is a nut job he opened the door and slander way to oh did i hit you excuse me and a star's punch and i'm in crazy bro looks like one of those guys from injure somewhere like that see you got all these um do i dare say it fake doctors you know like in highly and sweet water and so on yeah we were people you know yes with a pho um that's right credentials on the wall pho need to grease and so on and here we got like uh some injure people like that i grew a lot of people from injure a lot of people from Pakistan a lot of people from china a lot of people from pho peens some people from hunger anyway where's the uh so buries says how come there's gonna be a 12% rate hike on the dolphin season tickets and of course ball the pop marches we race ticket prices every regardless of what the season is that's what Wayne says dolphin said a $59 average ticket price was among the eight lowest in the NFL in 2006 meanwhile Wayne whose team hasn't been blackout at home during the regular season since October of 98 makes the apologies for the big hike on club seats affecting more than 4,000 renewals some sweets also went up he says it's justified as to any club seat holders decided he'll 20 years ago and no escalation for five years then only a little bit you're increases haven't hit up double really should have been he said yeah the great free ride for 20 years the guy sitting next to him is paying what you've got to pay now you've got to catch up Marlon's president David Samson could resist mentioning the dolphin price hike during a town hall meeting Saturday saying he would keep ticket costs low in a proposed new baseball stadium Samson said the dolphins whose bank for the renovations maybe it's the fans but a week better boop at and with the upgrade I think it said the club levels gonna be like a golf course clubhouse new restaurants new clubs new restaurants new turrets all of all of these things all of these things despite complaints we have the number of non-minuils has been comparable to past yearsbury says we don't want to lose one ticket season to take it order what Wayne said however there's a long waiting list for those seats on the sidewalk so in other words sub your and rare to say they don't like it take a hike just like they got to call me for it don't be the newspaper you don't like to show take a hike get lost adios your ghost can't stand those people and you know they won't they those are the people would never ever leave that the big turns to complainers the winers can't pay them to you couldn't hold a gun to their head exactly I'd like to yeah what are you gooders and we and where's that hot weather guy and CNN you know as soon as I mentioned something about that he's never come back that I can't guy he's not a key and he's not I need maybe he's waiting for some hot weather pretty hot twenty two one and five sixty wc and hold it previously on twenty four woo the following takes place between ten and ten five a.m. on check powers twenty four hours off well mr. bower on doctor schnitzel grubber if he just a bend over the engraved rank was but just a second this should take long shoot I'm coming to my office and I'm going to get a chance you want to stay me here in my office tired of putting my ass on the line for nothing I'm done putting my ass on line for nothing but the win so tens is well heard just a question how much you want to come down it's about maybe if I call it the nurse there's I'm really not like you're 20 four hours up tonight only on five five twelve forty five sixty wc man I feel like I haven't even had this cool how do you like that just like a brand new trial I wonder what that's all about don't tell you was that stupid as to you okay well think it's just nature doing it's staying press the fact that I went to bed might it really last night I slept like a child man like an infant hot liquid is that what it is yeah it'll be written a ten a and then velvet out of your throat though that's what got rid of it the velvet it was fought for on far's former bush I'll have to read this guy's going to get upset former bush national security council official also said a wait a minute say I'm reading the wrong spot here this is from the roster of raw story former bush national security council officer Flint leverage speaking at today to form held by the new America foundation to the crowd in the senate office building that in 2003 then secretary state will uncool and power received a grand bargain offer from Iran it was revoked by the white house I know it's the fact from multiple sources this went all the way up to secretary of power leverage said citing multiple sources at the state department and the national security council and powers words he couldn't sell it at the white house in other words Iran made them an offer that couldn't refuse and they refused leverage said the letter was also delivered to the U.N. security council right still Congress last week that she never seen it right the document went over to the N.S. units unthinkable that it wouldn't have been gone to national security adviser condom lees a lover to certain she owes congress in apology for saying she hadn't seen the document the statements he's making before congress are not true levered at it noting that twice almost certainly knows they aren't true in other words liar liar your pantalones are on fire bitch levered as served as the senior director for at least affairs on the national security council for march 2002 till march 2003 added that condom lees was probably lying which you said she hadn't seen the offer around made which was channeled through tin gildman the Swiss ambassador to Iran the Washington Post printed a PDF of the offer to these online vision of their newspaper gildman told you as officials in 2003 that an Iranian proposal for comprehensive talks have been approved by a ransom print religious leader i atola i a colleague company then president mohamma kathami and inform Mister coml caraza according to a copy the cover letter to the Iranian document obtained by the post but it be better but about how you like that or her i think a couple stories about that did you during the uh... the vacation week sure nobody cares no i mean what is it got to do with an accol for cryo her writing parties and the fact that we're going to start the dropping a new center and stuff like that why should anybody care about that or all is did people are right see that's one good thing about the american people thanks to the mass media they really got their property straight enough they got their heads on straight a as far as these calls are concerned i see we're got back in the list of them again how did how did you allow me to do this uh... weakness drugs because it is wins the i thought they yesterday went okay considering the fact i couldn't speak and monday went just spiffy is what you told me and today has been you know just fine but all of a sudden i look at the phone and that is a during a line one by the way still doesn't work here at qa and i just mentioned that i'm a city every day just care and what is it yet i'm now is picking in the pickin five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon singular wireless line and like you said in a world-class city like in south for a long why should there be any problem any any time of any day the week finding a magnificent place for a fantastic meal w qa m hello hey near how are you pretty good sir i want to say that two things when we raise my windows in my car beautiful door of each uh... i found that you and back to you and also the reason i think that uh... like you said baracco bomb at his so attractive to the voters on many levels is because a the republicans are just completely meant to everything up in everybody knows that but also for this generation he kind of reminds me of a no-tea cultural kept a jack can't eat and that's why i said before right right and i just think that that is on a resonative this guy does something serious doesn't come out on him i can't see how he doesn't he doesn't go forward okay well that's what i got my fingers and my life's cross love a baby thanks pali five six seven oh five sixty baracco thousand eight to be great don't be late and pound five sixty in the Verizon singular wireless line w qa m hello in collaboration with the old Rogers and the hard rock we bring you the fight to the right w qa m hello any other questions yeah this last one day i was watching a movie on uh... i think was an effect channel and in the movie they showed uh... two guys you know bad back you know the fun and i thought that's not possible that i was wondering why they're not possible two people was cable no no it was very good at the access cable channel sir not a regular over the year channel it's a cable channel effects got you thank you very much no one another my friends can answer the question okay well i'm glad you guys all enjoyed that though the bear but that was good back home see i don't probably just want to know how they could get away with that that's because of the people although i do know that even on cable they still believe out a lot of words and stuff and crowded to the center of the forehand territory they just don't want to cause a ruckus they don't want to take their chance they don't want to stick their neck out there and get stuck in a ringer good days sing a singer and a singer how we do it on the public and make twelve hundred i mean i do sound pretty good considering what i did this morning but i sure i didn't hear about a hundred hours eleven forty seven votes on the poll will get twelve hundred easy and then jobel will come in here to a clock say great job guys excellent job and by the way jones and he say uh... that wordy well was it where to get in per perineum what was that word about the old jesus i have no idea that something about your ball or work that he can hello that he can you i am hello yes sir you're right i didn't like hearing the news article read yeah good got dead okay there this is material he's got nothing else to say and these are anybody else i don't why get the sucked in this phone thing man every once in a while it looks it looks like there's going to be a little bit of progress and all of a sudden it's right back to this again and of course he felt impelled to call back again to tell me he wanted out no matter what in fact i i i think it would be after every article i read he can call in say you're right i didn't want to hear another article on here you can do that because at least it'll give something i have no right you know fill up his time like this one jackson michigan well i remember with jackson michigan man jackson harness raceway remember that clearance a octere banfield then quick there comes whitey and spot on a far outside but anyway jackson michigan you know where that is nope so i like between it's like right in central machine it's south of lansing right between calamism and detroid a christian university in jackson county is firing a trans gendered professor doctor john nema check is taught at the school for sixteen years but when he started transitioning to become a woman the school reduced nema check responsibilities eventually is contract but not everyone supports universities decision spring arbor is a christian school but one group of fact all the students there say that doesn't mean there is a room for diversity or perversity money to help her rally to support the trans gendered professor fired by the school i'm overwhelmed i'm really grateful for them coming out on a cold and wintry day so doctor july nema check they came out on a cold and wintry day ahhh all right and by the way um what what was that basketball player that came out came out of the closet john michy there was a huge article in yesterday's um i'm sure i'll be through the paper way and yesterday's tomorrow star about him and about how he said that tarana was ready for a gay athlete to come out of the closet and the how progressive and open minded and wait which he's read about that because this city is extraordinarily gay but nevertheless anyway the people were all gathered in front of spring arbor university for doctor july nema check spring arbor hasn't given a solid reason why july can't stay here we think it's really important that she's stay so once a quarter what are for jim park was wearing a supporter that while he wouldn't have it on the moment nema check said turny randy barbees has letting july go months to discrimination i wish you wouldn't have reminded me of that by the way makes you know i get emotional when i think about it yes we should turn the clock back in time and just relieve that moment i might relive it but where did you say clock oh nema check said turny randy barbees is letting july go months to discrimination this may be a christian college i thought that's what was all about christian is discrimination in the hate right but they accept federal funds there's students get federal only when you get federal funds you have to follow the federal law said barnet rate this case is said to go to mediation march but nema check said turny says if that doesn't work they're going to take it to court they're going to take it oh juggs july was on last night king that's why went to bed i do like damn it i wanted for one is it watch i'll watch larry king to hear what she's got to say she's maybe even put up with his crats right she said you're a stranger they don't cover his stranger then larry well that's for namsher and i'll take it he's not the one that pooped his pants couple days ago well i'll take it apart we know yeah at least we have another report yet propathy six on q a m it's the one to two hour oh well no move back to dc so please vote for hiller we my curdle winner move back into the white house you can call me the first fossil plan state dinners for m a lady vote for m a lady i'm talking about for first lady that's right folks it is hiller east time when she's flying air force one i'll be home get some in the last wing when i'm lying cheap i cannot be impeached that's the best thing before m a lady vote for m a lady talking about for m a first lady it is hiller east time two from all these guys you'll baby that's right roll out you would all back into the link in bedroom i wonder which position to give me a secretary state that's all we'll see no we keep us down well there you go staff is the one i want to find since the all CBS 4 investigative reporter Mike Kirch was arrested today during a traffic stop in derail according to date police but there was another page cominger just sounded like a button happened no there's a false alarm yeah and happened this morning at north west on fifty th and forty second terst stop waiting the news mail on story a court police curse was driving his daughter to school when he made an illegal turn officer pulled his ass over and the rest of them too cursed charge the officer in an aggressive manner said Mary Walters with the day police department the charger charges for not immediately know we just found out ourselves that channel force folks men leave Zimmerman we're trying to get to the bottom of it all what ever happened to Mike Zimmer who Mike Zimmer used to be my producer when i worked at the w just news months upon time anyway to be a cameraman a channel four he was a fine looking young man who's uh... you know one of those guys let me hook all it Mike Zimmer get out of here he'll whatever happened to my core vat used to be you know that would be an interesting thing to find out all the way never probably will and certainly by taking the calls you know how it's information we get i think capital real sounds like a good answer to my dilemma they're open uh weekends noon before and highly uh my highly rated i mean get nothing but rave reviews what do you think have you ever eaten there no i have not so i can't help well what about Chris no sir anything well listen you i can't believe there's any place you have any now that's it a little bit of a shock coming from a fat sloth like me but you know you certainly don't in barard correct yeah in the gallery well i don't buy some trozou i beg your pardon Chris almost lives in key west you live by the metro zoo yes well i'll be down and air now is it you were who is it that hates uh what's his name from the rama gill that'll be me and what is it about rama gill that you despise them like in fact they he's fake very well i'll play that open for the one to two hour again and you see how since you're right this is rama gill for mommy metrosoo and i listen to that new riders one to two hour hell let's even better than sex with the animals that's not a pretty sincere to me didn't it to you he has to meet with everybody every day and million times so he's got that whole all i love you too down but he's when you behind the scenes he seems very fake are you saying like backstabbers that we're trying to say i'm about backstabber but you know that that's all i you know your good friend yeah turns to whatever get away from you type thing now you work for him or something because it sounds like you've got a personal bug up your ass about for rama gill i was in the he's always doing a lot of real i'm not a program in eighth and eighth grade you were in the zoological maggot program magnet you know what is going to have done here where what is that integrate schools like you know different high schools and junior high has have special programs to bring other kids into the school i'm gonna tell you if they if they bring the uh they they're showing all the snow here i don't know who this guy is this some mocha guy and all the me i'm seeing it but if they bring the other uh whether god back i may have to like have an interlude and like hover over the TV set or something that guy is really something i'm just telling you because you guys wouldn't know but i'm just you know nope the archie guy in fact yeah there there's an arrow when he comes a screen on TV there's an arrow i can't tell you where it's pointing to his but it says i key i don't remember what that means i you like to translate for me all right w q a m hello good call so far not too bad q a m didn't that that's one of the quietest deadlines i've ever heard i love those and w q a m hello our last one hello okay said okay yeah quite weird i was new stories and you let's go back to the great calls man i really don't mind capital real i think is a capital idea now if i go through my pile of stuff here i that's probably not a good idea because you know one thing about this audience you can never go back i'm gonna tell you we discussed that i'm gonna be right in time so you can do it you can do the most historical the most enjoyable the most loved show and if you come back the next day and do anything that even snacks of anything similar oh well you have been playing that game deal i already played that game you play this oh there's also a capital grill in on brick lavano in Miami oh i don't and do i want to go all the way down there oh i don't know if you do i don't well i can fight about it with my close personal friend we can battle it out before 444 brick all river gate plasma you you you're a day county guy Chris here you go where's that it's never heard of an owner it's never you never what have not heard of river gate plasma what are you sure kind of a no what about it's in day county i don't live in day county like you what kind of people live in day county people are stuck there i'm sure exactly brick lavano is it down town and just south of well wait wait a minute are you suggesting that i don't know where brick lavano is so you would like you or you didn't know are you in other words you think that i'm that stupid that after having been there for like 30 years i don't know where brick lavano is all the way around with you man had this all the flavors going lately don't remember how you tell that Jim parks story every year yeah well i guess before that's that's something i'll never forget believe me just forget telling people about it well maybe back into the i could tell him about it as you know now just like they got a one to hit the ground the bit yeah the blame pack playing playing pack by yeah bang flag flag flag flag that was this important something we can play or not i don't know i recall my life's who i'm doing about you i should we went swimming they did not i never went swimming they could with him i didn't see him naked though they're in the locker room that one day but because he was not the same class i thought i said you want to you and when i shot you and i thought like dropping you might need oh no well that's probably just the same one of those parents for me it would buy it right a lot of people drop into their knees these days was a subidator school right yeah it was a seminal idea i think to check out this so there's a capital griller's more than one i guess i'll google it during the break there's no emergency now this isn't something that's coming up like in five minutes or something like that but i hear nothing but it says juicy porter house stakes north Atlantic lobster grilled seafood and classic desserts i'm in the summer and that's i'm good yeah i don't even have any bacon to make today it's because we got that damn snow out there how's the snow going up there right now now not too bad i got it i'll take a one thing about up north okay at least here all the way haven't any snow up until today like hardly at all all season but like in buffalo and other horrible places that nobody is saying wants to look they sure know how to do it when the snow come in a gigantic mountainous amounts of lake effects snow and all the other crab comes in they know how to fare it pretty good pretty fast now can you imagine if it ever really snowed sailor was on each thought about that like they can you know they can't drive on a perfectly dry road can you imagine the autococcus what is our friends who's in candida emergency hearing and that it can be in bomb but not very getting custody judge and it's remains the lawyers representing Howard case during her partner has had successfully petitioned for this emergency hearing in about a half hour from now oh my god who argue before the judge that they have the rights to anticolecness remains now in order to prove that they attached apidavits to their petition and those are statements coming from a former bodyguard from a doctor who is a friend of Smith and Sterns a friend of Smith from Texas as well as an interview that anticolecness once did with entertainment tonight that show in which in which she states that she wishes to be buried in the Bahamas next to her son Daniel my dad died of an overdose at the age of 20 back in September literally a few days after the birth of daddy when an inoculance in condolences yeah you know i love soon candy got a sister sweetheart and uh she remember that they that the stevenic alaita come in to do that yeah i can't interview about some diet that i wasn't even on i was so embarrassing yeah so she loves us nevertheless we love you two Susan but you almost think that it was an important story about uh and a cool and who's the father of the baby and if she writing and how bad is it smell um capital hill capital grill in Miami on four forty four brickle uh let's see when they're open they're open Monday through Thursday yes all see that isn't going to work not for them hmm how's that possible all you want to know why why because they're in downtown Miami they're like yeah business people see right restaurants that heated of the business crowd on a weekend's they're not open for lunch just like here and so on and downtown Miami in the water i guess i kind of know is it down to the giel area which is a good spot it's kind of a close shave i think i really ought to bring you a b*** and this guy's giving me don't read the newspaper on here that where did that come from one of our listeners what up to shit this shabby yeah i've got an email from with one of the all time best make it when don't pay any attention that pustic all earlier would know as assets a somebody put both hands on it god that was pathetic let me know in seventy five ohds on the pool if at this point we just want to too honor the California courts order just keep the body here judge until the cow i i have never other than James Brown which i guess is not a controversy i guess that was intentional the way that he wanted or whatever the right yeah but in her case i have never seen such a fuss over a body i mean granted there's plenty of body there but my god everybody's got some pullin and tugging in it's like a like a the wishbone thanks feeling man everybody's yanking in all kinds of directions so to speak i'll think i can say that wq a m hello hey yes sir who's this who you've gone what do you want to talk to him for this is real i talked to George for what do you want my chop liver now cuz George was on for a week and now i'm chop liver no not at all okay i just worry about the i just need was at brickle and the 90 river oh i remember that but they're not open on the weekend there anywhere so i can't do that but plus i don't want to go there i don't know i mean they county for me and you know and my core bat is a television producer and Dallas really yes what a he's a good guy did you know Mike i know him yeah i mean real personal like or what okay have a great day pal see the people that i remember i was a good looking guy you know my core wrath was a good looking young guy when he was a camera guy channel six or a news guy whatever he was not he's in Dallas love you might i think see i'm easy fist about i am you know like that song goes i'm easy what's that the parody we got i'm skinny and i'm easy what it is you don't have it skinny the parody i don't i don't know where to even look for it you don't have it you know i don't think you're keeping up to date and then once once it gets to be April and then other a service starts without the disc anymore and chicken act is gonna have it i don't know how you guys are gonna get you know offload over that thing i don't know i'm gonna try to convince them to keep mailing the discs right here it is what's wrong with you man so many magic motion i'm not too crazy about it i'm not sure if i'm gonna fly that stand up no sounds crazy but she didn't slow her oh i do like that song i don't know why do you like that song like or she i mean he started out as a good song then they played it five thousand times yeah they don't play minimal don't play my own which i don't know if it was really or oh boy i hate it i can't say i'm not a sight of it i think he's pretty bad no one sounds vulnerable to the scale eleven eighty dot eleven eighty wachayman rochester never said about we all used to get free hockey tickets for the rochester ambush from bob turner used to this forks on wachayman rochester another scythe nope and he would read the names of the winner because nobody else wanted them you know i mean no actually the america still around they drew well but it was one of those things i was one of those radio nerds you know and it was just in postcards to win the free uh hockey tickets and just every week almost i get to compare free hockey tickets from bob turner i'd like that and he'd reach in the thing and oh yeah Nelson be how far in Canada was like that how the hell did i ever get here you know when you really come right down with stuff and think about it how did i get my ass sitting in this chair right now you know what i mean gravity seriously it's it's i should write a book nobody would read by it but you know maybe i was just right on my blog and i was sure they have everything i've ever been anything i've been a long time somebody also cut and paste in the nil the uh you know released the book and and make a million dollars right that's okay one one thing i'm not sure out by the way is money sunning i don't say that to rub it into you guys since you're getting paid to be booked but that's one thing and i'm gonna tell you something money isn't everything but you know what having more of it is not a bad idea the biggest thing has it all it's you out what is this is you rock and the total of which is you right and hold it and now friends from rehab mis USA tarot counter talks about her battles with drugs and drinking the matter of recovery on married king live what do you do these are mis USA who's supposed to do you know film i boy put them a alcohol really i think so cocaine exactly does it lead you to wild things sexual things whatever let's watch i don't think so i'm very insecure i'm very insufficient what was the worst thing about rehab i didn't get to use my phone uh you have a desire alcohol i'll maybe i can just have one more one more so i'm gonna hurt uh now uh we'll be right back i'm Larry King live don't go away i'm okay when i've seen all the trauma all the time and we got so many important things going on we got her and then we got the uh astronaut we got poor and in the cold who's rotting her flashes rotting and stinking and all grotesque like you were saying before about how to those how do those people smell back in the day probably not all i could i imagine but since everything is relative they it probably didn't you know they didn't notice you know i was just the background smell of of the world uh kind of like an afternoon a woodbind is what it reminds me of the sights the sounds and the smells i remember i i didn't see one time i didn't think about the sights and sounds of home world of course we can't play those sounds anymore but you can you can use your imagination right five six seven oh five sixty i don't want to read any more of this stuff because number one i'm losing my voice again and you notice let's go i'm not freaking anymore that hot tea uh number two i don't want to get that guy very upset seven he was like an adjumped in it yeah well no right on the edge of the balcony there he had one leg over it and uh one leg up his spectrum but five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the horizon singular wireless line heavy duty facts from the callouts is what it would be possible to place a link for that shaving sight and uh whatever that says what they say oh yeah let's let's put that up on our our website on the rojjj.com okay probably there are a lot of shaving everywhere i want to serve her boyfriend or husband or both who i gotta close shave who don't know is i still say and you can you know you can go on from now until the end of time it sounds very gay to me just from personal experience see the the body wash thing when you first brought it up sounded very sound gay to me i i know because you're gay what is it i said you're gay oh no is your gay oh i came handling don't know the QAM hello QAM let's put some meal please speaking i think how you doing good i've been waiting years to call you to thank you for some of you did a couple years ago okay uh back to the earlier I had someone called up and said about that there's going to be a revolution you will understand i mean said to them nothing's going to change from that day on i looked at the world a different way and had a better life because of that and just wanted to call them thank you for that good i like it and it doesn't matter my two words of advice enjoy life i'm telling you but after are you going to keep up taking calls as a sub-loop today what do you mean by that why mean you know sometimes i enjoy the calls but like i think you're not probably know that body Georgia is a mess with you quit playing that body oh no that was an accident i was you know quit hasty like a Sunday's nursing go ahead sir i'm the same i'm just glad you think the call to love a winning year so thank you for that so well do you very welcome in the price was right exactly enjoy life pali thank you no that's my advice to people i mean you know i read a lot of this serious stuff and i try to get people look like like here's Doug Thompson's hard i might read that if i have time or if i have enough voice i doubt it they don't want to hear me reading all this fondness but you know seeing sitting here on a radio is not going to change the world there's some people take themselves way too seriously and i used to do that back in the day and i did those boring shows with the guests all the other crap and i was talking to the average demographic back then was death plus twenty you know i'm thinking i'm going to change something i'm not saying we totally disinterested and don't give a crap about what else going on but enjoy your life because if you think that you're going to change the powers that be and the insanity of the world i mean just look what's going on right now just take a look at it and pick your guts out and go back and have a good time that's my best advice you know a very limited time enjoy we got twelve hundred votes on the poll how do you like that huh how you like them rotten apples i don't know what that means either no there's stupid cliche how do you like them apples well i don't know how about you like like the blueberries which democrat would you like to see nominated in 2008 1200 votes baraco bam a 350 he's pulled away a little bit you go man he's 42 votes and i'll go with his 308 Hillary Clinton 129 john Edwards 105 i'm a Republican 81 well your mama what are whoever 71 they just don't care 71 5.9 percent they're busy enjoying life and have a good time out of blame them bill Richardson 57 Howard Dean 40 Joe Biden 31 and i hate this poll only 28 2.3 percent finally got to pull it somebody liked WQAM hello which we had to do after that horrible poll yesterday which i still apologize for that was very very weak on juridist i'm sorry i talked to him WQAM hello okay okay so there's two for two on that see the guys who's going to continue taking it out yeah if we get them you know but assuming that they're going to be caused means that you're assuming somebody might have actually something to say in a course in south Florida that's highly unlikely extraordinarily extremely amazingly unlikely is what i was suggest i could be wrong about that being the hard bit no bastard that i am but i just you know it doesn't happen very often we've had some people that you've had a little bit little something some right yeah i mean not like overwhelming not spectacular not sensational outweigh the you know educational informative amusing etc all the one guy that had the sound effect going the hell everything that was pretty good work and we get more those kind now we need a lot more like him get your own equipment going over there maybe Jim Scott or hoppy odd WQAM hello hey what's up on when he'll hide on sir oh my throat starting to feel like yours on my gall rat free in crack last for you yeah anyway yeah back to you okay see a him and then i'm the same he isn't my sky um sounds very uh gay not i don't mean him but just a comment head of a sexual man do not wish other men happy valentines day i don't care what anybody says it just you know i mean they can do it like he just did we've had a few people who that today to me it sounds extraordinary gay you know it's just that kind of a holiday you know it's a holiday for sweetheart great could be two guys could be a guy and a chick could be you know whatever could be two chicks could be a chick and a chunk twenty six past one in five sixty wqm one that was that i don't know oh it's good must have a real quiet the old gun real quiet i don't think it that one actually recorded look at that i don't think i've ever done that before my life this one did how do you like that after not long ago stay away from oh that's your not woman no stop you come here bangin on my tar door you can have him you knew me who she will drive on it to attack you and wear a diaper so she don't stop to you okay well i wanted to thank this for that it was like thirty seconds of a blank sparrows was well i said it goes it's a technical screw up and this time it's on this and i'm proud of it i'm real happy for myself twelve hundred twenty votes on the poll well Chris what are we to lean heavily on this and he's got the ability to lean heavily we can make thirteen today but it's not like that's gonna happen and because there are absolutely no calls in at board i'm gonna read duck toxins caught on oh no oh yes good business as usual on capital hill from capital hill blue dot com he says yet things are different in Washington since the democrats took over the hill and turned to place in the most ethical congress in history no more gridlock no more fact cat lobbyist buying access no more talking to talk but not walking the walk wait a minute let's look again president motion still doing pretty much whatever the hell he wants any more american troops to find his illegal and moral war congress hasn't stopped him or they close to finding any way to do so the senate still can make a vids behind how to debate on a nine binding resolution while the house promises one by the end of this week but it's too little more than a political all i can read that yank off oh well i'm not gonna read what it says after the public relations with a hundred hour agenda that often put in produce little the hell is settled in the same old bastion of all talk less work and even last at less action and those lobbyist who speak in the policy and majority leader here he promised to be driven from the halls of power there's still around still writing out the big checks still buying access and still controlling the legislative agenda democratic senator bill knows that a bunch of them doubted my me week in before lines for the super bowl for five grand each they got to coce up to the senator the sky box and mingle now that back in Washington writing legislation benefit their clients that the senator will be also happy to sponsor senator tom corporate democrat from Delaware set up a scheme weekend at the risk problem bachelor gulfs resort in a colorado for lobbyist willing to pony up five grand each that's also the cost to go skiing in snowman building this month in Montana with senator max bakis can make it this month that's all right matches having a five-fishing weekend this summer cost the same just right on check for five big ones but that's too compared to the weekend at harbour house resource positive by the democratic senator can pay in committee it'll take a check for twenty five grand a half-nob with members of the most ethical congress in history over on the house side representative Stephanie Tubbs doesn't want to girls left out so lady lobbyists are welcome to join her manicures and muffins at capital nails in Washington the prices are too bargain by lobbying standard just twenty five hundred bucks Republicans of course aren't sitting back and claiming the high road their two busy finding their own waste let lobbyist five votes senator mel martinis is sponsoring a five thousand dollar head president stay week in a Disney world while we're Virginia representative Eric Cantor will drink coffee with lobbyist at Starbucks for twenty five hundred bucks the cost of a double-laut they just went up one of the first actions promised by the new leadership of congress was a ban on free trips and lavish gifts from lobbyist members of congress and we actually have scandal-scard former Republican whipped Tom Delays many golfing trips and lavish vacation on somebody else's tab but the incadden dried on the bill before the campaign funding committees on both sides started circulating memos and how to get around the new restrictions instead of letting the lobbyists pay the tab directly the money now goes into the political campaign fund which pays the tab members of congress of long live large off their campaign war chest a look at the federal election commission reports a speaker the house Pelosi shows her campaign funds pay for clothing cars dinners of fancy restaurants and manicures senate majority leader Harry Reid stays in fifteen hundred dollar night hotel suites unless his campaign fund foot the bill the fund also buys his cars and it doesn't take long for newcomers to learn the ways of the world freshman democratic senator gin web the so-called breath or fresh air who deliver the highly praised response to bushers td estate union dress set up a leadership pack as soon as he got to town leadership pack what or who is web leading such willingness to sell their soul should come as no surprise it became obvious as soon as democrats picked their leaders that this would be businesses usual read is a well-known of at a comment who uses the power of office to line his pockets with shady real estate deals and much the same way as former republicans fecredent heaster Pelosi branch he learned politics at her daddy's knee which is a dubious article when he considered that he was a bag man for the mafia a mob controlled mayor of Baltimore california political boss Jesse umrey used to say money is the mother's milk of politics it still is but the milk is gone sour from all the pimps and horrors from the most ethical congress in history sucking it on mama's teeth like that the council were worked up to the uh... going dug a certainly we couldn't you know probably that i would call back and say gee you know again but he won't even do that that a shame because he's out of material twice twice a morning in a handle from a twenty five he votes on a poll as the rack to a man he is the man turned right now you'll see you'll see a groundswell he i mean it's only February middle of every two thousand seven he's gonna leave hellery in the dust and he's not doing all that well with our crowd she's got about not even eleven percent Barack Obama three fifty four is got a thirty seven vote lead in the al Gore three fifty four three seventeen swore he's only got a hundred three one so the disease got almost three times as many as swivelry is got i just don't know you know if her last name wasn't clinton she wasn't built sentence wife right i mean granted so she's a senator from the europe but we do you know uh... and that's the only reason she got elected senator in the europe but anyway i mean if she wasn't built for his wife what anybody take her seriously for bringing health care uh... not for a united out of that was brilliant and her vote for the war with not she's trying every way to uh... you know manipulate verbally out of that deal she's just a full of crap is what she is and got a personality like a like a stone like a rock like a brick she's got a hundred thirty one votes though janitors one of us six i'm a republican eighty three six four seven percent the squad republican well were in bear will pray for you whoever seventy three bill Richardson fifty seven how i mean's got forty one joe biden thirty three and i hate this full only twenty eight a mere two point two percent of two two which for this crowd is staggering may low here's sand who says when you go to wood bind you play two machines sometimes or is it best to play one at a time also you've been on any horses while spitting the field no i don't have to horses it would be a minute uh... way back when i started going couple times have a little bit a little bit of success but i stayed downstairs with the machines mine anyway play two machines if you play two machines it wants you know what that does it makes you lose twice as fast oh i have absolutely i mean uh... right anyway says i hope and pray you have an outstanding wood bind ones they have a great balance and they thank you stand up prayed for you okay i'll pray to my grandfather ab Solomon you know he can pray to Abraham written play the south i pray to Solomon but what's much easier to pray to ab Solomon or musis all in my uh... my uncle who's been dead for many years the bookie figure out what the track might as well pray to aboki right right and speak about any cake i'm not for the mad dog of two the biggest name so best to have a to the basis new rockers for shwitio five sixty you a uh... you yeah yeah making and the chicken face They both pass you to come Wasting when you're getting good or how to live Searching for the false teeth they left in a glance And how they're betraying the desert Talk home to play, let them know It's their own damn fun And see you all The several demons and until the early August The person who just is not as I can And once they are seated They get overheat As dark stuff and roses we're loving that back We're in a way again and go to the house Looking for that long lost fog of view How did it say that it's a fall of truth? Oh, what for some? And how did it say that it's a fall of truth? Your folks don't know the reason But nothing is pleasing The muscles they can't just don't fit What does it matter? When they call up me and shadow I hate you to be your never listen to your stream But wait till I can't go out and do Just the thoughts of that I'm using that away Huh? How did it say that it's a fall of truth? That's true. Let me know. I can't wait for this show. And how did it say that it's a fall of truth? That's true. Let me know. They just can't wait for this show. Here that's what we're going to sound like A bird's chirping in the background But it's a fall of truth. Or they've recorded that. Frank Haxlucato in that crowd For back in the INC days But those are the days of the day And that was the precursor to this. You know, I've been speaking of that. Speaking of getting old and at 31st anniversary Coming up on the end of this town. Yeah. So I just get an email on my blackberry here And it's from my friend Dave. Remember I told you my friend from high school came Not Jim Park by the way. Oh, I don't think I want to see Jim Park now. Nicky or Chloe the right other way. But anyway, this is my friend Dave But who came up with this lady friend Jenny went last summer. And I took him to Ruth Chris and we had a great meal And a great time. We were going to just had a lot of laughs. And he sends me an email saying, I seem to be a call that you mentioned that Alan Block was a friend of yours in high school. I see from his mother's obituary. He's living in Florida. Hope all is well with you. See, this is what we hear. So sorry to hear that. I don't know if Alan is still listening. Alan actually called on the air a couple years ago. Maybe it's not a couple of years ago. Alan Block. I went to school with him. Good guy. Sorry Alan. He's a mother's name was Beatrice. Food block. Chick off the old block. So this is the kind of news you get when you get to be an old fart. I don't want to get anybody depressed like that. But the guy who called me for, I'm telling you right now. And this is the message. I gave it that do no harm thing for years. In fact, wasn't that what Jacob was given at business about do no harm? Remember that? Uh-huh. Yeah. He shouldn't do any harm to me. I'll tell you that. Damn you're putting me over the edge of my balcony. Nice going, Jacob. Do no harm. You idiot. You lunatic. You... I think he's vanished by the way. Which would be good. I hope he's out on that rock in the middle of the desert. Invades again. The rock squatter. Hmm. But that's the one thing. Do I. And the other thing is enjoy life. That's all I can tell you. Have a good time. Because that's as much as you're going to do. I mean, all this other stuff. I mean, if you're going to bat your bat your head against the wall. Oh, gee. What are we going to do about all these religious crazy people? And all these people kill me. So I said to what you're going to do about it. Nothing. That's what you're going to do about it. Now, that isn't to like, you know, say, don't be an activist. Don't get involved politically or stuff like that. I'm not discouraging him. I respect people. You know, one or a waste. I mean, one or a would give their time. You know what I'm saying? Yes, I do. Bat and you head up against the wall. Just like the article by Doug Thompson. I just read it. Right on target man. They're all there. Not because they're a bunch of wonderful, uh, humanists and wonderful, uh, giving people... They're there because they're mostly a bunch of clerks. Right. They're because they got their hand in the cookie jar, baby. And there's squeeze and you grab it and every dancing they can. That's what it's all about. 1237 votes on the full boy. Yeah, Chris, what a really heaved on this. Would you keep on it? I shouldn't have just said, I want to get that one guy very upset. Because if I do one more, he'll get really peeled. QAM, hello. QAM. Yeah. Yeah. Call it. Oh, the bridges and river. Yeah. Oh, boy. I'm having a wee laughs. Only a South Florida man. I'm telling him. Anybody visiting, you know, any of your snowbirds on Valentine's Day, I apologize for the... Not for the show or anything I'm doing. Apologize for the people of South Florida. You know, about 80% wouldn't look like that, Dota Birds. There's some nice people down there. But the Lund Dota Birds. QAM. I think I'd time this out. Right to the edge today. Maybe I'll be able to squeak through this last straight. Maybe not. Jonathan Landay from a Clancy News paper is joined chiefs German sees no evidence of meddling by Iran's regime. This is an important story. I mean, not as important as that. And the cold body is rotting and stuff like that. I don't think I'm not going to be able to get through the whole thing. I'll do it a little bit. I can't. I don't even know if I've got time. Do I have time? Refast. Oh. Not sad. Wait a day. I did a Wess milk to a charred Iran's government with shipping and a powerful explosive devices to achieve Muslim fighters and Iraq to use against American troops. They chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said Monday that he hasn't seen any intelligence to support the claim. Marine General Peter Paces comic could make it harder for the Bush administration. It's credibility about Iran questioned because of its false pre-work claims about Saddam Hussein to make its case that Iranian meddling in Iraq is fueling sectarian violence and causing US casualties. At a briefing Sunday in Baghdad, US military officials said the Al-Quds and a lead Iranian parliamentary organization is sending arms into Iraq to include bombs that shoot molten metal jets to the arm of American tanks and humbese. They said these explicitly formed projectiles or EFPs have killed 170 US troops and wounded more than 600 others and are coming from the highest level of the Iranian government. Asked about the briefing during a visit Monday to Canberra, Australia, pay said he couldn't substantiate the search net the clerical regime in Iran, it should be such devices to achieve it militias in Iraq. We know that the explicitly formed projectiles are manufactured in Iran. Well, I would not say that the Iranian government per se knows about this face reply. It's clear that Iranians are involved and it's clear that materials from Iran are involved. But I would not say based on what I know that the Iranian government clearly knows or is complicit, he be saying. Neither the White House nor the Pentagon responded to quite request for an explanation of the apparent contradiction between the nation's highest ranking military officer and its subordinates in Baghdad. A senior US intelligence official for Macphancy newspapers that US intelligence agencies blade the al-Quds force a component of the Iranian revolutionary guards core couldn't conduct such a major undertaking with authentic knowledge of top leaders. Based on our understanding of the Iranian system and the history of the Iranian revolutionary guard co-operations, the intelligence community assesses that activity this extensive on the front of the Quds force would not be conducted without approval from top leaders in Iran. The senior intelligence official said, request it anonymity by the way because he values his life. Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, who I love saying is named the 9 Monday, that Iran is supplying weapons to share militias in Iraq or stirring up violence by majority of the Shiites against minority Sunnis, containing the US military presence is the blame for the bloodshed. The bloodshed, baby, ah, that article I read about the impeachment point. I was outstanding. Remember that 100 years ago today? Yeah. The 8 million reasons why Bush ought to be impeached now, and all of his cohorts, his partners in crime, 1242 votes on the pull by the way, and he's not too bad. The biggest name, so best talent to be this is the real Roger's Sports Radio 560, you A-M. It's day-o! You might have been tall, at 560, W-U-A-L. You and I went to the bar, we drank some whiskey from the jar, we got drunk all over town, then I asked you to go down, you go dead, like a master of a son there, was disaster, the food share went down easy, now you say in your coesie, it felt good, but then it sunk, because you were drunk, you spilled your guts, you can only not, there's drunk in horror's really whack, I look down to see her left neck, and come right back, peeing on my sack, I thought I could get a decent homer, but dinner on my boner is a boner. I think it was good of a thing, man, I don't know where that came from, we're more came from, that bit, when we were came from, it came from the DCS, where it's always been, I see, and the best part of it is I go any other room in the tea room to do a little leaky, and I come back and I'm listening to this, but I thought we'd play that all the time, I don't know. I don't know anymore, we had it long the way, so I'm sure we all dumped it, didn't we? Oh yeah, well, no, I did, okay, no, trust me we did, anyway, here's the final poll result, man, woo, exactly, that was not good, I know he had played it, but I guess that was back before all of us, as a racer, I came up, 1246 votes, and of course, they're only really well, there are three of contender were four, Barack Obama, who wish them are credited like to see nominated in 2008, Barack Obama, 361, Al Gore, 323, 38 vote lead for Barack, he's the man, Hillary 132 and John Edwards, one away, I'll tell you between Hillary and John Edwards, they've got the personality of a dead frog, in fact, even an end of the call at this stage, rotting and decomposing, has got 10 times their personality combined, just who it's? I'm not a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single one, I'm a single