Friday you wear still I mean you 145 more you have basketball more punishment Ladies and gentlemen, who do you have to leave? Alright? Yes you are a dozen trends of women too Straight to the studios A few kids You listen to the new I O T Freshers, a day and time all better You say they're always by the way And then they are from all me The sports is all you know Ooh So we say cold party and sunny Girls and gackers, gackers, gackers They are all by now No one gets a crap about any of that It's a count every Nobody Maybe that's all they're got It's a count every It's a count every Everybody is safe It's true that you're not Aight it out You ain't making such a wonderful But they need to have a seat better But all you better see on the street Yonder their word They say colds or less sports or lower their mind It's always thankful for your attorney Girls and gackers, gackers, gackers, gackers They are all by now No one ever listen to that other trend It's a count every It's a play, it's a play And we call it a play One other play See on CNN, Pomp and O Beach You told us that this person was able to get some A tricky ticket he says There's a jury in the place Policeman, they're both out there We're a play shooting in Pomp and O Beach The show is about this case It's the Florida builders of appliances It's right there on Atlantic Boulevard In Comfort of Beach For those of you familiar with this area Here in South Florida And the reports indicate from the police It's a man walked in And then just open fire One, two, three, four The police has been shot And we just spoke with some fire rescue officials They're on the scene And they're telling us that she is not doing well at all Almost hinting that this is a pretty penting We've been conditioned that she's there We're going to talk about the court The suspect then took off The suspect then took off The suspect then took off The court police got there So they immediately put out a bullet There's Rick Satchez On CNN, blah blah blah Doing his usual hyperventilating thing Somebody shooting it On Lank, where he say I wasn't paying much attention So, the suspect in the workplace Shooting in Pomp and O Beach No less crazy people with guns baby The American, if and away, don't ever forget The ticket he says That's not a very good start for my day Here in his voice, you know But nevertheless What a treat It is a great day It's a fantastic day 145 hurricane warm up And you know what I want to tell you Here's the guy who's stopped You know, I did come in here To do a little stuff, a little work And I turned out about 30 seconds But turned man On his broadcast yesterday The Kings basketball game Which they won, big upset How about that? That's why they're playing again today And he's just... Scary, he really is scary It was just one of those I don't know, I can't even emulate the building Why don't you go? Why don't you go? Yoning just now? Yes, I was yawning And you want to know why? Just a guy who's stopped, okay? My name is very important stuff It's the Kings and BC Oh boy, Boston College in the Atlantic How can it be Boston College? They're in the ACC They moved on the ACC out That's why they used to be in the big Easter Some crap like that, that much of growl rattle And Tampa, no less What the are they doing playing in Tampa? Are they any ACC teams in Tampa right where in your Tampa? No But never less So we got her Kings basketball, 145 You don't have to get all truly about it It's only 15 minutes, so we get, you know A little reprieve 15 minutes Not big deal Nope, not there I got an email from Clarice about it last night He said, oh yeah, we need to list Clarice And more Neil on there I said, that's for damn sure you're quizzing You civiled and clear and you're fair That's what I was thinking But at any rate, and I guess he made sure Because I got an email from you The Clarice told you And like this was a major developing The fact that we're getting off a 145 instead of two o'clock What's the big sentence with an email from you The Clarice told you And like this was a major developing The fact that we're getting off a 145 instead of two o'clock What's the big sentence with that? What's the big deal with that? You know, it's a whole day It goes, what? We've got to adjust our whole day Yeah, I'm telling you, it's a level of five now I'm on Daylight's time already I like to be, it's called the Neil Rogers Head Start program I want to get a head start on Daylight's time When you go to bed tomorrow night And I was very confusing to some very dumb people Okay, the lowest of us with an IQ larger than our thumbnails It's not all at the difficult It's very simple But for some it's more difficult When you go to bed tomorrow night Saturday Tomorrow Saturday, the last time I checked I got to do it Turn all the class You're watched, you're clocks, you're bedroom clock You're living room clock all at least Turn it ahead one hour So if you go to bed at 11 o'clock it'll be midnight Wow And you don't have to stay up This is the truth I know it's really stupid It's funny because it's true But because of the fact that officially You set the clock at a two o'clock in the morning Sunday morning Saturday night Sunday morning There are people who will either stay up Or set the alarm And wake up at two o'clock And then set it at it It's the time police are watching you Oh, we don't want to set it ahead until it's official until it's kosher They say In the negative desert, they say it's kosher Kosher for poor and firm is all over I can get any homintoshness probably just as well Get up How do we do on it? I don't know this poll yesterday It was 1418 votes It was okay I should probably shouldn't send that Because whoever sent it will probably not send us another one Oh, it was great like I said it was my favorite poll ball time, at least for our yesterday What do you miss most about your youth? What about the people off their property in their youth? What about them? Are they like a chop liver or something? What about them? I guess they may be laid out on this one Maybe they were the ones that voted for a hate to spoil It could be Sex with young people my own age 266 See how I can't relate to that Because I was in the closet till I was 30 I'm a funny, funny of desires there When I was that age but just can't turn the clock back You can turn it head one hour for daylight time And if you know I turn it back when we go back to a standard time And the reason it's important a big deal about reminding mother daylight time is because this is the first year They had the new deal you know Right And this new deal is got, oh there's Rick Sanchez on camera But that's enough to make me start getting Oh boy I'm putting it back on the Spanish soaps The clear way So daylight time used to be an April I think like the second Sunday I remember what Del was with the last Sunday It was much about a month later So they moved it up this year Which is a good idea because from my money we should be on daylight time all the year I don't like when it gets dark early It's depressing It's to be like according to five and you look outside and it's pitch black It's like 11 o'clock at night And you think what that? What that be? And you were wondering you missed most about your youth Sex with young people in my own age 266 Being irresponsible had no real consequences to 137 Well I never was irresponsible I want to live my youth all over again I want to have another chance Can I have it? Oh, please My body to await Yeah this body is not this body I cut in it, you know Pudge Or when you go out Or when you go out When you start that exercise regimen you would come That's right when Sean gets me going on my exercise regimen So you never got that email No, Chris No Really See a little bit Let me just interrupt the reading of this My will I mean reading of my full See people do stuff On that my space and a lot of these other sites And in the beginning You know how suspicious I am after the jaco Been a half Yeah Ethan and all that Cause there's some crazy people out there Not to mention any names Crazy people of a desire You know that you bet mess with my life And so Chris if you're early beginning I was like a little real Cause when the guy put you now I'm sure you saw the picture right? I did When the guy puts a picture of himself on there Like basically naked from the waist up And trying to like show off his pecs And schmack and whatever else he's got That always makes me a little suspicious anyway Cause most people don't do that But I saw in the beginning It was like oh well you don't believe me I'll just go away to superior I'm a big fan of above And we had like a couple of days of that back and forth And no, not a problem I'll give you the benefit of that We'll see if you're like a real person Looking at breathing He sent me a last name And all of that was you know Doesn't prove anything But and so we've been having this much communication Just for the hell of you know just for fun And then yesterday he comes up with this thing Where he's going to send his a lot of his lady friends From software and there with food for you guys And we just dying to get in touch with George and Chris And so I said well and the thing would you remember The end of the show Right George, his thing is right there on our front The main pay What your mind's pay is He's top friend or the second one And there you go And you never got nothing Are you sure that you check in there or you just make an ass Look at that right now Look at my inbox Look at that it was That's unfortunate I have And you got nothing That's what's up Come on Chris, let's say you know It's put up for a show I've time and he writes to me You have to know what was it Take to get on your top friends list Yeah, what would take would be emailing George And telling him like either there is some The hot young lady is going to bring in lunch Just for the hell of it or It's just all a power crap Something Something would be good Chris Anyway, we only use the 10024 I remember when there was a few I'm using like in the 50s and 60s and 70s In fact You know something because we got the ball The basketball game coming up And it is Friday right And the Mars would buy in Saturdays Yeah, I'm going to tell you something And I know you're not going to believe this But if that plays continues Stealing my money the way they've been doing lately I mean they're just nobody wouldn't Nothing around you It's one thing if everybody else didn't Jack pots and you're just getting Bad luck on through a bad street And you're getting bad machines mine That's one thing But when they're just back in this highway Robby thing I may give it up like for a you know a deer There's nothing like having a short fat fan You know who that describes the beast? He's got a short fat And then Chris is always worried Where he was and What is he? I don't know whatever he's I don't see George for real I got a girl named Bonin' Roll Oh, right Anyway I just I just chewed that stuff I'll just put it all the way Again back to the pool What do you miss most about your youth Real music on your 24 Like like like like Like that Being single 92 My here 91 American Americans were mostly liked all over the world 70 All remember those days VW before W VB before bush My stamina 62 Being ignorant as an ignorant as his bliss Being kind of oblivious you know just being interested in Selfish things like You know satisfying my own lust Sounds good to me even in my advanced age 62 I hate this pool 59 only 4.1% That's not too bad because it's not a very good pool to be honest with you I think it sucks Being in school actually learning something 40 Real radio 40 Oh, I miss you know something one of these days I'm gonna go back into radio Before I croak you know And this is one of the few goals I have in life is to go back into radio because I'm sure I didn't know I'll tell you that Segregation 36 That's an ugly why did we even love that to be on it? I didn't make this pool What the whoever said it didn't hit on it 36 people miss a radiation you racist Oh, so anyway the guy with a nothing got with a swastag of what the guy bullied by the confederate flag They rebel flag Oh, it's just bugging me. Oh, come on Why don't you put up here and so I made him a friend under this moron We got 259 by the way What the whole one will be more geaser wrestler guy? I don't know Whatever Nothing wrong with a rebel flag and what's wrong with you and come on put up our shout-out time mail And so I said you okay, then what do I get? Fly out of the Twitter loser flag. That's your business. So I give a crap 259 so the next one the next friend we get on my space like me getting in the show It will be 1260 and most Chris of course so disappears come on Chris what's the story with their judges I see I don't understand why those things happen. I'm maybe he just forgot to think so I think he's waiting to make the arrangements before he writes See that's the little more patient than that. I have no patience The cold war at least we knew the enemy was 19 and real newspapers 12 Of course in software we never we had the lightning news Remember I had to catch the hardest races with my new zombie years ago In fact one night I picked eight winners on the card. Well, I was pretty good in there. Of course You know one of those things Never had a real newspaper in South Florida How about the Hollywood sun tablet and there was a paper Oh There was a paper 1013 at 560 WQM would guys hurricanes warm up 145 canes and BC the ACC attorney in Tampa at the tour clock Followed by the Hank old bird show opening tip with them though cool's a cafe iguana at seven And then you got the 730 to 11 at a any can't cafe iguana So, okay, I think any cave and he got to push down he's I'm more now I think than he was before at least while people are still awake which is good Stench of palmador Huffers over this performance by the dolphin I'm gone I just left rehab again You can't make me say though I have a problem I'm crazy you think I drink too much I thought he'll lie until I throw up Now I'm so bored and my hair Lost myself of reality I'm crazy crazy just let me have again I don't need their help My name's not no hand I'm crazy crazy you think I have problems more than just being done It's crazy crazy crazy you think I have problems more than just being done It's crazy crazy crazy It's crazy crazy crazy crazy Nobody cares no more Especially when it's shaved head man She looks really gruesome Not a good head on her Anyway, let's take a look at the pool All the first Billy sense interesting fact He says what I'm most about my youth is being able to pee and poop in my diapers Since I guess I'll have to wait till I'm your race So then again you're right Billy at least part of that anyway And then see departed Actually my bodily functions to just sensational for those who are keeping track Everything is A okay and every respect my brain is like functioning very well last couple of days Everything is just as fine as GIY And what's that pool today? If America really does go bankrupt in the year 2030 20 But 30 man And then there's all these choices on there What do we got 8706? No sweat on the 1000th day Chris by the way can breathe easy Okay, just take a deep breath Well do what now? What do we do? We're going to do that little Richard drop And we got that ready got that cranked up Wait a minute Yeah Wow look out Now see I've fed that to you and I don't hear that myself I got the whole spot but I don't have that I got all in these basic because if we all got a customer Not a paid celebrity so to help tell her story We hired a celebrity Chris thanks giving night when I accidentally hit a deer Wow look out The cop guy though expecting me going to recording but someone was there to help me How are we so bad? Guy could've got my claim in the works right away And I was actually watching joy my Thanksgiving I'm just back there for the right way It's after this all over the world Guy, excellent guy co-yeah Okay, let's take a look at this poll If America really does go bankrupt in the year 2030 I'll tell my grandkids it was all Wsfall 177 I'll probably be dead by then That was my vote 174 Well 2030 is 23 years ago So let's see 23 and 64 I'd be 87 I don't know What do you think? But diapers? Oh definitely have diapers Now which one of my good friends out there is going to be pushing my chair around at that time You see that they'll find out who my real postwriter who's going to be pushing me around empty my bag Doing all those very sanitary Oh boy, I will see when you need someone to change your diapers That's when you're going to find out who your real friends are Oh well, like I said, I'll probably be dead by then 174 I'm out of here Hello Canada says 150 Kind of like foster hewit Hello Canada and hockey fan sitting at its states And a special hello to all you a Canadian serviceman over seed That's what foster would say he's going over his grave because the leaf suck And lost out of a five one last night Path is run against a terrible full of love You're team is sweet done by nobody cares Uh Hello Canada 115 I was still I got my jacket then I mentioned at this morning I got my jacket finally after all these days I said it to pony must have been really slow It took a week and a half But it did show up here John my jacket here Halleluja You know he made it I don't know how he did it It's a leather jacket you know I thought we love the ride guess but whatever it is Looks like it And The box while I'm downstairs when they called me you know from the concierge And said there's a package here for and I assume that's what it was And it was like a little square box The size like you put I don't know like you're fisting You know I mean like I don't know and I thought to myself man I think must have ruled up like into a little box You're not if it did my jacket is washed it He's squashed it I still want my social security chest damn it 166 I better start learning Chinese now 77 or turning Japanese Nehal I hate this pool 57 66.4% I was wrong with this pool It's okay. It's one of Charlie these 8000 pools Just disconnected from my Cube 47 Lane president Jenna Bush 29 That's cute. That's very cute Guess I'll have to move into a cardboard box 24 All I got a small one in the kitchen and I took my jacket on him You can move in there I ain't paying any more taxes to Uncle Sam 22 How am I gonna afford my nursing home 16 on that's good? How can I afford to have an extended to empty the bag? Algarve will have made a documentary about it by then 15 We'll still be able to use my credit cards 15 I'm moving to an underground bunker nine and I'll split my wrists None. Well, that's good Thank the Lord for that we don't have any people going to slip their wrists If the US goes bankrupt so I'm they got a couple of bucks none zero out of 800 and I better find Refresh your we're getting close to 900 Chris. I was you know 88 that's great I always toss that crap to Chris about how many yeah, is if you really cared you really You sure know you know it makes my day better you couldn't hear that why not to give us an honest answer You don't care what do we get a thousand votes five votes 50 million votes. What is it got to do with all you know is that you look on guess what else happened yesterday Yesterday was a what's that word they always use we want a water shed out of water that would be a good one water shed That's no that means that's what those I Don't know water shed name it was my brain like all the sudden snap right in a place. They started I can see clearly now He got that by Johnny Nash. I can show it early now and the check show a paycheck a day You're a fairly Thanks Joe. That's my buddy. Jolly Joe. He knows that all I care about listen Joe don't pay any attention Norma can listen to nothing that she says hey Norma do fairly because all I care about is the check show off Not just on time, but they're too early, you know And recently to show up a day or two always kill my bank sucks There you go Johnny Nash my bank sucks and so as a result I have to deposit one check that they paid me and then leave it in there Hold it for a couple days and write my check to my so-called all this crap, but you know what this well worth away It's well worth the wait 26 past ten at five sixty WQA and man 145 were bailing on your folks. We got you and basketball with clearance and the beast and There's a guy to two Aren't you excited about that now? I'm being happy if it was 130 yesterday. I worked out just fine is wine I think one 30 good at it's good 12 things it to huh And clearance just get really clever there. Oh, and you know an hour from now we got the trends coming in. Well, I think we got this look today easy I'm gonna get my tongue all warmed up. We got it looked Because you know what what we can spend just forever on the trends You know we can read every decimal point every number if that's what we get to the numbers for across the street There probably be a lot of oh And then also like a 50 with that big man cow He's got like oh point one or something and Below Bill O'Reilly with his radio showing the markets that oh oh, you know Just like Norma can't did say it's one piece anything Steve Lack of touches turns to instant process He's got the minus touching reverse it turns instant process. That's it amazing It's Friday you best Good morning Americans it's Paul Harfe's stand by for news a wealthy couple had planned to go out for the evening the woman of the house decided to give their buffer Jeans the rest of the night off. She said they would be home very late and that he should just enjoy his evening As it turned out however the wife was not having a good time at the party So she came home early alone or husband had to stay behind as several of his important clients were attending As the woman walked into her house she saw Jeave sitting by himself in the dining room She called for him to follow her and let him into the master bedroom She looked at him and smiled. She said take off my dress He did so carefully Jeave she continued take off my stockings and garter Jeave so bad Jeave she said remove my bra and panties and he did this The tension continued to mount she then said jeaves if I ever catch you wearing my clothes again your fired Paul Harfe good day Good day here's the fact that says hey me I want to be a real friend. I'll change your diapers as long as I'm in your will prior proof required for a significant amount I was speaking of which I checked your boyfriend Chris on here and he's maybe he's sleeping in later Maybe he's got a class this morning or maybe he is I don't know maybe he's hanging down and said like Tom do we maybe somebody beat him up in an alley somewhere He's not on there. I mean he's excited There's but he just is not the Not with us Are you not getting skeptical are you? They no I think the bottom line is you could cure less than you I mean you'd like to have some hot young or took Commenerson my weight you go whatever she is and serve you guys some really fantastic child whatever, but I don't know Cuz I look at some of these deals with real with four eyebrows ready After some of my experiences you know I mean Huh well, I mean there are real people who like you know give you a name and a phone number and like actually meet you in the face-to-face Where I like real friends and then there are people who are like fantin who like give you a big son of dance and then if you like ask them well You are you like that's the thing that really cracks me up When somebody says oh you you're doubting that I'm for real. Well, gee. You're so skip to that's the person be very Where it's highly unlikely that they're for real. Oh the person sending the four page facts again About why need stop Man-soo's pacer says that's got hurt him permanently Yeah, who cares? Who gives a crap okay whoever is wasting our facts people with that kind of shrine or I you better cut their crap, okay? better stop it right now This story is just so typical the Reverend Francis weanen was outraged in the fall of 2003 facing two parish audits by the dicey's of Palm Beach one of St. Patrick in Palm Beach Gardens is ever St. Vincent Ferrar and Del Ray Beach He professed this boy to his bishop that his integrity would be questioned He wrote to his bishop that priests pledged to live if that life of poverty one of modesty We weren't by serving the faithful lie and by altering boys But dicey's policy calls for a parish oughta whenever there's a change in pastors and green on had just left St. Patrick St. Patties after 16 years to take over St. Vincent from his close friend the Reverend John Scheehan was retiring after 40 years dicey saw thaters were eager to crack open the books They wound a crack it open in the books too Then and called on Bishop Jurard Barbara Rido knew to his post to abolish the dicey's audit policy My reasons for this request are as follows. It's the meaning in bursting at him millulating he said It accomplishes nothing that couldn't be accomplished in more dignified fashion when I wrote to Barbara you know not to over 2003 Barbara Rido that sounds like a name from the godfather something done about I have The reason important with time and world I don't want it disturbed Can you give you a loyal into a Jew before you on blood? Come on, like you know my father did business with time and were art he was spectating You thought of the business of diamond roof You saw them expect time across Messing at boy Johnny all up my reasons for their question as follows. He wrote it's the meaning embarrassing and humiliating it accomplishes nothing that couldn't be accomplished in more dignified fashion You wrote to Barbara Rido not to over 2003 the money spent on audit is a waste and should be spent will wisely be writing He wrote that the sacrifice to the commitment of priest or without parallel they devote their lives to the church and with little thought for personal gain Their generous charitable uncompassionate. They've earned it as their trust at least until prove another wise went on wrote May I be so cruel to his dance you to call off the dogs he wrote call off the dogs Remember that scene in Oh, it's a That was my computer. I was not remember to see them in the old man Yeah, we're the photographer and Gregory Peck and they're like going into the graveyard there and there's wild dogs And there was a lot of dog stuff and I will be to remember the crazy evil Made right well the dog was the murderer at crawl and that's right But Barbara it was not persuaded independent all the same visit eventually uncovered and led 8.6 million about our fifth going back decades 8 points just million dollar theft going back decades You following this you suckers again. You're cash Huh Oh, that's my that's my religion allergy but I'll pour biscom my son We non-slotter the bishop was among hundreds of documents released yesterday by Palmits County Prosecutor is offering more details in these secret lives of the two priests who are accused of spending Lambertsly on themselves and their girlfriends now. There's a real twist ain't it huh? Father Spending Lambertsly on themselves and their girlfriends ski hands 79 and Queen 1964 rest of the last fallen charges a grand theft over 100 grand a first degree felony punishable by up to 30 There's imprison both Irish born priestly and not guilty on a free on bail When he was arrested after returning from Ireland ski handed been to investigators he established slosh funds Thank you cast ever kept out same Vincent books one of the such funds was done holy name Oh, wow the cash was skimmed weekly from the collection plates at same Vincent you thought low green was skimming off the top. How Mike Money that bookkeepers helped ski in and green on high to corner the court records those bookkeepers were given immunity for the cooperation When it became clear auditors were going to pour through the books the financial documents were shredded and it Skid and told investigators that he felt anything that he took he had coming to him as the dice. He's was cheap and ever pay And never pay for his education a double-ray beach police detective wrote in the report released yesterday Skid gave us a opinion that he had never been properly paid by the dice. He was running a big business and getting nothing for it Well, he is running a big business. That's for danger a big tax exam business to us should add real hastily a tax exam scam The other late priest told investigators it was a mountain of money. He had this appropriate but said he didn't recall I wore all the money wet Maybe hookers stuff like that maybe it's a track Hmm, because you know, maybe a few trips to wood by a fool. Express surprise the figure was so high He said he had no regrets about giving an authorized payments and bonuses to church employees He also told investigators he stands some of the cash in bank accounts in Ireland other as brothers name. It was between the brothers But he would tell the no more about that according to records We didn't get it off the biggest and the Bahamas with the woman witnesses told investigators was his girlfriend ski and bought himself a $300,000 gold coin collection He was saying oh God that's good. All those religious man. Oh God. That's good Both men collected real estate and upscale homes They created the complex maze for accounts to sort out including motherland bank and stock investment accounts So we have secret from the dice A spokeswoman for the dice. He said she would not come out of the documents because the criminal case is pending a book Keep ready to be by investigators portrayed an atmosphere of paranoia that she sighs normal in the same Vincent orifices Many was hidden in ceiling tiles and employees searched the room for priesthood They thought that I see said planted as a spy books were falsified to cover up the missing money There was a limo trip as Joe Stone crab raced on the beach with green and and ski and in their close church employees and espouses They continued to be out again another bar Right well the Irish you know ski and I bought a bedroom closet that was padlock with documents I'm sorry didn't buy it ski and had a big room closet that was padlock with documents Legely dealing with past pedophiles women the church court of the records. It was maybe some black males stuff He didn't money, but ever be able to get in their one church employees and aha, well, they do wear that black flock like Like what fire talk. Look where did you say fire talk when the criminal investigation got underway ski and told the employee to give his apartment keys to relatively draw floats and documents from his home At St. Vincent what a Palm Beach cut. He's largest noils as perches ski and was well like even revered by the person who And did not enjoy the same reputation it was never there one church employees were most leaders He would even care about him and see see this gone most of the time probably in Bahá'á's plunge in his brains out and have a movie with a girlfriend And what are you to do? And spread around a good spread around the world's good cash, you know, that's the way it works Good works girl works a long long to it You got to go out and screw around a lot. Well, at least they were with women anyway That's a real a real move up for the church How many votes we got on the pool? We're getting close to a thousand already 9.27 holy moly rat man I think we can get out of here. Let's push it ahead to like Newfoundland time And then we'll add the daylight time out of that so that's two and a half hours in it so that would be there would be like Well, one o'clock two a car. All right. Oh, it's already done But you realize that's it's 1040 so in that now we got a long way to go It'll long way to go Three hours in five minutes Okay, deal is that what kind of a deal is getting off a 145 that's like a tease that's like saying oh you got another one It was stupid basketball games today, but you're only getting a 15 minute reprieve because of a new wall Wednesday Guess what Mr. Smarty pants clearance Schmendrick we get off at 1250 because we get another stupid marons exhibitionist game on Wednesday How do you like them apples so I can get to wood mine extra early so I could lose my ass big time Just like I did that I bought that's just not good. You know what it's only money That's why Friday you best it's The Lutheran By the way, your buddy's still ain't on him. Maybe sleep in the way maybe he's chasing it all the time I'm sorry a lot more Maybe track it or down They say the weapons Master structure I A couple mega sons All right you Go Made him apple I Big time Give his world a world right dumps So it's time Oh Out Oh Till there's nothing left to see, I'll be around Till seven, six feet, I'll be around Blow up the pre-I'll be around And then say it's not so dark Now the closer the birds and the animals come up on skies If we land for fear, we won't be wet Because sun and the stars won't be dry All year up, I'm bringing to an end, all year up And blowing up again, I'll be around I'm almost seeing it, I'll be around I'll be around I'll trust this building, oh, I'll be around From here to here, I'll be around That's what it's all about, baby, let's say the world Let's make it a safer place, let's go and send our troops over there And let's kill some people, that's it A lot of them, 10.48 of QM, come on this before 11 o'clock We got Keynes, Basketball at 145 Woo, heavy duty, but then again, 15 minutes big deal Another story is somebody thanks to Zinn by Juan Carl's Eorka From the Associated Press, Eorka's, and how you would say that I'm sure you would, I'll be around Whatever you said, you don't care about any of the stuff You know anything in this venue, you're like anti-Semitic, Cuban anti-human And then you're picking on four Christopher there because you know You're not somebody, can't wait to read, it's only make believe Yeah, I think that fits in with love with websites They're quite old, they make believe, so many of those people are there Like, there's some real people, some great people are there, some wonderful folks And then there's some people like, and then there's some you just don't know You can't figure it out, well, come see Komsa Guatemala City, it's been a priest How we get on this priest kick for the assure and joy I love it, you got any more stories about the proud Mustang Cooking of leaving a whole increase, sent him along I'll make sure he's dead, good, hated the spend Why? Because he's not my oldest, because he sucked And I had to play a lot of his country music, all the time He's got a cowboy, 20 yen, nobody said, went grab the ugly hair He was just pretty ugly, I'll say that I'm trying to get him the same country music, so I think that kind of speaks to it stuff What a great, that was so beautiful man, right over the bridge Was that a bridge over trouble, water's or what? You want to hear that? That's all, I haven't heard that in a long, long, long, long, long Anyway, my increase will purify a sacred archaeological site To eliminate bad spirits after present and push visits And officially, would close ties to the group city yesterday That a person like Bush, with a persecution of our migrant brothers in the US With the worstiest provoked as we're to walk in our sacred lands Is an offense for the mian people of their culture, one, tini They direct your oath at tiny, mian, tini, poor tini Come on tini, they direct their vayn, my and angerment organization Would close ties to mian religious and political leaders city yesterday Bush's 78 tour of Latin American foods is stopover The leading late Sunday in Guatemala, Guatemala, can't say Guatemala, it's going to be a Guatemala Right, Nicaragua, Guatemala, on Monday morning, you schedule a visit The archaeological site, now I have no idea, maybe you can help me with this LXI, MCH, L-CM-Shay, I'm reading the facts here trying to find out Yeah, that's one of those, you know, mian Indian words, take your best guess That's why I said, I'll see you on the high-western outfit, I thought that was an excellent Fick by mian, sure that's not how you're saying it, but what else even say? On the high-western plateau, and region, the central American country Populate mostly by Mayans Tini said the spirit guides and poor tini, come on tini, let's hop into my quave Okay, one last time Tini said the spirit guides are the mian community, the set of would be necessary to cleanse These sacred set of bad spirits, so what was so wrong with bringing the dog to work that day Like this, and you're such a jackass man, have another drink, mian God, I hope happy say patties day to you, my coffee is staggered a work, you jackass That dog, the dog was the size of your fish, you remember how small a tini was? That's why we call it tini And we just just don't know why, just for fun, you know, it was just a fun different thing to do And he's running around, everybody's like making a big fuss, that's all, something different There have to be like such a stuffed shirt, Disney, oh my god, what's he doing with a dog here in the studio And of course, and especially in that building, you know, we talked about the vents and how much shmuch was in there for a hundred years, you know, and how there were two cheap to clean it out That building was like a toilet, all of a compared to the QM building was like pristine and clean Anyway, Tini said the spirit guides are the mian community, so it would be necessary to cleanse the sacred set of bad spirits After bushes visit, so their ancestors could rest in peace He also said the right switch until champion and burning incess herbs and candles We'd prepare the site for the third sum of land American Indians March 20, 6 through 30 Bush's trip is already sparked protests elsewhere in the land of America, and feeling protesting fashes with the police and Brazil hours before his arrival In Bogotá Colombia, which Bush will visit on Sunday, 200 mass students battle 300 riot police with rocks and small homemade explosives The two resumed challenging a widespread perception that the US has neglected the region and a combatting the rising influence of the way of the leftist president Evo Chavez Who's called Bush's history is great. He's called Bush history's greatest killer and the devil and I would say he's That's so really correct Eximcerated in 3 miles west But third man the capital of Guatemala City was founded at the capital of all of the Cockat, cuckabone kingdom, how do you say that? Cockat, a careful kill is added on cuckabone for the Spanish conquest in 1524 Whoever said this in must have been a Camorín dogcom No, there's a couple of words in there. I couldn't say he's just had done in my ear or back dumb wherever If you brought a felony orifice 1952 boats on our wardening pole that is not bad, Chris is really excited because now you know the pressure is off Actually, I'm really excited because I have a working best top in here He just got a computer like a station You on-board it? No, no, the station And it can talk to all the other computers in this place You actually have a working desktop in there in that horseball studio in there New monitor Yep, wow And I think like Joey Zaza they're trying to send us a message That's right, just like that a city in message And I think Tim is going to be able to connect Georgia's computer so that we can actually Sten stuff back and forth Well won't that be special? I mean you're at least about 8 to 12 feet apart like that Really special I thought that's to be disconnected It doesn't matter So you're a big asshole I'm obsessed man, you know me I'm obsessed with Frankie Paintains, but I can't get him out of my mind W2AM, hello Let's see how I Out That's it Fine, I've lost that maybe a little bit more So it's been to be letting computer doesn't work now either so Really? I thought it was a secret story But here's why I know that's what it always is I would say 99 out of 100 times that's what it is I'm on that Like he holds up a big bullet It's me, it's me prosa prosa, please I like that Mmm It's the south photo It's the water and we order Just take this whole phone mechanism I can throw it on my patio And then just kind of kick it over the top Is I followed it over the edge W2AM, hello Yeah sir Oh my god, it happens every time I call you I'm thinking of something funny and then when you answer the phone I completely forget what I was going to say Well you're not the one that's supposed to be the one that's funny I'm not sure I'm the audience Well anyway, I want to think quick I really think that just a pop it out here because of your voice I have a very nice voice Yeah, okay Okay, I'll be over in a couple hours Which reminds me, so talking about our friends on my space Bobby Who are you all? He seems like an okay guy And I've sent back and forth a few emails He's like, you know, group E, listener, whatever And so yesterday I guess he was an emod, he must have been bored of death And he sent me a message And then he asked me for the phone number The call in number, you know I told him 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 And later on the day I get an email from him saying Oh, I called it made a funny noise on the air Oh, it's great Yeah You know Bobby, I thought I thought that you were my friend Bobby I thought you were like in a moral supporter But Bobby's just another, but I don't look like that And another group of, nothing wrong with being a group of hours And find group walls, but Bobby is just, he just don't get it Maybe he does get it I guess that's his concept I guess there's a lot of concept That's their concept, except the show Call up the needle See if you'll pick the phone up and then make a funny noise And then write to him and brag about Tell me on your show What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? No Oh, hey, how did you do that? When you believe that you're having a group for a big team We are having a sailor, cabo We are a big team, we are part of our many flavors And the freighter is not teach about our team We are a GG, a G, A, A We are a G, A, A We are a G, A We are a G, A We are a G, A, A We are a G, A We are a G, A, A We are a G, A We are a G, A, A We are a G, A, A We are a G, A We are a G, A We are a G, A We are a G, A We are a G, A We are a G, A We are a G, A We are a G, A We are a G, A We are a G, A We are a G, A We are a G, A We are a G, A We are a G, A We are a G, A We are a G, A We are a G, A We are a G, A for the field ended well see what's going on then He's a very cool condition that's his fault. Obviously, if anything in that story changes, we'll bring it to you. Okay, thank you so much. Greg is really wonderful here from your regular level. Anyway, we have not been sitting for both. Chris, not only has he got his desktop computer in there, but we got 974 which means by the bottom of the hour, we'll have our thoughts and votes. See how I am, and not all I see it from interesting coming up here, man. By the bottom of the hour, we'll have a thousand votes, and if the bottom of the hour, and it was going to happen, don't you live in 30? Oh yeah, trying to translate. What are friends? Numbers, baby, numbers. I want a two or three, it's going to be like a lot of like. I wish I wanted two, it's going to be great. Now, Allison just popped in and told me that she's on her way over there. She's going to be faxing them directly to you. Yes. But she's never done this from that lucky guy. Ah, she's not. She's the reason I feel like Archie Bunker now. I'm jeezed. And she can only fax until you as fast as they give them to her. I said, eat it, yeah. At that place. She can only go in one. It's her top priority to fax them to you as soon as they give them to her. But she's out there mercy over there. You know what it sounds like? It sounds like a whole bunch of excuses, obviously. It sounds just like the beastly, if and way to me, you know. Well, the dog ate the pages and the cat, you know, just never. She doesn't run things over there. Yeah. What do you mean by that? She runs things over here. She does today, because nobody else is, you know. Here. That's right. Jolly, Joey, even around Joey, you got here. And Josh is not here. Allison is the boss here today, but she's all the back of her. We like Allison. So some of Bob Hamilton or whoever the guy is over there. Bob Hamilton. I don't know. Whoever get out of there. Bob Hamilton's in magic putting that quiet. I'm going to stick on here. Just ask my buddy Ricky Tickey. I'll tell you. I don't mean Ricky Tickey. Whoever it is. Ricky Tickey. Sure. Yeah. Sure. Remember, Frankie said that in the movie. Yeah. Sure. He started about Richard. He started about a thousand in four shakes of a, uh, goats tail. I mean, if it can be two shakes of a lion's tail, why can't it be four shakes of a goats tail, huh? Probably shakes of a goat tail equal a shake of a lion's tail. Shake this. Shake my hand. I'll lie. And now we're going to. I don't know why keep playing that. And then those drop-ins. I don't know what that's all about from the guy. I want everybody here and oh, yeah. There's not going to be no trouble for me. Don't go to your own. I don't know what it is. You know, it's just one of those things. You get on a kick. You know me. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes. I don't know. I'm doing great. Good. I'm one of the ones that told you to stop gambling. Can you get that advice? Yeah. Good. I'm trying to take you know. Which I want to take. Uh, um, I want to complain about, uh, the cops now, uh, highway patrol. They're always on the tolls now. Yeah. People pass by there and, uh, they have their some paths. But, uh, they don't believe that their machines are, uh, uh, not working. So they give you a hundred of fake it now. Yeah. So I'm going to find bad machines, mine. Yeah. All that's the world is full of bad machines. Uh, uh, we should go to a small nail. When I'm filing. Okay. Say it prayer for me, man. Pray to, uh, somebody. We'll try all the other ones. I don't know. I don't think there's anybody left. How about who was the Mary McPherson of what was her name? Who? Oh, whatever the hell her name was from the, I don't even want to help religion that is. Mary, uh, simple, uh, McPherson, uh, Schwartz, uh, well, you know, I'm talking about Mary Baker ready. I don't know. You know, I'm talking to Baker at it. Yeah. Yeah. She's acting up again. Old Mary. W2AM, hello. Feel congratulations on your show. Thank you so much for your ass and I call. W2AM, hello. Yes, sir. Okay. Speak to the English, pal. Speak to the English. No, I'm really glad. God, that crap. Cut the crap, hold on. Okay. We're going to put you on a rubber wrap to mud away. Caster is going to kick your ass. How do you like that? All this crap about Caster is that he's going to pick you up with one hand and squeeze you like a, it like a net. You're going to squash your head like a watermelon seed. How do you like that? See, you're. How's that seeing your winches doing? I'm sorry. W2AM, hello. A, N, I, you doing. Okay, sir. I have to go get tired. You're going to throw it out of your ass. You can pick up. Who? Oh, yeah. We're going to happen to rubber Joe. That was something you were going to tell me. I was going to ask you, sorry. Whatever happened to him, unfortunately, he's still alive. That's what happened to him. See, you think about that. That's the best you can do is come up. But whatever happened to some chronic that called like about 40 seconds ago. That's really weak, weak like Al Martina when his voice and the odd father, weak. I can't believe I played that little thing of the day, where is it? That's so the Al Martina. Remember when he went to the movie when we were seeing the song, Connie was a curling from him. Oh, she was like, she was melting from Al Martina. Yeah. Well, she always had bad taste. You know, then it was Toradana, you. You know, not every seed in the Godfather was good. And then it was a carl, you know. It was okay. It was just a little bit of a, do I dare say, grease ball? Would that be a bad thing to say? Oh, I see. I hate it when it says, TOC error on my thing. What does that really mean? Total content. Is that what it means? Sure. Well, what does that show? What does it mean? Signure. In the case of a CD? Yeah. That means that the CD player can't read the data line that has the total content. Oh, that's bad. Small CD, maybe. Small CD. Yeah. But one. My voice is weak. This song. You're not talking about it. Go ahead. Go ahead. But one. Two. Two. Two. And ain't no short fat panty by Larry Williams. I'll say that. I have one. That's good. Let's see. I'll look at this. Look at their handwriting here on this fact that you just sent me. It's a letter. It's the second letter that Gilbert has sent me in as many weeks. I was going to say it was written by some company. We're tardole. If you ask me. And there's your red regas. Rambling. It was wrong that I was not invited to the Rose Bowl football game between the Miami hurricanes in Nebraska. And happen again the following year at the Fiesta Bowl football game between Ohio State and Miami Hurricanes. It was wrong because I know Ken Dorsey, brother John the Miami's quarterback. That's Sunday morning. I was very angry that after the Fiesta Bowl game, I drove the Don Shueless hotel and gave Josie the finger. He doing a much better job with this than I could. I did the same thing to Hank and Don Shueless hotel. I was at the Fiesta Bowl in 1987. The Miami Hurricanes against Penn State. Oh, that's really great Gilbert. Yeah, that's really great. We're really excited about it. Don and Mike blow. Yeah, and there's a lot of that going around, ever. More Al Martino come on. That's good. That was a good thing. No, she was like, oh, that was the wedding scene. On the day he thought he was splitting. Oh, and there's more to it. Oh, I should have identified it in one of those football games and that both games. What? I know George you and Neil have a agency office that have hired my friends, not to call me. If an agency office hired the famous friends, not to call me, I have not changed my phone number and you and Neil have hired the phone company that is wrong too. What is this man talking about? The crazy person. What do you know? What? Seriously, essentially, Gilbert saw him. And PSI have not had one friendly phone since you moved from WIOD. I did not do anything wrong. He has not won from the phone. He believes that we have an agency and we put them up to sandbagging his efforts to be on this or any other radio station as a caller and also to attend certain events. You're my name. I think that's the conference. The greatest football team we take the ball from God ago, like no one's ever seen. We are in the LL and the Cloud. We're always in good trouble. And when you say my amy, you're talking to little ball, cos with my amy dolphins. My amy dolphins. My amy dolphins are number one. Yes, with a my amy dolphins. My amy dolphins. My amy dolphins. No ball. Go get a dolphins. I need some action. Wow. 995 votes on a pool. Why? But your Chris is like in there just like the guy that will be talk radio. That stupid Eric, we're going to go and piece of turd. He's spinning around on the chair just like all the board offs. He's spinning around like it's a river like a redrawing like a droidle. Like a top. Like one of the four tops. I think we'll take Godfather music and short-fifth any by LL or R. We'll go to 145. Oh, so anyway, in the 20 minutes, you tell me that Alison May or May not have some numbers. I do. You wear a skirt. 13,000. 13,000. This is what we've been wished does the hanky pangy. How the king returns as if he wanky. This king who does the hanky pangy. This king who does the hanky pangy. We thought he always painted the face. Vaties, Bill Clinton bowed it all the time. Think of it, woman, dancing no lie, slime. But the piece shins and girlies all around the desk. That's why the shirts are like his ears and ears. All the time, forever, will respond. All right, here we go on the desk. Let's go. Oh, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, the committee we've had in Noah. Although it's hard, you'll see. He's taken out the money and death. I see. Oh, see you there, now. All the committees see you know him for Friday. I don't be no further, does he? I saw him working on his pick-up blind. You come here often, baby. Watch your side. I'm pretty happy, public and all. Hey, baby, can I give you the... Who are the five, never will I find that? Come here, baby. I think that you're here. You're here to be the one. Who's being rich? Does the hangy pay me? Who's being rich? Does the hangy pay me? Who's being rich? Does the hangy pay me? Who's being rich? Does the hangy pay me? Why is everybody always saying it's not a name? Every step play that is because But as a result of the public presidential candidate, Newt Gingrich had been in an interview with conservative Christian group, focused, hope his focus focus on the family, that he had an extra-meadow affair, even while leading the charge to that President Clinton impeach. There's the word hypocrite, ring a bell, as in all white wingers, hypocrite phony and the full of, you know what, there was the bell. The honest answer is yes, he said, according to the Associated Press, there are times that have fallen short of my own standards, there are certainly times when I fallen short of God's standard, and of course he's talking about it. No God! Which I don't have much standards. Gingrich, are you in need of you, however, that he should not be viewed as a hypocrite for pursuing friends in fidelity rights to the AP, Clinton was punished for purger races being rich who claims that he was not rendering judgment on a personal level against another, he didn't want to screw out all you might as long as you don't lie about it. I got it. Gingrich still remains very popular among Republicans that finished fourth in the unsigned to very straw pool. All that straw pool, my S.S.S. and what's his name? Mormon Jack Assmit, Romney, and what is his ridiculous? So last straw, if you ask me, a thousand of them votes on the pool pretty good for a crappy pool like that. 11.18, can you feel the pressure building? Oh, brother, we got those trends coming out. Log out, the 5.62. Right, that's not what I was looking for. I don't know where that was. 11.10, 11. Don't forget tomorrow's daylight savings time tomorrow night when you go to bed, actually Sunday morning. Oh, there's Rick Satchel as he's getting his other days, he's hyperbettly. He's acted really melodramatic. Hey, Alibusual Rick. If America were to be guys going bankrupt in the year 2030, you notice how we're selling them on reading this poll result? Well, there should be probably a reason for that. Why? Because it sucks. Oh, it's just long and complicated. The polls, okay? We get a lot of votes on it, but just add and no. I'll sell my grandkids with all the WSV204. I'm not going to have any grandkids. You will, though. Maybe? Maybe. I don't know if my kids are going to breed yet. Oh, I'll probably be dead by then. 199. That's what I voted. 2030. What about in the year 2525 with Zigg Win Evans? You've got that right. I know you've played it. In the year 25. Well, that's only five hundred and eighteen years away. I think I can make it. I think I may have had it. Say you're an Evan, so let me of this. Smag. She was big 1969. I won a six. Six. Six. Six. Six. Oh, I told you, that's why my first guess. Wow. This man is sharp as a marble baby. Look out. This has another title with parentheses. Yeah. Which is, exorbitant and turbinous. All right. Okay. Okay. It's a lie. Probably we did by then 199. I'm out of here. Hello, Canada and hockey fans in the United States. 127. I still want my social security check to have 121. I better start learning Chinese now. 97 or maybe turning Japanese. I hate this pool, 66, 6.5%. Just connect this connect me from my. He whoop 51. Brain president Jenna Boyce 33. That's very cute. She's not, but that is. Now she's the one that got really gross. I mean, you're confused yesterday. Barbara's the cute one. Jenna's not that nice. Like I said. Guess I'll have to move into a cardboard box 25. I ain't paying no more taxes to Uncle Sam 24. Our world has to make a documentary about it by then. 18. About it. How am I going to afford my nursing home 18? And I still got to be able to use my credit card 17. I'm moving into an underground bunker 11. And I'll step my wrist. We finally got one. That's probably after they heard that maybe that fashion girl group wants to still theorist out of the thousand 14. But I told you that was the second randomly winner. For some reason. I was excited. Was it earliest coherent? It's the first one. The same except longer. Miguel took it up to pass it around the building as it was very funny and also insane. And it still stands whatsoever. Why is right at me? I don't know. I wanted to go to that game in 87. The festival. I knew it. This is the amazing Gilbert. We minding you not to drink and live. This is how they feel. Season. It's thought that I was so happy so good. Yes. Absolutely. I mean absolutely. But anyway. Yeah, he's different. That's for sure. WQA and hello. Oh, Mr. Rogers? Mr. Carl. Thank you. I would like to go to your pole but I can't get to the internet. So the popsicle that you can cast by vote for me? No. It's not going to be easy to get to the internet. Why anyway? I should. I know I'm now. But my vote is I will probably be asking if it's important to cast. I'm going to vote. Oh, it is very important. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha. That's the saddest part is it was a real voice and a real person and that's what he had to say. I would have been I would have felt so much better for him for was a thing. Wow. You know, rather we didn't have a little bit of yogurt. Stick off as they say. And then with the Chinese say, and I lost. As in stick it. WQA, I'm hello. Yes, sir. Speaking of even that you ought to check out Wikipedia, your biography has an interesting changes. Yeah. As of one. Did I? Today. Oh, another would you been posking around with it, is that it? Oh, we. Okay, well good. Have fun. Keep your office straight anyway. See that's the thing with Wikipedia. It's this is stupid thing because anybody can go on there and make changes to whatever and how they want. And who cares? I love what I said. Don't do it. Yeah, that really had lots of do with anything. WQA, I'm hello. I'm going to go on a bag to check out four. Two AM. I thought it was that when I invented it, compared to that. I know the service. You're a compassionate man. Very much. Yeah. I love you. Yeah. I love you. Yeah. Also, how is sperm show? Just what you need. Okay. And we're getting that for free too. We're not even subscribers. WQA, I'm hello. Good morning, sir. I'm your Wikipedia entry. I'm thinking I'm going to go on there and mention it. Maybe once you want that they tone up 500 or something really good. I mean, if we're going to put stuff on there, might as well put good stuff, right? It's really not good stuff. Anyway, I have a question for you. Yeah. Yeah, everybody's complaining about their taxes and everything. And I've noticed the correlation that the same people who complain about how high their taxes are were the first ones outside wanting for water and ice and food after the hurricane. And I wonder where they think all that stuff comes from. I mean, taxes in the of themselves aren't such a bad thing. It's a lot of money spent properly. You know, people demand all these public services there. But they don't want to pay for, actually, they want someone else to pay for them. Is what I see. And I know you're relatively affluent, but I was wondering what your take on that would be. I don't have any takes here. I'm relatively affluent. What does that mean? I don't even know what you're talking about. Why mean you don't worry about your next field coming from, you know, so yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There are a lot that I'm all not complaining about. It's just very relaxed. And so, since this, you can be called a radio activist, but I beat by the boobs but I'm up and balls of the Nicki Minaj. This and see anything. Looks like the same crap I I saw in here before, now that everybody cares. And then he gave him time. His monologues were phased out around the time he joined IOD. However, Rogers has never shied away from writing about politics, local or industry topics. Sometimes reading lengthy articles that he believes should have his audiences attention. Much to this may have anyone hoping to be entertained. More recently, the show has taken a page from the Paul Harvey Playbook and monotonous news reading has been the general overall theme. That's the exchange. I see. You know something great. And you know what, what else? I got my paycheck a day early yesterday. It was as closely related as I saw when you in the bank. How do you like that? Lose her. So that's the guy that made the change on there. He finds it monotonous. How many news stories have I read today? Maybe one, maybe two. And in addition to which I think maybe I'll tell the one forty five that's all news read news stories and the numbers on the arbitrage. How's that? Just the numbers. Oh, right. This is the soft photo of Anthony Wayne. That's why that whole book of people think it's so stupid because any jack asked him to go on there and make up any kind of craft they want. As in that last part about. Running feud with the host Howard David Mug the mole myster and all the other crap fun for the people my nacer a man who is supposed to be an adult someone who is supposed to be older than the legal A someone's supposed to have a life and of course the fact that he's calling in here in the middle But they tells me guess what it tells me. I have no lie. That is precisely correct. I do you. Where's the. Oh, right. You got staff. Oh, they did. In the shower. So. Oh, wow. I wanted. Right traded Tears.よ with your photo wave I Yes! You've got to hide your photo wave I have a little smile to finally die This is that straight game of mine Men, you pull up all the men This is a straightforward state of mine Yeah, yeah No, just you look as straightforward We're having fun with the boys In the law for rule my dear Or ain't going out point four Or am I going out point five You've got to hide your photo wave Oh, that's my eye Oh, that's my eye Do that, do I know Oh, no, my eye Oh, my eye Level 32 at five, 60 That'll be QAM 10, 51, that's where we got on the pool of 151 vote And I'm still waiting for you Allison, thanks for any stuff If you've been a fashion director, we're right to you Oh, so you're not going to be the pimped today You're not going to be the new friends Radiance pimped, I'll be surprised at the same time you are What surprised us? You actually sent anything or surprised the numbers Right, that's what I meant I see Well, let's say we didn't continue hanging on because now that they've got put that horrible stuff on Wikipedia there And of course, the guy he's part of the symptom of why I do that And it started doing that a long time ago Is because most of the phone is the biggest waste of time And a big is pile of trash And the history of mankind including him Oh, I spent this morning on Wikipedia I changed it here byography on air Because I don't like you reading the bedtime stories And because I made a lifeless piece of turd OK? Oscar, I'm happy to keep you off the street Probably saved some of these life out there Lunatic Still I'll see any numbers coming across you at Though a thousand and fifty or four votes on the pool though Chris is really impressed by that and his new computer And I can't believe that Yeah, neither can I WQAM hello Will, baby Yes sir Hey, I have a question now Let me ask you this If a man was able to give himself a beat OK, great five six seven five six to you And he's doing Ron Jeremy on top OK, I've seen that stuff, OK OK Can't I'll be double join it sir If the Lord wanted you do that, we'd all be double join it Just let me tell you that right now That's what my priest told me. That's what my rebbie said This before he was laying to fill in Lay in hands WQAM hello QAM You're gonna land so because you know there are queer dogs out there I've seen that WQAM hello I love you Neil God WQAM hello Take me a what the hell is your take anyway Now take this, take a big one WQAM hello Hey, don't let him walk till you're pretty low feathers Yeah You got to hear early again Yeah, 145 though I never know your schedule, your whole show with Capricious Yeah, Capricious Navaritory Yeah, well I didn't know we were doing the lightning round Hey Dave Capricious remember he used to be on the band's there Oh, I heard him beacuse Captain Dave Capricious QAM hello I didn't even punch that one up how long that happened That was bizarre QAM hello Hey Neil Yes sir There are a couple of collars around your shell Yeah OK WQAM hello QAM WQAM hello You're a Ha ha ha ha ha ha Alright I knew it Ricky It was Ricky's take he stands to his set Friday I knew it, whatever it held me this I'm still sitting here waiting You know because it's 1135 Now I sure hope she has never any difficulty Over there she has some concept to how the Yeah, I ever the facts them or everything And she came in here Reen your hands Oh, say look This is the first thing that I'm going to do I'm going to look at them I'm going to put them right in the facts Machine and some real As soon as they give them to me I say there you go Well they must be squeezing them really tired over their kiss WQAM hello QAM Yes sir I'm already attacking the sir Excellent More finger up Where I'm going to turn is I have an observation or maybe a comment I'm not sure I'm not that smart But a lot of three we had a four to high We were told that they're going to be out numbers Looking for speeders And reckless driving all kind of stuff And you know Are they supposed to be doing that all the time? No I think I'm going to tell them about when the quota's up man You may be able to get with it It's boring itself For There's a radar There's a pigly port over here I know You know we don't get much of that anymore We just thank God They're out there Smokey is out there waiting for you Just slow down It's Florida Man just supposed to be old And slow And even if you're not old Just pretend you are And drive real slow Like you've got saved by this dance in your pants That's where to do it 1050 on the pole frame Is there any interest? I'm making it to wonder And at what point? At what time would you say? What were with a little handbeam And the big handbeam in the clock When I stood start getting a little bit Concern about whether these numbers are going to come Pushing over the fax machine Or whether there's some kind of usual See we've always got something going on Like you said Clarence Or he still busy over and tempo that basketball game He's doing this for it He's like straight enough Feeding you the information that only you Far into port and And what about Miguel? Is he chaplow over with those stories? He also offers us without a turn Out of state Yeah And Joe Wells offers us when we often In the middle of the ocean On a cruise somewhere He's cruising it That's what I heard Oh my God Shope is back Doesn't pop again WQAM Hello Cheers Sothapoy Tahadir WQAM Hello QAM Hello Hello Hey Miguel, how are you doing? Okay I got a question for you Yeah, it will be a question I don't think they got questions Sothapoy Go ahead About wondering if the ad can die at would help my independent syndrome Yeah, I'm sure WQAM Hello I'll go near Yeah You're a cop WQAM Hello Yeah WQAM Hello Yeah WQAM Hello Yeah Yeah Sweet stop Have a position to have 640am Take it off the air And why is that? Who listens to 640am? Nobody I don't know, but you know Why don't you even know what it is 640am? What that listen? Well, the terrible station has done in my climb Well, let me make a suggestion to serve it It's a two things Number one I would change the station number two Don't in my plow But other than that, have a wonderful day And a great weekend in a stupidest life OK sir I have no line over that 1962 and a pool A middle lavish party filled with fancy I'm just going to move along because I'm assuming that the numbers are never going to come in Because it's already a 22 before the hour And I just have this sinking, sinking, feeding in the pit of my sols Look at how much excited it will be when they do come in Look they're not going to happen Did you give her the right facts number? I mean, you all drink the break and verify all of our Oh, we're out there I'm telling you, this place Every day when you finally think things It kind of turned around a little bit and just maybe You know, we got the dots on the phone The phones are ringing like a Christmas tree Like a Hanukkah bush Everything in here is working I got all five green lights on a little box down there on the Tell us thing Everything is beautiful I sound crystal queer My blood sugar was 70 this morning I feel like I've born again Old Queen, you know whatever And the main time Well, the ratings are over there I'm going to get down the street And as soon as they come off the machine there And as soon as they get their finger out of their nose So they can get a lot of pages out of there All those nose picking country music day Yahoo's All that you have to work So that's the story You're going to call her during the break along Yeah What's the little children? The Middle Ages party filled with fans and Personators, orphans and handicapped children Michael Jackson said yesterday He wouldn't change the path of his career Despite deliberate attempts to hurt him The reclusive pop star and Tokyo For several fan appreciation events Was the guest of honor to party where about 400 people paid 3500 bucks each for a buffet dinner 3500 each A show featuring several Japanese action impersonators And a sense to take photos with Jackson More than 100 orphans and handicapped children were invited for free Wearing sunglasses and rest in the black and gold of Roberto Cavali suit Jackson appeared on stage at the end of the six hour party to be the brief Thank you note Thank you He didn't perform But in comments to the a pjax He's trying to revive after his 2005 acquittal on child molestation charges And a series of other legal battles of personal finances I've been in the entertainment industry since I was six years old He told a pjax Charles Dickens says It's been the best of times the worst of times But wouldn't change my career a career A career career Me either wouldn't change my career career Although somebody like us said maybe I really will get back in the radio I do You bastard Hey, how the hell are you? Welcome to Jack in the box I'm Jack now and be happy to fill your orders You know what I mean I'd like a Jack burger to lunch fries Sorry, now we're cleaning the grease fire We don't have any french fries today Okay, but they're just gonna be a smaller surprise Look chief, maybe you didn't hear me And I said we don't have any f*** fries today And I'm not something else Okay, then just give me an order of fries Ah, listen up hell Who put the straw and straw berry They'd you do that's right They'd you did and put the apenate Pretend They'd you do that's right nature Did now listen carefully Who put the freak in french fries? There is no freak in french fries That's what I'm trying to tell you But breath, they don't freak in french fries Now get out of my sight before I shut your teeth So fire it down and you f*** throw You'll have to sit on the Jack burger to eat it Oh, I haven't seen it Okay, I'm 46 and 56 and 56 and I'm so The process Looks like it was coming along like you know a assembly line And then we got the first page of the morning man And it like the bottom half of the numbers chopped off And then that's it So I'm assuming it's another typical Beasley broadcasting technical malfunction Because there's certainly nothing wrong with my facts My sheen on this end And there's nothing receiving See what I'm saying Okay You better find out from her what The hell is going on over there So you've got up to what What the way it here comes again See as soon as I said that All of a sudden the moment I finished saying that As soon as I said what the hell is going on All of a sudden just like an active God, maybe they're had a jam over there And when you see these numbers They're going to be jamming all right I can't tell you where Back to move Oh my god Oh my lord Good, good, lotty Miss Clotty If I dare say that Lotty Miss Clotty Overall the station man A 2.4 Now from a 3.1 2.4 1.4 1.4 1.4 1.4 You're talking about the boss You're so good Oh and now all of a sudden we've gone from the first page of 6 to 10 a.m. And now we're in the 3 to 7 p.m. What is this woman going over there What in God's name are you doing Allison sweetheart when you're going to You're going to be doing Wanted you right down what Need to be refact And all of a sudden Well what do you want me to be refact There's nothing here The first page of 6 to 10 in a morning Is a half a page of it showed up And then we go to 3 to 7 p.m. And nothing in between In fact if I part of that is missing Oh my goodness this is so typical You know this is our bread and butter This is our livelihood This is our life is our Life is our bread words will say This is your life Neil But the check showed up early yesterday Which I say Cookers I'm here about the check but who cares about this Well let's see So in other words after And drive most of that's Missing 2 the first page Which I can assure you we're not on Let's see Why she's got a 2 8 in the afternoon I and Z that's Girl America 2 5 and we got a 2 2 Oh Oh From 3 to 7 We got a 2 2 Whoa Gotta only knows what kind of crap Number we got here in midday So don't have to make your make My hair star growing back big time Real fast like in clumps So let's see what the oh now We're going to 7 in midnight So I'm going to what the hell she's doing And obviously she didn't She's doing it She doesn't either There was like a glitch And there's somewhere like in between When the morning Are they the 18 plus or what you know what you get Man 18 plus that's all we got that's all we got Spaving it Stu got just like Clemens it gives Oh got's Okay overall men CMQ FM6 2 Number 1 No Spikiting Lays IE Radio Mumbi No Spikiting Lays IE 5.8 number 2 Radio Amore No Spikiting Lays IE 5.5 No Spikiting Lays IE 4.5 4.5 They went way up from 13th to 4th Holy moly rat man Way to go to the tiger Yeah then look 94 Hot one of my QA or IOD QA not even on the second page Kid me Overall in mid we got a 2-4 And across the street they got a 2-1 You put the 2 of them together you got a decent number But dividing up that narrow Nero focus The sports nerd audience man What else is coming here? If you keep sending these 7 to mid night I'm going to be so, I'm just trying to hide I just lie all text for the night I just am telling you that I only wait I just text for that you're getting a screwed up No I don't have blank pages The first page of the morning dry was half a blank page And there's no rest of the morning Graven there's certainly no mid day And there's no first page of afternoon dry And I'm not going to get excited about you I understand because I'm cool, calm and collected Because I'm Bale, cah Legendary And pretty pure about this The way this is being done This is pathetic Oh, can you believe this? And now here's another part of a page This is over all week I don't care about the weekends We don't have anybody listening on a weekend Nobody listens to the radio on a weekend They're off there, getting a skin cancer and getting laid Whatever they're doing There's nothing worth worrying about So what I need is stuff that somebody cares about Which is not what she basically sent me All the stuff that nobody cares about What we do care about morning dry mid day And the first part of afternoon dry That I don't have, no gods Who gots, who gots and no gods Wow I mean, what does any of this really mean? I was in the afternoon, we got a two-two Nice, and you know something about the Irish Joe But I'd be out in the middle of the ocean cruise And I guess he learned from the Greg Reid song book She said that Josh told her to send everything Let me say it again, I don't have everything You don't understand it, I don't have what I need I don't have everything What kind of response is that? It's not what I do have, it's what I don't have Which is what we're interested in being in the mornings and this show That's what we don't have Now what is she doing right now? We said it's having her finger deep inside her nostril What is she doing? I assume she's vaccine you whatever they're given Well, or anything coming now, baby Morning, 60 to 10 a.m. here's what I got I got five stations At an ex-son of mobile at Sinoco Yeah Radio Amor Number one Six point two share in the morning Anybody believe in that? No speaking in the place, they're playing Puppy Compo Records on radio Amor Radio Amor Radio Amor Maintain plus See this is a lot of old men stuff What this is six old, remember two again Like they were in the last time Old green teeth, no speaking in the place Big is number three in the morning They made little not much from a five one to a five two But at least they're holding their own run and ancient Paul Five two Top 105, five one and number four and ex-dj Which also was figured in place is a four seven They grabbed from first of fifth And that's it, that's all I got I got nothing else in the morning I got no midday, I don't got the first page in the afternoon I ain't got no body Oh Oh Absolutely unacceptable What is this? I hate this play I talk to a lot of men I talk to a lot of men Even don't be afraid is doing talk to a nail And I'm a my scorn-bride That is a dorn-yle That's a station man And Jolly Jove Bell See, I want the rest of the morning And I want the midday numbers Tell that lady, tell our good friend Allison I tell that bitch right now I want to start getting a hostile With her nothing like that To that we need That's what we need Now, now, no week from the circus from the circus, not 75 years from the Sumshustora, now would be nice. This is not the way we do with the numbers coming. As you know, oh, good, galle and Miss Molly. Can you believe that? I believe that it's very believe that in that particular, it's going to be true when they start come over like, just really fine as wine and like a real assembly like a newspaper, it was coming to do. And then all of a sudden we get to the first page in morning drive and like five stations come through and there's a half of light page and then that's it. And there's a long respite in between whenever, maybe she was trying or got away with what was going on and she can't get it done. She can't get the job done. Okay, well, maybe there are fact machines over there is a good as ours are over here. I don't think it's got anything to do with that. If that's the case, how come all these other pages are coming through just fine on the line? Huh? Well, maybe she's got a concept of who you up on purpose. No, I'm not what I'm saying. It's not a question screw me up on purpose. Is it a question screwing up because of an attitude, which is the QM way? Okay, that's exactly what we do it a day after day after day after day. It's technically an attitude. It's mental and up to do it. It's just stupid is what it is. But I got paid yesterday's all out here. Thousands of young folks, Chris is pretty pumped because we're going to have a lot of hundred by the time of the hour. It's pretty pumped. Oh, yeah, maybe. Oh, these are numbers that really count. Not a pool. I mean, are you on the phone with her? How are you coming? I can't do my shirt wave. I'm texting her. Yeah. Well, send her a text message for me and say, okay, give her a little raspberry or some other fruit. Oh, this is just beyond. I need the morning drive numbers recent. I need mid-day something. Please give us something. Okay, I know it's going to be bad. Believe me, it's going to be bad because if the station overall is going to 2.4 year and then it's it, it just keeps vanishing. This keeps that. I think we need to convene the square table and the gear not gain. See if we can have a discussion to strain all this out. This is ready to win. Whenever I shake my balls, I listen to the meal Rogers will go one hour. One, one, one, one, one. One, one, seven and a morning. He's a football player too. A silent world of heat. We can't even get out of all the juice. That's good. You're too huge. I want to hear it before I debate, but there's no chance at all. So don't make me a sports queen and call me a little boy. Yeah, footballs. Oh, they, wow. Look at that kid. You wait. See, don't have a boy like baby. Wait. I got a high level of heat, street, that helps me see his voice. I can do what I want. But I ain't gonna get done. Not a day, but for business school. Okay, that's not too great. But I'm going to roll the new phone name at least a police lawyer. Oh, I'm great. Now, I want to get off some wind. You wait. See, don't have a boy like baby. Wait. Who made me laugh? Look at that kid. You wait. See, don't have a boy like baby. Well, like I said, it's been nice knowing folks. All of a sudden we didn't do that bad. We didn't do great. But certainly compared to everything around us, we did not so bad. Ready for these? Yeah, we're still not the stack just so, you know, certain I want to stack. You have all been coming back over here because they were given her a hard time over there. And then I'm just sitting in the hungry dinner at a way, and so she finally just gave up and grabbed the stack. It was long distance with the end of the word, uh, Nazan Fowler, which was no numbers that they gave her. She ran over here with them and we're sort of a mess. Yeah, so it's not your fault. We love this we need. Maybe she'll want to go back to the process. They kicked her ass and morning and afternoon drive. Kick our asses what they did. Let them. What else is this? A lot of wanting more nighttime numbers. Don't send me anything else. You're wasting my thanks. Whatever. So let's send a certain. We're chopping down a lot of maple trees. Okay, ready for these numbers? Okay, here we go. Let me just say this. First, now you were saying the other day and I certainly can cure. I mean, I just, well, what's a point in my singing? Because what do I know about radio? Right. The one thing about these people is that these are the most hard ass impossible people. They were impervious. They just are impossible. They mean, remember the scene there and the end of the network where they're trying to figure out how to get to Howard V. off the year. And the Mr. Justin wants to take on a personal interest in Howard V. O'Show and once him kept on here, are you sure? He is in track in Robert Dubal says he is intractable in mobile and in the, I was there some other word in there for you. Right. Remember that? Right. Well, that's what these people are. I think we need, in fact, it wasn't a square table. It was a long rectangular table that they had that meeting in the ITT board room with Howard Beal and Mr. Jensen. Did he? I think that's what we need to have in the ITT board room and maybe I'll sit at one and I'll screen like that. Maybe did there. You have missed with a promo forces of radio, Mr. Beal and you will repent like that, you know? I'm gonna not have the three to seven. I assume the first page I don't have. Oh, you got it now. I got everything I don't want anymore. Please stop stop stop. I'm not doing that. I'll be some other stuff. Stop, stop, stop, stop. Take a brief off. I said, I got here. What did I say five minutes ago, Chris, and I say I have everything I need. Stop, send you any more. Just leave. Justin and the pages are pouring because of the pouring. Even more than the salt never poured as much as the freaking pages are pouring from that facts my sheen off to my left there. Stop. Would you like the muthalies? No. Okay. Oh sure, I would like the muthalies. You got those? Where did I get those? Not he bell has those. No, maybe. All the little Matty Bell has stepped on his ass. But you like the muthalies, but you like to see how we're in the toilet. He's all excited because power night is six. Got a big kiss there, huh? I've been going to bunch of wired diaries. Six to 10 am. And then it starts still coming over there. Stop before you said stop. Nice. I'll say this stuff. I've been saying stop since Jesus. What do you do that you said? What do you want to say to Jesus? What is in the main of what is in the area saying? What is does? That's depth of your neck. What Jesus do? I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I've heard and held. Can I please go back to reading these stupid ass numbers? I mean, I could lie about them and just, oh, we didn't get any. We don't know. Was there a rating arbitrage here? There they are. Six to 10 in the morning in the morning. A lot of you are more is number one, six to our intro to these top five. I give you those no speaking in the place. See in QFM number six also no speaking in this. A lot of you are hit mono speaking in the place is number so. And power one way up in the morning too. Look at that way up there from 15 to 8 to 4 to 3. Let's get to the stations we care about if there are anywhere they might speak English. IOD number 10 with a three one. They drop a little bit. Waxy, Joe Rose, six to 10. He's out on the whole time. But most of it, two six from a two on up to a two six, which is nothing about home about. But, but then you go to the next page. I and Z, skier America whatever they got in the morning. I have no idea. It's a one eight. They drop the half a point and at the bottom of the third page, WQM dropping from a two point three from time for 17 to a one point seven, time for 23rd. These monthly are all persons. I don't think you want those. They're all what? 12 persons. 12 persons, 12 plus persons, 2554. No, I don't. Oh, 5, 5, 54. Okay, there's no you. How come we can't get muffies in men? I don't know. I don't know. I can't. We just don't have them. At least I don't have the morning. Will you stop? Will you stop? Do you hear what I just got through saying to you? Did you hear the number in the morning? No. That's because you're not what you're on listening. You're just your posky. Who's giving all this crap? Maddie Bell? There's nobody in here right now. Then what are you doing? Where are they coming from? They're coming from? They're coming from the time. Where? But then you're sending them from over five minutes. Will you take a baseball bat and whack him in the head from your please Chris? Please. Just not not real hard. Well, they like I said very hard. Just once. WKUA in the morning from a 2.3 to a 1.7 from tide for 17 to tide for 23rd. Across the street they had a 2.6. Now much of the number we had a 1.7 with the square table and the round table and whose gay and whose not gay and straight or not straight and in or out. Yeah, it didn't want to hear that. I'm very important. It'd be just didn't want to hear that. And we've tried to tune it out. Yeah, what did you say? Up to bed. We did great in the morning without you just said. And what's the rest of this stuff there? Long after I said stop. No. No. No. No. Yes. No. They were in the sub for no. They went to buffer. Yeah, we had a lot of buffers. Yeah, the family had a lot of buffers. Okay, that's what the that's what really teaches you said. Family had a lot of buffers. Teach you. Okay, now where we're going? 10 to 3 midday, midday, mid 18 plus CMQ FM. Oh my god, talk about those speaking grace in this thing. From a 7, I mean, they've been number one all along but they went from a 7.0 to a 7.6 midday. I mean, that's a huge increase. Radio Mombino speaking in grace. And number two from a 6.6 up to a 7.1. Wild from a 5.0 up to a 5.6 from 4th time for 4th to 3rd. Iod in the morning and midday. Oh, that's rush. I might be the right wingers got this. Well, of course, your people as well. Same difference. Radio on more for 9. They dropped a little bit from 3rd to 4th. And in the light love and in QAM midday from a 5.0 to a 4.1 from a time for 4th to 6. This has been 18 plus. So 2554, we always do a lot better but even so, 4.1. It ain't no 17.0. 2 2. You know what I'm saying? What? In fact, the 4.1 is, it's more than morning drive and after the drive combined. If you combine 2 2 and 1 7, you've got a 3 9. We've got a 4.1 and that's 10 to 3. You know what I'm exhausted? I just want to sit down and floor put my head in my hands. I just say, why? Like Fredo, you know, when you're sitting on the curb there after they shot down the curb, you know, the people, five shots and he's still alive. And Fredo is rocking back and forth. Okay, okay. Like that, you know, 4th. Fredo. It was you Fredo. You broke my heart. Huh? So, so that's it. I mean, what else am I going to say? I mean, I time I could look at that but it would probably be enough to make you cry if you're not doing it already. I would be ahead of 4.7 and I just probably the heat games when you think Chris? Oh, yes, sir. I in Z at night. I don't know what they got 3.3. I'm looking beyond that at night 7 and midnight. Well, are we on here at all? Are we out of from a 1.8 to a 1.4? That's your panthers hockey. We love the panthers. Oh, it's better than the 0.8. We had last winter with the panthers. And what about across the street? Are they on the early night? Oh, they got a 0.8. Oh, 0.8. But in the meantime, morning and afternoon drive, they kicked our ass. Sideways to Sunday, whatever that expression means. I mean, kicked our bloody ass. How do you like that? Is that disgusting or what? Yeah, fine. We did fine compared. Yeah, but again, that is compared to everything or surrounding us. Greated on the curve. And you hear what Kenny said this morning, the street said, we did the good stuff after the new goes on the air. Well, you know, how about doing some that while you're on the air would be good? Wouldn't it be a good idea? Do some of the good stuff like between 7 and 10 by your on the year? Now, waiting until I'm on the air and you're on the hallway would be good. I think you would say that you are the good stuff on the air. No, that's not what he was saying at all. Is that what he was saying? I mean, I wasn't totally listening to him. No, there is nobody was saying that where they were joking about the fact that the good stuff hit it off the air. And he said, yeah, we do our best work after a new comes on. It's at it. I mean, there was, see, you're in the mindset of like sucking up. Kissy, kissy, kissy. Well, I believe he's listening to what he said it. And why is that? And if that was a number, from this number, evidently, the audience is only half listening to or maybe a third listening. A one seven. And you know, who's dancing on our grave now, don't you? Okay, okay, okay. That's right. I mean, if you would have had a one seven, then we'd like on in there and like take a net wig and strap it around his ass, run his dingal burys. So what you said about hard asses and. I was saying that you can't convey anything of these people. They will not listen. You can't tell them anything. They have all the answers. They're the experts. They're the radio mavens. And we're listening here watching the unraveling. You want to very, you know, a highly rated versus successful popular radio station. We're sitting here in the midst of it. And luckily, we're at least trading water. You know, I mean, somebody threw a light graph and we're trading water. Four one, which means between ten and two, we probably have like, maybe close to a five. That, you know, 18 plus that's not that bad. Not great, but it's certainly not that bad when you're leading this a one seven. And if Kenny or anybody from morning service listening right now, all I can say is, you skid all the yis kidash shimay rabo. That's my a comment in yiddish. And he'll have the zedabam. It means, you know what it means? I'm dying out of here. Right. Now let's get back to the pool. Oh, 11 11. See, would be one thing if it was that much of an effort to actually find to get the numbers and it turned out that they were okay or that we would be great. But to go through all of that angst and then find out that morning and afternoon drive have just basically vanished from the woodwork, vanished in the nowhere. And this is what happens when you have a little boy program director who all he knows about it. The kings, the kings, we got the basketball game. Let's pre-empt me again. The kings, yeah, we got a game of 145 today boys and girls. We're going to lose that quarter hour. It's going to be a big, oh, a big number is zero. It's going to be minus infinity is what it's going to be the last quarter hour because that's how these are all compiled by quarter hours. So that one you can just, you can take it and flush it down the toilet. Okay, the tidy bullman's going to be laughing his ass off as easy. Watch his neck quarter hour just flush right on by wherever wherever all would down the drain. You know what I'm saying? Not that I'm getting emotional about this and not because it helped the fact that it was so easy to get the numbers. If you have a heart or a liver, down, shout, where the mud wants gold to hang from trees and play banjo. You got some poor, a station on, you fangled, raving on. Oh, now as north, Carolina goes, rallies of victory at home and that's where the bees leaves had to go for Gale Riley Jones. I run UGM, you do what he can. Shake your hand like a friend. Then quickly walk away, all they had jokes, go to five six o'clock with raving in the toilet mold to get those plain mixboard co-modes and order and control. And then so, Gale Riley Jones about humor and him the note he lets move. Go, here's what most it's Gale D'Isso Jones. Ow! He'll make a big change and re-arranged. It's worse for the same. He hasn't learned the same. Or what goes, all the air had to go. Don't have a stink in blue out of four. Not that essentially, blow, sport, all radio. The GM of five six o'clock, darling, Riley Jones. I'm dying on the... Question of ten and five sixty, WDQAM. How many people are going to be listening at one forty five the set noon and of course all put all his great stuff on right in midday in prime time when people are awake. I'll take how many of you'll be listening. Yeah, that's it. Cain's basketball maybe from Tampa. It's like what did I tell you before? So I have the little children have taken over the radio station. Would Jolly Jones approval and pat on the head? You'll go ahead, Terence. And this one's going to be doing some more for Clarence. This one's going to be doing some more for him too. And but I mean remember those memos? Sure, this is a social club. Right, a sports social club. Like you said, a sports bar with a microphone. Lots of promotion too. Although quite frankly, some of the stuff we got on, I wouldn't be promoted myself, but you know, it's less than money down the tour with longer than other stuff. The title of Manson will be real busy. WDQAM used to be great, hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, you said you're asking who is on WDQAM. I am in the morning. Yes. Who's the guy from the herehold that they blew out the gym to see this? Yeah, they got him in the morning and they got my lawyer on it night. Well, well, what we mean in the morning like what time is he on nine o'clock? Yeah, I think it's like six to nine or something like that. Six to nine in the morning? Yeah, and then they got this, they got the, they got the, they got the, they got the, they made the ring and they were like with a crane. They take them out of his home with a crane and remove him physically or take it out of the one of my channel for, it could be looks like he ate out some shine. Yeah. And then they got mic and the lawyer back in the evening up over there. And that's what they're running. Well, running is the word. Okay, thanks. We're running too. Man, running away from these numbers. Oh, we're running. Must be mistake. Must be, you know, somebody got a kiss. See, you could say that with all the heavily, a heavy, a Julio. And of course, this is 18 plus which includes a lot of old views, who are listening like Adalia, Mambe and stuff like that. See, so when it gets to 25, 15 more, that shakes out a little bit, but even so. Even so these dreadful. And like I said, and today is a perfect example of a poor Allison, which is not her job, she's got a shut down the street theater, a kiss and they gave her a hard time. Oh, you're down along. This is our facts machine. It's a rattle. We can't ever act. Back of all these numbers, all mixed up with each other. Yeah. Because I need you to be fast. We should be defecing that thing. Who's running that place? Oh, I said, who's running. And that's your bell. But there you go, the print. Yeah. Of course, he's not here. That's my point. Absentee management and certainly absentee program director. Clarence. And overgrown sports nerd child, who all he wants to say, and it gives you a song to dance about how you shouldn't be talking about religion because it's a tune out. It's bad. Don't be not in religion. But let's say, can't you talk about sports sports? Of all the people in the world ask, can't you talk about sports? George would be the one to lie. Even in the even a crazy first, even muffled and say, oh, the George. A little big, tether ball show one that. Yeah, tether ball my ass. Yeah, I'll get a big rope. Okay. Better be a real big one. Rory. I'm hello. Q. I am. I look at that. I'm pushing this thing. It works once in a while. Q a m hello. At Baker's way God to the ring. Where are you at? 300. W 2 a m hello. Hello, Neil. Happy to play it. It's 31st anniversary. Thanks. I'm busy. It's a mirror twice you're riding. Yeah, here you go. Listen, the other day I was listening, you played a bit from, I guess, the vocal Brian or whatever, but it was about 10 hard away. It was knock off on tomorrow. I just had to play the 20 minutes ago. Yeah. That was funny. It's all up. Well good. But one of the questions. I can't. I can't. I can't. Okay. I keep up a good work. W 2 a m hello. They had a 2 1 by the way in the across the street midday. We had about probably between 10 to about a 5 or 8. 2 1. 2 a m. That's the kid. 2 a m going once. Going twice. You lose 2 a m. I think you win. You lose 2 a m. Hello. Q a m hello. I'm not quite familiar with your gate. Yeah, we are 2 a m. Hello. Do you know what it says about Joe Bella Wikipedia? Is it kidding? How to jerk? W 2 a m. Hello. Doctor, you know who? W 2 a m. Hello. And now you put the game on already. I'm getting sick of listening to you. Okay. Here it is. Here's Joe's a ganky. No. He did it. He did it. He did it. See what help you. At least he got excited. He had a line yesterday. I was listening for those 20 seconds. And he said it in such a way. He still did kind of like an automaton way. It was just I just wanted to sit here and cry. But that what I didn't say was just turned it off. Q a m hello. You sure that was a Joe's a gate. It's a way kimba. I think it could be kimba. Me kimba. They're all that are changing board. I believe that yeah. Do you think that was Ted? I was Ted. Q a m hello. Good afternoon. You're not sitting on Sir. Yes. You're missing a beautiful day in sunny South Florida. Well, I enjoyed. Okay. I'm glad I'm hearing you're there. Hey, listen. Do you think they can pick up the radio Q a m station up at that prison where come one come all is. That's cute. That's cute. That's all I got. That's very cute. Line nine is there a real call on he or ever. Yeah, a prozac for rosac. Yeah. W 2 a m hello. 2 a m. And then the goal. Who didn't W q. I'm not too many of it. I'm not too many. Sure line Q a m hello. I'm pretty your rapper. W q a m hello. Why did you hate me? The old man asked because you're a jackass. The world hates you. The Lord hates you. Moses saw him in Abraham Jesus. They all hate you. That's why. But have a nice day. W q a m hello. Hey, how did I? How did I? How do you care about the man in the rating? Who man? How? Man. You can be he or even he or even make a book on the record. Well, what are all the four all the book and boards that they got lining up up and down? You mean board boards? You haven't seen this bill while you're not here. Yeah, I did see him when I was there. Yes. Yeah. I mean they got the. How do you like our bill boards? What bill boards? That's exactly correct. I'm having a nice day. YouTube. Well, in fact, I'll tell you what he did. On mid day, that's station at a 0.3. I don't know exactly what time they got him on now. I don't have any idea what time he's on. A 50 FTL, which they bring back the color of his station that always had miniscule. That's always a real win or bring back the colors of a losing station. Let's see what they did in the morning on FTL. 0.4. Now, there's a number. There's second-liced in the entire list. So, like I said before, Steve Lapis got the minus touch in reverse. Air be think he tries everything he touches turns for rap. But who are we to talk? I'm not not going to anybody else not after the although, you know, I could sit here midday at least, at least we're hanging on, you know? At least we're still on the first page. And then, of course, if you started just taking in your mind, you know, 25 54 and 10 to 2 instead of the whole 10 to 3, and it could be a reasonably respectable number. And quite frankly, a guard against your one number as compared to some of the other stuff that's going on here. I think if we just had a lot more Drew Rosenhaus and a lot more of those great segments that parents have forced to define those guys and the square table of the right time, I think if we had the oblong table, it's going to be discreet. See, what you don't understand is because your kneel Rogers, only because your kneel Rogers can you draw an audience. It isn't because the other people are talking sports. You see, and what you're doing much better if you were talking for. I was talking for, I'm sorry. That's what they tell everyone all that time. Isn't really. When you bring up a site maybe if we talked about something. No, no, no, no, no. Well, Neil did well, that's because he's the legendary Neil Rogers. And he could talk about it. He didn't really get a hit. Yeah, all right. Take the shot. He gets it into the spot. Just some hockey stuff. There were my good buddy Joe Bowlin. Come on. Here we go. We play that disgraceful game from last night. Out of all five throughout all one, one by the way, just mention it in passing. 113 two votes on here. I think that by the time we bail out here at 145, we got a good shot. It's, oh yeah, we'll have 1200, easy, right? Oh, Chris. Yeah, you better. Yeah. See, he has agreed, he's so down in the dumps now. In fact, before Chris started working this station was kicking ass before he came on, and sure. That's for him. Wow. Yeah, let's blame somebody. We've got so much of this, say, you know, same old, same old on and on. These segments. I think our win bag is the, I think he's the, like the Trojan horse. Do you know what I mean? I have no idea what I mean by that. I think he's the evil doer. He's the anti-Christ. Our win bag. Andrew Rosenhausstein. And whilst we got to segments with all these chronic horrendous, roteskin, burracing, him of eating, be grating on, see, one gold. What, what, what the, oh, and gilding. He doesn't, yeah, he is so well. Or when he was doing that to two to four slot, let's put him on for, at least one or two days week to talk, hockey, then nobody cares about. The people who are running this radio station belonging a padded cell somewhere, trust me when I tell you, in a padded cell. But hey, you best dude. It's been worth my internship at the Uradings and Dying. Oh, well, I know I'm sure you want to pick ass and I was clear. And how? Rectons. Yeah, don't you get five somebody put it on the film. My piggy pants? Hey, maybe. I'll take some of the big come on back. I have sight of considering a look where the big counter-rag. If you want to know what I'll say, you can put that transmitted around. Why? That's easy. Sure. Or should be a small hole. Hurt the front of the ground. Or should be a small hole. And tell them that, or should be the big show. I don't know. Oh, I'm so busy. I think they're all time flush only that you take. Clap. Hey, said, my rating has bottomed out in the same. What's radio and the rebounding? Do us the biggest of all ones. And we do. Yes. All you need to know. How we get in the room. All you need to know. Oh, baby. Show. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. You have to wait a second. You have to wait a second. You have to wait a second. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Are you going to go by me? I'm going to. Come on, Mr. Shane. You ratings are dying now over there. I think maybe at a point. It's 11.44. Not's not the time 1233 is the time. All the numbers all the time. 11.44 on the pool. Which means we got 1200. And what's not to like, man. We got that highly rated hurricane basketball come up on 145. And maybe in between we can't interviews with our win and win bag. And the droros and steamberg grants shorts. What do you think? What? I said America is sitting on pins and needles waiting for that hurricane warm up with clearance to dero with Josh, aka clearance dero. Don't confuse me with the facts. I can't be bothered being programmed to rectoring because I'm busy. I'll be here being a UM hurricane that quiz lanes. I'll be there as well though. You're right. That's right. How much problem can you create with us over there? Good point. In fact, I think we ought to keep money. We're doing all kinds of like pick up games and whatever. Jack Spratt, Spat, WDQAM. Hello. No, I do. Okay. First, we be late at two. Thank you so much. And I just wanted to bring one thing up. I'm working with a guy. I'm over here for sure. I'm working with your radio show every day. Yeah. I want to do an atom. He wonders if he's going to turn into a flag. If he listens to your show. I absolutely, absolutely. We should do a poll on that. I want to tell him that he's listening to get rid of that damn model of your wearing. Why? These cut-fords can't handle it. Okay. Thank you. Great call. 5 6705 6DM. I just want to take calls between now and the one that ever to help we get out here day or day. I want to do. Just take as many calls as possible and then just collect on the floor and just lay there for wild. You know, staring at the ceiling. Like, oh, why me? You know, like how I'd be able to say? Why me? Remember that scene? Why me? I have chosen you. Preach this much to be. Why me? Of course you're on television, dummy. There you go. Mr. Bill. Why me? He was so great Peter French. And now he's dead. WDQAM. Hello. QAM. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Let me get the straighter taken. You off the air to put on UM basketball. We did that yesterday. We did it 130. It's only 145. That is correct. Good one. Good one. Good one. Not even the game, but the pregame show. Not even a game, but the pregame show. The warm up. Let me get my pencil and pad out to take notes. Okay. Okay. Okay. Sharpening up baby in your pencil, too. That's not good enough. You have to roll tape. Let's give them some pointers. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, I mean you know and of course the fact that then we got it on the middle right in the middle of the daytime. When the sun is shining and people are awake, not really late at night like a lot of times we have some of this stuff as kind of like filler. It's a fill in filler. No, I like that. But right in the middle of the daytime where the numbers actually mean something and there could be some business. But why should I hear? The chest keeps showing up a little bit early. I'm clearing it. What am I going to have like an app and flex you over this? Absolutely not. Absolutely. Possibly not. I think we're doing great. We're kicking ass. W2A and hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. You know I don't even work in radio obviously. I'm just needed to write. And I'm depressed. I mean this is that. Let me just make a comment. So whatever his name is, the big guy with the girls name came or whatever his name is. That guy has been around for so long. Who has he been with? Who has he sleeping with? Because I mean what we want. If he's in a Monday morning I'm sure he'll tell you. Might be all the details. The thing is is like given a long time ago I first heard him on the radio with Matt and Matt Dogg even sounded depressed being with them. You know what I mean? Kim was a great guy but he is personality challenge. As they sound a trade on the air a dollar. I hit to use that term. I've said that the minimum time before is a great guy. I like him a lot. Oh my god. And so if I was going to pick see and this is the thing when you put a line there other than trying to make risk gauge jokes about most of which are way over the line and they can't keep dumping. Oh, I'm going to nag. What is he going to talk about besides sports and sports and more sports because he's next job. What are they going to talk about? I just flipped up the dollar in the dictionary and get your right third. His picture is there. Okay. Next. Well, how is he going to go with the mobile stream? He's a good guy. He's saying. Let me have it 45 volts on the pull another coming in by the one. See, see how they jump off the bandbag into coming in by the trickling in by the ones. WDQ. WAM. Hello. They're going to talk to my just what? No. Yes. Oh, Kim Bo, can't for great conversation. I tell you why. He's an awesome football player and even better radio host. Yeah. Okay. Great. WDQ. Hello. Q. W.M. Yes. How you doing? Okay. Do you get more money if the station goes well on the home? Of course. Oh, okay. That's all you worried about. Then put it on that stupid game. Yeah. I'm worried about money, man. I'm really worried about money. I don't know what they're going to do. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Nice exit. Oh, right. That was outstanding. How do you do that? I don't know. Some age you freak. It's like those godfather drops that I come over. All the time. I know. You go home. Yeah. You go home. Yeah. You go home. You're not. WDQ. I am. Hello. I want to show the gappy. Hello. WDQ. I am. Hello. Q. Q. I am. Okay. WDQ. I am. Hello. Oh, maybe those are the balloon. Yeah. That was the balloon. Yeah. Oh, we can't do that. Q. I am. Not there. Q. I am. Hello. How do you sell a point seven mark a chair? Who's got a point seven? Well, I got a score 12 down up the dial. Yeah. I mean, how do you walk through a client's office? Well, what does that mean? What do you mean you have a sports? They kicked our ass in morning and afternoon. What are you talking about? So they kicked our ass. Wacky. Wacky. Wacky. No, they didn't. They got a point seven on all the time. They didn't. They didn't. They didn't. They didn't. Let me see if you again, sir. I just had the new trend come in. They kicked our ass. Oh, we're going to have some personal information. They said, you know, they both laughed. That was at it. One time they did. Yeah, one time. Some time. I feel, well, you know what? This time. And now is the time. Okay. I'm not giving them any, you know, any marks for the crap. They're putting on air. That's the whole point. That's the point. Something they're kicking ass. They're not doing great. But they're kicking our ass in morning drive. That's just unbelievable. Two eight. They have to do it. We got a two two. And a two six in the morning. We got a one seven. A one point seven share. Even in spite of gay or not gay and straight or not straight or a buyer, not buy or oblong or rather the square table. That's my favorite. We're giving a couple of bosos on the phone and ask them, well, does that's some of the dumbest questions in the history mankind? That is an ass kicking show. I'm telling. I think Kenny's right. I think right now those guys are doing a fabulous show. It's fucked up. Friday you best. Maybe you spend a lot of time around other men in the locker room. In the shower. Maybe you play to the NBA. You're retired. And you have the need to express yourself. Nothing says it better than a card. New from small mark. The team hardaway collection. Each card with a built-in ship opens to play a hard-felt best. I heard gay people. The team hardaway collection features the most offensive thoughts in a lovely package. Close-minded ignorant sentiments that question what's really going on with the sender. Oh, you know how that would be. No, how wide daithies. Say it with a card. When you play home of Soviet and protest too much, it's a cry for help. And a greeting. The next time you have an opinion that's inappropriate, but you just have to say it. Dig a hole for yourself by sending a card from the team hardaway collection. I hope they people. They're from small mark. You care enough to make a jackass of yourself. Hey, Jimmy. You're fair. Trust me. I think that's what we need to do is get a lot more of that on there. A lot more sports, man. If we can just get much, much more sports. I agree. Very one cent. Right. If we have seventy-five sports stations, it's going to bring a lot more people to sports stock radio. Right? That's already out. I said that with a straight face, everybody. It'll be a good thing. Oh my God. Yeah, I'm be great. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. We have one more hour calls here as well. We're going to do, I'm, you know, I got all kinds of stuff here about the former Major League pitcher from Del Racing, so seven years for drug dealing. Ricardo Jordan and Yadiyada Yadiyada. I don't care about any of it. I just don't care. New evidence about end of the cold and the autopsy. Certainly don't care about that. I need to shoot anybody else. I just don't know how to help. We're a trading water at this point. How we're still afloat, you know? Or you float. So M must be your float. Hey, you can divide. Slow and fly. It's one thing. I think begins with an F. Excuse me. For first. WQAM Hello. You know, heavy average out of big black one. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. Papa, Papa, Papa, Papa. WQAM Hello. Yeah, how's it going? Okay, sir. Hey, what do you think about that keeping last slide that I'm getting a Chris Simon's up? Didn't see it. Didn't see it. Didn't see it. I'm sorry. You got to find him. Why do you want to throw this stick in his throat? I'm sorry about it. So what about it? So what about it? What do you mean? What do I think? He's a dirty player. So what about it? What do you want to tell you? Talk sports with somebody else. Okay, loser. Okay, talk hockey with somebody else. Tall, cull, guilty. And work that number down to about a point. Zero zero. One millionth of a point. I think we're working on that in certain day parts. Just amazing how we've watched the degradation of what we used to have. It is just down and down and down and dropping and fading and just, you know, or we're just going to have to try harder to be the best dance sports station in the market. That's what Bruce Beesley said right to my face with a straight face. He said it. It's a mantra. They're all chatting. Just before he said, I believe in a good days. In honest days work for it. On his days pay. And I was thinking to myself, I believe in this honest day. Right. We all want to be the one of those things applies to you. 560, 5050, pound five 60 degrees in a regular wireless line. Hurricanes warm up at 145. Is it possible? Is it plausible? It is. WQAM. Hello. No, no, no. WQAM. Hello. Who am? See, I'm punching into this happening. All right. That's me. Good. You dummy. See that? I never even came up. Wow. This thing is honest. And I think that it's revolting. Really. That's it. I think the whole thing's revolving. QA, hello. Yeah, how are you doing? Okay. I'm sorry. Did I do not have any good check out the Miami Song Festival. There's this song called Glue. It's Argentine. It's the best song I've ever seen in my life. Really? You should check it out. It's the music comes out like I'm video or something. It's called Glue. It's not stupid or whatever. It doesn't really get into the drug thing or whatever. Like they're doing in the oven even though it's. It's like, you know, and a proverb like you would love it. No, they're perfect. Perfect. Like me, like so. I love you, Neil. See you. How many QAM, hello? Yeah. Yes. Good afternoon. Good afternoon, sir. I had like a public service and also. I didn't know Western and I could stop by the floor to Iowa patrol on the show. The show. Yeah. And he says my license plate is the safe because I had one of these. Miami Dolphin stickers that go on the. I saw that. I give you a message to get a bus. I'm going to say patriots. I figured that's the honest. But can you imagine that? Yes. The 30 degree Solomy. Yeah. 30. 30. We felony? Yeah. Really? Yeah. So I mean, you know, so you know, you may take a. But he should take it off. He must have been a patriot. Sam. Yeah. There you go. Okay. We'll take it off and leave it off. Turn it off. Like Howard Beale said. Turn it off and leave it off. Is no one Howard Beale said? Yes. It's a good. Something like. Listen to me. Television is not the truth. So turn off. Coach, television says. Don't move. Right in the middle of the set. There you go. And before one at five, 60 WQA, I'm happy Friday to a man, oh man. This has been a real day of it started on such a you for a guy. And on everything was just hunky, dory and Jim Dory. Mm-hmm. And all of a sudden we got those numbers came out. I maybe that was an moment. Maybe that maybe my fast wish he was trying to reject that crap. That could be. I doubt it. WQA, I'm home. Hello there. How you doing? Okay. I heard the morning, Shug Zay. And they said, yes, Penny was talking about your. Show is better. What is that mean? What is that mean? Well, that your show was better. Yeah, when he was talking about listening to a better show. Yeah. That was your show. Yeah, hand. Oh, that's all. Okay. Yeah, okay. Thanks, Kenny. Our show is better near show. Well, at least the numbers are anyway. I'll say to that. But no context. WQA, I'm hello. Okay. You know, the interesting part of it is this. I mean, there's so many interesting and frustrating and then in Go to Scandinavian and Sickening parts of it. But part of it is this. Yeah. It's not, it's neither fish nor foul. Some people would say, I don't come no foul or net with all the respect of the lately. Follow. It's either fish or foul. In other words, make up your mind. What do you want to have? Do you want to have an entertainment driven show? A comedy show? A entertainment based show in the morning. Or, or do you want to continue beating yourself over the head and try to force a nonstop sportscraft down the sorts of people that want to hear it 24-7. We may get your mind with one of those. What should you have to choose? And so as we saw, these guys are trying to do both. And they got to do a do a Rosenshush, Michael in there and all these other people. And I were win bag and all these prefabricated segments. And what have I been telling you, man? What have I told you? Sure. Absolutely. Killer. Yeah, but what do you know? Death wish. Oh, I know nothing. I know the text you show up. WDQAM. Hello. Surrier. Surrier. Surrier. Surrier. Surrier. Surrier. Surrier. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You think he was serious, Kevin? WDQAM. Hello. Did you hear the news? Can I say? Stop. Stop. It's fuck. When you say, what's like a candidate sucks? Like a candidate sucks. Like a candidate sucks. Okay. You stay right there where you belong, pal. Okay. We don't want your kind here. Believe me what I'd tell you. Just listen to these calls I'm going to show. And that'll be a real good clue as to what South Florida's all a boot. A. WDQAM. Hello. Deal. Yes. I have a question for you. Back to the days. You were like you were there, you're on air. And you were just gone for like the year. And they were just terrible. And once. What happened? What was the whole deal? They paid me to go away because I was coming over to QAM and they did mommy on a promoting that fact. And so they paid me for seven months to go to Europe and have a great time and be a perfect and that's all. And need or go. Okay. Cool. It was cool. I've been a fact. I'll take it right now. I'll say it almost two years left. You need check right now. I'll go away. Have a fantastic time. Let me fit. Let me not. Let me see. Let me see. Let me see. Let me see. Let me see. Let me see. Let me see. Let me see. Let me see. Give me your bullets. And enough. Okay. Let me see. Thealnya gets too sick. Make sure she cook the noodles sakes. Me. Because she does not burn the noodles. She works with the noodles right now. He is reallyoooooo incredibly violent. We have the same HIV in the face. What? Yeah. Yeah, you know the morning show I think has gotten a little better I can turn when it first came on was that it was gonna be a Y100 replica and they got in the way from a lot of that stupid silliness They're still a little bit of it. They play some annoying clapping thing all the time and there's a lot of stupid giggling in the background a lot But it has gotten a lot better the mix of sport and some non-sports stuff It's pretty good. Yeah, you can tell I've seen like your foot is in the ratings We've no question you got a 1.7 share on this radio station and you must be really kicking some small ears I mean, you know, there's a guy's and I and I listen No, I'm not way way way. I'm not saying they're not good guys. Can he walk or I don't know if he walked in here right now I wouldn't have any idea who was Kimba's a great guy But but it isn't a question whether they're good guys There's a lot of good guys out there but the question is are people in listen to them? That's the question Well, and like I said I think you thought would a stuck with But they did can he did some of that Y100 stuff in the beginning where he was through the phone call with the old Jewish guy voice And it was very very annoying and I don't listen to Y100 for that reason I didn't want him on QAM But but I think they're starting to get a right a good mix Okay, well, let's see when you say a lot of wrong up there Just don't know There's numbers wow wow wow wow. I want to read just Jan that phone. I don't holy moly. I don't feed that W2Q a m hello See this this thing is it's I know this was fine for a few days, but I was away It's happening to me too. I can't control them either. I see And oh Yeah, whoop a boop a boop your ass. WQ a m hello See another this thing is totally a screw up now So now it's not bad enough that the numbers sucked and so bad enough We got this awful basketball game coming up 145 But now I'll back to a check-in of his answer and you want to know why because we like to mix it up a little bit on This is not a tomb if the one the two hour WQ a is proud to bring you the WQ a and school of broadcasting Yes, you too can have an illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio If you follow our curricula the course is free of course you'll work for free Call 1-800-1-B and speak to our director of education Mr. Letty Marjan Just You I know baby, we have to hide so much of them. And I'll pin you a book's toe and page it. Watching. Okay, that's the me. And, uh, Nah, that's why I wanted to read the game. And, don't forget, make sure we're going to go see one of them. Yes, it's the wonderful world of radio. Ah, radio. Where you can hear your own voice. Let the WQA and school of broadcasting provide you with the essential tools you'll need to make your WIP radio dreams come true. I mean, uh, one point. Where will you live? Come 12, let's get a right come 12. It's a 103 or five 60 WQA. You only got 42 minutes before that big pregame show. The RECAns and BC and the ACC tour, the all the initials, all the time in Tampa with Clarence or CV and, uh, and whatever. And Josie. 560. Come on, let's get some real intellectual input here today on these numbers and on the Fate of, uh, Amber. I think, uh, I think it's all finished. I thought a year ago that A.M. radio was done. And of course FM radio now, see that's the one. That's really finished. Now, all the new gadgets that everybody's got. They got their own music. They got their iPod, new pod, my pod, and all the other stuff. Ignition music on the damn cell phone. Where would they want it? Music that they like, music that they want to hear, as opposed to the gross, test-play program music on the floor to ZFM radio station. So you put that all together and you got your own. I'm serious. Sir? Sir, yes. Uh, 560, 560, 560, they've arrived in singular wireless time. I bet you Joe Bell is out there right now. We'll then deal with it. Get a big billboard campaign going for us. Uh, yeah. You'll see. WDQAN, hello. A.M. How you doing? OK, sir. I thought I'd seen everything, but you're out of town. You're probably missed this. I turned on the TV the other night. And they're shocked giving Josh Friedman a kid. I love it. I'll tell you. I will win back. It's not too happy about it. I bet he's jealous, yeah. Yes. OK, thanks for the bulletin. Alright. 560, 560, and you know the rest. WDQAN, hello. Naili? Yes, sir. How you doing, buddy? OK, pali. Hey, listen. You know what I'm like doing? I'm like listening to music. You want to listen to music with me? Sure, no problem. Alright, I got you. I got you. There you go. There we are. I like my back. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I'm not a lot of lot of lot of this. I'm going to play that one to the basketball game. It'll fix their ass. Sounds good. 560, 560, 560, 560, and they've arrived in singular. Wireless line. WDQAN, going out of business. Hello. Mr. Roger. Yes, sir, Mr. Collar. You catch the season from your soft park this week. No, but everybody tells me it was great. I'm going to have a few. How about you, George? Yep. Did you see the series before that one was? They took our job. Did you hear the dude? I've never seen how one. That was a great one. Yes, otherwise. You have a good day now. Okay, thanks, Kelly. Everybody tells me I'm better see that. I had a whole old run down on. Yeah. Whatever. 560, 560, and 560, and 560, and they've arrived in singular. Wireless line. 1175, and a pool. We got 1200 lake board. Chris is going to write that on his arm. Just like in Momento. Yeah, I'll talk to you. If you watch Momento by the way, then we haven't talked about the Easter eggs in a long time. No way, no. In fact, it's not that far away. Easter is a lot of talk about Easter eggs. Not the kind of you put in the Tisket of Tasket. Is that your basket? But the kind that you can watch the whole of DV. All those hidden things on the DVD. Right. Which I still think is really stupid. I mean, when you pay money to buy a DVD, shouldn't you know? I mean, to be some kind of like secret cult or secret mystery about fighting the hidden features and how to watch Momento chronologically from beginning to end as opposed to like finding out that the whole damn thing was asked backward. Well, that's the whole idea is to give you something fun to do. You know, searching around for all the little hidden secrets. I see. Come to the QAM. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You're a fine man. Yeah. Can you play the OJ? No, juice? No. No. When I want to request now, sir, we want to do a get with it. Why, listen, listen, I'm going to make you a challenge, okay? Sir, we'll get. Say something. Don't tell me to play something. Say something. Give us an opinion. Give us a thought. Give us an idea. Say something. Oh, you're a pound. There you go. See, it was not that bad. Oh, it was painless. He said, hi, a pound. Yes. What? We laughing about it was how to say I got to say something. It should be. Can you play this? Can you play that? I can't. No, what you're ready to show. That's right. That's not what we can do for you. Ask what you can do for your damn radio show. You knit with. WQAM. Hello. Can put sports radio in the basket. That is correct. With that in the cool QAM. Hello. A new? Yes, sir. And George? Yeah. Oh, what's on first? Woo! I made that with Bobby again, you know? Bobby McGee. No, the Bobby from our my space page. I wanted to was a hey. Give me a shot. Boba, Boba, Boba, what somebody says give me a shot. I was, that's usually a pretty good clue. What the, what a little like that. What the, what he goes out of his way. Ask what the call in number is, which how many times every hour do I say it? About 30,000 hours. About 30,000 hours. And evidently Bobby isn't swift enough to pick it up when I say it. So I had a write it out for him, you know, like in short hand. And then he tells me that he called in the other day and made some kind of silly sound on the ear. It was just great. It was great. I was at the hour. Yeah. It's a little bit. Yeah. And you're a boyfriend by the way. You're a new fanboy friend and when I was going to hook you up with the lunch and the check that was going to be in the fire. He's a gun. Yeah. He was profiled still there, but he is not with us. He's no longer with us. He isn't, you know, he's vanished. So he threw a M. Hello. Q.A.M. Well, that one just vanished too. Maybe we'll do all the vanishing act. Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, well, at this point, are you just in it for the money or? Yes. Okay. Okay. It's all works here. That was a column. That's so, you know, you've come far from the days and used to do it for free. It used to be a good work. That's right. Just for the money. Q.A.M. Hello. I'm sure he goes to work every day for the love of mankind. Q.A.M. Hello. Not there. W.Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Ola. Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Work must be slow today. He's so horny. W.Q.A.M. Hello. I thought that you were working for free, but I think that was good. Oh. Yeah. Are you there? I don't like being normal. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Why? I don't like being normal. I don't like being normal. 560, 560, 560, 560, or there's nudie. nudie's confession there on CNN. He's a flanderer. So that was some kind of a big secret or whatever. W.Q.A.M. Hello. God bless me. W.Q.A.M. Hello. W.Q.A.M. Hello. I don't need any George. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes. Can I hold for the lightning run? You're in it. Thank you. W.Q.A.M. Hello. My words on air. In my home and famous. Thank you. The guru nods. Okay. It's usually a hurry. What if you're in the mode or walking for better freight and Playing in the medications and making it worse. Also a low street艰mbals. The folks on offensively are Nigeria. of the year 2030. I'll probably be dead by the Entour in 43. That's my vote. I'm sure of it now. I'll tell my grandkids who's all witties fall at 230. I'm out of here. Hello, Canada and hockey fans 146. I still want my social security church stand up. I'm 34. I better start learning Chinese now 117. I hate this poll 82. Just disconnect me from my QU, but 60. Lane president Jenna Bush 38. Guess I'll have to move it to a cardboard box 29. I ain't paying any more taxes to Wuckel San 28. Al-World will have made a documentary about it by then 20. How am I gonna afford my nursing home 20? Well, I still be able to use my credit cards 18. I'm moving it on to ground bunker 15 and I'll strip my wrist 3. Oh God, we can only pray which three those might be. Are you anticipating your words about ablanement 15? You're all Covered at the stars and star and at the doubts, Got a brother pen, In the boat of this echo, Meta, That's just the approach through the air All clear, Where is it? Let us see, What's the answer? What is the answer? What is the answer? What is the answer? What is the answer? Let us see, What is the answer? We don't pay, You'll let us see, Let us see, Let the clean light and get me dead. Then, Don't try and look up with your dead blood And call the stars, I know it's the honor of the earth. Let you kill the rice, All the more of the truth, I will share the word if I call the earth. Let that count as the right thing, Let your rock come and walk, Let your hope and hope, Now that that says, For our love, The shaming gods, It's bad, So we're in full fire, Or what your goal, Like it's rich, Or push to, With it a match, Right beside, Don't let up, That's just in your fun, Through us in the air, All the things, That's the best thing, That's the best thing, That's the best thing, That's the best thing, Okay, Once you've achieved it, Five, six, You've got to be kidding, We've got only a half an hour less, 28 minutes until like big pregame show. All right, Here's the guidance, And the clearance and the beast and all these things. Yeah? Now, I'm just going to take a rest. Okay, the firm, What we got 121, How do you like that, Chris? We got 12-0-1, 12-1, That's legendary, Really is the legendary and legendary, The legendary, the legendary, the legendary, I think, Yeah, I'm going to go out like a fool of these people. Of course, You'll be a one thing about him, Like you said, In fact, A movable, I've talked into a burger, Talk into a brick wall. Well, What do you think about, And just like his idea about the tapes, You know, One thing about your man, He's consistent. Every concept he comes up with is disaster. It's a disaster. It's insanity. It's maniacal. It's lunacy. But nevertheless. 5-67056. You're thinking it's so appropriate that there is nobody in management there today, But we're just kind of like drifting, Like a trip as well. Ship a drift at sea, You know, I'll be better, A specific somewhere. Maybe we'll be lucky, And we're kind of like drifting down the South Pacific. We'll find our own island. WDQAM hello. We still under two hours. That was very enthusiastic, wasn't it? Oh, That was really something. WDQAM hello. Yes, sir. You know, If you'll just work with clearance on some hot button sports topics, Right. You'll just work with clearance on some hot button sports topics. Right. You'll just take the two shares. Yeah, okay, but thanks, buddy. There's buddy bug-packs and with those hot button issues. Yeah. Could be. Yeah, if you just get over on those hot button issues, All these radio mavens man, all these experts, all these programmers. I'm not talking about the color. I'm talking about the idiot, like bug-packs and who fell into a bucket of crap and made millions and millions and millions and millions. And millions, talk about a hypocrite. Good guy. Talk about a phony. And then according to a Maria dea, X, what was she a stripper or something? But we heard whatever she was. WDQAM hello. Wow, I'll be your first time long time. Really? Move the way for years ago. I'm a red laser sir. Oh, how to get out. And I'm just driving, I was down on Bureau of pizza. Let me see if I can pick up Neil. I drove all the way back up to where I live. I'm getting close to Forte Navajo and can still hear you. All right. That is, to cool. And it is great signal, low audience. Yeah, too, but so great radio accident today. Okay, thanks, pal. Thank you. Congratulations. Don't come back anytime soon if you're smart. Twenty past the, why don't you get some music ready? I'm a material. I've heard here. I mean, no, we got twenty five minutes, but always be prepared. That's my one. I told A, said those memes all the time that I was back this Joaquin again. Mm-hmm. And I didn't have another record queue up. It was always a panic about not being prepared. What the get this business man, be prepared. Especially when you work for people like we do. Be prepared for a disaster. Be prepared for something really negative. Now let's see. Which one do I want to play today? The baptism? I don't know, is our setting is acting a big thing. I like that. Oh. Oh. I sound quite in the list. And I'm back quite in. Very easy. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Whoa. Woo. Okay, I think I got that also. Also, you two minutes long, 124 votes on the 4-by-o. For those who are keeping track. WQAM Hello. QAM Hello. You? Yes sir. I eat those over there. You cook them over there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, with Roller-Share. I'm sure I'm 5, 6, and we've rise them. Sing it a lot of slime. WQAM Hello. I'll bring back to Roller and we'll get problems dissolved. Yeah, there you go. All your license is solved. Yes, another thing about this morning show all I've just. It seems to me the concept is to find that line. It's called, you know, the lose your license line. And to keep tip-tooling and dancing across it as much as you possibly can. Very often going way beyond that line. And then like, ah! And everybody is just, it's like, like about 40 setty closes over certain fellow of the Sky and they all fell in that studio. They're all just laughing up roaringously and slap it and tell them on the back. And ah! Ha ha ha! You know! And I think to myself, Jesus, you have must have been something really good, you know? I must have missed the punch line. I must have something incredibly funny. It's going over your head. That's what. Now that must be it. And that's because it's sports talk. You know, I'm not qualified being the old fag prove that I am. I'm just not qualified to be in with that heavy-do-de-sports craft, man. Way beyond me. I just don't get it. WQAM Hello. QAM. Oh, I'm looking at it. This is associate producer as a, ah! Ah! It's time to, well I'll be damned. You think those dots are going to come? The green lights are flashing. Yes. You see if it works. QAM Hello, good afternoon sir. Yes sir. Okay. Come over real quick things here. Cracker bells open in Florida City. And what did you think it at this assignment put on? WQAM Hello. Hello. You're a god. Yes sir. Yes. You're a god. Yeah. Go back ahead. I can't do this. WQAM Hello. Anyhow you know who's giving you crazy other day with old Scott for real. Was he really? Yeah. Oh, you, you, you, you want a great buddy of mine all I love. No, I'm not. I'm not that great buddy of his. He's not anybody of his. Okay. I want to see him. I don't want to smell him. I don't want to know from him. I don't want to hear about him. I don't want to know with him. Okay. He is the biggest, you know, hand told me about him the week that he started. I'm in the station. He was going to do my show and hey, came in. He said he's a bull, a BS artist, you know, volatious. And then he talks a lot of crap. And that's right. Everybody says best buddy. When he was in New York, he beat Steer and asked what your courses are total of bunch of crap. And he did this. He did that. Nothing ever did was get canned. Everywhere he ever worked. I mean, just totally out of control. But that's going to solve our problems. Let's get for real back. What do you think? What? Waterpike. There you go. That'll do it. 12.05 under pull. We got a lot of votes under pull. Not a lot of listeners on the station anymore. But that's going to change to 145. Then you'll see. Then stay with two races. You rocked. More pretty. 560. You go the ball. Go the ball. Go the ball. Go the ball. Go the ball. Go the ball. Go the ball. Go the ball. The miracle of modern medical science. And labels us to take you inside the sport-hole line. Listen closely. And you will hear the process of thought inside the mind of a sport-hole. Go the ball. Go the ball. At 560 WQAM, we actually cater to these individuals. By force feeding them sports 20 hours in day. And why not? Nothing helps us going on. Far beyond the heart of the life is. It is our deepest hope that he can afford at the MWU. Go the ball. Go the ball. Let's touch him and see what he does. Go the ball. Go the ball. Go the ball. Go the ball. Interactive and movable impossible. I think all of those things. It's 130 QM-150 minutes away from hurricanes warm up. The ride. What more could you want? It's life's sweeter. Yeah. Some are full. I'm going to be resolved again because it's an embarrassing call. It's better to think I'll get to some of my stuff here because obviously the cause. We've exhausted so many phenomenal calls here today. In fact, I'm just exhausted. All there is one here. WQAM. Hello. Hey Neil, how's it going? OK sir. Hey, listen. I've got to have a car. Got back in. Can I hear you say, yeah. So we've got for real. Back over radio. And I want? You said something about how to stop for real. You said that's what we need to have Scottie back on. I don't say that. I was being sarcastic. That's how we're saying. OK. I'm going to put I heard. But anyway, I got a new vehicle that came with the serious satellite. Yeah. Which isn't too bad. But he's on it. Night on. No, that. It's pretty good man. It's pretty funny. He's able to do the stuff that got even shoveled down here. Right. Nice talk to you Neil. Good place for him. OK. Thanks a lot, Neil. Keep him out of our face. He was left handed, pinched with a killer curve ball. A local boy who made it to the big leagues. It's for a story. I'll write. Clarence is so proud. How does it pick up? A standout at Atlantic High School in Del Rey Beach. Ricardo Jordan pitch shot out to hit on was before. Joining the minor leagues and eventually shooting off for the majors. During his short career, he pitched the total 69 games for the blue days. Fill his messing reds before being released by the reds in 90. Now Jordan is going to prison. Sometimes between the time he played his last professional baseball game and March 2006, Jordan turned to the queer of selling durums. It was not a casual small time in Del Rey. Jordan 36 played a good idea. He served to court to three counts of trafficking in cocaine. And one cutie to sell in distribution in marriage of weeny baby. A lot's out for that marriage of weeny. He was sentenced to seven years in prison. A maximum added to a sentence for selling more than 200 grams of cocaine. He was facing a max of two hundred and five years in prison after being charged with selling drugs to one of the coverage. In some three occasions, last March and August in Del Rey Beach. Assistant to turn the URL, he said, Jordan was a middle-level drug dealer who was selling powder cocaine and happened to her, a hydraulic panic mirror. He was a hydraulic manager, and especially a potent form of weed harvested in grow houses. It kind of George is just dying for right now. I got to know. I don't know where they was dealing with other coverage from Del Rey Beach Police in the Drug Enforcement Administration. Jordan sold the drugs from his Del Rey Beach home on. Jagger Drive twice. J-E-E-G-E-R. Jagger Drive twice and Medagens for another bite of restaurant on West London Boulevard. The largest cocaine by was worth 58-her bucks. He also sold a pound of wacky weed for $4,500 for to be put in the bullplay bar. Any interest? Nobody here? No. Another drug dealer. Extra. Well, so I go. Goes with a territory. So what do you think about that? I said, I'll just say they're all hockey fans. Because there was some ugly hit and some unnecessary by some goon, some thug. And that's there. Come on, wall, hit somebody. Wall, hit somebody. Well, you people though about hockey and so forth. I could stick into a thimble and have room for my fat pimple. I slept over how do you like that. And for every other pimple, I still don't know. They're all fit in there. The Florida Panthers, it's a phantom franchise. It doesn't even exist. It's not even for real. Phantom franchise. W-2-A-M-H-O. Well, I don't. I'm doing great. Listen, I've been listening to you guys show forever. I mean, I'm not 100, but a long time. That morning show that you guys got now, absolutely the worst morning show ever. Let's just know chemistry between Bow and Kenny. It's just, it's strange. You feel it. It's just, it's fake. It's forced. You know, I used to listen to you guys all the time in the morning, Hank and whoever else was on there. And even Joe when he was there. And I find myself there to want some more. Just morning, well, morning drive blows. I mean, you just just nothing to listen to. You bounce off between the idiot, mad cow, man cow, whatever the hell he is. He's awful. And then you listen to the feedy awful. You've been seeing this? Oh my God. I had a radio accident. I accidentally stumbled upon him. I was just about to row trying to change the channels. Good, golly. It was bad. I mean, it just, honestly, I just, I listened to him. Most of the videos I'm figuring out to get his body to. Yeah, it's pretty bad. I just listened to you guys from ten to two. I turned the radio off and then I just listened to my downloaded Stern tapes from the bit 20. Well God bless America. Yeah, that's it. I think it's been a change of morning. Thanks, bye. Yeah, but that's where it's table man. Let's do it. And of course, straight or not straight. That's my favorite segment. Heterro or Homo or see where tell me that this is the thing. Because I don't listen to FM morning shows. And of course, being an old toad like I am. See, once upon a time they didn't do that. You know, back when we were actually wanted to listen. But now everything is a, when we're abricated segment. So here's the square table. Here's the of Garenake. Here's Drew Rosenstein, Schwartz, France. Here's our win bag. You know what I mean? Oh, who went over it. Oh, yeah, how about a little bit of flow there? You know, like I'm in sure, we don't have like a segment. We go with a flow baby. But listen, this is a tried and true formula that works every time. I can see that. Let me read those numbers again. Like, like men and they look like women. Well, they come down for seven or 11th and 20th day. I'm great. They probably hang you shall across the USA. What do you call her? What does this I hear? The sky and down a who? There's a bunch of squares again this year who say, But I wish for, oh, God loves the A-ish. And let's, of course, you're gay. If you are a lot of B-margin, a puns in the past day, you can be above a bucket of sump, short, and that's okay. But you can't be a you should be a. Now the order of a party, and those eminences create, I've delivered this pronouncement upon the blessed day. Short a little bit of heaven, far, and less of a thing. But you're gone, straight to hell, the whole sexuality. Oh, God loves the A-ish. As long as men are men, it's a, perhaps, of the cards we've never been taught of ever. We've been drunk and Ireland, Trunks, the Laven All Away. But you can't be a you should be a. Okay, God, you can't be a you should be a you should be a. Don't even pay a fee, and a you should be a you. You're married. 141 at 5.60 WQA. I'm happy weekend to your man. Hope everybody has a wonderful weekend in a splendid time, and a spectacular life. And I pay you, he's spaking. Yeah, there you go. Thank you, spaking. Shmaki. Anyway, we got that big free game show coming up. So all the dials around town are going to be like moving the off position. Come on, and play a few votes on the full of them. Not too shabby for a really very marginal pull, if I say so myself. Do you think it was a marginal advantage? Yes, it was. It wasn't one of Charlie B's better ever. But I got a pile about 700 of his really good pulls. I'm saving them for the future. Just in case we decided to come back. All right. Yeah. And you know what really pisses me off his real losers across the street. Now they're going to be saying, Oh, look at the end. Of course, Barry Jack has to be writing about in the hero. And the ticket kicks to a. I'm saying, I still want to get after going drive. You know what they're going to be doing. Like, I think that's something going. And not mentioning you, of course. Oh, first not. I mean, this isn't those sports show. Does this even count? Oh, first not. This is just follow the wrong man. This is just with and proof or whatever it is. Well, there's everything you want me to tell Barry. Just let me know and I'll tell him when I see him at UM. Yeah, I'll tell him. This is what you ought to tell Barry. You fair. That's all. Probably like huh? No, like, like, uh, oh, no, no, no, no, no. You fair. You say you're fair. He'll turn around immediately. He'll know who you're talking to. Very jackass. Hey, make sure that mommy don't mix up the peanut butter and jelly with the Belonies sandwiches next week, Barry. You little quizzling, you little turd. You fair idiot. Well, the terrible has a relationship with the Ryan Cestius relationship. Okay. But you know something? They kicked their ass and morning drive an afternoon drive. And that's in person. And a ballpark for a very long time. They weren't in the ballpark until Joe, uh, Jersey Joe Bell decided he was a radio maven. And so he thought he knew something. And that of course, it all happens when people think they knew something. What? Then they become really dangerous. Then we should fear them as he will say goes. I don't know how long this thing will come. I like a funeral, dudes. And I think it's very appropriate. And more ways than one. Kings of B.C. Baby, A.C.C. from Tampa. Don't reach for that guy yet now. We're going to enjoy this. You can take that. I'm Ryan, I'm the man. And it's a pickup bar right. Pick it up and keep it. With the post on this thing. I'm going to be a positive because I'm not sure it's going to last long enough to go there. Well, no, I'm not going to make sure I don't want to music to run out. And then be sitting there with just their, uh, you know, and it's weird music while to murder just in case. Now, listen, listen, make it. Trust me what I said, but it all time do it. I'm the power of Christ, the power of your mouth. The power of Christ, the power of your mouth. Because the power of Christ and the power of you The power of Christ, the power of your mouth. The power of Christ and the power of your mouth absorbed board. The power of Christ comes up as your home's power of Christ. The power of Christ, the power of you the power of Christ, the power of You, the power of Christ, and the power of your mouth. The power of rice is now on the plate Okay, baby Stop, baby Stop, baby The power of rice is now You and I Go, no, no, no, no, no, no, go N Ecang Uh, yes Do you know that?