New York Yaaaaa Who's who? Yes Just your day ball Drop your day ball over the moon You're very tall We gotta win the game Get it Then drop your day ball It's all you need Oh Oh I'll go right away Christian who? No, that game ball Get it Come on now Come on Hey, man Other My dog is so rich Oh Yeah Hey, stop Oh Good Who make every body day Keep driving días Or debrief you Stay Drap your game O ông Ah Oh I love that war. You're a little sad. You pull off your grits arms. I'm such a little fun. I'm such a little fun. I'm such a little fun. You're a little bit, you're a little bit. Stop your pay, mom. Yeah. You're a little man. Oh man. Yeah. Straight, straight, straight, straight. You're a little bit, you're a little bit. You're a little bit scared. You're a little bit scared. You're a little bit scared. You're a little bit scared. You're a little bit scared. You're a little bit scared. You're a little bit scared. 10 or 3 at 5, 60 WKM, I guess everybody owes him hard away. Thanks. Thank you Tim because nobody's got something to talk about. You're fairie. And of course we all know about basketball and football and hockey. You know what? That's a game club you want. You want to take showers after the game. Nick had to gather a snap each other on the ass with towels and teaching. Especially like in high school in college. Chase each other around a lot. I should have chased him park around a lot, but I would have gotten a knuckle sandwich. I wish I had a chance to relive that. Oh, good God. What do what that means swimming naked in gym class? It's a deep club you want. It's a lot of that going around. Anyway, we'll get to that. And I have a lot of kinds of stuff about that. First, I get Larry send me to see me all this morning. This is kind of cute. It says after hearing about your friend's story with a comforter in your episode coming back to the building thought I would pass this along. Did you see this? No. Oh. 60 is the worst age to be. You always feel like you have to pee in most of the time you stand there and nothing comes out. Oh, that's nothing. Said the 70 year old. When you're 70, you don't have a bowel movement anymore. You take laxative, z-brand, sit on the toilet all day and nothing comes out. Actually, he said the 80 year old 80 is the worst age of all. You have trouble paying 2 as the 60 year old. No IP every morning at 6 o'clock. I'd pee like a race horse on a flat rock. No problem at all. So do you have a problem with your bowel movement? No, I have one every morning at 6 30. Exhaust rate of the 60 year old said, you pee every morning at 6 and have a bowel movement every morning at 6 30. So what's so bad about being 80? I don't wake up until 7 o'clock. I thought that was kind of cute. That was very good. And in my close personal friends, Steven's got a long lengthy email about the Tim Hardaway thing, which is actually expression I'll read on the internet. And I've said to the epitome though, the whole South Florida scene though is the stray about the old lady. That's the real story. The 80 year old woman. The airfield beach. A woman living in the Department of Motor Vehicles office where she went for a state-order driver's license retest accidentally tied her car into the building Wednesday. Slightly injuring several people to Florida highway patrol said, Theresa Smith, just a mere 80 of Boko. Why forget to play the Boko song yesterday? Don't let me forget to do that to the whole. Don't forget. Was easing out of a parking spot. She was easing out of a parking spot in the office at 100 South Military Trail about 430 pm when she stepped on the gas too hard. Oh, don't do it, Theresa. So, telling her 1990 Mercury Grand Marquee over a concrete parking block out of the sidewalk throw metal parking sign into the windows of the D&D office. Sergeant Mark Wysaki, the FHB spokesman said. Over the concrete parking block, onto the sidewalk throw metal parking sign into the windows of the D&D office. Seven people that were in the office waiting room in the crash happened. We're taking north-brower medical center with minor injuries. The fourth was also heard but didn't need to be taken to hospital. People were injured from flying glass from falling out of the people by Socky said that luckily nobody was actually hit by the car. Thanks God. Trooper cited Smith for careless driving. They're handling the case because technically the crash happened on state property. FHP officials didn't know why Smith had been ordered to be a re-examined for driver's license but they said they would be looking into it. Although Smith couldn't complete the retest Wednesday because the passenger side to overcar was broken and couldn't be open for a DMV staffer. Smith's license remains valid why Socky said. Of course Smith wore sunglasses and sat quietly in a plastic chair in front of the office doors as above and now after the crash a tow truck pulled the white brand marquee out of the office. The car had only small dentists and scrapes. Thanks God. The DMV office was covered in bits of glass in the large section of the floor to see the windows that shattered in the crash. Waiting room chairs, 10 waiting room chairs were ripped over. Drabbed many blinds were twisted in torn. The employees wanted to talk openly about it. Socky, here you go. Socky, if you're breathing, here is your license. No problem. I told you my mother was 90 years old. She got a six year renewal in the mail in the mail. She could have been deaf dumb blind. A quadruple amputee and she got a renewal in the mail. I didn't like that. Mm-hmm. She liked it. Also before we get to this whole tim harder way thing which I'm sure will take a substantial part of the show because when it comes to matters, you're talking to the ultimate fag. See this is the thing that really cracks me up. It's when ignorant, uneducated people. Talk about homosexuality or something they know nothing about. And when you're dealing with dumb jokes, who are, I mean, why should even be a surprise that dumb jokes are homophobic? It goes with a territory. Most of them politically are white wing. Almost every time you see a dumb joke run for offices is a white wing or like Jim Bunning and Kentucky. Who's a crazy person? And let me say one other thing too. And then this is really the MS. If a little bit of story just like to think about Michael, what's his name from the show that I never watched. What's that was his name? Richard. Michael Richard. Sorry. See, I'll decide out of mine. Not a dude. A bigger person? Well, he liked to tell people that he was but he, well, whatever. But if it's somebody who has some comment about not liking black people or not liking his Hispanic people or not liking Jews, you can't do that. I mean, they will pillure you. They'll rip you an ass. Those aren't lifestyle choices. No, are they? Right. Being a homosexual, of course, is a choice. I mean, anybody who makes such a statement like that is just looking for an excuse to be a bigot. Take it for me. No more than anybody chooses to be attracted to a member of the opposite sex. Nobody chooses to be attracted. It's a sudden saying, oh, you chose to be attracted to Rocky Road. Do you sat down one day and you decided that Rocky Road was going to do a tap dance on your taste buds? How stupid is that? And the no ice cream was going to be boring. See, I'm getting too worked up already. I'm going to have to drink a lot of the stud soda. Like that. But anyway, before we get into that, it just matter of fact that gaze at the last bastion of, you know, you can rip and you can attack in America because America is light years behind most of the rest of the civilized world. And while we have legalized game origin Canada, you know, in America, it's a lightning rod issue for a bunch of right wing lunatics. Oh, the Bible says the Bible, yeah. Shove it. Bob will written by a bunch of ignorant, more wanticles, invaciles. Anyway, Erica Farber, thank you so much, Erica, from radio and records. This is a real feather in my cap to use another tried stupid cliches, speaking of stupid. And open for them. There you go. Is your present. Like that. I better make some teetering this break. Why thought I was doing fine, didn't I? I saw it. Sounded fine. It's been before the show. It was doing great now. It's been all worked up because Tim Hardaway's comments, you know, just drink some. Hey, Tim, you're fair. Erica, this isn't behalf of all of us at radio and records. Congratulations, Neil, on your nomination. As news talk, local first and now the of the year, we hope you'll display this certificate probably. It's got a certificate here, which I've got a copy, a facts copy. Two thousand seven industry achievement award presented. Neil Rogers WQN and recognition of your nomination as news talk. Local personality of the year. Of course, I'm probably the only one who's not syndicated in the country, which that's why the only local, you know. It says that our in our news talk industry achievement award. When there's a be announced at the upcoming our in our talk radio. Similar being held in Marina Del Rey C. California at the Marriott Marceille to 10. We do hope that you will be joining us in person. However, in the event that you don't plan on sending, let us donate somebody to accept your award in the event your name is announced. Also, I'm just nominated. I haven't been, uh, won the award, is that? You've just been nominated, right? What does that mean? Nothing. What a nice look in the piece of papers. Sure is. It's great. For more information about our upcoming scenario, visit our website at radioandrecord.com and click on the conventions. So it says once again, congratulations on your nomination. Hope you can join us in March, kind of streetgirl. This is in LA. Oh Haven't been as producer will be heading out there now is is Brady Quinn gonna be there to get measured He should be if he's smart now. I see Bobby more than happy to hold the measuring stick you'd like to go out there with him to watch his workout No, but it's a just an example of a kind of money that we flush down the toilet It's a silly thing. It's part of the sports fraternity and there's nothing gayer by the way Then the whole sports fraternity which George is always screaming about my echo that sentiment It's factory at the utmost and of course all these macho guys the fraternity is all the he's Enough that goes on. It's it's factory man everything has to do with getting other guys naked and exposing the body parts All of this gravity to do and something to it. Yeah, of course Magnet's bank in it right. I'm gonna go now careful. Oh, I'm spank too much So thank you very much Erick. I've been nominated and I guess I can you know Put this on the wall in my toilet there in case nature calls again with the most in opportunity moment Okay, well get here's the poor results rest in them. Look at the whole Tim Hardaway business Which you know leave it to me. I can I can lay it all up there for and of course the biggest I could have won Except what I say anyway. Why you're just you're just covered up because you're one of them. Well, what do you know believe Whatever you want see. I don't really care I don't feel that I have to live my life and apologize to anybody for being who I am or what I'm a good person I don't harm anybody I don't you know attack anybody molest anybody and what what I do with my you know we need business. That's my business But of course there's some other people who have you know this inordinate this really Pisted and Sick need to know what everybody else's crash businesses all about that to me is like a little strange What it is very strange 147 votes on yesterday's pool which Democrat would you like to see nominated in 2008? Barack Obama win I'm telling you he's the man trust me 45 you beat out gore by 50 pull the way out war 355 Hillary Clinton did very poorly she only got 11% of our crowd 155 old man 200 behind even out gore and about almost 300 behind Barack Obama John Edwards 1117 who is his boring man. He is as yay who has they come? I'm a Republican 98 6.9 percent All too bad whoever 82 they just don't care though Richardson 69 What about Bobby Richardson now the right wing S. Yankee ball player News really cute Howard Dean 52 Joe Biden 42 and I hate this pull only 32 a mere 2.2 percent Let me say it again hey today Okay, just got back in tag with my tea holy moly I'm gonna need this. This is the comfort. What is it? Closet convertee Hansford is a closet. I don't think there's any comfort being a closet I think there's a lot of paranoia and they're like Tommy Cruz man and Then they have to keep holding these press conferences dying. Oh, I'm not getting I'm gonna sue your ass I'm not one of them fairies. Yeah, you are Tommy. Okay, everybody knows it. You're not full on anybody Nobody by the way. Yes, the answer is the answer is five Five one five facts is about that story that you just got done reading About the old lady about the old lady I just got to read about the 80 old lady with the end and like I said that's the epitome of what the South Florida's all about the entire state of Florida's all about Another thing don't forget to play that book a song. Oh I'll excuse me In fact, they would have been good. I think it's longer than that, but I I want to play a lot of gay themes stuff now because yeah, is obviously the topic And Let me say again. Here's the headline in the sunset and now if you replace the word gay with Jewish I hate Jewish people Or if he replaced it with Hispanic I hate Hispanic people or he replaced it with Oh boy, I hate black people There would be such a human cry and such caring on and such a submissive going on the likes of which you have never seen in your life But anyway, I were windbag no less rights this hey, I rock you're fairy What that's squeaky voice is he still on our station all the time or what Chris do you would know? Yes, he is always in every Tuesday or Wednesday or something Every two minutes he's on is that in between Kenny and Votalkin about what they got later not last night Well, I mean at you know, I'm not gonna comment whatever. I hope they get all they can Anyway, I were right so we can have to retire center John and me she became the first active or former NBA player to publicly acknowledge he was gay One of the most popular players in heat franchise history offered a block view on homosexuality Wednesday during a radio interview across a street That you know something that it was across a street Because if it would have been on this station I'm sure that the host whoever was would have gotten up and high five. I mean the bitch Latin Former heat guard Tim Hardaway who had been making public appearances for the NBA set of Miami based 790 the ticket Which has an audience you could fit into a telephone booth and room for your fat ass left over That he wouldn't have tolerated gay player on his team and would have asked to have been traded in such a situation Or would have asked to have the gay team I'd be traded How do you like that? You would have asked to have the gay team a trade a cable on being a shower We know Faggot. I'll tell you that right now and who the hell would you know Hardaway left one there you go Well, you know I hate gay people hardaway sitting here to close them to be with that mostly focused on his chenia with the heat and the teen current state I let it be known. I don't like gay people. I don't like to be around gay people Yeah, I'm homophobic. I don't like it. It shouldn't be in the world for that or in the United States for that. So yeah, I don't like it After the NBA learned of hardaway's comments a league spokesman said hardaway had been removed from further league relations I can't imagine why He's just threw up a little bit of publicity there It's inappropriate for him to be representing us given the disparity between his views and ours NBA commissioner David Stern said the stimulant of the son Sentinel hardaway was listed two days in NBA legend. Oh, he's not as legendary as I am though He didn't get a reward from the or nominated if I know word by the radio and records I'm legendary Legendary old Fag by the way, Tim, but that's right. He wouldn't be listening because he don't like Faggot He was listed as an NBA legend to they win league launched its NBA fit program at the YMCA All right of 7 Nevada and have been part of the NBA's now. I'm sure you must have that queue up there Don't see you got to village people little YMCA actually calm us go. You got it. Thanks slow I had to know I had to boot of 7 of it have been part of the NBA community care van leading up to Sunday's all star game in Vegas Hardaway played for the eight from 1996 to 2001 field of heat. I'm sorry. You can't say that. Feel this. Hey Timmy. You're fairie The NBA fit program at the YMCA where nobody of course is gay See even I can't hear it and I still talk that nice. Okay. That's it Sure shortly after having a Vegas agent Henry Thomas who also represents heat guard Duane Wade He should have statement through his orifice from Hardaway that read I want to apologize for my comments yesterday regarding gays Not comments were offensive and I regret making them. I'm sorry to win when I've offended He didn't offend me. I mean you're a dumb jock and I would assume that you're home of public as hell You know it goes with a territory didn't offend me at least but I I could give a crap a less But if I came on the ear and I said I hate black people I wouldn't be back here tomorrow. I guarantee you that I will bait your life on a Tim And that's that's the double standard you have an America comfy that is desperately desperately trying to grow up Cannot grow up. That's America's biggest problem. It can't grow up All the wonderful flowery things that were winning to ridden in the Constitution of course It was written by people kept slaves of course And of course we know that you know you don't have to go back beyond Roosevelt for example as far as anti-Semitism as concerned Viral anti-Semitism in the 40s and 50s the McCarthy witch hunt all of that stuff. I'll be part of American history So in little teeny tiny increments we try to make a little bit of progress However, when contacted by Channel 4 before that statement was issued hardaway We iterate the comments you made the radio interview across the street I don't condone it and if people got problems with it. I'm sorry I'm saying I can't stand being around that person knowing that they sleep with somebody of the same sex He told Channel 4 adding he wouldn't talk to a gay family member. He wouldn't talk to a gay family member When I said a radio interview about how he would have dealt with a gay teammate He responded first of all. I wouldn't want him on my team and second of all if he was on my team You know, I would really distance hit myself from him because I don't think that's right Talk about ignorance man as if who somebody is sleeping with has something into with their abilities to play a game Are there a building to be a good person or yati adi adi? You're dealing with the ultimate ignorance I heard about 40 minutes You know George came in about a 30 this morning little later than usual George, which is good because you gave me a chance You're a lot of the ignorance is on the phone. You know I had to wait for my turn in the bathroom water But it was pukin in there Really, were they pukin from Tim Hardaway or just pukin in general? Just in general just thought in general That's the QMF in a way. So I will read this email that your close personal friends Steven sent in a minute And I'm sure that they I could sit here and ran belong for the whole four hours about this because it's just stupidity Okay people who don't know what they're talking about making stupid statements And of course as always the media, you know, re-accessive. Oh, you know, this is what Tim Hardaway said Well, who gives a fly-in figure like that? Who gives a crap? Like my life is gonna change because Tim Hardaway is some stupid ass homophobic Oh, he's Alex what oh, this is a good poll Yes, what a case of the year. Do you expect to get more sex than usual? Valentine's Day New Year's Eve your birthday anniversary or I want sex all the time I'm potent for that bottom one. Yeah, we need to add some there Wait, well, but it's a good start for the poll. So to speak. How's today's poll doing? We're gonna get for a thousand I think so because I don't have too much time to day 31 Although it's not going over very big. They dislike it. I want when I when I What does it say? Or I'd change my religion or lack of one? I'd prefer to become I hate this poll is winning 190 22.8% I don't know what's wrong with this poll. Why do so many people hate because they probably hate banks It's why Oh, and atheist 137 agnostic 132 a Buddhist 144 a Jew 48 at least you'll be nice and cut clean a Wicken 40 a Zion Catholic 39 a Catholic Christian 34. What does that mean a Catholic Christian? Why does it say I don't get that? Well, why does it just say Catholic a devil worshipers got Sounds good to me Protestant Christian 238 Mormon 12 a Scientologist 10 and all I can say to those 10 is you're fairery A she had Muslim seven a Hindu three and a suede Muslim only two so we got seven she likes and two Muslims So who's been be standing when it all gets done? Is the obvious question what just happened there all got so excited another thing I played I knocked it down on the audition line again That's not good I As a woman is police I know all the wealthy people It's well real deep like Oh, and that's my life about no god Black and he goes on living small the down where they say helpful and they're very cool None of us at all That's why I like about those Bill Do you think I am the courageous Warrior of monsters? Boo-ji-do! Well now that it is, when you trick me up tomorrow you know if you do not need something really skillsy and the need for a big game If you have fun, I add things to60 this time off the roll Start! So, am Iೆ? Thank you so much! I'm not seeing all after all. I remember to play Bokeh and I took one at 15 reminders and I took what's that under in the DCS there. It's under Bokeh song. Really? You ain't got it? Well, thanks so. Get out of here. Uh-oh. Bokeh song. Bokeh burning. Bokeh burning. Bokeh burning. It's under Bokeh burning. Bodies lie round in Georgia. I have Bokeh head slap instead. Well, I'll be damned. Well, General, I'm not free. I'm not free. Okay. Anyway, getting back to port Tim Hardaway, which everybody's all whipped up into a frenzy. I guess that must mean security. Nobody cares about George Bush and all the dead people. Oh, man, why should we? After all, this is important. So here's a email I got from my close personal friend Steven. And he just want to say this. The one good thing. There is some hope. And that is that I would say, I'm just picking a number. You know what I'd say under the age of 35 in America, is that, but you tell me, because what do I know about under 35? But it seems that more and more enlightenment, you know what I'm saying? There is less homophobia among like teenagers and tweezers and maybe earlier, maybe up to four. You are correct. People would have to wait until college to come out now. They're coming out right there in high school. There you go. What is this thing from Deb? It says, this is from the comments and the palm meets post about, oh, about goofball. Tim Hardaway. It says, you know, if Bible code is spent as much time making life miserable for red lobsters, you do for gay Americans, I believe there's a specific rule about shelfish. I write you Quacks, you'd have more credibility. Sorry, any credibility. And then Deb writes on it. That's right. That's right. Love's there. Those shelfish, man. We're going to burn in hell. Here's Billy who says, use them. When somebody, a name calls or points fingers, the hardest it gets. They end up being the one. They're pretty as closets. In other words, Tim, you're a fact. You're personally more gay people. I see more women for me. Isn't that what you said to me before the show today? And say it for years. At least more the ladies for all your family. My point being that people, let's say under 30, under 35, are less and less homophobic. And really don't give a crap about who's to do it. It's old. It's like our team. It's tough. You know, and Steven is 23. And one of our fine, my space people. And he writes this morning says, Tim Hardaway, hey, he's a me. He's cute. You're cute, Steven. So I don't know if you heard about Tim's comments yesterday on the Danle of Baxter Show, but it's all over the news radio here now. He was asked about how he would feel about having a gay teammate. And he totally went off saying, I'd be totally uncomfortable and asked for him to be traded. I distance myself completely. I think that's wrong. Meaning homo sexuality. It's wrong. It's bad. Then Dan asked him if he realized what he was saying was complete and Tim replied, yeah, I hate gay people. I was actually close to calling the radio station this morning. Steven said, after listening to all the colors to put it to the almost everybody says, he can think that way, but he should have said it differently. Others say he shouldn't have said that for the majority of America agrees and knows it's wrong. The Bible says it's wrong. Then the people with brains are calling in comparing the gay situation in America to civil rights movement. A lot of black people are calling saying, you can't compare what they're doing though, what they are going through to what we went through. They can go wherever they want and do whatever they want. And being gay is a choice. Whatever they're going through is their own choice. Right. When I hear that choice stuff, man, I just want to punch somebody right in the mouth. Anyway, God goes on to say, God, I'm so sick of these stupid ex being a lot of live and procreate. First of all, I think it's great that Tim came out and spoke his mind. I've been hearing people say that John Amichi is coming out of the closet and I've because it's convenient and he's going to make money out of it. And there's no reason he couldn't have come out when he was still in the NBA because nobody cares. At least now, thanks to Timmy, those people can shut up and realize that they're wrong. And this kind of bigotry is still rampant, especially in this sports world. This PC Schmidt has gotten totally out of hand. It's to the point where people think it's totally fine to feel however you want. As long as you don't really say what you mean. Listen to the radio this morning was great hearing all the closet viggits coming out. I think he said it through wrong way. He should say he disagrees with the lifestyle, not that he hates them. Being gay is wrong, but you gotta speak more eloquently. What's the anything difference Steven says to my eye, say at least he had the balls to come out and say, he hates them on like you're sorry, asses. Secondly, anybody stupid enough to think that being gay is a good thing. I think that being gay is a choice and that any human being would choose to put himself through that needs an effing brain transplant. There is one of the great lines, what I tell you about, my buddy, Steve. National Honor Society, baby, just like me. Only 100% head of a social. He says, secondly, anybody stupid enough to think that being gay is a choice that any human being would choose to put himself through that needs an effing brain transplant. And you are, absolutely correct. He says, I'm Christian and drive me crazy hearing people using the Bible as a tool for a hate. A good majority of that book was written for no other reason in the control people, and that's exactly what it's accomplished. Unfortunately, the will of Jesus had been thrown at the garbage for the sake of hate. Lastly, the only reason gay people are allowed to go wherever they want and do all the stuff the Blacks could do during segregation is because a law doesn't allow segregation many kind of any people. Now, if wasn't for those laws guaranteed, there'd be restaurants in terms of other places where Gaze wouldn't be welcome, not to mention every bathroom would be separate. I hope in anyone with a brain unconscious hopes that what's going on in America concerning Gaze, 10 to 20 years from now, we look at exactly the same ways we now look at segregation Blacks. I'm surprised to be honest that Bush hasn't repealed any laws disallowing segregation for the sake of a law in Gaze to be segregated against. The fact that the government can pick and choose which couples have rights based on religion is totally appalling, and vomit's all over what our founding fathers did for every American and creating a country or those seeking refuge from persecution could find solace. How do you like that? Is that well written or what, huh? Show it up. Good stuff, Stephen. Couldn't say it better myself. I just did, I was at his email. My scorn pal. It's a choice. That's always the deal. Don't compare us to the Blacks. We were born Black, you know? What is this? Can you play the fraternity running naked on the beach call? I agree with George that phone call was much more amusing and enlightening than the World Out Bridgetend. I think it fits in with the days news. Maybe that's coming up for what is that called? Fraternity or attorney hazing? Frantacol. Frantacol. Oh man, that's five minutes long too. Oh, right. That's a thing we love. It is one of the funniest calls ever in history. It is. It's perfect. Running naked on the beach with your buddies. I mean, there is so much factory going on. I'm not using supposedly heterosexual. And this whole thing with this station in these idiots across the street, this sports radio, all you Josh Strafts nippers, you crack me up, man. There's nothing more than you people. Oh, I got Pete Rose's Josh Straft from 1957 when he got his 3,000, 10. And I got, yeah, good for you. Probably sniffing it every night when you're out under the sheets. Sniffin Pete Rose's Josh Straft. God, nothing to make you want to vomit. Just like the OJ lovers, they're a QAM. And when we first came to that place, couldn't believe what was going on. If they wore a Josh Straft, no matter how many people they killed, no matter how you literate they are, no matter how much hate they spew, no matter how unacceptable on a human level, they may be. Then hello, do we? We'll get down on our knees and worship them. We will kiss both of their cheeks. We'll kiss all four of their cheeks. How do you like that? Eight hundred and sixty seven votes in a pool. Now how many, I hate this pool? Twenty three percent. How do you like that? Is that that or what? I guess we've got to come up with a good pool for tomorrow. The Gordon Litty and they don't come anywhere. Then Neil Roger. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. I'm doing okay. Well, you know, I wanted to talk a little bit about this paternity business that you mentioned. And they just want to ask, if you have any best friends and how long have you had those best and more? What does that mean? Well, it means... What does that have to do with this? It has to do with it. It has to do with it. It has to do with it. It has to do with the paternity. And not necessarily taking showers or all the other hazing and whatnot that goes on. But it has to do with hanging out with a bunch of guys. I have two best friends. One is great. One is gay. I've never had sex with either one of them. I've never seen either one of them naked. No, have they desire to do either one of the above? Okay. In the paternity. Don't take showers with them. Don't step towels at them. All right. In the paternity house. We don't socialize by canshows together. If a guy takes a shower and the other guy's got to go to class. He goes in the shower as well. It's not a question of socializing in the shower. I'm not talking about socializing in the shower fraternities. We're talking about hazing and initiation of the paternity and group sex. I'll tell you about hazing and initiation. When you are when you when you're in the age of adolescent's 18, 19, and you're trying to find yourself in college, whatever it may college may be. Return to these led to self. To putting a bunch of guys that are like you. What I see like you. I mean they like the same matrix. They play the same sports. They're a group of guys together. That automatically for some reason. I can't explain why become your good friends for life. Now when you have a good friend and like I mentioned to you when you have a best friend or someone who's a good friend. You're you share experiences with them and part of becoming sexual experiences. Well it could be could be two guys on a girl. It could be two girls on two guys. It could be a you know in the bathroom four guys taking showers with four girls. The experience sexual or not sexual is irrelevant. No, no, it's not irrelevant at all. Of course. No, it is right. When you're in a fraternity, your your goals are to make friends because because you have a friend. So because you have a best friend or a bunch of good friends doesn't mean a that you take showers with them because you're going to be friends for a long time. And be certainly doesn't mean that you share sexual experiences with them. We're going to have a group sex with them. You can see you know some of the I belong to a health club and in the health club that I belong to. It's a completely heterosexual health club. Yeah. But the shower is the shower with with six balls on it. Now do you think that I've become part of that health club so that I can work out with guys and then go take showers. I have no idea or you can answer that question. That's not on there. Although I will kind of this. They're plenty of guys who do, but that's beside the point. That's beside the point. Me personally I do not that a bastion of homosexual activity. Even in health clubs. I do not go and join the fraternity. Don't sound a bit. We believe you. Point of a fraternity and communal showers and group sex. And whatnot. Do you care the question? What is the point of rule sex? The point of a fraternity is hazing and the point of becoming a woman. What is the point of making other? What is the point of making a young kids getting naked? I'm telling you. I'll tell you. What it is. I'll tell you. I'll give you a great for what I am. Please. Let's bring along. When you belong to a fraternity. And I'll say it again. You belong to a bunch of guys that are going to be your friends for life. And part of the way. Why does that require them getting naked for you? Let me finish part of the experience of having a best friend. Whether it may be a best friend that you play soccer with or whether it may be a best friend that you are drinking with. If you share intimate moments. That's intimate moments. That's sexual. What I think intimate. I don't mean sexual. I mean intimate in the sense that you will not share that kind of experience with anybody else who is not your friend. For example. Sir. You know something. This sounds so faggy to me that even I'm embarrassed for you sir. You want to know? Sounds very faggy to me. Running through the beach naked with a bunch of guys. You're never going to share experience with anybody else. Not even your wife or your kids. Are any other friends? Why would you want to run? Why would you run? The bunch naked with a bunch of guys. Why do you want to do that? All that hazing is not a question of you. You don't have a choice. Right. Because one thing. And why do you want to force these kids to be naked? Why do they always have to take their clothes off? My closet friend. I don't every day. The hangs out of the showers of the gym. Why don't you tell me the real story here, pal? I don't every day experience. People do not in a fraternity walk around naked. Nor do they naked. No, you're not stop. You can stop in my house. You can stop in my house. Green, stop in the steam in the steam bath. Okay. Let's get a lot to the meat of the matter. Tell me why you want to see make these guys get naked. What is that all about? It's a matter of respect. It's a matter of respect. No, it's a matter of lack of respect. For them by you. It's a matter of lack of respect. If I respect somebody, I'm not going to force them to a. The grade themselves and embarrass them. You're going to be part of my. If you're going to be part of a particular group of friends and guys. Who says that? I want to tell you this. I want to tell you this. Okay. Without any more discussion, it's very simple. A child can tell you if somebody demands that I get naked in order to be their friend. I'll pass. Okay. There's a good message for all you kids out there. If any other male, your age older, whatever age. If they demand that you take your clothes off and engage in some kind of naked. Hanging in a party in order to be a part of their club in order to be your body. In order to be their pal. Run like a bed. It's run like a son of a bitch. That's the bitch call. I've ever had in my life. What? I agree. And it was five minutes long to, which I like even better. It's been two and a half years. We're going to have a thousand before 18 shakes of a lamb still. And you're president by the way. Still. It not has a. Bapapapapah. He's still rambling on. Bapapah. Yeah. I'm going to read one more that was sentenced one more time from Steven Z. Anybody stupid enough to think that being gay is a choice. And that any human being would choose to put himself through that needs an F. Brain transplant being put through the, I mean, I know what is all about in the high school. You know, everybody's queer. You're very, right. That's stuff. Yeah, I got to read what I want to be. I want to be. I want to be. I want to be. I want to be. I want to be. I want to be. I want to be. I want to be. I want to be. I want to be. I want to be. I want to be. I what point in their life, did they decide that they were going to be head of a sexual winter demand decided that they were going to be attracted to women. And I heard one really more on it call us. Wad heard several Miranda calls on Kenny and both. And by the way, their responses were pretty bitterly disappointed, not<|en|> À unpilited expected. His arrival. He has heard the, the comments and I'm not not going to people individually, but it's just what you're supposed to say, uh, I support Station. We've got to be macho guys. We got to be real macho, we don't want to get it. We don't want to get it. There're no face to a. Even though theретzag government all today. numbers that are like 80 million times, what everybody else has got. And that's because not everybody is interested in sniffing jacks, perhaps. Good, golly Miss Molly. But I heard these morons calling it about, well, you know, it's a choice and all this other crap. How did you choose to be head of a sexual? And the one caller talking about, well, you know, just look at the human body. You can see that man was made for a woman and the body parts and bop-pop-pop-pop-pop-pop and of course if that's the case, how come so many of you guys are interested in your ladies? Yeah, how about that, huh? Why is that any different? I guess that's not a sin. No, I've always wondered that. Why is it that that particular kind of meal, and by the way, an awful lot of homosexuals, including your truly, don't participate in that kind of acto and have no interest in it. But they're not a lot of you, head of a sexual guys who do. So if that's the parameter, if that's what makes it, so a repugnant and a nauseous, and let me say it again, as long as we're talking about consenting adults, if you're concerned about what other people are doing in their bedrooms or whether they're doing it, then you've got to, you're the one with the problem, not them. You've got a mental problem, you need like the email signal about me. You need help in addition to which. I have no line. Right, if that's the best you spend your time worrying about is what other people are doing with their dittling business, Gary Lawrence, my general manager at the Zeta. It's a good guy. And he had a great line. We were talking about one day, somebody in the station, somebody had some kind of issue. And he said, you know, every guy has got his banana business. Yeah. And I thought that was, I had never heard that line used that way before. And I thought, that's about the best way of summing it up that ever heard my life. Every guy has got his banana business. And that's true. Yeah. But the guy or the guy, do you care? That is correct. Why do you care? Unless I'm not there, you know, dittling your wife or your sister or something like that. Why should you care and what is your business? And this business about choice. Let me tell you right now. And I'll go through the whole story if you want. Because I know from personal experience. I knew from the time I was 10 years old, I was, I knew that. And I didn't sit down one day and say, gee, I think I'm going to be a faggot. So the kids in school can call me, hey, you queer, you this, you scissy, you pansy, like that. Yeah, being Jewish wasn't giving you enough grief. Wasn't it? That's right. And I didn't have enough problems already being a vegan Jewish. That's right. In a town, by the way, Canada, in New York, see, I can go through the whole story of my childhood net. I'm threatened to do that the other day. I'm not going to do that today. But I mean, you know, there were just a handful of Jewish families in that town. So being Jewish right off the bat was a negative in a city of 10,000, 10,000 people were just a handful were Jews. And then of course, being gay. Oh, forget about that. And that was back in the late 50s. I graduated at the high school 1960. So the idea that anybody was coming out of the closet. And then as years have gone on, I mentioned my friend the day that came up here last year, a little reunion. Yeah. And, you know, he told me about this one was gay and that one had of course nobody found out about this until many years later. So come to find out that there were many of the students in my high school who were gay. But back in late 50s, early 60s, there were no way in the world anybody was coming out of the closet. So you had to put up with all the derision and all the, because, you know, obviously there were people who had certain mannerisms, whatever. You fagg, you know, you're a queer, whatever. Like that. Why would anybody make that choice? Because they were a pervert and like I've always said in the show, you show me any guy who was in a pervert. Now, I'll show you a dead man. I've never met that person. Me either. And the idea that you're attracted to something based on a choice is so stupid. It's so ignorant. Open up a playboy. Okay. If you're 13 years old, male, young boy, open up a playboy. If you're attracted that if you're brain reacts to it in a certain way, that's a physiological act. That's a physiological reaction to what you're looking at. That's right. And if you open up a playgirl and you see some naked guy in there and you react the same way, that tells you that you're, that's right. It's very simple. I was 10 years old. I was looking at pictures in sports magazines, Mickey Mammled and Roger Maris. And I was like that. I mean, I knew what I was. I didn't make a choice. Honestly, no way you can make that choice. You are what you are. It's very simple. And if you don't want to accept that, well, you're just stupid. That's all I can tell you. Because unless you live it, you have no idea what it is. And I did hear a really good call as a Jewish guy who called this morning at Kenny and Bowie said, you know, really makes me nauseous when members of my minority groups. This is what always pisses me off. I agree with that guy, 100%. Members of my minority groups who have been discriminated against, grow tingly for centuries, come out and express their own bigotry. That's pathetic. You're dealing with somebody who's got no empathy, no rock monoses that you have say in Finland. That's you, Tim Hardaway. You're a jackass. But like Samo said, it's probably good that you open up your mouth and show to us that this kind of crap still goes on. This is why people call or in the closet. And speaking of power, wasn't Dave Cowans of the Celtics didn't he find it come out of the closet or a dead dream that Chris? I just dream that. Dave Cowan, I don't remember. He was the coach of the Boston Celtics and also, I remember what. I just don't remember seeing it. We're hearing about it. Yeah, trust me. I first mentioned that in passing, but there's so few. And if you had any idea how many gay athletes there are, 20, if 10% of the general population is gay, then 10% of the professional athletes are gay, just do the math as they say. Whoever they are. Well last weekend when this whole thing with John and me, she came out, yeah. ESPN then talked to Barkley in a couple of the players. Barkley said, when he was playing, you know, 5, 10, 15 years ago, he knew three, four players, but he just didn't care. It wasn't a big deal to him. Yeah. They were gay that was their lifestyle. It didn't affect them so he didn't care. They were to tech him in the shower. Exactly. 10%, 57, a QAA. Roger, shall. Roger, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Any questions? Today I'd like to read a letter that I'm writing to all white people today in the spirit of unity and understanding. I'm a real white folk, couple of things you ought to know. When I'm born I'm black. When I grow up I'm black. When I get sick I'm black. When I go out in the sun I'm black. When I go out in the cold I'm black. When I get scared I'm black. And when I die I'm still black. But you my white man, when you're born you are pink. When you grow up you are white. When you get sick you are green. When you go out in the sun you go red. When you get cold you turn blue. When you get scared you turn yellow. And the happiest time of my life is when white people die. You turn purple. And you got the damn nerve to call me, call it. Oh boy, how about just a bigoted and stupid? How about that being? First starters. Okay. Anyway, so 11.03 at 5.60. WCM got mad dog at 2. He's back today. And power hour with Hank in the mad dog together for 5. Humpers solo 5 to 7. Then you got your hurricane hotline again. We're 7 to 9. Any canine in mid-99. That's our agenda. Here at QM that's the gay agenda. Gay. I could sit here and do the whole rant for the whole four hours. I'm not going to do it because I want to have any voice for tomorrow. I sure wouldn't want to do that to you. No, don't do that. Oh, maybe we could play those Friday tapes. You know that you're so crazy about. Well, play the same one. But if there's one thing that bugs me and like I said I don't give a crap on other people think about what I do, what I say. I don't care. I don't live my life for that. It's just never going to happen. I think that was an act of self preservation that kicked in somehow automatically many years ago. In fact, maybe when I came out of the closet on the air, December 17, 1976, 1976, 30 years ago. I think like that. In fact, we didn't have a big celebration about that. We got that big 31st anniversary on the air and stuff. We were coming up March 1. I wonder what kind of presence I'm going to get for that. Well, that's the way it goes. We'll have a little party here in your own. Yeah, call me when the party starts. OK. Call him on the party started. That's what Frado said. Remember, poor Frado? I won't see him no more. If he did just rub those beads a couple more times, man, he'd have been OK. I think he was rubbing him a little bit too hard. And the word was not looking fondly on Frado. Hey, Frado. I won't see him no more. Nine and every 16 votes on a poll and they still don't like it. We get a lot of votes, but they don't like it. We're out of change my religion. Or lack of one, I'd prefer to become. I hate this poll is leading to 113, 22.2%. That's not a good sign. When more people hate the poll and any of the choices, that's bad. An atheist, 147, an agnostic 144, a Buddhist 134, a Jew 54. You know, this is another interesting thing about picking religion. Now, how many people I'm interrupting in the middle of the poll, how many people do think really select their religion? It's the luck of the draw with most people they're born into. It wouldn't very, very few people have the gohones to like, you know, the big gabaops from the dead air. Question that's right. But most people don't exercise it. They are what they were taught to be. A Jew 54, a wick in 47, a Zion Coptic 40, a Devil Worship for a 36. Now we're talking about a Catholic. We got that Catholic, go whatever 35, Eric kind of convinced that. A Protestant 29, you're protesting a little bit too much. A Scientologist 13 and Mormon 12, a Shiite Muslim 7, a Hindu 3, an Asuni Muslim, too. All these Shiites and Sunis run up at the door. I made a best ragheads win. Let's see, was that our winderman on the phone and sounded like him. It says, hey, Ira, you're fairie. Now, what was he talking about? The threat guy calling sure. Now, that's a tape of a call from like five years ago. What are you talking about? I think he's trying to say, David, he's like that. I was going to wife you know. That's what that proves anything, but nevertheless. Ira, Windbag on the phone. Yeah, that whole thing about the fraternity isn't a hazing and they all have to take their pantalones off. Then we had the hockey hazing one too, which I'm sure that's probably pretty long too. Where he talks about the rectum and all of that stuff. Oh, hockey hazing. Just before his 16th birthday, he tried out for the junior C team in February near chat a Monterey. Well, I grew up in Tilgury and I played all my minor hockey there and, you know, I would have liked to play in my hometown. So it was a good feeling. He made the team, the Tilgury Hawks, but he soon discovered that he couldn't be considered a real hawk until he'd been through an initiation party. I can't remember the coach saying that, well, he's going to get to know us better and, you know, we're going to have some fun and, you know, I thought it'd just be a good time. I'm like, no more to players, more better and, you know, you're a 15. Yeah. What does it, what's a good time mean to the 15 year old? Well, just to get around, you know, meet the players, you know, play cards or, you know, just stuff like that watch TV or something. He said that they would, they'd be staying there overnight because they didn't want anybody drive in home that was drinking. And I, you know, my kind of assumption about that was I thought, I knew there was some older players there and I kind of figured that's sort of what it was about. I didn't really give it a second thought. I know when I came home with my wife, we felt pretty good about it. You know, I get was a pretty reassuring meeting. Is my first experience ever drinking? Scott never had alcohol before, but his first few drinks would leave a lasting impression. They played this little game of the funnel game, I think it was, or, you know, the poor beers in and you'd have to funnel it down your throat. I mean, after that, I was pretty, pretty much wasted. The party was here, the home of a prominent doctor who was one of the team owners. Scott was shocked by what went on. More so, because there were adults presence. Well, they brought two boys and have ones and they made them stripped and then all the coaches and managers and that, that air with the lot of veteran players and they're two beer cops lying and about probably 10, 10, 15 feet away from them. And they told us to do push-ups with their general to go in the beer cup, they're captain, took a marshmallow, I remember you had rubber gloves on and you'd insert it into the players' wrecked arm. Reck them and the player would have to, well, squat over a cup and try and get it into that cup and if the player must eat it. Out in a room there was like a bucket with a string attached to it paying over a chair with two hockey sticks in between and they'd make the rookie tie to string to his penis and then all of a lot of the coaches' veterans and they'd all throw pox in a pale. So the pale was hanging on the end of the string. Yeah, and it's own pox in the pale. Yeah. A little weird. Yeah. The worst part like what I saw was the training that they're sitting on, one of the other rookie's face and that just is disgusting with nothing on. With nothing on. Well, if you were with lightning, you'd have to get in the way. No. There you go. Good old sports, baby. The good old hockey story. See, I've been even these manly sports, all this bag we're going on. Who's kidding whom? And like I've always said, I've said this for you and through my own personal experience. Those people who point the most and shout the loudest, those are the closet queens. Make no mistake about it. There are some notorious ones. People pointing and screaming, bang away, bang away. Oh, that's the crap. Gay, at a good Hoover. Like, a good Hoover does another one, yeah. And you're McCarthy. But at any rate, you know, it's like a very little teeny tiny baby stuff. That's American society for you. Making little tiny bits of progress. In this state passes a law of Massachusetts, another one my past alumnum. The federal government comes on now. Thank goodness that that thing is kind of like what all the people dying in Iraq and all the other crackle. And I kind of like gone the background, except for the religious right, a little over the hate mongers. You show me a bunch of religious fanatics. And I'll show you a bunch of really dangerous people, okay? Dangerous. Not to mention no names. 945, and this hour we're going to go over a thousand. I'm sure that Chris is going to get all excited when he sees that. Oh, definitely. Going to jump up while when he gets way 600, you're not going to jump up. By the way, 184 is an impressive or what? Is that a record? That one on an unroll time record. But it's for four years. I would say that's the lowest I've weighed in years. Well, yesterday, in fact, I lost weight in my wallet to it would buy. Well, I'm telling you that lately, it's not going to be a can find a good my shaman. I'm thinking of praying to the right to maybe I can pray to the Zion Coptic leader, whoever that is. Who is that? I don't know. Even the Zion? Even though he voted for it. We see Puppet, Mr. Coptic. I see. From an et cetera, 11 at 560 WQM. It's Gate Cabo Assong. From the Gate Cabo Muvie featuring. Home home on the range. Where the queers and the can of lobes play. I'm a little bit too lazy to go up to be gay cowboys. Don't let them wear chaps and lipstick and stuff. Make them play football and kiss girls and such. And we'll work back here and stand for an again. Where the women don't outnumber men. First I was afraid. I was petrified. I can't even have boys best friends of the boy. And happy males to be. Fundest day at the Y and C. From the Gate Cabo Muvie. And to 1117 at 560 WQM. I can just imagine. Let's take a whole bunch of phone calls. I don't see any coming in yet. What do you mean? What they're going to talk to me about that. There's one more. I don't get it all excited. Just relax. Just calm down. Don't be a basket case like me. They don't be a... Just know that. You know me. I'm an emotional record. That's great. It's just I am a good guy. You're adorable. Woo! Was it to you? That's the bottom line. We're holding. What's it to you? It's so stupid. And of course when you do what you do with Josh, you do it with people who are generally stupid. I'm educated. They fake their way through college. If they went at all. And you know, never got a textbook. Stuff like that. That's the American F.N. way. And when you go to like Europe for example, and here as well, Canada, the difference in attitudes of all these social issues is so dramatic. Sure there's a bunch of right wingers here and we got Stephen Harper-Ree. He made a feeble attempt to undo the gay marriage thing here. No, no chance. And I could have a revote. Get lost. They won't put up with it. One thing I'll say about Canada, man. They will not put up with the bigotry. It's just, you know, but I'll also say go back to the line in the email about political correctness. Can you say it? No. You know, if I don't like you, if I don't like whoever, why can't I say that? Well, these guys, again, I drew me the Greek through that whole bunch of these people. I got canned because they made some kind of comment. And usually, how to stand the same thing. Usually, this construed. But even if they were, what does it make? Is there a law somewhere that says that I have to like everybody? Or if I'm in broadcasting from a radio or television, I have to like all the black people, all the Jewish people, all the Jewish people, all the, you know, I'm Jewish and gay. I mean, I like all Jews and all gays. You, but I don't. No way, Jose. Gay. I'm telling you, it's just stupid. It's in its idiotic. But everything's got to be politically correct. You don't want to offend anybody. I'm going to tell you, if you're doing what I do for living. You don't offend anybody. You're not doing your job. Your boring is what you are. Like talking about ball games all day. Boy, you talk about boring. Wow. Heavy duty. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Taunt. I wonder how long it's going to take before we get. You know what we're going to get? And pom 5, 60, leave a rise in singular. Ride a slide. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you today? I'm great. Hey, listen, yesterday. The end of the show. Yeah. I about wet my pants yesterday. Yeah. Whether whether that was intentional or not, that was great, man. Yeah, well, don't hold your breath here again. I did. I went home with wet pants, man. Did you? Yes, sir. I didn't have a comfort or handy. I had a towel when we were with a truck. That was good. You know, you get that rash. Yeah. So when you're self-pulled. Uh-huh. Hey, listen. Myself and another guy got called into a supervised vossage at work. Because we were a burp and you know. Yeah. And Mr. Roller's stuff's go to Curo. And I said, well, you know, it's a bodily function. What can you do? I can't control it. I mean, I can't, you can't do a certain extent. But when you got a, you know, you got a. Yeah, when you got to, you got to go. When you got to go and you're going 560, palm five, 60, and he Verizon, see you at a wireless line. That was a rise very by the way. Joyce, don't get all nervous and, you know, bitchy and itchy to stand down. WDQAM, hello. They heal. Yes, sir. Backtracking a couple of weeks back here. Because I tried to call you like three or four times. My phone's a piece of crap. Yeah. But anyway, nobody ever brought up the fact that this day the left is because it's out Florida. It's up. Everyone was pissed off at them. I couldn't live down there either, I'd leave. And second of all on the morning show came in the other guy there. They have different degrees of, um, bigotry, which is acceptable to them. This morning, they're saying it's him, hard away. The great guy, but he just missedpoke. Had he been a white athlete talking about black people. Yeah. They wouldn't have said that. They would have been a nailed his ass to a crow. They would have been nailed them to the wall. That was correct. Right now. Right. And, um, enclosing, uh, you know, not everybody likes everybody. If you pretend that you're 100% politically correct, you're a liar. Everybody's a racist in some way. Everybody's absolutely correct, sir. And most people are liars. That is correct. Everybody's got a problem with some ethnicity somewhere. And a chipset. Yeah. Georgia chipsets and chipsies. Like my mother. She's that way. But. Okay. I'll figure. See you. Maybe as mother's a little far-bison. Okay. Here's these facts. He says Larry, do you touch base about the article about Charlie Chris and the old folks section in a some, he said, yeah, how are you talk that yesterday? He said, leave the game. Arranges alone. How are you? Does that make him gay? No, that doesn't what makes him gay. Nature made him gay. And that excites a gentleman. God made him gay. God made him gay. The Lord made him gay. The Lord made us all. Well, here's Alan. Got a good poll here. Yeah. The biggest uncle. And that fits right in. Then we might have done something like that. But it was 100 years ago. And he includes Tim Hadawell. And there he says, I only put him on here to piss him off. Well, good for you. Well, that's good. Because Tim Hadawell sounds like he's pissed off and fired up. Sounds probably like it was a publicity center with a bandel of bastard. Wouldn't surprise me. I don't put anything past those losers. This baratos. You know. Oh, here's an ex-heat player. First of all, he didn't even play in anymore. Number one. And who now gives a crack? Is he like some kind of a sociologist now? Like we're supposed to pay really careful attention to what he says about Fags or Jews. Who cares? But let me say it again. The bigotry that really bugs me the most is when you remember of a group that's been discriminated against so badly for so long brought over here in crates from Africa. And kept in slavery and ignorance for centuries. And all of a sudden like, well, yeah, the Jews this and they are Fags. You know, it really, it's pathetic is what it is. And then that's the only way to describe it. And the stuff I heard on the morning show this morning just enough to make me want to say, gag, just puke, you know. Come on out and say it, Kenny, okay. I'm not going to come to that. Can't tell what to say. But come on. Tell what it is instead of worrying about whether it's going to be politically correct with the Jacksoniff and Crow. Everything on this radio station ever since we've been here. I'm sure long before always has to be politically correct with the Jacksoniff and Crow. And Wayne this and Wayne, Wayne must have aspirin by now. I'm not talking about bear either. He must have red cheeks from all the kissy kissy that goes on. Just tell what it is, okay. That's one reason people listen to this show is because they're not going to get a bunch of beaten around the old bush. So to speak. You give it to him straight. Well, so to speak. Or give it to him. Yeah, more like that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 and they Verizon and Singular Wiles line. They question today. It's Tim Hardaway, William A. Hall or not. As if we have to ask the question. I think the fact that the media makes such a big timmace about it. Like I said, who really cares what he, he's in total is opinion. He don't like facts. Don't bother me. There's some black people I like. There's some black people I don't like. Like him. He's one of them. You know, he hates me. I hate him. That's for you. A little raspberry for it, Tim. Like I give a crap. Like my next paycheck is going to be dependent on whether Tim Hardaway likes gay people or not. Whether he listens to this show. And you notice, one other thing I noticed this morning. And listening for the 40 minutes before you came in. And they're talking about gay celebrities and gay people and people out of the closet. I don't exist. This show doesn't exist. I'm not minding. Never comes up in a conversation. Never got mentioned. Which is fine. That's okay. But that's most interesting because we're not part of the sports fraternity. WDQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you, Doug? I'm great. Good. A long time listener first, well second time caller. You know, I knew you were going to have something on the show about this moron. Hardaway. Yeah. There's hardaway the same one in sunny and tamal. They the same or they brothers or... No, no relation. Oh no. Well, I got to tell you. The homo phabics are totally. Hardaway. Hardaway. That's 50 years ago. And we want to be. Yeah. Why don't they totally just dry up? No, I mean. Well, he's 11 in the past. You know, he's out of the hospital's reality. You know, and I agree with that. The class has six gentlemen in calls. I think two, three calls ago. Everybody does have a shuffin' mouth of prejudice. Absolutely. And you got to get over it. Because we all go over it together. Well, you have to work to get over it. I don't think you're ever going to completely get over it. But you've got to try to overcome it. Yeah. You're after recognizing that you haven't. You have to work on again, and rid of it, and stop being as stupid. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Thanks. George, however, will not work on his prejudice against Gypsy. And you never even got picked pocketed by the Gypsy's like I didn't roll that time. No, I got robbed by Gypsy. No, you did not pick pocketed. They looted the house little by little. They looted it. They let loads be heard. You probably, you know, convinced me that he was a friend of mine. Was stealing from everyone in the house when he was visiting. Before we finally figured out what was going on. And then now I have Gypsy neighbors. You're playing with all the Gypsy's for that because now I have Gypsy neighbors. And what if he looked at it? Maybe he was a Jewish Gypsy. Maybe he explains your anti-Semanticity. Yeah, that must be it. 26-past. Just left in the QAM. Do you brush back? It's new on CBS. Homocy. Join that hilarious squad of police investigators. Salvos Weki. Intercity murders. Starting. Harvey Firestein. As Lieutenant Poker. Okay. Let's end up. I need volunteers to dress up like Hooked-Eyes. For an undercover operation. Pull it all at all. It's one in a time. Now everybody can't go. Welcome home. CBS. 1131-562WQM. Tim Hardway hates the Fags. What are we going to do? What's America going to do? What is the world going to do now? I'd say it's firety, but you're already cleaning. Oh, that's correct. Filing. Magnumistic Abudit. Yeah, that's right. I never really paid that much attention to hockey, hazing story that holds you about the cup and the whole day. Oh man. Talk about sick. But that's a good manly sport. Just as Don Cherry. He'll tell you. You know, in other circles, in rare occasions when someone, you know, this is in my younger days when someone would suggest something like that. Everyone else in the group looks up in like they're a crazy person. Right. Now all the other. Yeah. Yeah. But in fraternities and in sports. All right. Sports. Military. In the military. In initiation process. They have to go through it. Show that we can, that you're stupid enough and you're definitely not to be part of our club. That you'll allow us to humiliate and degrade you to any degree that we possibly can. And it always, it always has to do with taking off the clothes and flailing the, the gemitals in the air doing something with them. Right. Setting them on fire. Whatever. Just like I told you that time I'm in college. I'm a Michigan state. And I'm in one of my room, but I'm in the room, one of my friends down the hall. And his roommate comes in and his friend, his roommate is on the phone talking to his mother, father, whatever his parents. And his roommate comes in and gets stands up behind him and unzips his fly and puts his goods on his kid's shoulder. Okay. I mean, okay. Okay. Does that sound awfully gay to you? Okay. And I thought, like that. What is that all about? You know, like you've played with the hockey he's in guy. You know, you've got good friends if you've known for years. And somehow that whole business never comes up. Yeah. And you're gay. So, well, I have, you know, some great friends. And I've never seen him naked. I have no desire to see them naked. I don't take showers with him. I don't have sex with him. And that's how it makes you a great friend. I mean, you know, right. What can I say? Oh, no. You're wrong. The audio fags. That's all you want to do is, uh, yeah, right. Whatever you say. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Chris. Oh, Neil? Yes. Oh, hi. Neil. I heard you talking. And you were talking about the coppics. Yes. And my father was an insurance agent. And the, um, the guy that was the leader of that was called brother. Brother love. Hello, you. Brother. Brother. He was kind of, well, well, it's fun, yeah. And brother love. I'm a class listener here and I don't blame you. I've a, I've a listening to you for years. And I just figured I'd, uh, you throw was, you know, drinking that tea and stuff. And I'd bring that tea, amen to it. Mm-hmm. Anyway, just have a nice evening. Circus. We don't know who you are. Your name is caller. Have you ever had a homosexual experience in your life, sir? No, sir. But, you know, you know what I have to say to you, though? Yes. I was Catholic. Wasn't altar boy. And once a peropeal school all year, you know, throughout my life. And I was lucky that didn't happen. But you do what was going on. Uh, I think so. One of, one of the brothers, um, who was, by our teacher. Yes. You used to take, uh, a few of his buddies on, uh, these field trips. Mm-hmm. And he would tempt them with, uh, some pills and wine or whatever. But luckily I, uh, luckily I never. Good choice, pal. You never got tainted by a popper. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Thanks for that, pal. Say hi to brother love. Wow. 999 votes on the pool by new will have over a thousand men. We can sit back and just, uh, let out a sigh of relief. All this pressure. You know, this nobody is really calling about, uh, heart away. No, not yet. I mean, maybe one, one or two. And what are they going to say to me, okay? See, they'll say to the jocks we have on here. And they can get away with it because, uh, they'll, they'll say to me, okay. I don't, I almost like they encourage it at some point. At least from what I heard. But what is it going to encourage? Bigotrients to put it. Anybody that's going to tell me that your sexual orientation is a, see they even changed that and said it used to be sexual preference. And until not that many years ago, the American Psychiatric Association considered homosexuality and nickel disorder. Right. Mm-hmm. Like that. I mean, the history of America when it comes to bigotrients, just, it's shocking is what it is against women against Jews and blacks and gays and in his spanks. I mean, any minority group, I guess, wasps are about the only one who viscates the, you know, generally speaking. Well, not if he asks them. Really? Oh, yeah. Oh, everybody gets preferential treatment. Oh, you don't get a proper connection. I can't get a job anymore. They just have to get hired someone qualified person, just to meet a quota. And, you know, we're the only race that's discriminated against. And openly anymore, let's say, the world. Everybody hates everybody else. That least is equal anyway. WQAM, hello. Well, you people, you're a show. WQAM, hello. QAM. Yes, sir. Hey, yeah. I just want to make a comment about the hardaway thing. Yes. You know, I'm just waiting for some queer to come out and say, yeah, yeah, yeah, me and her, you know, we had something going on. Mm-hmm. Because I met him at a FAU function that we had some kind of charity event for a school for under-privileged kids. Mm-hmm. And he did a little too manly handling the ball. You know, we were playing basketball. Yeah. So give me a break. Ah, okay. And you were right on. We didn't call that he cut the<|pl|>. Yeah. Yeah. I'll be wanted to say you've been right on about the war and this crazy president. And, you know, just keep it up. Okay. Thanks, Patty. Thank you. I'll keep it up at my age. Not all it is. 990 votes on the full ride on the verge of a thousand. The verge of a major development of breakthrough here on the Neil Wodger Show. Who is legendary is what I'm hearing. And especially with that award now, that nominated for the award that piece of paper that you faxed me, that was very impressive with a great background. Yeah. Should see it. It's like I'm a construction paper. It's beautiful thing. WQAM. Hello. Okay. You go ahead. Yeah. Oh, actually. All right. The end of the whole job, pal. Excellent. We win. Most of the bany. WQAM. Hello. Neil, how are you doing? Great. I just got a little beef, which you guys, you know, you're in it about the first amendment. And it's a lot of it. Well, until somebody says something that you don't like. And then all of a sudden we got to shut them up. They're waiting. And then I say everybody ought to be able to say whatever the hell they want that we have to be too politically correct. But that does mean if you say something that most people find obnoxious that they can't respond to it. Okay. So it was what he said. I find personally obnoxious. But he's got a right to say it. He's got a right to show his fan asked. And one of them, by the way. It's right to say it then, right. I just did. I just got through saying the same thing I said before. And let me ask you something. Are you a person of color? No, I'm not. Okay. I just asked you because it sounded like you might have been because if somebody wants to turn into a racial thing, it's going to be very unfortunate with me that will fall on that here. You said you were born with this potential to attend your zone. No, I wasn't born with a propensity. I was born as a homosexual male sir. Now they're not a person. They're born as tellers. So what does that mean? Right. I'm a serious bastard. Excellent. All right. There's a whole of the century. I rest my case. They're born as tellers. Well, we better get him. We better get all the schmothaers man before they grow up and he's there. A little bottom of there. We'll fight him over here. So are the tellers. You know, your intellectual level on a scale of minus infinity is so spectacular that there are no words to describe it. You and Tim Hardaway, I hope that you will be able to have a wonderful act together. Maybe you can a lope and find some wonderful bliss. I'm sure if I refresh it, we might be right on the verge of a thousand votes on the poll. Not that it means a thing, but to me it's so, you know, I'm such an emotional basketball case. Let's take a few. Nine and ninety five. I hate when I click in the wrong spot, you know, and it gets all blue when you can read the numbers and stuff like that. Have you ever done that? Yeah, yeah. I hate doing that. I hate when that happens. How come you know, the friend is sir, let me tell you this. I would take a Q tip right now. Stick in my ear. Right. You know, it gets a little wax out of there. You hear only what you want to hear. That that's the problem with people like you. You hear what you want to hear. But I just get to say in five minutes ago about political correctness. If you don't like black people, if you don't like Jews, you don't like white people, should it like basketball players, gypsies, Hispanics, whoever the hell it is, you got to write to that opinion. And you write to express it, except in politically correct America. And certainly not on radio TV, we're not a newspaper. Or magas, Zina Gazinman. Because it will come in, Hillary, your ass. Hillary will pillory your ass. You fucking bow! Yeah, you're faking. You know, come and be a faking. Let me have faking. Woo. Yeah. Yeah faking. I can be a faking. But that's my chance. Oh, I'm a faking man. Oh, gay guys got your back. Remember that? Because that's where we're looking for love. It's where you're crack that. To finish hell by me and say, gee, I got sensational hair. Been a lesi, but I'll make fun. Don't poke your nose. That the queer cake boy, lifestyle I chose. Tucker gay jokes and start being violent. Because you might get a decent homosexual violence. Because we don't play your butt. My target like a dog in a character. I don't even like it. You know, I can't see my target but when you sit with a Ray Van. Followed a nine the part. Everyone in your hands on. I know the message. Or the F-A-G since her. Woo. You know, put the tree in her. And don't you forget it. But none of the message. Really old, kinda hard to swallow. Push, turn, turn, sing, and then me. Don't you see your just friends with me? Just friends with me now slide. Whoo, right there. Let me see you do some way to bend me. Oh perfect, I made a wrist limb. Oh, that's a baby just, oh my god. Whoa, now look at your legs in. Oh, I got to wipe this off. Oh, Jesus, this L.R. Showton's name. There's anybody having a white towel on it. Showton's signature fairy. Now we're tossing, cut this crap out. Nobody wants this, so here it's on showton's. I think he's very, I'd say that right now. I never really heard that line in that bit before. But we would have one, no, but anything. And we got a thousand, ten votes, let's hear it. Let's hear it. There it is. Five, six, seven. Let's have a lot more intellectual colors like we've had in our, like that one. Four and four. That's great. Yeah, that was really excellent. You're born a terrorist. They got the explosives built right in right there. And let me ask you this. What if you're born a gay terrorist? Maybe that's why they explode. You know, I'm going to come in, well, as always tomorrow at about 820. You'll be there at 828, whatever you'd drag your ass in. And I want you to give me a verbal lashing. I'm just an idiot. I'm just a moron, right? Yeah. Well, you were telling me that that was the pre-lashing this morning. How about the eyelashings? Yeah, okay. Okay. I'm going to be out to do my eye a little bit of, you know, Yeah, plucked up. Seriously, you know, with you, provoked people, you know, for in the red states, for example, These are people who never get far from the farm, you know, and you're getting far from the Haas or the cow. In fact, they get pretty close to the cow and the sheep, etc. And so they don't really see what the real world is all about. So they're always picking, so I really, I'm just, of course, in that movie. The fact that that movie, because that's big hoopla, Deliberat? No, not that. You pick it on the bees these again. No, the cowboy movie. Or what the hell was it? I've already forgotten the name. Bro, cast mounting. Yes. The fact that that got so much publicity. Oh my god, this is a movie about gay cowboy. First of all, it was, like I told you, I watched it about maybe 45 minutes of it. Maybe not that much. And had nothing to do with gay love or human love or anything at all in that category. All I had to do with was rape. He was raped in the 10th there. And I mean, and of course, this is what Hollywood does. You know, it's just amazing. The stereotypes that Hollywood perpetrates. And yet how many of what percentage of people in Hollywood would you think are gay? About 30 percent. Like the least 60. Yeah. Maybe like 60 percent. And yet they continue to allow these grotesque nasty stereotypes to go on. And it's just pathetic. That's, if you go back, Google for me, making love with Michael Ongk and K Jackson. Now there was a movie that had like, you know, it made some sense. Like a real living and breathing story. Not about some stupid cowboy that was raping his buddy there in the 10th in the middle of the night. And again, like I told you before, the scene that I was... What is it? 82. So there's 25 years ago, quarter of a century that they were able to make a movie like that. And anyway, it was, well, received it. There was no big hoop law, whatever. But 25 years ago, and now they make this stupid ass movie that shows a really, it was almost like cruising. You know, the Al Pacinim movie. Was that violent and that grotesque? Had nothing to do with love. And the summer ends, there's somewhere a passion up there in the mountains, hurting the sheep, which they made herding the sheep, herding her. And hurting each other. And what I saw, yeah, was certain bad. It was a wreck though. Oh, yeah, damn near Killed him. And the, the, he's dead, a father pick up truck. And the other one like kind of walks away. Why do you gotta be doing, you know, like, and there was no emotion. There was not only free of love. There was even a lot of, like any friendship. They didn't even like each other. And there's a big sentence about that. And when you go to the rest of the world, man, you go to like Western. And you go to like Western Europe. And you see the difference in the attitudes. It's like, you're in a different, on a different planet. On a different planet. Nobody gives a crack about these things. But nevertheless, what am I getting all with up about? And all excited. Murderer. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, stop off back. Nothing. Move it. There's less emotion at the end. You only saw the first hour of it. There was a true love between. Yeah. You need to watch the whole movie. You're going to learn. There is no chance of my watching him. There's a better chance of a step out on my balcony right now. I'm taking multi-story plunge. And there is a my watching the rest of that crap. It was a good evening to go. See you, pal. See you. It was true, old man. He just raped him right there. The tent is ripped off his pantal leaves and raped it. And right there, and like, oh, it wasn't that the moving. They were moving all right. It was a lot of moving going on. A lot of grinding and groaning, but other than that. It's just, see, I can't. I already would have blown my brains out a lot of time ago. If I wasted my time worrying about what the rest of uneducated America thinks about game people or about Jews or whatever it is. And of course, being like you said Jewish gay and ugly and old. Oh, my God. I got some of these strikes against me now. It would be a miracle if I could get a fight of the chair to a clock. That was really cute. It was corny. That facts from Larry that I started the show with. Yeah. That was cute. The 60 and 70 80 year old man. He does all his bodily functions before 60. The only problem is he wakes up at 7 o'clock. What's wrong with that? At least he don't have a sack. No, no, no, no, no. Nobody QA in hello. George is dating. But that guy's got the same bad joke that I've had. Probably for a different reason though. WQAM hello. Hey, I felt personally offended. I'm not gay, but I used body wash. So screw you to me. I want to say now. That's an interesting thing. It is Tim Hardaway used body wash. Well, I might have to do that pull again tomorrow. We've done it before a couple of times. But I mean, here is the 15th of February 2007. I want to find out since our audience is overwhelmingly male. Although we can put it on there like we have in the past. You know, female uses soap, but love is there. And then after that, we can do the, and it was not for me. Male who dropped the soap. Yeah, if you're going to start with that trimming the pubes again, I'm going to go out and get that razor again. That was extraordinary. That was really amazing to me. You got to find out about positive feedback from that little hole. That was really, yes. That was quite tacky. People who were wiping tears away while they were wiping something away. Maybe those loose hairs. I'll be very honest with you. I'm not a hair guy. That's one of the other read. I've told you this. That's another reason that I can't deal with soap. I mean, even, I mean, I'm in a shower alone. Is there anybody in there? I wish, but there's nobody else in there with me. But if I see here on the soap, I just want to take the soap in the heave. You know, sure, just throw it away. At least drop it. I don't want to drop the soap. Okay. I think that sounds like switchful thinking on your ear. Yeah, yeah. I do not want to drop the soap. Although it does give a little slippery a time. And the hotel I stayed in Berlin. The Swiss hotel, Swiss hotel. The newest and most modern hotel in the city. Man, that is a bit. And it's got all these glass elevators. Yeah, a little bit freaky. You've ever been in glass elevator? Yes. And in the rooms, you've got a stall shower. And of course, the showers and most hotels aren't big enough to drop. So because if you had a window real quick and pick it up, you'd probably fall on your ass or wherever. Now, that's the body washing is just, that's an classic example. Of course, I don't want to start picking on your people again, but that whole macho thing man. Yeah, no, you're just amazing to me. And the different cultures like, and I've totally this before. In Italy, and a lot of our tad and listeners of the very upset for my say, Oh, no, you're picking on me. I love the tad and I love my tad and food. Mind your mind, you love Italy. Oh, brother. If I had like a Zillion dollars, and I could pick the one place. I mean, I do like Berlin a lot on you. So, well, I'll come you came back early because it was like the middle of February. And I was alone in board, you know, but, uh, role man, I would love to live in role man. I just love it there in the food. Oh, even being the old diabetic that I'm in. Of course, if I lose another 14 pounds of good down to 170, I'm going to tell you something. I mean, I have to start taking some pictures pretty soon with a digital camera and put them on our website and on the MySpace page. Well, we were just talking this morning with Josh Cortis wants to spruce up your WQAM dot com presence. And here we are with that dilemma again that you just won't take pictures. No matter how many cameras people buy for you. Really. Well, my computer expert friend who, you know, lives down stairs. He'll maybe when it comes up to now, have them show me how to do the, because I can obviously do the digital camera. But how I like, it's a breezy baby. Do the thing on the computer and get the pictures on there. So I'll have him give me a little instruction on that. Five different ways to choose from. Fifty ways to choose your brother. I see. Five, six, seven, five, sixty big innocent town about Tim Hardaway and ex-Jock man. He used to take naked showers with a lot of guys and it's not each other on the tile. And I guarantee that those guys are checking each other's, they're checking each other out. You know that. They pretend that they aren't. I know if I was in the shower time, Brady, I'd be checking. I'd be taking a look. Close in person. You know what I'm saying? I'd be taking a peek. That was in that shower with Brady Quinn. I was like, oh, huh. Lucky, lucky. There goes cookie. Remember when you were used to say that. Lucky, but he used to say a lot of things that didn't make any sense. But in retrospect, he was just a great guy. I loved him. Didn't you like him a lot? Were you in the air? Were you in the air? Yeah. I liked him fine. Oh, but not a lot. Not a lot. I mean, he's dead now. Can't he say, you are, you really are tough. You know, they always talk about, no, seriously. I'm on the old emotional, adorable, whatever you call me. I'm going to get pissed off and cut you out. Were you in the air? Yeah. Never. All right. Once for me. You know, that's enough. Oh, yeah. He did do that one thing one day because I made some comment about his show about the Roger. And I had come in the studio and we're going to go some of your says, our topic today. What can we do to improve the new Roger show? Which I gave him. I was standing right there. He didn't do it like we had my back. It was funny. He did it. You know, and fun. And fun. He was a fun guy. There's nothing fun about him. And then after we came to this station, man, he would call it a couple of times and send us a couple of notes. He's a good guy. You know, this business is so full of air holes, man. And you find a good guy like Winery who died like suddenly, like out of nowhere. Well, what's going to happen if I just show who knows. I'm old fart out of shape, abused my body with fat all my life. No exercise. What's going to happen like if I don't wake up tomorrow. If I'm broken a bit. We'll have a big fight over who gets the rights to your carcass. And where should you marry? And everything like that. Because I want to chop you up and option you off on eBay on eBay. Chunks of Neil. It's very frustrating to me. But again, I learned years ago all along. I'm still doing it. But I don't do as much as I used to. Bat my head against the wall to try to change people's attitudes. Just like the thing with the whole my space business. Oh, when you must have the hots for this water now. When you must want to. I, and you know something I just give up. There's no point in trying to convince people, even my friends. Yeah, oh, no, you might know I do not. I'm a have no interest in that. No, no, I think you, yeah subconscious. Everything is subconscious. Can't somebody have honestly positive feelings and vibes about another person without wanting to get in their pants. Oh, that all depends. If they got to pens, I wish I would have had him a couple of days of shit. I wonder if I'm buddy, Harry, Casey's listening. How's it going, Harry? He must be not over day over 90 now. Remember that time? No, you don't remember that time. You do? Sure. When he did, he was at my house and we did the show for my house when I lived in, where the Jack around him. No, I don't remember that time. I remember him calling up a couple of times. Oh, he did, Casey. Hey, Harry. Good guy. All right, he's to, and he brought those of pasty, 18 or 19 year old kids with bad complexion of the house. Well, what are you going to do? Yeah, I didn't do them. I'll tell you that. But anyway, he, yeah, I did the show for my house that one time on Zeta. And the Casey from Casey, the Sunshine van, was there, Harry, Casey from Hylia? How would have he still got all that birds, you know? He had them big parrots and a cockatoo and whatever? Here's a fact that says, I'm clearly George, but I have to put a second. So, there we go. Let's hear a little Casey. Yeah, I hate to say this. I don't hate to say it. I love this girl, and that because I'm gay, it was a great music. I like Casey and the Sunshine van a lot. They were big down here when I was a kid down there. How about we all wait? I will survive. I still like what's geared in that. She's no Casey, and I'll tell you that. Anyway. Don't say boogie man, it's got some bad connotations to a description. We're talking about race and sexual identity and all this stuff. Let me tell you right now. Let me, let me say again, and the words of the great Gary Lawrence, every guy has got his banana stuff. If you're nose out of his banana, especially if you're very man-lover. Oh yeah. It's a Casey mentally from now until the end of the show. We'll talk it up, will ya? Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha ha. That was pretty good. I just had to do it. What does this? Please don't go. Oh it's another Casey. This is not one of my, they're better songs. I love them all. Do you love all a G-song? I love them all. You love all a G-song. Couple of skate in the right direction. Everyone really? Couple skaters only. Good for him. Good for him. That's pretty. That's pretty. Yeah. At any rate. It says we forgot to put some of your own moons. The unification movement on the poll. Also if you like the guy co-pist.cavmands, but you should check out his website cavemancrib.com. It's a real hoot. Cavemancrib.com. Okay. So anyway, my buddy out there. You see, give us a bit of policy right away to become a hand bone. Pretty soon. The reason is going to want to be on the payroll. Although if he keeps sending him to see it, you know, I'll tell you one thing emails and facts is I like a lot. Much better than calls when you agree. Or you can pick and choose. No, that's right. You can pick and choose it. This one is have line. Terrorists are born that way. Well, it's in response to that jack-a. It's a very funny call. I'm going to say that guy to make that call. I couldn't just like the guy with the running naked on the beach. Oh, I'm going to take a fucking serious point for you. That was maybe what five six years ago, maybe more than that. They were poking their boot. Yeah. And it's legendary. It's not as legendary as I am, but then again, who or what is. But that was just so fantastic. Nothing like running naked on the beach with your buddies. Oh, right. He's trying to, you know, not make your point. And he couldn't have done a better job. Yeah, he was, he was gay. He was gay. Is what he was. In denial. Anyway, it says, so I guess that guy was trying to say, just like terrorists are socialized to be that way. Game people are too. Which means that while you were growing up, your parents and the people around, you didn't tell you things that make you gay, just like how terrorists become what they are. We'll have to clean some of this up. Why don't you elaborate, Neil? Why don't you tell the stories about your parents give you naked canvels to play with and finding other gay guys to come and wave their things in your face and turn you find it a side of that, even though you used to like the female thing, you finally see enough balls to turn the tide. Well, cutting ball was a smoothie. Damn it, it's only they put a football in your hands. Maybe to put the wrong kind of balls. And then he says, one effing douche, meaning that terrorists are born that way. Okay, the checks are the males, even you got your own segment now. You know how many people out there at hand bones that really, they just would love because they don't have the balls to call, but they will send just keep sending to good material, okay? And that just tempt everybody, send to good materials, you got any. Thank you so much by the way to Tim Hardaway because, you know, he made this so easy. It's like sliding off a rat, especially for an old bag like me. And that's why you're a little more and more now I talk more about my feelings about different people like if I see somebody on television like that weather guy that I keep got it other day. I don't see him back under anymore and I think it's my fault. I think they were afraid I was going to come stalking after him man. He was really high. But anyway, see I do that kind of stuff. And you know what, if anybody doesn't like it, go away. That you know, a million choices, okay? That's a fancy way of me. That's a fancy way of me. You know what? Good. If it's a fancy view, that means you better start thinking about something. And we have a little food for thought. Chew on it. Chew on this. WQAM Hello. Yes sir. Obviously, you have a way that's been enjoyed this way. WQAM Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. My generic call from beyond the grave for gay. My call from my key. Emily, Emily, that's a step as a barge speaking of barge and get tip two by a barge from gay and see it all number. Short word. And don't forget they got package deals. They got package deals. What was that? That was some a cruise line thing. They got package deals. Whatever the hell I was. Yeah, whatever. Oh my god. Oh yeah, Lord Handbone. Okay. Lord Stephen Handbone. Here we get a lot of handbones out there who want to, you know, they want to publicity. I'll give you attention. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, I'll be provided in singular wireless line. WQAM Hello. Oh, how's that? This, you know, waving bother. WQAM Hello. Oh, boy, oh, boy, oh, boy. I love you. WQAM Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Yeah. That was it. That was all. That was just it. That was him. That was him. One of him. Him? Yeah. It was like I'd say it's name on the air. It was a good word. WQAM Hello. So, Neil. Talk about what you got to answer on my MBC. What you're wearing from the cops. Talk about that. Okay, when I ran from the cops, I didn't run from the cops. What you wearing? Yeah. WQAM Hello. Two A M. Hello, Neil. Yes. I think it's really sad that the men get so freaked out about, you know, in a locker room if some guy looks at him, it might have a stirring down there because men in the NBA don't announce that they're gay until they retire. But the women in the WNBA, like Cheryl swoops in the ancient Leavehrman, they say, they have gay and they bring their girlfriend in the locker room. There's no problem. No, that's not what the men. It was Lesby and they're beautiful and great. Right. Okay, guys. Lesby and they're in and facts are still on out of the country. But he had a funny part of this whole thing with some heart of ways. The fact that he's been in a locker room when I guarantee you there was a gay team that he made in there looking at his stuff. And he just didn't know. Oh no. Oh no. But he's thinking about that right now. I don't know. I don't know. I've got to be a neighbor and never played the NBA in mid-Aulas, but he's not. Yeah, but his car wash is open though, but though they're not happy about it. His car wash? Yeah. His car wash, you know. The yellow. The yellow. The one down in Miami. I sure hope no fans go run into that car wash. It's called the hand wash. See ya. So there are any straight WNBA players. I don't know. And I don't care. I think there's a lot. I'm not really interested in sports that are like, it's like gay softball and ladies, golf and all these, yeah. I like sports where there's like some real athletic competitions they say as opposed to just, you know, people are there because they happen to be gay like that. You know what I mean? We'll sports. Real athletic competitions. Like hockey players. Like the ones that put the marshmallows in each other. Like don't kind of stuff. They get the kids on the bus and like have their way with them. Probably it's past noon at five, 60 wqam. What was that? 4kc. 4kc. You're obsessed with hair or casey. It's tough. Every now and then you see him. Like on TV. Like in New Year's or something. Like a lot of mys. A lot of pancake. A lot of pancake make up. And a lot of, let's say he's stuff like that. He can deal with it. He can hear it's a good idea man. It's really good. It brings back all the good memories. Because when you get to be 90 and you try to like start singing on your own. It'll be like me trying to do the show here. What I'm 90. Hello. What's good on? Like that. Yeah. I don't think I'm ever going to be like that though. There we go. Now we're talking. That's the way I like it. The way I heard it. Yeah. A lot. Gay. Right. I'll talk about homophob. Oh man. I'll talk about the door door door door door. Just obsessed. When he found out that Raymond Burwishki, how's he was doing? Put his wig. Very nice. And he's done. Nice talk up there old queen. Providence Pass Nune in 56WQN 3. Holy makin' on! This is Joe Bol in the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. After not long man. Stay away from me. I'm not going to let you out. After not long man. I'm not stopping you. I'm not going to let you out. So come here bangin' on my car door. You can have him you new me whore. She will grab a knife to attack you. And wear a diaper so she don't stop too poo. Crazy mama. Stay away. Hey. That's your not long man. What will your kids say? Hey. From 18 at 5.60WQN. So if you tune in late, if you've been sleeping, if you've been hiding under the bed, or under a rock, probably a good idea. But anyway, Tim Hardaway says he doesn't like gay people. Hardaway is straight yesterday. Hardaway left wing right wing. I think white one would have been more appropriate. When you. Oh yeah. Hardaway right wing. As a right wing, a whole. I guess what to me, we don't like you either. Okay. Is it makes a difference? I would know if he walked in here right now. With a big basketball on his hand. Yeah. My purse used to give me like Barbie dolls. Not. You know, the thing that really gets some people. It's like it's I think that's why broadcast modeling was like so I'm shocking to somebody stupid people. Oh, these are cowboys. These are masculine guys. It's fake killer. Oh, what's the other group falls name? I can't think of his name. Yeah, they're right. Heath Ledger. Heath Ledger. Yeah. Much to do about nothing by the way. But anyway, these are like pansy, fruity guys. And how can they be? I have a friend in this business who never worked in this market. But anyway, I'm not going to use his name on here. Well, just use his first name. Frank. Any work with me in East Lansing? Any work with me in Sarisota? And he's been, I think he's still in Orlando. He's been on the air for years. He's a news guy. And anyhow, he's okay. And probably the most deep voice, the most master looking guy with a mustache to whole thing. I mean, he looks like the moral brawl man. But this stereotype is always like the, and of course, to me, this is great job of that. And how he would especially is always the limp-rusted pansy. You know, like the real effect today. You know, I'm talking about the human behavior with every minority. That is correct. Except always. I beg your pardon. Well, they don't stereotype Jews in Hollywood because they all are. That was a joke. Would you say? 560, 560, 560, the Verizon singular wireless line. Let's hear it again. The terrorists are, yeah, they're born that way. Born that way, just like Gaze are born that way. Or whatever. And Gaze terrorists look after the organ. They are really. Filing. WQAM. Hull in me. QAM. Oh, yes, I'd like to present you. Speaking. Yeah. Yes, ma'am. Hi. I love you so. And you're the best. And Neil Hardaway has a year to go. You lost the game when we almost have a camping ship to play 90's for us. The short one of you about I. And I just think it was. He's a very bad word. It will consume him. Okay. I think he's going to burn in hell is what I think. Can boy, there'd be a lot of burlather to burn. You know what I'm saying? By the aiming. What was she like talking to a strainer or something or like, What was that? I don't know. He had been through a strainer. Wow. Tell if she had her own studio there. She had the monitor turned up too loud. Was he in her own feedback? Everybody's got their own show going today. This is good. I know. I can do it. Everybody's a right material for me and got their own a sound effects. I think I yesterday that had that. That's I heard we. Fully. Parade going on a protest. That was good. WQAM. Hello. So being gay isn't a choice. No, it is not. Wow. That's true. To me. So you don't you don't choose to be that way? No. Okay. When did you decide to be straight? What? What? When I went through puberty and realized that I like girls. Oh, you were my way, man. You realized you liked it. You didn't decide that you liked them. You realized that you liked them. It was a, I came to the decision. No, no. It's not a, it's not a decision. It's a realization. You realized that you were attracted to the opposite sex. I decided I liked girls and that guy. You decided? You decided? You liked guys. You like guys? You want to keep changing the word. You said you realize not decided you realize that you can of course I could sit here and talk from now till midnight and you're like, just keep dog chasing it still. You're repeating this thing. You'll still thought I'd had this conversation with them. In other words, you asked them. Are you attracted to guys? Because then it's a choice. For him. That's right. If you're attracted to both sexes and you decide to have sex with women. That you may be a choice. That's right. That's a very good point. Hey, let's separate George on that. He's not doing too bad. And I've had this conversation with people. Oh, it just wears me out. I said, I don't really give a crap. If you want to come up with excuses, whether it's the Bible says the Bible also says that this will be the children should surely be stoned to death. Okay? So the idiots that worked at primitive crap 5,000 years ago. If you're going to try to use that to tell me how to live my life, I say screw you is what I say. I say get yourself some help. And that's what the whole world needs today. Right this moment is some help from all these religious nutshots. Their Bible says this and this one's Bible. And even the ones that got the same Bible who interpreted differently like the Sunnis and the Shiites. Well, Muhammad did this. He wiped with his right hand. No way, life for his left hand. Yadiyadi, yadiyadi. All this silly crap. Just open up your brain. Okay? Just be more of a accepting person and suffering about judging other people. WQAN Hello. I can play music for a month. WQAN Hello. Deal. Yes, sir. Hey, the idiot on the press conference yesterday was saying that we don't fight the terrorist there. We'll be fighting up here. Oh, were they doing that again? Yeah. Does that make any sense? No. And I'm out of a material. Okay. There's a bulletin for you. We've only heard that. How many Zidian times? Three days at the time. Yeah, for that I don't fight them over there. We'll be fighting them here because we know the Iraqis, of course, where a tremendous threat to us. Not the other way. The other way is to flew the planes and after all, right? Now, of course, now that we know that, now we can go and nukhthem into a submission into oblivion. And people are worried about Tim Hardaway, he says that he don't like gay people. Well, guess what? You know, Tim and you are a moron. You're an idiot. You're a dumb jock. And that's, you know, it's just the way this. So consider the source. That's the way I look at a lot of things in life. I consider the source. Yeah, they're a good even Jennifer in his honor. How's Jennifer doing? By the way, we're here from her honor. And we're here from her lately. Hey, call her right, Jennifer. Yeah, keep in touch with us, Jennifer. There's another one of our fine people from IOD, Jennifer Rem. Now, there was some people over there. We'd like to not ride your maglain, though. You hated him like poison. It was because he tried to get your job ten times. And it was his fault that we're nearly cussing the aunt too. But nevertheless, well, there you go. Two way in, hello. Yes, sir. Hello, me and I are doing great. We're going to the next step for Tim Hardaway. He's going to be rehab. And after that, he's going to find God. Yeah, he's just like, uh, ten people. All right, now I have a request, Neil. Yes, sir. Fire, cutting, Chris, go, please. Cassen, Chris, go. Yes, thank you. Okay, I'll do it and I'll play it. I'll do both. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I might want to play that now. And I'll get out of the way. Cassen, Chris, go. If I could find it. Oh, it is. Well, I'm quick, man. I'm top of it. I'm good. If you find your cat, Chris, go. You've helped me. Make him tasty and Chris be everywhere. If you find your cat, Chris, go. Ah! You've called me, but I think it's everywhere. But call for nature. And I'm more like a patience, grows in. Overcomes to nature. Green peace and the nature. Green peace and the nature. You're catching, Chris, go. Maybe because it's going to be easy done. And your purpose is going to start inverting. And you're going to be tuking your vessel. What's the poor quality? Come on. That's a couple of weeks. Isn't it? Poor. Come on. Come on. Come on. Mark. Mark. I thought Perum was only one day. I do believe. But I think we corrected me on that. You better start knowing your Jew Holliday is Mr. I had that calendar back here somewhere. I got it in my under the Tom Brady picture up there. I sure don't want to get that thing out today. Get everybody all whipped up into a frenzy. What is it? Is it on the counter in there? He can't find it. No, no. I think for a while. Wait a minute. Developing story in Hollywood. And tell he makes his ruling. You got to see the medical exam. And then he forms the body is decomposing. Point in and across low decomposing. Oh, man. I can smell it all the way up here. Oh, that's bad news. I will say this though. You notice this. The good news is that we have to see very little about that. All of a sudden the last maybe 24 hours. Hmm. Maybe there's hope after all. I doubt it. But just maybe there's a little bit of hope. Thousand ninety-two votes on the four. We're going to have eleven hundred plus. I'm going to make sure we do 12 today. That'll be really something. Even though almost 20 people are sending audience hate this pool. They hate me. They hate fags. And they certainly hate this pool. They hear so many standing here and telling the boys they had heard. They're not police for the way. They've got the flag. And not the flag. They hear us in the far middle Houston. They're looking for the woman who's up. Can't land. They're friends and the buddy. Please look at the night. Gonna see if that's what's going on. I'm gonna find a rolling net. A link in the screen. The theory of what's they give. She was driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving, driving in the riding mode, look it it theけて council, get almost確 fib Seg . ANNNED you know. Yeah. We know that's still making me straight. You know, the guy had a call a minute ago, he uh, without realizing it because he was a jerk, without realizing it, he came up with a very good couple of words there. Decided, yeah, and realize, huh? And he started with, he said, he realized that he was attracted to the opposite of the words. And we all realize the same thing, right? You realize in other words, what, if you're sitting in a mall, let me give you the name analogy. You're sitting in a mall on a bench. And, you know, as a crowded mall, like the Eden Center here. And there's a whole bunch of people uh, mosing on by and you look in your sea, certain people and you go, you know, for example, we've had the argument the Zidian times about, you know, and I'm not an argument, but the observation that I can tell really hot looking chick as well as any straight guy, believe me, I have excellent taste in human flesh. But because I can see that she looks great, doesn't mean I want to do something essentially because it doesn't turn me on. It doesn't have that biological effect on me. And yet, if I'm sitting in the same basin, I see some hot looking young guy, I'm going to, like that. Yeah, kind of like Ms. Foley, right? That's right. That is exactly right. The fact if you, you know, the Kinsey thing, they hooked up electrodes to guys genitals and they measured the response to certain stimuli. You're complaining about that? No, well, you should. I mean, you're supposed to know everything. Well, that's what. So there's something to look forward to is reading about that and how they hooked up these electrodes to their genitals and then they were able to measure accurately, how they responded. The very stimuli. Okay. And it's the same thing. You don't decide you realize that, oh, I sure like that. That's sexually appealing to me. It's not a decision that you make. You don't sit down one day and say, oh, I think I'm going to give playboy magazine and get all worked up about that. And that's not a decision that you make. You don't sit down one day and say, oh, I think I'm going to give playboy magazine and get all worked up about that and hide that thing under my bed. Nobody does that. Nobody decides on their sexuality. It is what it is. Right. And this business like it, like we're talking rocket science here, oh, how many times did he ask me? The same question. Well, you didn't make a decision or did not make a decision. It was just a weird. Just like it was for you, sir. Okay. Just like it was for you. And it's like, oh, well, I can't understand that. Well, you know what? That means you're stupid. You have total stupidity. You're an idiot. You're a moron. 560560 realized in the side. I think about those two words. Okay. Did you realize what it was that turned you on or did you decide what you were going to be attracted to? I mean, I just got to be one of the most stupid things I've ever heard in my life. You decided that you were going to be like into, well, whatever. You know, well, they gave us this catalog. They're, you know, we look. We're serious catalog. I sure hope not. JC Penny. Oh, if you're ever out there in the, and they told us to pick you, you know, an underwear ad of an underwear model that you wanted. There you go. WQAM. Hello. QAM. You, yes, sir. I'm not way out to me. Doesn't like the gaze. Doesn't get a tiny sparkle. 560560, POM560, they've arrived in singular. Wireless line. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. They knew I have a question about the accident. You had a few days ago. Was that on the air or off the air? The accident in my pants? Yeah, that's right. Was off the air. Off the air? Yeah. What, what do you mean was it on the air? In other words, that I sit on the microphone and make like, because sounds and stuff. No, it was not on the air. Not during the show. Oh, because they wouldn't have been funny. It was on the air. Yeah, well, it was pretty funny off the air. Yeah, what have been funny for was on air? Hmm. So what you can do tomorrow? What did you? Yeah, I'll work on it. Okay. I'll go ahead and get something to bunch of silver to tell you. And see if I can have like a little something on the air. In fact, I'll maybe even stick your nose up to the speaker in your radio and like maybe even sniff it. Hmm. I'm sure he's already doing that. Have a nice prune day-dish. Oh, that might do it. Oh, prunes. People at he prunes, like speaking of home entouching. That was prune month. Get the ones for the poppy seeds, maybe the nice fluffy ones. And those little triangles, those little rocks man, they're for going. Believe you me. That's probably a terrible spot. And don't forget, if you're born a terrorist. Yeah. Too much to a messy electric prunes. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I think 69 I would say 68 69. My wife is the 7th. Oh, close. See, I started back in a way from the I said 68. I was going to say 67. And I said, not. I'm right outside. Can you make me feel? Yeah. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. So I'm walking on a string one day and I decide, I think I'll be gay today. You know, that guy is so stupid, you know? Yeah. And by the way, I'm a gay. He was got. You think they take the pin back if they knew that? Yeah, I'm sure they would. Uh-huh. I can't say they were they'd finished. Right, Tom? Uh-oh. Hey, Neil. I love your show. Thanks for making a clap. Thanks, Pally. Bye bye. Yeah, the escals, of course, we had that a whole big thing about the scouts. They don't want no fags in there. And all that. Just imagine all the places where there is factory going on. Okay, like in the Navy, I just, I mean, we were talking about that Georgian I'd be for the show today. All those seamen out there are no shifts from months at a time. Right. You can only begin to imagine and remember, right? Yes. Olden days of seafaring where it was considered bad luck to even have a woman on board the shift. Real, how gay is that notion? Well, I sure sound. Bye, Neil. To me, well, they don't want the, believe these are interrupting. The ladies is your rose with the lady. I'm a lady. Oh, brother. You know, why can't you just get a life? Why do you people out there and including Tim Hardaway talk about a lifeless jackass? You're an A whole Timmy. Believe you me. I don't care how many millions you got. I don't care how many slime of jams you did. You're still a jackass, your goofball. And, you know, I might even come in and listen to some of, I'm sure I won't. But, you know, I'm almost tempted to listen to some of the, reparty on the station. Because what I heard this morning may be one of gag. So much stupidity. And, of course, the rejoiners that come back to me were like, I mean, what, what is wrong with you people? I mean, you're listening to a swirl and you're sitting there like, well, you know, but it would be pretty good for the, but you never stole a freight train and Timmy, see anybody that ever wore a jack strap on it, 20 hours a day on this radio station is a hero. They can do no run. Just like OJ, if they, you know, that's what I mean. They're murdered couple of people who, whoever it is, they can do no wrong. They're heroes. We should idolize them. We should sniff their jack. We should send them lots of money in a brown paper bag. Now, for the stiff wood, heterosexual counseling center, the Reverend Ted Haggard. You know, friends, you may remember here in about me a few months ago when there was a nasty rumor that involved in me and a male escort. Well, it turns out that I was just confused. After walking with the trying professionals at the stiff wood, heterosexual counseling center, I can probably say I am 100% straight. That's right. You'd never catch the Reverend Ted Haggard cheering a Snickers bar with another money until our lips made in a kiss. Of course, if I was strained at all the days, your dial was, let's say, Brad Peeft. And we had no food. And it turns out Brad was hiding a Snickers bar and I caught him eating it and I started knowing only other end in my lips, accidentally brushed Brad Peeft with, well, I wouldn't be gay, right? Where was that? Oh, yeah, now that I am 100% not gay, 100% I can live a normal life. Not tormenting the or something, certainly, certainly, and I can do 100% normal stuff. Like, drop through my neighborhood, like I am Nio, chicken out the chicks. Hey, baby, go out and get lunch, fly and cure. Welcome to Dairy Clean. Can I take your order? Yes, I would like the footlong hot dog with mustard and veins. The stiff wood heterosexual counseling center. When you need to claim your homo, no mom. Isn't that about to Carlislaw Moussian, your sovines? It's 1246-14-1 a QA and here's some good news. Finally, well, to slowly depressing things to learn, of course, we got that jackass team hardwagon. I'm more about him here too now. But here's the good news. Keith Oberman will continue to be a Thorne and Bill Araleys side for least four more years. That's the best news I've heard in a long time. I love Keith O'Ne, he's the best. Now, you watching him now? I'm out down on MSNBC-8-9 P and nightly. I watch what I remember and then when listeners send the YouTube clips of something really good that he did. I watch that. He is the very best. NBC News announced today it's agreed to a second term with NBC. NBCC countdown host is contract with Duders Farne and the next month. The extension will take away the 2011. Besides feuding with Fox News channels, O'Ne and the Oberman has become a liberal hero. He has seen his ratings increased since launching a series of anti-bush commentaries late last summer. His prime time program, Edward 715,000 viewers in January, Court of Nielsen, while his audiences often less than a third of O'Ne and the same time's line, Oberman's viewers ship is of 85 percent over January of last year. Nice going, Keith. Oberman also contributed to a case in Los States when we see nightly news and there will be two prime time countdowns, Fescal 0 and NBC. I'll send NBC News President and see campus. I wonder if he's kind of a Charlie campus, doesn't both the same way. Remember for Charlie campus, who he died? For Charlie campus. He used to be a, he was a program director once I had a WNWS, was in a wheelchair. I remember what he had to be very honest with him and we called me up one time and said, you know where I can get a liver? I'm very serious about that's a bummer of a phone call. Yeah, I said not not really. Let me look at a little bit of a fridge. I've been overwhelmed and I remember some guy called me up some old rednecky guy called up one day. Oh, for Charlie campus. And was crying on ear, my God. I mean, you know what I was sad, Charlie was a nice guy, but for Charlie campus. Wow. And they're amazing the things that you remember, the things that you can't remember. We're probably the important ones, but I remember all kinds of crap. I've been overwhelmed by support for this newscast, but inside NBC and among our remarkable viewers, overmaid said, let me say it again. If I recommend one show on your television said, that is the one. We all do respect, you know, to my friends who left their wrestling and all that Vince McMahon, all that stuff. I'm in a Keith Oberman kind of frame. Boy, right. I'm very, a little more team now. Good. Hmm. Skalding hot. Anyway, here's the update on the Timmy Hardaway. Hey Timmy. You're fairery. Silly person. The NBA today removed Tim Hardaway from its all-star weekend activities. A day after he said, I hate gay people in a way to end view with the Harold's chiefs force columnist. The NBA canceled all of Hardaway's assignments this weekend, including an appearance as an NBA legend at the YMCA of Southern Nevada and participation in the NBA's Community Care Van leading up to Sunday's all-star game in Las Vegas. It is inappropriate for him to be representing us, given the disparity between his views and hours, NBA commissioner David Steer and said to stay with the NBA. I think I already read that before, but let's do it again, kill some good time. Hardaway shouldn't have apologies several hours after making comments on the Dan LaBastard show on 790 the ticket. That will teach him to go on that stupid as station. Yes, I regretted he told Channel 7, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said I hate gay people or anything like that. Too late. Members of gay organizations reacted swiftly to Hardaway's comments. Obviously, I'm disappointed in Tim Hardaway being that Tim Hardaway was one of my favorite basketball players to Donald Morris, making director of Black gay Prada South Florida. It creates a hostile environment for any player contemplating coming out of the closet. I think all you facts, all you closet fact athletes should come out this weekend. Come on. Coming out today this weekend, just to stick it right into Hardaway's face, all if you didn't you might like it. He added, for Tim to be a person from IME where there was always has always been a diverse community, perverse. He should have been more sensitive to his environment. I've always looked up to Tim as a leader for him to take a stance that way really hurts me, he said. It hurts. Steve Atkins, president of the big game, must be in chamber of commerce at Hardaway's apology makes no difference. It's a very simple process to say no, or I'd rather not comment, that it go on to record make malicious and bigoted statements at Con said. Let's just say that I'm very disappointed that if someone in this day in H.H. has these kind of feelings, they're not intelligent enough to keep them with themselves. Beyond that, there's no place in our society for that kind of hatred and bigotry. And the stories, Steve said. Hardaway played for the heat from 95 through 2001, his own several businesses since we've tiring, including a car wash establishment, the game, was that's what that lady was talking about. And the chicken wings were a strut and coke and a grow. Hardaway played for five teams and was a five-time ulcer averaging 17.7 points, 8.2 a set of assets, other on the ass part. Well, I guess if he hates gay people, he should have won any you gay people, pay off patronizing any of the businesses, okay? Probably get your car wore someplace else. And I don't know if he still got the chicken wings to it, okay? I'm kind of chicken schmit to me, but nevertheless, so that's the latest done that written by very jackass and Steve Rothhouse at the hero. Since this is a major breaking developing, which is sure a lot more of setting in the enemy's body and in a cool, what I call enemy? Alright, how is enemy by the way? Haven't heard for a long time, really? Want to LA disappear? Are you serious? Yeah? Anybody doesn't know who enemy is? She did some great things for both of us. Oh, I know, and nobody should have done today. Have yourself done on person phone. Like that, that was one of them. She's a real sweetheart and George had the hospital her by the way. I don't know what ever happened there or if anything ever did happen, I'm sure we are going to hear about it here on the air, but nevertheless. Wow. Now did I say something wrong? What? Yeah, I don't think I said anything wrong. I just said that you had the hospital. Are you watching TV here? Yeah, right. You're like a bird. Oh, I did my prayer lot. Your life is not listening to this show. Okay, sure she does. She does. Sorry, Crystal. Don't not look into creating any more problems. Any more than the obvious one. You know, you like that whole thing with you. So exaggerated. How long have you been married? We've been together like that for 20 years. How long? 19 years. And what about 10? Five minutes. Oh, seriously. How long? Is that a bad question? How long have you been married? No, I'm doing. We've been married like 10 years. Yeah. I'm saying there are a lot of people living in sin. There's nothing wrong with that. I mean, step up to whatever you want to do and whoever you want to do. That's one of the things that we hadn't commented. We thought the whole concept is hokey. Hokey? Marriage. Oh, I see. Well, it's probably not a really good idea for a lot of people. I would say that. What's the suggestion with hokey? Yeah, and especially since the divorce rate is over 50% right now. Just living together is a really good idea. And then if the bitch gets really sorely and kick her ass out again. That's right. Tell me the QAM hello. QAM hello. Yes. Hello. Yeah. Hey, how you going? Pretty good. Hey, good to call you a couple of things ago. But I guess you wasn't feeling well. You're talking about the Neil's trip guide and letter of report, right there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Company working for a set of Neil over two to Reno, Italy. All right. Tony, no. That's kind of an industrial city, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of people here. Yeah. Let me tell you something sir. Any place you've got not one evening, not this time of the year, right? Yeah. That's the problem. I think it's winter time over there now. It sure is. That is. I mean, any difficult turn is placed or what would you say? I've never been there. No, it's not a really a tourist place. To Reno is more of an industrial city in Northern Italy. So dress warm and have a good time in mind, jaman jaman. I'm sure the food is wonderful there, like it all of a sudden. Well, I sure wish I had like a $0. I would just I would travel from the Northern tip all the way to the bottom of the boot. I would go from Torino to Citi to Palermo and then Corioni. I don't know. It's kind of silly, isn't it? See how our minds are affected by like Godfather business? I mean, what would be the reason as a tourist that you would waste your money and go to, you know, Corioni? Oh, being your product brings all over your nice side of Lake. So just to you see the scene, you know what I mean? What? No, just to say, I'm not interested in pressing other people and believe me, I do a good job of that. I don't impress much of anybody. But like in Carmel, I remember I won. What is that called? Is it the West Coast Highway in California? Okay. Is it the West Coast Highway? No, that's it. Very good. You've been there. How Chris? Yes. And I drove through Carmel. And you remember to move me play Misty for me with finished wood and a Jessica Walter, which is We know by the sea. Carmel, then what a beautiful place, man. And in a very dry, on that same highway that was very much featured in that movie was just beautiful, seen me. That's a good movie. Plemisty for me. Jessica Walter. Now all of his her name and the movie. Oh, geez. I can't remember what the character was. But I know, and who else was in that? Oh, geez. The blonde from not slanting. Deborah Mills. Not Deborah Mills. What was her name? Oh, I love that. Plain Misty. I don't know. Oh, you said, play Misty for you, sir. Yeah. Here I do. I don't want to be a wreckage from about a hundred years ago. The Earl Gardner triodied. And you remember in the movie that he was he was a disdoucce from me. So when he was cueing up the record and he was he just put the needle. Yeah. The arm on the record. And like split it. I mean, he wasn't listening. Never got in it. Right. Any movie. Any TV show. How difficult is it for somebody in the entertainment business to order cue up a record back in the days when we played records? I don't know. In a radio station. You know, it's just like, what do we look like that? And of course, you know, it's like that. It's like that's typically talk radio. You know, Eric Baro. Right. That's the only movie in my life. I ever kept looking at my clock to see it because I knew how long the movie was. Every week. How much longer before it's found out. And movie. WKRP. Crazy. Every movie. Every TV show that has a radio station. And that they do it wrong. Because I know I always in my history and the business in my 400 years in radio. The producers always sitting is here spinning around like a cradle. I felt like a big space. But there's a lot of things in the world. And maybe I have a crack with my hands to take me. And I'm so thankful that you're happy all but there's no sadness like that. One to two hours. She's a sprites. A blind star. A machine. That's what they say. So I feel like she'll be. Tell you that you're clear, but men do want to do mine. John Baro has captured men. He'll be blind. Make more motion fishes when they're on any lift. I've these names on their closest petrules, friends. She's a sprites. A sprites. A sprites. That's what they say. So I feel like she'll be. She's a sprites. A sprites. A sprites. A sprites. A sprites. A sprites. A sprites. A sprites. A sprites. A sprites. A sprites. A sprites. A sprites. A sprites. A sprites. A sprites. A sprites. A sprites. A sprites. A sprites. A sprites. A sprites. A sprites. A sprites. She's a sprites. She's a sprites. The only people who got enlightened people, I'm talking about not more. It's not idiots, not uneducated people. But like you're in the light camp, you're truly. You only gain people that we care about outing. Are those people who are deeply in the closet, and are liars, nirborigrits and phones, like you're governor for example. Somebody sent us on our Myspace page, a picture of a governor, your gig governor, along with what's your name? Mark Foomis Foley. Okay. Side by each. With that kind of like a game. Small underpressed. Like they both knew. Like they both swallowed a canary. And they knew something. Salman Ellis scare. Consumers told that it's dry peanut butter. Oh, speaking of peanuts. I think it was a flight. I had them everywhere. One of my flights. You know, kind of a flighty kind of a guy. But anyway, I'm a plane in the amounts. Over to PA. We have a child on board who has a severe peanut allergy. And we're in fact in the, huh? You mentioned that. I think I'll see. I don't know if you mentioned it. I didn't mention it on here. And I was never aware of the fact that even if you're eating like a Snickers bar, something that's got peanuts in it, and you're like within the same area, that stuff. Whatever is in the peanuts gets in the air. I didn't know that. I get, well, have you never been close to someone who's eating peanuts and smelled their breath? Eating what? Oh, peanuts. Yes. You don't have to be that close either. They fill the room with a stench of peanut breath. What are you talking about? Are you crazy? What's wrong with peanut breath? It smells nasty. It smells nasty. It smells nasty. When someone's living them in chew and on peanuts and you can smell it. They've got a little peanuts anyway. They've got a little peanuts anyway. They've got a little bit of a, yeah. Oh, I do like Snickers bar, you know. So in other words, I sort of stuff just gets into the air and I guess it depends on how sensitive they are. Wow. Well, conagraph foods is told consumers to discard certain jars of Peter Pan and great value peanut butter after the spread was linked to a summoner lab right then. Second almost 300 people nationwide. I'm just passing as long as a pubic service for all you peanut butter lovers out there. Lids of jars with a product code beginning 211 can be returned to conagraph or refund the company said product code beginning with 2111. The summoner lab break which federal health officials say yesterday is sick in 288 people in 39 states and Zagas was linked to a tainted peanut butter produced by conagraph with a plant and silvestor Joja. A lot of it to that's a wonderful place. Silvestor Joja. Man. If you want to know what America is all about think of places like silvestor Joja and A and Tree. How summoner would have been to peanut butter still on investigation. So Dr. Michaelins and epidemiologists have been sentenced for disease control and prevention. CDC officials believe the summoner offered to be the nation's first stemming from peanut butter. Peanut butter I can take it or leave it. It's just like a lead on your teeth and gets your whole mom like that. Not a good idea if you're going to do that before the show. Don't like it. Fair. Did you say fair? Are you saying like it as a kid but then like act after years of eating nothing but the most cases reported in New York Pennsylvania Virginia Tennessee and Missouri about 20% of the people were hospitalized that were no dead flu instead of 85% of the infected people said they ate peanut butter. CDC officials said what about the other 15% they liked it. Kind of official said it was unsure why the CDC identified peanut butter is a source of the problem. It's own sense. I haven't been playing that at all this week. That's what the problem is. There you go. And the alternate version. Do you like it? Maybe I do. We're trying to investigate and understand what else we need to do or should be doing. And Chris Percher spoke for the CDC. Culture quality recall of Percussion. We want to do what's right by the consumer he said. Kind of official seven said how much peanut butter is covered in the recall. The peanut brand a peanut pan brand is sold in a sandwich. I do like peanut pan peanut butter. I don't eat it. I don't eat it. I don't eat it. I don't eat it. I can't remember how many years it's been since I ever had peanut butter. Peanut butter is like you know for Graham peanut butter and jelly sandwich. It's like chocolate like a Reese's peanut butter. I hate peanut butter and candy. Oh God. Do I hate that? I've got to tell you before. Mushrooms I love. I love like mushrooms with onions. You know fried. Oh, do I love mushrooms? And I love mushrooms in an omelet. But mushrooms on pizza. Oh God. I hate that. Interesting. It depends on the kind of. What is it? The kind of mushrooms you know you can get those canned kinds which are good. But then those other sliced fresh ones that are like the fungus kind that you put in a salad. Oh yeah. Yeah those are not very good on a pizza. No, not at all. That's the kind of usually put on a sliced one. Sliced. That. Oh not for me. Next come here. Anyway, so the what's that code number again on the top of the list? In this case, Lizard Dars with a product code beginning 2011 can be returned to Connever for refund or just toss them. Possibly the pet cat will enjoy it. Sure lot nice and stick it in the microwave. 140 votes on the pool. What is that pool by the way? Sure. I haven't been too poll intensive today and that's because they hate it anyway. They don't like this pool. I'll try to do better tomorrow. Now what was I going to do? I better write that down. What's that? Body wash. That's right. You don't want to do that again. I do. No, I think we shouldn't. We should do the grooming. Do the one. The grooming. We're right after it. We're right to change my religion or lack of one. I prefer to become. That's the pool question. I hate the pool. 255. 20%. What make 1200 by the way? Well there's an in the cool and the Howard Kaster wants to bury the Bahamas. Just stick your body in the ground. Okay stick your ass in the ground already and stop the stench. Go to town. I said to me. Man. Stick your up on a wall. Stuff your ass. I don't stick your up on a wall. Mount her. Well I would mean the first time. And atheist 1993 and agnostic 180, a Buddhist 172, a Jew 68. A wicked 59, a Zion Catholic 50, a devil worshiper 44, want to be a Catholic 41. I'm sure that William Don Who likes that with his teeth clenced. Yeah. Boy you talk about farbizzen. He's he's it. He's the poster child for farbizzen. A Protestant 31, a Scientologist 14, a Mormon 14, a Hindu 11, a Shiite Muslim 7 and a Shiite Assunim Muslim 2. So the Sunnis shared said, I learned about him fighting it out again. 1152, will make 1200 easy. What we Chris. Stop it. No problem. Communion Al Franken, he's really funny. Yeah. Very funny. No one for his last meeting sat there. The American right discarded his testimony wise. Cracks has announced several yesterday. He would run for the US Senate. We already know this of course. And a video posted on his website. No gags, no barbs. As it confirmed early reports, so make a bid to become Minnesota's next senator. He won any awards for his writing on the Hitchhills Saturday night. Life leader with voters to take his candidacy seriously, even though he owes his famed to comedy sketches and joke writing. Yeah. Well, at least get him off the air anyway. That's a public service. Don't be too AWM. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. I'm doing good. Good. Not that it affects you in Toronto, but down here. I have two jars that are in my pantry and one of my refrigerator. Peter Pan, Peter Butter, with the code of 2111. Oh, my, oh, my, oh, my guy. Wow. Sir, you know, you mentioned all the states, but it's in Florida too. Well, today's the thing I told you, man, you showed us crap out of the front. I heard it actually headed on the news this morning. And I was, so I called public some they just bring it right in. Bring it right on back. They'll take a curie. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I'll go away. New to. Vand you thought out about that. And like he said, he heard it somewhere else. He couldn't give me the credit for it. That would have been a little bit too agentiled into you. But it would have been a two nice. Everybody's so damn nice today. We don't want to be too nice. Except, of course, with a guy that said it gaze in terrorists. Or is it a line again that he used? People are born terror. People are born terrorists. I think I even wrote that down. I'm one of my 400 emails here. People are born terrorists and people are born gay. See, you realize that you're terrorists. You don't decide to become a terrorist. You realize that you're a terrorist. Just like you realize that you're gay, that you're a homo. That you're a queer, that you're a mitochondo. That goes up above all these things. All of this. All of these things. Stuff. And of course, the bottom line of the obvious question is who cares? WDQAM hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm quick, sir. I see you boy. You boy you brought Jim to feed me. I want to know. Oh, you're my boy. I'm my big boy, yeah. Yes. You know that was sweating, panting, and stalking the food court. And from his email, who his head in distinguishable, huge hell of flesh, I could never see anything like it. I had no idea who his actually has that big dude. No, he's a monster in the journalism industry. No question about it. I'm the only one. Stop talking about it. Thanks for the report, pal. Jim DeFedis, who fancies himself as a broadcaster. Oh, brother. Wow, he's pretty broad. He's broad, all right. He makes him look like a little miss moth it on her tuffet. What was it tuffet, by the way? We were, I guess. He thinks I'm high. Ren and women in the holiday. Hi, Hank. Hi, Humper. Haven't seen him in a long time. Probably never seen him again. Yeah, I keep saying that, and I'm sure that you don't believe me, but I don't think I'm going to see any of you. I did see Joe Bell at one lunch, you know, unfortunately. But he's okay. You're in the deep fresh in my mind forever. Well, good. But then when I take these pictures, which is foster mind me to have my, but hey, take a picture. Take a picture, put them on our thing there. Now, and we're, we're going to send them to do what is in to me. I will disseminate them. Really? Sure. And you're going to put them on our website. We'll put them on our website. I'll put them on. I'll show you my head again. And real real, frozen tight and whatever before they even do. Well, I've gone over the three D glasses. I mean, and of course the one good thing about no, seriously, the thing about my space that I like is when you, when you put a new picture up, it automatically replaces all the pictures that you have of you in everywhere on the site. You know what I mean? Yes. Well, I like that. It's a lot less work. It just automatic. It's like putting anything on automatic pilot or on pious pilot. So we can replace the one with the 3D glasses on. And of course, there are those people who say, well, why do you take that picture with these V glasses on because they were there? You know, because I'm a jerk. I'm a jackass. By the way, a tough it is a clump or tough of grass. A little as my mishmuffet said on our clump. On her ass on the grass. Look at that windshield is minus 10 right now. It's totally. I'm going to do the rest of the show out front. Ladies and gentlemen, if I could offer only one tip for the future. Huh? Act strange. And people will leave you alone. All right. The rest of my advice has no basis, more reliable than my own me and the rean experience. Put a slinky front, your neck, and try to walk down stairs backwards. Head first. Sit naked in a large bowl of rice, crispies, and same feelings while the kernels go sniff a crackle and bottom. Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head through the hole where they say how much. Rick, a stranger. Tell them you're from Bosnia and you're a country at the sign of respect. Take lots of pills. One of them might work. Occasionally as a stranger, they've heard anything from Lewis. Be annoying. During an IRS audit, staple the guy's hand to his desk. Moon, a funeral. Play, go fetch with a scene I dog while he's working. Run naked through a mall yelling, kill a bees, kill a bees. Sit a word, tittie, without smile. Try to figure out who said polysures should star in movies. Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids. Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it. Disappear for great lengths of time. Try to touch your forehead with your tongue. It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort. At a high school reunion, tell your old English teacher that your dog still eating your homework. Ask Mark McGuire to take a million dollars for one of his books. Try to find the secret to KeraTap 66. Understand your conception was an accident that your parents got wasted and wanted a few more laughs before they passed out. Try not to lose your finger in your nose. Take a bot costus and toss them on a lawn next door. Go on a car trip with bot costus and force of the stainless car seat. Try to dribble bot costus. Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness. Knowing you, you've done some crat that's really similar. Wish no good will to anyone unless you don't like them. Then school their own. Realize anyone who says that completely happy are completely full of crap. Ask a health angel if he's a woman or has always walked like that. Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them. Smith and old lady. An adjunct gold repile and a gay bar are trying to get lucky. Do this without laughing. Find what's left of urns. Understand it, embrace it, protect it, and every so often take it out for a nice knife. Caronov, not to care. Home while you eat. Act strange and people will eat you alone. And maybe like farting across the elevator, because I do also. It's 120 at 5.60 W to Q a m. Q a m hello. Faith is boring, what's happening? Ah boring, a fake pp. Well, I'm sure it wouldn't be the first one. Let him 100 and 71 votes on the pool. 5.60. 50. See we haven't really had that much of conversation about the hard way of thinking he wanted or why because it's me because I'm not one of these. I'm not one of these sports or Josh sniffing jackasses and I'm out of the closet bag for like 30 years and I'm not going to put up with crap. Mark will listen to stupidity. He's got a right to say any stupid bigoted thing he wants. That's fine. But at the meantime, people are got a right to be pissed off about it. Are we actually over there? They want to react. And say, he guess what you're a moron, Tim. You're just another dumb, Jack. A dumb, bigoted, Jack. Who opens up a big mouth. Yeah, I mean, and then this is nothing to it all. Josh sees part of the whole mushroom thing that has to go up being an athlete. And even though these guys are taking showers naked together and snapping each other with a towels on an ass and all those other business. I run around naked in the locker room. I mean, you know, that's just an ordinary kind of a thing. When you expect, I mean, we do a WQOM and that's another reason I got that out of there. I got an embarrassed being in the shower and a group shower there was embarrassing. WQOM. Hello. Hey, you around. Speaking. Yes, ma'am. I want to hear. I want to hear. Yeah, I have a good show, okay. As far as the side of those and we are. We are. Yes. About the pushes that the fighters, what does that make help? Probably an ear. Or. Or. One down for one. One down for one. And he'll say 10. Or ship. I'll say 10. Or ship. Okay. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. 5. 6. WQOM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Question about the. The comment. That's the welfare. Yes. Well, I have a refrigerator magnet. How much refrigerator does that all big it will be reencarded as gay, homeless, people of color. I think that just says a lot. Okay. Thanks, Billy. Okay. You see, you got a refrigerator magnet? Is that what you said? Yeah. We're doing that again. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 6. 6. 5. 9. 5. 7. 4. 5. 5. 5. I'm living in the distant past, you know, all the end of the first period, Montreal nothing and they make full make believes nothing from 100 years ago. WQAN, hello. QAN. Hey Neil. Yes, man. In the past, did you actually hear the audio of him hard-a-waist comment? No, I did not. Okay, because in the paper, they've kind of edited it. Yeah. He hates gay people. Well, he hates gay people. gay people. Okay, he's more about the word about straight people. He hates gay people so that everything you need to know about his, uh, you're not trying to say that he's dumb, are you? Are you saying that he's just a dumb joke? I would never say anything. Anything close to that. Okay. Have a good look. Well, listen, say hi to all the people out there. Thank you. I sure are. Okay. Wow, wouldn't that be something? I hate people. I've seen a few of those. I think they're called glory holes, what they're called. Hey, I say for all glory, baby. Just amazing to me. And I told him even in that book about Andrew Koonan, where she didn't even know without glory hurt. She's writing about it and she didn't know what that glory hole was, which I thought was very, very amusing. You're looking for glory hole, right? And it's so amusing that, uh, you know, it's his clip there, because I have seen that he eventually found some. I could be wrong about that, but I don't think so. He told me some astonishing. I'm sure he told you the same things. No, he would edit the conversation for the appropriate audience. Oh, I see. Well, he told me some astonishing things about, well, yeah, when he had the apartment, he used the apartment in Amsterdam. He, uh, I guess he got lost a few times. And he got into some interesting establishments. But hey, listen, where you're a sex pot like our goldstein, you can do whatever you want, right? Right. You can do whatever kind of banana business you want. Maybe he was even if they banana bar. 1175 hosts and a pot we got 1200. Look today, Chris is mighty proud of that. He's writing it down his little diary that he keeps there. Oh, yeah. Now, let's just story on the food down there. I want to try and keep track. I don't want to be on a touch. We're getting taken care of. How is I'm sure? How he takes care of us all the time almost every day. Tony's whenever we, uh, we ask also. Thanks a lot, Brad, Brad over Tony's great guy. It's 441 and whatever. 119 or 33. Yeah, what a memory I got, man. How could you forget with all the great food he brought by? And of course, that lobster, vis from the soup, uh, oh, yeah, the soup. What is the taste gone? Oh, fuck me. The original soup man, the original soup man, Z. And so for what, especially in Evan Chirwood, I think that I did open a place called the soup, not see even though that's lying from the show. But, you know, the original soup man, the soup man doesn't like that, uh, that Appalachian, yes, that Appalachian. I see. Well, good. And let's just call the original soup man. And the lobster vis he said was outstanding. I haven't had that in that long time. Ever had ever really the best thing phenomenal. Hmm. Best thing I ever had. Well, I don't want to go into it again. 26, but you already know what it was. 26 past 25. Yeah, 60 WQA, MIA, and I'm not too sour, sweet crowd. But in 1611, the Bible was translated from a Latin into the King James Bible. And now, well over three centuries later, books on tape presents, but King James Vowen Bible, James with like the book of Genesis. It is no. Get them in fun! The story of Moses and the burning bush. Happy! And the tower of battle. I had it. There's the new testament to Lazarus, raised from the dead. Get up, and all of it. James sings from the book of Matthew. Get down! Oh, get down! Oh, get down! And of course, the book of James. Oh, the most beloved Bible stories as only James could tell them. But the trail by two to step back and then come on to just present him. And of course, the resurrection. Oh, I know it! No one knows more about Judge Medeva, the Macan Father of Soul. And so James also sings of the famous friends. Oh, get up, go, step back! What? King James, John Bible. One, forty six, man. I said, you're gonna have to, I guess he's already in Bondo, huh? I guess? I would think so. I sure hope so. As you talk about Smellin' Bad. I think he smelled of the winning was a live, Jim. He was a great, he was working up a big sweat. You know, he can't like Louis Armstrong. Not a racial thing. It's just a sweat thing. Oh, you're gonna turn into a racial thing. I know. I wonder if that's him. Hardaway is so sweatin' it today. Because I guarantee there aren't gonna be any more gay. The customers for any business he's got going. I could be wrong about that, but I don't think so. You just think any gay patrons, of course he probably isn't one in there anyway. That's right. You said, get away, get away from me. I'm clean. I'm clean. You're done, Jim. You know, like anybody you have a lot of company. Don't forget those two words. Did you decide that you were attracted to the opposite sex or did you realize? You know, that, that, that, that was good. He didn't realize it was good because he was born and dirt. Maybe he decided to be good. I realized he was an idiot. But nevertheless, wait till you're in the middle of the day. That's the story from St. Pete. And if you're smart, all you kids out there do not go to St. Petersburg. Okay, let your great grandparents go to St. Pete. It'd be good place for them to retire. Well, them ACLS. Or maybe Clearwater. Clearwater is kind of a scene of Comforty. That whole way, I panicked about cities we all Ferti too. And like I told you, all them good Christian retreat kids that they're all in teenagers. Doing all kinds of nasty stuff and not really nasty. Good fun stuff on the beach. Hmm. St. Petersburg. Jennifer Me. That's ME. Me. Jennifer Me. Can't stop hickabing. For more than three weeks now, the 15 year old St. Ferti's more than three weeks. She has set up close to 50 times a minute despite the best efforts of doctors and home remedies. You hear anything like that in your life? Yes. You have? Yes. For three weeks. There's the world record. The guy that's been hickabbing for years. Get out of here. All right. Oh, man. When you want to blow your brains out, if I would. Or brick water. I hate to heat up, even for like 10 seconds, you know. Yeah, drink a little water. Would you have some nice hot tea that'll do it? Or maybe some scoling hot tea. She's had blood tests, a cat skin, and MRI drugs have a work. Need to rest holding your breath, putting sugar under her tongue. I never heard of that one. Sipping pickles use. Oh, no. Did you ever hear that? No. Sipping pickles use breathing into a paper bag and drink out of the wrong side of her glass. Now, you know, I'm old man. I'm 150 years old. I'm my life. I have never heard of the right side or the wrong side of her glass. Well, what does that mean drinking out of the wrong side of her glass? Do you know what I mean? Yeah, well, it's, all right. You know how you drink normally, correct? Yeah. You put your lips on the side of your glass. It's closest to you. Yeah. All right. No. All right. Now hold the glass. Bend way over. Have a good part. And drink from the other side of the glass. What do you mean bend way over? Oh, they're stealing way you can do it without pouring it all the way down your neck. Well, what are you talking about? Drink from the other side of the glass. He's, all right, when you, you just took a sip, right? Yeah. Mark that side of the glass. Do you decide that you're not drinking for a drink? That's what they're trying to do. You bend over and you drink from not drinking. Not for you. In other words, drink, drink up some drink of glass. Basically. Yeah. Touch your toes and drink it. Black water from the other side. All right. And yes, people are trying to scare them out of where the hiccups. I hate the hiccups. The hiccups do stuff when she's sleeping. Oh, my God. According to the National Institute of Health, hiccups are caused by involuntary contractions of a diaphragm, which causes vocal cords to briefly close, which makes that distinctive hiccups sound. They can start for no reason. They'll be triggered by anything from spicy food to stress. You know what? I have a gag reflex on chocolate. I'm sure that I'm allergic to chocolate. A lot of people aren't. They don't even know it. I think we need to do a whole lot of shows about food allergies. Not. I'm serious though. A lot of people have all kinds of food allergies and they have all kinds of problems and stuff. And they don't realize what it is. It's not clear what trigger genfer hiccups would start in school January 20, a third her mother, Rachel Rubito, recently turns at the local newspaper for help. I'm just looking for some answers where somebody's gone through this Rubito told St. Pete times to this point, we're going to do anything to stop the hiccups already. Okay, my God, hi. Jennifer Me. Can you explain to me why her mother's name is Rubito and her name is Me? She didn't have to explain that. Mother got remarried. Or never was. Or maybe the daughter is married. But how old is Jennifer? She's a teenager. She might live in a carolina. Didn't she say she was 15? Yeah, 15. She's not married. She might be married at 15. She's not married at 15. She might be a Mormon. Even in St. Pete is very good. I don't think she lives in a trailer park. And of course, if she did live in a trailer park, she'd be married at 13. Now the other day I heard, I think they interviewed a guest. I heard them promoting it. I can't even bow about this men's year old thing. What the talking kick? Yeah. New Mexico is taking its fight against Drunken Robin and men's restrooms around the states. In the states, it was 500 talking urinal cakes that were delivered recorded anti-DWIMS and just a bar and restaurant patrons who will make one last pit stop before beginning behind the wheel. Hey there, big guy. Haven't a few drinks of female voices a few seconds after an approaching male such a motion sensor in the device? If you don't always say big guy, I guess it all depends. It's time to call the camera ask a silver friend for ride home. Press for St. Atation Department's folksman, SU, my head, so the urinal cakes are a way to reach one group that's a target of state safety campaigns. Men came in about three times as many driving, drunk driving in fact as a women. I never thought women probably would commit too many, but you know, a lot of... Okay, so that's it. Oh, come on. Oh yeah, women don't like the drink. I didn't say that. No, no guys forced women to drink. Yeah, that's what we do. Yeah, part five and then a little bottle of wine. Yeah, I heard those right. We by leaving it out in the open. Right. And letting them go put all down. Just like I never did. Now what's the name of the movie? I couldn't think of it again. Oh no. Come on. When we were talking about yesterday. I didn't like Mr. For me. No. The one with the faith done away. Whenever did figure it out. I, I am D.B. Faith done away. She's got three pages of movies there. I have no idea which one you're talking about. Yes, you do the one with that vander be kid. That James Rander beck that geek from that awful TV show. And anyway. The advice is, the passion. Yeah, that's it. Rules of attraction. See, you knew it all along for a minute. Faith done away with the... Yes. All right. She played that kid's mother. I don't know. I've played what's his name's mother. The queen. That, that blinks. I'm going to. Who was hopping up and down on the bed with that really hot guy. Anyway, the device is manufactured by New York. Faith's health quest technology is, we're invented by Richard Doigt. She said, there's no other device like it on the market. The idea is based on the concept. There is no more captive audience in the guy standing at a yearly setting. Can't look right and you can't look left. You've got to look at the end. Yeah, you better look straight down. There's somebody's got, or what's his name. Tim Hardaway is going to come in here and start calling you. Yeah. All kinds of names. The fixed names. Fix your own self. You're saying it all right. Investual on which radio 560. You made them. Right. It's ball. It's real. This is Randy Wests. And as for our phone conversation, I thought to Peter North the other day, he tells me your real name is Neil Down. And he's still ain't interested. Who sounds like a mole. Yes, it's not. Every time he's being. It's the great God wants it to be. Once it's a thing. Once it's a thing. And cover it. Sweet. Reignage. Reignage. Reignage. Reignage. Reignage. Reignage. Reignage. Reignage. And Percy wants to make new or release. Peace. And that's, what people have spent. We have black people. His dominance on his own. Show the God of Spare. He compares the most to low-weary walk-off. Shocked. Reignage. Yes. Reignage. Reignage. Reignage. Reignage. Reignage. And Percy wants to make new or release. Peace. It's turned across the concept gather. This time across the rebuild. A new relance. The one that should be uptown. All way out with the old. This city will be chocolate. A chocolate new wall. He has it takes the blame. For anything to say. Shocked. At the end of the day. The chocolate new wall. And some coffee. And a new wall. A new wall. Reignage. Reignage. No, I can. Reignage. And Percy wants to make new or release. Peace. You can't have new or release. You can't have new or release. No, I'm the way. It was made the wall. It just wouldn't be new or once. Man, is he a demo that a boxer rocks your what? And I didn't want to leave like extra seconds on it. I would have been badly. The next 30 seconds I would say. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. And I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. What do you mean? I'm sorry. I want to do that. I want to like fill out the whole bridge. Because unlike some of the people on this. On this. I can actually read a clock. Another. Oh, surprise. It's a man. I can see like it's 159.38 39. And we have 244 votes on pull the day. Bye. Bye.