Why do you wear steel? I'm in the desert Huh? Oh, I am Jesus, you and all had arms free I'll be looking at the back of your hand Oh yeah Oh, right Jesus, you and all had arms free Huh? Oh, I am in the great end of our No one can't let us fly No one can't let us fly Jesus, you and all had arms free Oh yeah Jesus, you and all had arms free Oh, right Oh, right Jesus, you and all had arms free Jesus, you and all had arms free Jesus, you and all had arms free Oh, right Oh, right You and all had arms free Oh, right Oh, right Oh, right Oh, right Oh, right Oh, right Oh, right Oh, right Oh, right To the 5, 60 WKMF Friday April 6 I'm here to a one-clock. I'm getting out of here. And George is here to a two-clock for the duration. We do have a marlin game though, but it's not till the pre-games until 630. That's the bad news. Sorry. Sorry. It's okay. What happened to George? He's in the other room in the engineering room. He's in the engineering room doing what? You know, hanging out with stuff. And he comes back in here like a... I can't even... I can't even... I just welcomed you back in that evening. What a jackass, man. Well, I'd tell you, Josh, did you great job this week? I know, he always does. And he was always there every time I was talking to him. I thought maybe we had a permanent dropout. No, I just need to resolve something really quickly. Resolve one. A software issue. A software issue, my ass. Probably. By the way, I'm a little bit disappointed. I don't know, maybe three or four people on there. But, you know, it could be usual. So I was like, my close personal friends on there. And who said, hey, I'll have a great vacation in a wonderful time. We're going to miss you. Well, I'm going to be in touch with everybody in here. Because I'm probably spending hours at the internet cafe. Configulating with all my close personal friends. Do you think? Maybe not hours. You know, a couple of seconds. No, when you take your blockbarry over there to a European. Yes. We're just fine. Well, there you go. Well, what were you asking? I don't have to go there. I can't fake. Exactly. I can do my my space in your face on our place. That's what I'm saying. Right here on my blockbarry. I can do that. I don't know. While you're sitting there watching the people walk by. No, I don't think it all. It's going to be in the 50s over there. It's not too bad. But I'm not going to be sitting outside any of those tables outside. Out loud. It's just not a good idea. In the summertime, sure. Well, there's on the damwark. There's tons of very, very, very interesting people walking by. All the time. And then there's all the times of really bizarre people walking by too. Like, what, what that? What was that? Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to be really disappointed if I don't get a real big bunch of messages on this thing. Hey, have a wonderful, yeah. Because it's going to tell me that some of these people aren't, you know, I don't what they claim to be. Now our mutual friends, this go last night. He wished me a wonderful trip in the out of here. That's for you, uh, this go. And for your good buddy, if you're Raj, too, whatever's name. Another one of them Indian guys. Mm-hmm. My, my, my. But anyway, it's in one of the embarrassing people. But there's a whole bunch. Now, goofy Eric who keeps changing his profile picture. Now he's the pissed off caveman. He hasn't said have a wonderful set of reals. I'm sure it's a bad idea. I'm sure it's a bad idea. I'm sure it's just a matter of time. Or not. Okay. Let's take a look at the poor for me yesterday. Besides, you know, trying to, trying to like, I'm up a little bit of love from the crowd out there. It's not 40. You're not going to get no love. He's just going to get ignored. You're going to get shined. You federal, fact. It that's all I know. This pool was so bad that, in fact, did you look at the result from this probably not? No. I don't, maybe you can refresh my memory. But I don't think we ever had a pool where 37.8% said they hate hate. They were five hates on there. Wow. So whoever made the pool, and it was universally dodging him where they don't do any work. They knew that they were going to get a lot of votes on that and they did. I would gladly work extra hours to avoid blank. And I hate hate hate hate hate this pool. Five of them. 47.8% wins hands down your pants. Not even close out of 246 votes. They hated it. Man, they just fised it. Yeah. I gladly work extra hours of order going to the dentist 154. Spending time with my in laws 136. I think the pool concept wasn't all that bad but the choices suck. Big time. Spending time with my in laws 136. Entertainment at a town company 124. Going to visit out of town family 110. Going to a Marlon's game 107. Don't forget about my tickets by the way. Grab right period by the neck. And say you better get those damn tickets in the mail. That old bang is going to be really pissed off. I'll see you for a second. Going to home to the wife and kids 72. Going to a Panthers game 62. You better go to some of those because I don't think they're going to be wrong to a lot. I could be wrong about that. I think that's what they call it. You'll fade in franchise. The Panthers. And I gladly work extra hours to board going to my kids's little league game 10. That's a real crappy parent. To a board going to his kids's little league game. That's a bad parent. What kind of a parent would work extra hours? And we had a pool. Like you were gone. We didn't want to put on a first date. I thought you'd about that. Yes. Also, we had when I wish I had more time to blank. And one of the choices was work. 38 people said I wish I had more time to work. Huh? Exactly. What would their job be? I don't know. Maybe they would have owned a past to feed. I don't know. Maybe something very sad is what I'm going to work. And I don't know. Illuminating. Yeah. I was just shocked to be all hell. No kidding. Wish I had more time. To work. I'm just trying to figure out what job that would be. That would be so fun. I wish I had more time. You missed Glenn, who came in with the food on Wednesday. Oh, she actually did coming. No. Oh. What do you mean she? There is no such person. I see. I thought we understood. Yeah. And there is no Chris. Just like I suspected right from the very beginning. And you did too. Right. See the one thing when they started protesting a lot. And they write you back. Oh, geez. You know, you keep requesting my existence. Yeah. Because we know you're fraud and a fake. And you got all the celebrity pictures on your profile. When somebody's got nobody but celebrities. And then the dark goddess that George is all whipped up about. One that I ever say anything about the dark goddess. I don't know. You said that you were communicating with her. She was like that. Okay. Does that what you said? He was always using her as the justification for why he really exists. He only exists. And whatever. She's a chicken's fain. I thought in England. I don't know. Oh, there's a message right there. See that. See what I mean? This is what I like. It's people that really respond right away. And this is from Daniel. And Daniel says, Good morning. Neil. I'm sure you enjoyed today's. You'll be enjoying your vacation right after in and during four. No, it's not. Four painflowers of reading about and dealing with morons. No, actually, only three hours. I'm not a hero. One Daniel. Enjoy yourself. Have a wonderful and pleasant trip from a Julio who still needs a pair. Isn't that sweet? I like that. I'm going to click that and approve it right on it. Thank you, Daniel. See, he responded. Where's my buddy, Ricky? How come he hasn't said? Hey, have a wonderful time over there across the pond. And do lots of perverted things. Stuff like that. Come on, Ricky. It's just, you know, so it's just a question like in South Florida. They care enough to send their very best. That's the question. Do you know what I mean? What do you mean? Do you think my expectations from people are too high? I mean, people are working in some of them. Hello, it is good Friday. Now, I know what I wanted to ask you about before. Any answer is yes, by the way. Answer is yes, what? Do you have expectations of other people? My expectations are unrealistic. Right. If you have expectations, they're unrealistic. Well, I have some very good friends on their who are very, you know, in touch. And which we only the best, at least from a distance. See, it doesn't hurt to wish we best from a distance because I can't reach out and grab you around the neck and do, you know, I'm not asking things to, you know, 1200 miles away. It's just not easy. It's work out through good. Now, here's the poll today. And this one, I don't know what the deal is because I guess because it's good Friday. Don't let me forget to ask you about that washing the feet business that they're showing on the news. Does this have something to do with Jesus? Well, I don't know. You're asking me, you're the Catholic. I don't know what they'll ask you. Yeah, I'm a Catholic boy. They showed the Pope was welding some, watching some other boys foot. And he would like the kid kept trying to pull the foot away. And he would let go. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Oh, the kid's. The young kids, you gave like a little quick shmier in my head. Yeah, yeah. You know, but this, I didn't see the face that he, he, he's cut his toes. Oh, I got a great line for that. Because that's the, no, no, no, no. No, no, no. They're clean without the taste. Well, because there's one, did you have an awesome vacation? Have a good time and we'll miss you while you're going. Thank you, Rob. See, that's my buddy's about there. See, the way they come through you're so, you're so negative to me. And right, and rightfully so by the way, I'm going to go 139. It's been so far, like four or five of them, and I would say about a half a dozen. I mean, what difference does it make if they wish me a happy vacation? I mean, it's just shows to me that they care. It's not going to make for a better time. It's going to put me in a better frame of mind, which they don't want. They sure don't want that. Now, maybe it's 1250 they'll do that, you know. But certainly I want them sitting here waiting to do three hours of Costic ripping and whatever, puking and whatever I'm going to be doing. Huh, like that. Oh, it's bigger than that. Speaking of Costic ripping and puking, wait for you to the schedule, but we got mad dog at the amasties, not us to again, between two and four. Not raw with that. It's a rotten, I was golf, of course. Oh, my God. Then, wait till you hear this. Four till five, it says on the schedule, here the power hour with Joseph Gacky and the Marlins Roundtable. Joseph Gacky sucks, okay. Huh, yeah. I have no idea what that means. The Marlins Roundtable has to be confused with the square table, which I guess they took out of the building after they came back from the Kenny and Boa, the Zazder Morning Show. And when we're just Kenny again this morning, Chris, he's still at that, whatever it's called, place Jesus. And Katie and I think that schedule doesn't really put you into a coma. Joseph Gacky all by himself at five o'clock till 630 at Dolphin Stadium. And what we all called Joe Ravi Stadium, and of course they can stick that Dolphin Stadium with a Mundo and shine. Marlins on deck at 630 Marlins in the Philadelphia, Philly's the home opener of 705. Alright, Panther Premium Meanwhile will be farmbed out to 1360 WKAT and the Panthers in Lightning and Meaningful Scam for the Panthers at 730. Followed by a game night with that AK. At G-8, these also are going to be out there at the ballpark. Aren't you going to be out there for opening a day, opening a home game? You're talking to Chris right? No, I'm talking to you. Don't forget I'm sure it's made sure that what's his name? What's his name? Well, what's his name? Ray Perry. Ray Perry. Why do I have a mental block? He's not a bad guy. He's always very friendly to me when I'm there and always comes in and shakes my hands. This is where you go. He's a... Hey, he's old man like me. He's old. He's got old timers disease. That's the problem. Now that I do the... I didn't do the poledette. After the break I'll give you the ones down. And I sure hope we get to a thousand by one o'clock. We got 624. I think there's a slim chance on that. When you... Right. Oh, and here's one from my heel. Heal writes to Neil. I don't even know who that is. It says, why does the show sound so much better when Josh is in the studio? The content is fun when George is there. It seems to be dry. Ha ha ha ha ha. Now let me take a look and see who... Oh, well, during the break I'll do it. He says, he ought to heal. Hey, Kris, get the least shot for George. Let's see if he'll heal during the break. That's right. Friday you best. Four holes are spring. Now that's the day. Now that's the day. Now that's the day. The day. Yeah. Oh, she got that. Just British Sino that they've had on here for hours. He was, was he one of the ones? Yeah, he was an interrogated and I bet they did some other things. They poked and probed. Yeah, he was. Because he actually is pretty good looking guy until he opens up his mouth and sees British. Is he got the bad teeth or what? I don't know, don't they? Or watch him and see him and they got him on there. And he's a pretty human looking guy for a Brit. Could do a little work on the eyebrows, those sweet heart. Anyway, Jonathan B says you earned it big guy. Well, I'm always worried about big guy that sounds so. Yeah, sorry, Jonathan B. He says, especially working at that place. If you find any common sense over there, please bring some back. We need all help and get. Thank you, Jonathan. That's really sweet. And the crazy Eric also sent along another posting. See, you never, I'm sure you probably never go on this page, do you? No. Oh. Well, there's some interesting postings on it. There's one with George Bush's dancing and dancing and something like that. You remember George Bush? Who? What a guy who thought he used to be the president. Anyway, I'll read all of those as they come by. So, let's go back to the thing about washing the feet. Now, you kind of tapped the ants on the vein too. You cut me off. You don't really know. Because I mean, you don't really break. I do want, of course I want to know. All right, here it is. Jesus washed the disciples' feet to symbolize what they should be doing with their followers. They should serve their followers. And since the foot washing was, while it was customary, it was considered a very menial thing. You know, you got to squat down and get your hands and knees in front of somebody who's sitting down and watch their feet. He thought that it would be an appropriate symbol for the gesture, whatever. That this is what they should be doing with their followers. And so, yeah, the disciples and anyone else who pretends to be a clergyman has to symbolically do that in the cat-looking church. I thought it was kind of strange though when the Pope is washing out one kid's foot and he wouldn't let go and he said to him, you like it? I thought that was kind of a trick. Maybe the kid was ticklish. He said he tickled his fancy. I know that. I was really good. I was writing about this during the week. The things that people do. I mean, with pace off and Easter, a couple of holidays that involve all the efforts are really silly crap, you know. Well, speaking of that, Jewish Moses is okay at Lauderdale condo, very important to in the Harold. I'm going to turn the general Bill McCollum, gave away for you. I wish these people are calling it a wish me a happy vacation. Q.A. and hello. Yeah, I was calling the talk to you. Speaking. Oh, hey, how you doing? This is Mike. I'm your Mike space. Hey, Mike, how you doing? I'm doing pretty good. I'm a big fan of Brady Quinn as well. I see you have a picture on your side. That several pictures, yeah, almost naked, right? I, I, I, I, I, I, we definitely definitely need to have him come down to support a piece of good. He's coming on the line. How's he going to live with me? I'll send it to that. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I have a man my wife is accused me. I have a man crush. I'm Brady Quinn. Okay. And then I, who wouldn't? You think I looks like Tom Cruise except Bill, like a gladiator? There you go. All right. Thanks for talking to me, Ella. I'm on your way. Thanks for talking to me. I can have a great time while I'm on vacation. All right. Bye bye. The, the, I do that around. I thought that was really sweet to me. Anyway, getting back to this Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum gave a four-loaded bill counter association until five p.m. yesterday to change a policy that prohibited this play of a Jewish simple outside the door of a unit. Boy talk about anti-Somantic. Bill McCollum sounds like the golem are running the world to me. Earlier this year, the pork counter association told Tenet Laurie Richter to remove the Mazzaza to the test to her door frame. Well, hubby and Dweird, baby. The association told her that she was in violation of its policy that forbids residents from placing anything on the exterior of common property. They had that liability here too, which I like that because then they don't put all the wreaths on the door and they don't put all the goblins of Halloween into it. It's just, you know. But Richter, a 20-year-old attorney, argued that she, wow, she's an attorney. Argyachy should have a right to have a Mazzaza, especially since other residents had displayed Christmas wreaths say golemingo, so I can enforce what it is. Damn Bill McCollum. Hubby and Dweird too. Not pretty crowded down there in hell. It was shocking to me, said Richter, who grew up in Hollywood, considered sell it herself a reform and observe and Jew. That to me sounds like an oxymoron, reform and observe and Jew. I don't know. Clearly, it was selective enforcement to allow one class of people to act in a certain way, but for Hibby and others acting in the same fashion, she said, you go Laurie, give us, go ahead and what for honey. And then it goes down to explain, Jews attach Mazzaza, small cases containing prayers written on the scroll to the doorpost of room building your home. The word in Hibby is for it. It's Hibby for doorpost. I'd never knew that before. Mazzaza means doorpost. How do you like that? I had no idea. Does your chewing gum lose its flavor on the doorpost overnight? Remember that by Lonnie Donagon? Yeah, I want to hear? Visitors will often, if you've got, does your chewing gum lose its flavor on the bed post overnight? If you've got that, that will check it out. Wow. Lonnie Donagon. Midley of his smash, horrible song. It was an novelty record. It's never back in the day to actually head novelty records. Not most of the hip-hop crap is novelty stuff, because it's not real music. Oh no. Oh yeah. Wow. Oh my God. Oh yes. It could start any time now, honey. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Rockin' out. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Here we go. Okay, and it's all set. Okay, performance which I hate all the while. Anyway, Mazizah is Hebrew for doorpost. Visitors will often touch the Mazizah, then kiss their hand as a blessing. Oh, fah. Can you imagine the germs on the doorpost? Oh, brother. Mazizah design can be very basic or quite intricate and artistic using colorful glass, plastic metals, other materials. Appunation-wide publicity communication with Richter's lawyer, the condo association board gave up its fight, and sent a letter to the owner of Richter's unit saying she could display her Mazizah. Go ahead and put it on there. You do bastards what they said or pitch in whatever case. Give it to him, Lori. However, that didn't go out far enough for the attorney general. A professional guy if there ever was one. I don't know if the Easter Bunny drops the gigantic bunch of them Easter things on his head. I don't know if they're not eggs either. They're too small to be Easter eggs. We represent the public interest which includes the bite of all Jewish residents there now in the future display Mazizah's in accordance with their religion, wrote Alison Bethel, director of civil rights for the attorney general, Mark Twain, and led to the association. A resolution that allows only Ms. Richter to display her Mazizah is not satisfied with public interest. In a previous letter Bethel filled the association was approached and noticed advising that Mazizah can be displayed and withdraw any fines of violations against Richter. A letter from the association sent to Bethel Monday states that this play of Mazizah was never a problem of how she went about it. Residents can display Mazizah but they need to follow a procedure to get approval. They have to go to a higher authority. They have to eat a whole Hebrew national salami. Prior to all the media happened attention, Ms. Richter brought to the poor condom and he was told that all she needed to do is display the Mazizah's follow. The condo documents, let us say, says she was a well aware of how to get approval. Attorney General spokeswoman Sandy Cove said the association is complied by allowing Mazizah's however, Bethel will review later this week if the association is fully complied with the attorney general's requests. Rick and move to the condom. December 1 on the first division green Mazizah the next day, a manager told her in January that the association wanted to remove it. Get that, Mrs. Offer, you do crazy bitch. Henry Fassler, who had previously represented the association's dispute, could be immediately reached by the hero. For comments, well, how do you like that? Reeds okay for Graham, Mazizah's not okay for certain Jews. Huh? Would you think of that? I haven't even done the poll for today yet. And we still got like, so I got to wash my feet. Why do you wear steel? I know this show is going to shock a lot of people. The co-chidden and junior Roberts. The hit lies of J.Y. So you're gay? Yes. Living two lies. Nary to a man and in love with a woman. Yeah. So how do you coming out change your life? I went into this state of calmness. And that's when I realized that my conscience was clear. They're wedding made headlines around the world. The co-chidden and married countries start keeping her there. Then she fell in love with a woman. Did you check you out? Yeah. Big emotion. Big emotions. Okay. How long did you know you were gay? So much of my life. Always know. You truly like having a girlfriend. I do. But would you say to her? You're one of the softest people inside that I know. I'm going to start crying. And she's kind. She's a kind girl. Hey, left my mommy. Yeah. I just would say to anybody whatever secret you're holding. Live your own truth. I had a lesbian affair with a woman that lasted nearly three years. Hot animal rust. I'm gay. Yeah. Very excited. You're here. Anyway, let's take a look today's pool before we move on. Let's see. Danger Kitty. She said have a great vacation. You know who that is? All right. No. Well, maybe probably want to. And then Rob sent me. There's some stuff coming in. No. I want to expect when you have 1399 friends that really embrace you and love you and care about you and pretend you don't. But anyway. Like you said, have very low expectations and I'll know that you're down. That's how Florida. I mean, people are working now. They're out in their cars. They're driving and we're worth it. I got a life. Do you believe that? I have no line. Really. Eight. Well, we got six eighty. Well, I don't think we're going to get to know 1000 by the time I'll be. But one o'clock. Six eighty. The first thing and how come. And this is so easy. I mean, you know, everybody in the brother should be voting on that. Maybe that's all we got listening. The first thing I noticed about a person. I'm attracted to is their blank face. That's my answer. 215. What would be your answer? Faces. Okay. Chris. Face or eyes. Well, face to 15. Rest 136. Well, especially if it's a guy, don't just that right away. Jesus, man. Man moves. But 90. In other words, back to him. Eyes. 70. There for Chris. I. I. I. I hate this pool only 28 3.26 3.28 percent of big improvement over yesterday. When they despise the pool. Legs 22. Here are 22. Bowls 13. See we had different words for that. One guy called and said he wanted to put. Package. Uh huh. And then I said the basket. It's a basket. Take a look at that basket. But I think Bowls, you know. So we got 13 people to say that, which means that maybe a couple of ladies or maybe a guy's. You know. And of course, that's strictly like I said yesterday. I'm sure George would hasten to agree with us. Guys who were jeans that are so tight that you actually can possibly notice anything. They're always a straight guy. Don't do that. No. Not anymore. Anyway. Maybe in the 70's. Really? Or they were all tight in the 70's. Let's turn the clock back. The what? Balls 13. I knew you'd do that. T-11. Hips 9. Feet 9. Oh, George is a big foot God. They are that straight. Feet 10. Just got another one. Clothes. How do I explain that to you? Hips 9. Shoes 4. Abs 4. Hands 3. Hight 2. George was worried about that about the height. Because he's short. He's about 3 feet tall. Right. Just a little bit. Women would rather date a tall axe murderer than a decent short guy. How about a short axe murderer guy? No chance. Shorvers 2. Arms 2. And jewelry 1. If you're on stock beach. And you see those people with all that just tons and tons of jewelry on there. Then you know what you're dealing with. Now, there's nothing really coming in here on that. My space thing for all these friends I have out there saying. Jean, you'll have a wonderful vacation. We're going to man. Well, we'll put up a George for a few days. But boy, we're going to miss your old nasty ass. Yeah. I mean, something. Anyway, Rob writes this. This is a music. This is what you get. He says, hey, Neil, hope all as well. Not sure who did the godfather picture, but it's great works perfectly. Earlier this week, he did a full-for-our show with Josh was really entertaining great stuff. Well, they're sure ripping you in. See you get the same thing from them. Not for where we're sure glad to hear George back today or like that. Whatever. Nasty, nasty stuff, nasty. Says Rob says once upon a time, you're sorry. Wait until you get to this. Once upon a time, you're so kind as to give me a set of maroon tickets for weekend series. I'm not even sure if you still get them. And I realize that Miguel was the primary beneficiary. And I would say that's only because he steals them. But I would really love some of you have any. Yeah, I'll get right out of that for. I'm kind of lucky in the fact that my girlfriend see my page. He also, if she happens to be a 511 Venezuelan bombshell. Also life space, also we go together. She likes ball. Sorry to be a free loader Rob. It doesn't say anything about have a great vacation and we're going to miss you and have a great time and be safe and be well and you're out of yada. Now we didn't say that at all. He says they want some maroon tickets. Right. What a prince. He says you know I've been obsessed with your show for some time. Now before you made it easy, download shows from the internet circa 2000. I researched and found a way to capture the stream if I can use that statement. I know where to capture the stream, Rob. Thus, I have a bunch of old shows that I really treasure. I don't listen to them too often anymore, but when the mood strikes me, it's cool. One of the ones I have is from the first urban music festival in South Beach on Memorial Day. We get a classic. Anyway, talk to you soon, says Rob. I assume he means if I have any maroon tickets for him. Right. I just, I don't know what to say to that. Don't you? Oh my god. I don't know what to say about to be a question for the maroon ticket. No. No. I don't even have him. I mean, it's supposed to have him. Did you go get ready periator? No, I have not. And say, how come the old man don't have his damn maroon tickets? The home opener is tonight. It's the end of the thing that we're going to Europe. Because otherwise, if somebody I know wanted to go to that game tonight, ABSOL or have to go buy his own ticket. That's a pretty sad commentary. Ray Perry is pretty scary. Ray, whatever your name is, No wonder I have a thing about forgetting his name. And look at the response on the phone here too. I would say it's about the same. I did have my call and they'd wish we had vacation. I would say it's nice. But you see, if you want nice, you're dealing in the wrong market. And I'm looking to see if there's any more of setting messages. There's nothing. There's absolutely nothing. It's a slowest, my honest man. It's bad. Well, you shouldn't be trolling for people being nice to you, and you're like, that's not what we want anyway. We don't want nice. We want hate. I kind of fully estimate it. That's what they really want. I think that's what we ought to give them a seat. In fact, everybody, I think if we want to get like 50,000 people on my space, but every time I get somebody on there, I'm going to write them, I hate you, like boys and they say, all right. All right. I think that's what they want, because it goes with the territory. There are places where there are people who are nice, like here. They're nice and friendly, and I mean, not sick and lean, nice, like, you know, like, slobbing all over your dammit. But they're nice. But then they're self-floor to man, whether they just, they won't go the extra two yards. Now there's nothing happening. WDQA and nice line, hello. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. A long time listener here, and it's been a long time since I called, but you have a thing with this boat town, or you keep playing at all the time, and I know where you're from, and Rochester. Okay. Do you remember when we were in the duke? No. You never saw that band. Never heard of it. Because you're about a year older than you. Never heard of it, sir. Oh, okay. Anyhow, have a good vacation, all right. Okay, thanks, pal. We didn't talk to old people, just me. 560, 560, pound-560, and the rise in singular wireless line. Pretty sad when you come right down to win. WDQA, I'm hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. You know, only people are hiding in the closet come back from vacation on the Friday. See, there you go another shot. Yeah, that made sense. Yeah, I'm going to go to the bathroom. WDQA, I'm hello. Hello. How's your feet? You want them? They say, I just want to wash them for you. Yeah, I know you want to wash them. I'm going to look my egg. He wants to suck my toes. What do we got? We got 699. I clicked that one more time. We're going to get to 700. I'm not even going to ask Chris what he thinks about the possibility to get into a thousand. 702 is a matter of fact. Well, I guess we can do it, but not by one. I'll put it in your hands. And of course, what kind of a guy comes back from vacation on the Friday? Yeah, yeah. See, it always comes out as basically the same message, but it's just, you know, they try to couch it in different terms, which at least they mix it up a little bit. That's a good thing. Oh, I'm just getting the wire not to cook it up. But it's just really great a little bit better than the way we imagined it would be. Yeah, it's just a little bit. It's not that good. We had a lot of things. It didn't fit them. It's practically nothing that's looking up. You're right, you're seen a change in things. When we settled the Friday, four days, these days. No one's gonna see the new birthday. You know, I'm expecting at least a thousand by one cloud right. I'd be really hurt. It's gonna hurt my friend. Yeah, yeah. What would it be? Look at this. This isn't me, message here. Just popped up right now. I got three of them before I had your elected to it. I'm expecting at least a thousand by one cloud right. It's going to hurt my feelings. Do you believe it? No. No. Costa says, I hope you have a great time in your smoke of fatty for me. Shame on you, Costa. And come back soon, midday sucks without you. Well, isn't that sweet? Mm-hmm. And Costa says the picture is a little kid here on his profile. Costa says, 21 and he's got a little kid. Next great? Okay. Yeah. I guess you don't care. No? What's more about this though? This is from Tordia, which is a photo-gators of people. It's one of those collective kind of whoever he is. It's got a gator of things. It says, have a great vacation. You don't know anything I wouldn't do. Ha ha ha ha. All right. You're the best. And then this is by the way for the record. The show is not better when Josh is there. Welcome back, George. How are you all? That's sweet. And he's filled you in correctly with a J. Oh. He said, whoa, J. Chomp back. Yeah. And so what he said. He said, whoa, J. You're J. Anyway, I'm a killer. Is that how you with the pronounce or name of my CATLA, Michaela? Okay. So you have a wonderful vacation, Neil. You'll be missed. Yeah. I mean, yeah, it's not a big deal. It's just a little hook. It's a, you know, give me an idea since most of you got nothing to say anyway. I have no idea. It's something to hang your head on. And we'll put a little feather in your head when we get done. If you go, turn up to some little message. Or even a phone call would be nice. They just don't care that much. You'll see. Q. I am, hello. Neil, good morning. Have a great finish tomorrow. You're done. We are going to miss you. George will, uh, Okay. Thank you. And I'll suspect the strip club owner fires a dance. You find out she's been violating his rules against prostitution. Oh, no. The dance event goes to police confesses automatically. We see community later gets a third of the proceeds after the club is seized. And sold in the hour convicted of a betting prostitution. That's the scenario criminal defense lawyer Luke Tyrowe of Tampa told the House policy and budget council could result from a bill the panel later approved 16 to 11. Some lawyer legislator joined the Roan arguing the measure would violate defendants constitution rights to confront their accusers. Do process free speech and equal protection. I'm ever when we had those rights. That was B. B. Before Bush. Association's representing Florida sheriffs and police chiefs have posted for other reasons. The this bill freets our constitution like an advisory opinion said representative Jack Sutter a democratic lawyer from world manners from well manners. You're fairly. This bill gives incentives to commit a crime and then immunity from that crime. The bill's policy represented Dorothy Hupiel Republican report orange is also a lawyer and disputed those arguments. He's a lawyer. Cheese from port orange. Under the bill owners and operators of adult entertainment businesses that are used to advertise, facilitate solicit promoter range for prostitution and related crimes. Could be convicted of a third of we fell in the if they knew or should have know what was going on. The maximum penalty is five years in prison. Cute curler. Now it's most likely this is not free speech protection but added they're not protected by the first amendment when they're engaging in criminal activity. Those hardened criminals. Support a set the legislation would also be a fearful victims of human trafficking. Often or forced into prostitution. Protection and incentive report and testify against their abusers. Their torture victims had cantive peris executive director of the women in need that were going to fall based advocacy and training company. They've been beaten. They've been raped. They did it. The bill would offer prostitutes automatic community if they voluntarily go to police with information about prostitution or related crimes. Link to adult entertainment establishments. They also if you get a third of the proceeds from property. Seas is resolved. Long force man agencies would get another third while the final third would go to the state of attorney's office. That prosecutes the case. So we're going to their office. Long force man agencies usually keep all the money. Other kinds of for for your cases. News it for such purposes as investigations. School resource officers in drug abuse prevention. See this is the kind of crap. This is the kind of garbage that America wasted its time in your tax dollars on. How speak of Marco Rubio Republican West Miami supports legislation. What accomplished one of his 100 ideas taking from Florida voters and the basis of his two year agenda for the chamber. The issue here is human life representative David Rivera Republican. The issue here is a Republican. If you want to protect the victims of the pimps and the victims of their crimes then you should vote for this bill. Which makes you even tougher out there for a pimps. Put my ass man. I'll try. Yeah good luck. No. On second thought. Bad idea. Any takers? No I hope not. You you have no idea how fast I can. No. For a way on words. Yeah. Okay. Let's see who's checking it now on here. See I think with all the regulatory attitudes a lot of people have toward all this my space and a lot of it is garbage like your friend Chris and the Gwen and the meal I've never showed up and never was going to show up. Here's Glanna. And Glanna's got a comment. She's posting here. It's got. Is that a dead cat on the side of the road? Oh it's the Easter Bunny. And all Glanna that's bad. I had to look. First I thought it was a dead cat. Because I think there's going to be a few days ago. I had a dead cat with a cardboard. It's time to say. Free cat. But this one is the Easter Bunny. All smashed over and the set and his basket if I can use that term again. The basket is like with all the eggs. Just tune all over the road. Oh somebody killed a port of what Easter Bunny. And that fast? No. Jay says. Well it's nice to hear George back on here. Josh was good this week. How about just having Josh probably in from that time. For all time sake. I think Jay's got a thing for Josh. Josh has got a lot of admirers out there. They're in front of us. Most of our guys. Yeah. Well that's what you get. You know you can't pick and choose when you're a good looking guy like Josh is. Even Brandon's got a thing for Josh. And the two that were going at it big time yesterday. We were getting back and forth with about stuff. You know about music and crap. By the way, something the stream plays clips from the morning show during the break. I've seen the try to from what that show. But there's no way that's Kenny and Bose best material. Well I haven't heard that yet. The clip that has like 30 people laughing and nothing while the grim griefer is blathering. Uh, some crap. They've played every break. Testing my Royal Lisa's Jay. Have fun. Thank you Jay. Jay's a good guy. Well I hope he passes the test. Who does Jay? What what test is that? The hit they said they're testing his loyalty. Oh man, you're bad. You're bad. They like Josh. Josh is a good judge. Josh is great. I like Josh. I'm not insulted to people like Josh. I'm something Chris is what you're doing. Well that's too bad. Wow. He might actually get up out of that chair if you don't watch it. I doubt it though. He's fat. I can move faster. Yeah, I'm sure that QAM hello. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh oh, oh, oh oh, oh oh, oh oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, oh oh, oh yeah oh, oh oh oh oh oh, oh, oh oh oh, oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh oh, oh oh, oh oh, oh oh, oh oh oh god oh oh, uh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh no no oh oh oh oh oh oh oh god um oh oh oh oh oh oh oh hi oh kill no oh oh oh my, hey I happened to enjoyable Shortly leading the fenix and can we begin in figuring out what was the start of the game start fromeln left part of the word off there, the whole word. And as you'd make one of the greatest first ladies in history, all my God. The vice president's statue would put him instantly in the first rank of contenders on the Republican side continues the editorial, and we're changing in the 2008 race already. It's hard to imagine the presence of proveradings would not be 5 or 10 points higher. Accordingly, most recent CBS News, New York Times pulled Chinese favorability rating. It stands at 18% while Bush stands at 30%. Wow. On its message board, the editorial drew a mixed response from I totally agree to this is insane from Amen to last throws. One poster asked was the son taken over by the onion. In other words, this would be a joke or why. New York son. I don't even know what kind of a M.M.S.B.S. kind of probably makes the post look liberal by comparison. Some right wing got to be lunatics. I'll excuse me for my redundancy there. So let's go wash our feet now and not reveal pop-up. Especially if you're cute young guy, you like it. Maybe you're once an author boy. You'll grab a hold of that thing. Won't let go when your foot too is matter of fact. Let's take a look at that pull result. We got 7. I'm about 7.36 is what we got. Am I? Because I'm looking at it. 7.36. Well, an error came up with something. You might be interested in, but I doubt it. You know, when you check, when you reload the pull, okay, then you run our our our page. If you hit view current, it refreshes immediately. Instead of having a much faster. Really? Remember that the other day was yesterday, Chris? I don't check that out. Yeah. Just like that. View current immediately. So like I'm those days when we're like trying to get to a certain number and like the one right down to the wire and they keep us hanging right on the edge of excitement. And it's just hit view current. And being that a being that might save us 10 20 seconds. Like I said, it's not a good idea. We want to kill all the time we can't. 7.38 in the pool. The first thing I noticed about a person I'm attracted to is their face. 236. See with me, I will say the yesterday. Oh, faces of our chat and if you know, somebody doesn't have like the greatest Brady Quinn kind of body wound in the sweat cause. Nobody's perfect even me. Breast 151. But. Oh, but. Back to 95 for the bud. I 73 smile 32. They're smile. I hate this full 28.7% they're here 23. If they haven't. They're legs 22 if they haven't. They're balls 14 if they have one. They're teeth 12. They're feet 12. Oh, I'm actually the Pope voted on here 12 times. Wash those took these baby because otherwise Jesus is going to be really peowed and then the Easter Bunny's going to get smacked and smacked and splattered all over the side of the road. Those eggs are going to go flying. Wow. That's bad when you drop your basket on the road and your eggs get splattered. Closed 10. Hips 9. Shoes 5. Hight 4. Abs 4. Hands 3. Oh, what nice general hands. Shoulders 2. Arms 2. And jewelry. They own obviously somebody and softface and he will ranger shell. Shoulders 2. Back to Kenny and Ball. On Ring Tired Radio. 5. 6. Kill Ackle. Hockle. Hockle. Hockle. Hockle. Hockle. What's with the baby talk dude? What? What? Nothing talking. You know what I'm doing? You know what I do? What do you get here today? You know the alcohol. You know the alcohol? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what I do? I know the alcohol. Rachel, say, sir, you can go home now. Oh man, come on. Do we're like in the middle of the show here? You're 10, 30. You've been off the air for a half hour. Oh, sorry. That cute. That was great. And says he's been listed since 1991 since he was listening to Johnny Garkson A whole over over again on a radio and had a great vacation. Thank you Edmunds. And then Jose and Hialia is not so sweet. Maybe he likes his coffee sweet. He sends me one of these things. We're supposed to click the thing for a free cup of coffee at Starbucks. On you people out there, huh? I was growing sorry. It was slipping out. Yeah. This is what you get. We got the one guy robbed. He wants my Marlon tickets, but he don't even have me yet. And then we got Jose and Hialia, who wants me to go on a pedal free Starbucks stuff. And whatever the hell he's pedaling. I'm going to tell you that's something I'm going to do. While I'm on vacation when I got some spare time. Which you know, even though we haven't fun on vacation, but you always find a little bit of time what the internet can't fit. I'm going to go scouring through that thing. You know, and you people don't want to use our site or anybody's site. You ought to be deleted immediately if not sooner. Don't you think? Yes. Unless I give them prior words. Who's somebody asking says, could I do this or put that on or sure? No problem. But just to go on there and I'm who are our website, just so they're thinking, I put, you know, oh, well, I'm going to give me a free iPad. I'm going to, yeah. Take your iPod and stick it back to them. Okay. And take your Starbucks Jose and can you see? WC, WC and hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Got a comment. Question and a request. Yes, sir. The comment. I think both gone over the, yeah, she played in two super balls. And this morning, he said the master's was a greatest sport event. He's ever had a pleasure. Oh, my God. Yeah. Well, that's the kind of question. Can't get a re-eccenary. Is that a book of Brian B. Can you know, Tyler? It's you, scholar. Crazy, Jim, scholar. Okay. All right. My shameless request. It has a Michael Podney and a Naval, the NC might have to hit it on the fly, but your God, so you can, if what Christian threw for fun. Oh, okay, pal. You got to have a great, whatever you say. No, no, no. And pick up the Easter Bunny off the road. Happy vacation. Thanks. Now, what does that call? What do Christians, Christian fun? Is it really? And this guy even knows the things they've got to be bleeped in. How do you like those are the guys we like? Those are the people that really have some clues. Voila. Oh, that's great. I want to tell you, once the pedal Starbucks is free, click on that. Yeah, click on that. Raccozy. What a way, Hoonay. See that, watch the TV. Nothing. Who's the people who are sitting on the way, Hoonay. Why, what? To know what's up, to know what Christian's duper bones. Be five and live in the corner. While fondling in the smoke, my cup to know what's up to know what Christians you put bones. Hoonay. See that, from the past we've got to be. Be pailing back to the back of road, and see. Yeah. That goes into the pitch, just to taste they may produce. That's just about all they're allowed to see. Why, what's up to know what's up to know what's up to know what's up to know. Do they hear the sound? Well, meaning out there comes. Why, what's up to know what Christians you put bones? Do they polish up the pitch? I'm telling you something's wrong. Why, what's up to know what Christians you put bones? See that, standing in the feet and sit back down again and chew. And watch it all down with the 12th after food. Yeah. Give a life a border of the heaven, you fool. God always smile in the fun, poor. But word, did you say? I did it. Oh, it's free. Three senses, I'll let you have this be great. Yeah, that's good. That was a good choice. Thank you so much, because that was obviously from the post-Joyce era, and he had to do it over again. I like those, but he puts his own bleep skin. There's a positive idea. What are those? There's something. 757 under Paul and jewelry is in my place with one. I mean, what is, do you know, do you look at somebody's jewelry? Shallow horrors, look at jewelry. I see. And that's the only thing they consider. WCWM, hello. Hey, Neil, is George the creep people are the Lord of the Board in today? Yeah, the Lord of the Board. That's the only thing. Hey, Neil, you had a poll on where group of people have the word, body odor? Yes. Nobody QA and hello. Oh, Neil, I do. Okay. Yeah, on Wednesday night, CNN did a segment on a $27 million using, opened up on Memorial Day that had dinosaurs living in the Garden of Eden. Andrew Cooper did this story. Did you hear about this show? No. These museums are opening up all over the country. They had this woman from the family association. Are we talking about? They kept saying, they had this woman in the garden of Eden. She just refused to answer the question. It did something. It's Christians believe. These museums are all over the country. I want to put noses on your poll. I know George H. Big noses. Okay, that's very important. Okay, but what is the face? Yeah. What is the nose? What's the nose is on there? And crazy Eric has a great vacation. Oh, a gay vacation. Oh, is what it's said. I have no doubt. I'm already sure is that Richie Simmons is hanging from a helicopter there from a chopper. Have a gay vacation. Looks like Richie Simmons hanging by a rope. I'd like to see Richie Simmons hanging by a rope. I paid to watch that. And George tells me that I have to see the South Park from last night, which best for him all over. Especially since you were just asking about the Easter Bunny, what's his significance of that? That's what it's like all about. I'll be damned. And then William Don who would you like to see? Oh, my God. Where are you? He's another one. Where have you for nice, great diaper? WQAM. Hello. Yes. Neil, taking calls. That's a room. Yes, he's. All right. Oh, no. I actually want to have a listen. I've a listen for about 10 years. I haven't heard. I want to speak to him. You're speaking to him right now. Oh, sorry. You made an asthma. So listen. On that whole, if you want to get the Spanish demographics weighing in on this, we don't care about muggy faces. One is the other big off. S. Yeah. The ass is very important. Okay. Thanks, Pally. All right. See. I'm pretty sure we have asked on there, though, already certain fact that we have buck. But. But. Well, you know, we could be asked, but back to him. It's a hundred. In fact, it's in third place right now. Yeah, we know that about that. That's why J.L. Actually, made more than five dollars in her lifetime. Mm-hmm. Because of that big. Back to him. Other than that, she's got no talent. She don't look good. She can't act. She can't sing. She can't dance. Right. Right. And as a result, she's very popular. Look at some weight better going than coming. Welcome to QAN Hello. Neil, did you see the Chinese guy in ox Office of Building with the water cannons? Yeah, about 400 times, yeah. Well, why are they using this thing? Because they want to knock him off the edge of the building. WQAN Hello. Hey, hello. WQAN Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I feel double crossed by William Donovan. You're. I want you to have a good vacation buddy. We're going to miss you and we enjoy you every afternoon. Thank you so much. Well, maybe you can only listen to the afternoon part. Always the level of the night in the morning. We got 766. I think I think you're going to make your sounds today. Okay. You know, I laid that off on you. Yeah. Well, what's wrong with that? Nothing. I just got to you saying, I think you're going to make your sounds. I'm going to be credit for it. Aud G. 774. We should have way over 800 by noon. No sweat. Two hours. If you get to 200 votes in a couple hours, man. You're really slipping. Beware says the sun. Send on specters cruising neighborhoods for a sprinkler violations. The water police have hit south Florida streets to say municipal machinery that make sure a new roof compliance with the building code is swung into action to enforce the new restrictions on using water. Codants specters already are cruising neighborhoods looking for a sprinkler's operating on the wrong there at the wrong time. And they're going to take your ass away and fry it for lunch. While cities generally are handing out only warnings to violators, that will change very soon. Like Ron Dia said, soon. Remember that? Soon. Soon. And the South Florida water management district, which is imposing a lot of rules is hand training sessions for city police and code enforcement officers. How to spot violations and identify people trying to mark the system. They're going to be innovative, which items the water management districts water conservation officer, order room full of police and code enforcement officials at a recent training session, they're going to challenge your ass. During the region's 2001 drought, for example, code officers noticed an odd and widespread phenomenon. Water trickling from under closed garage doors, it turned out that people were flooded in restrictions by washing cars inside their garages. Now they see that. Yeah, they're just going to unload. And the Palm Beach County Town of Atlanta's one man found a way to take advantage of the loophole line for watering on new landscaping. He bought five potted trees. Each day moved him into a different part of his lawn, which he then lavishly watered. He got a ticket to ride. This year facing one of the worst routes on record districts, governing board voted to restrict car, washing a lot of watering on the uses. The three days a week, the restrictions gave him a ton of two days a week, April 13, which is next Friday, if he acts me. The water management district disaster, cities to stop issue warnings after April 15 and go to citations, finds very from city to city based on local ordinances in Delway Beach, a first offense caused a hundred bucks a second, 200, and a third offense to pay for your crap away. In Boca finds a be up to a special master could hit a grand in four-lutter Delafers to fences 25 bucks and later offenses up to $500. George Kamejo directed development services for Boca said the public responses have been positive, although many people are typically adjusting tigers on this sprinklers. Alright, that's it. Just say I'm stupid. If you got your sprinklers going at the wrong time, just say, oh well, I'm just stupid. I can't figure out, you know, like from one o'clock to a clock. It's a little bit too complex for my ass, okay? And I'll say, yeah, we believe you. We believe you're stupid, and I know where to bake fat one. In sight, blah, blah, blah, blah. Huh where we got the... V Let them ship your body! I'm talking about a video present, Peter Mocky, Sing along song. Over 50 of your favorite Sing along song On three fun-loving videos, or DVD. Let's all get drunk tonight! I hope I can enjoy it with a punch tonight! So we're here to watch in! Gosh, there's a very first time! So this is so many! This is an exclusive TV offer, So call now for this price list collection. And so many can only find why don't we get drunk and drunk. Oh, gosh! Here's another team, I'm Monday, You have another trend coming out two-thirds of the way to book and if it's as disastrous as the lack of trends for the station and last one, most of us are on this station. Probably the best idea is to email me, you know? I'll just hit the low light. And then I just won't come back. Something to think about, you know? Alright. Orlando says, It's the juice again, but before I start, I'd like to say how to George and Josh Curtis, tell him George I'm Billy's friend, you know, Billy? Uh, okay. Sure. Billy's a very common name. I know several Billy's. I think I know the one that he's referring to. Okay. Please, please, Francis. I want to start off with you with Ray Tam and Ampton. I have a spy report. I was flipping through the radio and came across a gentleman and Orlando's using the term very loosely. About that, and with Sid Rosenberg, Grant Steen Schwartz, what he said was shocking. He said that his show was the most talented entertaining and thought, fuck provoking, show regardless of what an in so-called legends might think. Right. That's why he keeps running back up to I'mus and try to get back to New York. Which will probably be back there soon. Says automatically, assuming he was talking about you or Dave Lamont. Yeah, Dave Lamont, his farting is legendary. He also says that he tends to go to the Ranskell house a lot and one of those, you can't miss places especially to take your friend to. Wow. Oh my God. I almost drove off through a line for that. He says, before I leave, I want you to play the, I've a couple on Pablo said just did. An astroach who made that drop. Where did that come from? Call. Hi, but I want Pablo. A caller called up. A little random, just a hit and run thing and we carted it up. Wow, how do you like that? And a reminder says, love you once again and everybody says. Alright, let's sleep. Thank you, Orlando. And say how to bully too, whoever that is. Right. WCQA and hello. That's George's, that's George's post personal friend, Billy. Okay, how are we doing on the full 791? See, we'll be approaching 850 by the top of the R by noon. So you're in for the 1,000. I wouldn't even give it a second thought. And in your case, I don't even know. Yeah, I won't give it a first one. First thing I noticed about a first time I've tried to do is they're blank. Face 256. Well, of course. Of course, that's why you people that send these people out are applying to be friends now that don't have any picture on it. I delete it right away. Is that a bad thing? No, it's not. I just believe you, if you don't have a picture to put on there, you're not going to make that much effort. And you're, you're that mysterious while going away. Don't bother me. I won't, I won't put the put on there. 256, breast 159, especially a guy with big boobies, gross. But 101. Well, that's my favorite station. But 101. You ever hear that? No. Does it in butt Montana? I 79, smile 36. I hate this pull only 29 and 3.6%. That's nice. They're here 26. They're legs 22. They're bulge 15. Now, if it's like a female, well, I don't want to go there. Don't leave me. Yeah. Their teeth 13, their feet 12, their clothes 11, their hips 10. Shoes five, their height four, hands four, their abs four. Shoulders two arms two and jewelry still has Sultan the Uno. Out of 791. They're jewelry. I mean, you're a course that's like anything else. We can put anything on there. Like, you know, they're fingernails. They're nostrils. Yeah, they'll get some votes. Just the way they are. Here's another good reason to go on cruise ships. Not. I've been begging these people for years and years. Will they listen to me? No. No. Because what do I know? What could I possibly know about travel? Scores of passengers climb down rope platters to rescue vessels. After a Greek cruise ship struck a refus. Today in Mediterranean and started a listing. Forcing the evacuation of 600 people including North Carolina high school students. Authorities said hundreds of American tourists at least two school groups from Canada. And more than 100 spaniards run the Greek flagced sea diamond when hit the rock off the island of Santa Rini show before 4pm. A lot of us were taking pictures, but we're coming in to Santa Rini. All of a sudden there was this big jolts at Katherine Small 17. One of more than 2,000 students from North Carolina on board. The ship was really far tilted. It was actually kind of freaking us out of scary said small. Who tends to check or heal high school. North Carolina. That's sort of just favorite North Carolina. The other thing would be fun. More than a dozen ships were involved in the rescue effort along with 60B rescue helicopters. Two military transport planes and four warships. The ship was evacuated quickly and successfully. No one had as much as a nose bleed. Said the merchant reenminister. Who's got a Greek name which are not come to try to read. With 8,000 letters in it. With the ship this size is like dealing with a trustry building. The ship was a difficult operation. He said the merchant reenminister said, low 195 passengers in 291 crew members were on board. Most of the passengers were from the USA. David Lann 17 at middle creek high school in Apex North Carolina said the telephone to view that he was taken to a restaurant after being evacuated and was due to travel to Athens on an overnight boat. Everybody is perfectly fine. He said, oh, we're fine. His mother in Eastland of Raleigh in North Carolina said she had talked to her son several times this week during the trip. They've been around Greece and Athens for coming back from Turkey. He called and said the ship is taking out water and we're going down. I said, don't play with me. He said, I have a life vest on. Don't worry, ma. I got a life vest on. Best by vest. That's just. Another reason to get on them cruise ships. Man, they just seem to have some difficulties right now. I have no idea why so many people get stuck into that because they're not smart. They're like freight. They have good marketing campaigns. That must be it. Or maybe they have package deals. That could be it. That's what when you're used to say, seven ideas and a pull-off. If I hit that view current, look how fast they're worse. Are you at least a little impressed by that? That is a nice. I love a little shortcuts like that. That's a good day. It didn't change anything. I mean, it's still seven, 98. We're still on the precipice of 800. WQA and hello. Neil, how you doing? Good. Just wanted to say you have a safe and happy holiday. Thank you. I also want to recommend a book to you if you have a chance to get something before you leave or even when you come back. It's a book by the name of by an author named Quigley. And the book is called Evolution of Civilizations. And I think it's a little bit tough to read it first. A little slow, but once you get into it, it really helps you make sense of the world. It's pretty interesting book. Maybe I'll find it in the airport. Maybe. Maybe it's not. I know Barnes and no one places like that. Have it. The other thing on your pole? Yes. The first thing I notice is the shape of a woman. The overall silhouette of a woman is she. I'm not talking about shape. Yeah, body shape. I mean, that kind of the first thing that catches your eye and then you look and see the other details. Okay. See you. Thanks, Pauline. Yeah, we can put that on your body shape. What's wrong with that? I think that makes sense. What does that sound? Sounds great. What does that sound? What does that sound? It sounds great, but it's not. I know what he's talking about. Figure. But that's not the first thing I would look at. I mean, if I looked at it, it was an ugly face. I don't care what the body shape is. I don't care if they're like a dinosaur like hercules like Brady Quinn, Junia. That is correct. They got a nasty face. Oh, that's it. Sweet. 801 in the pool. You're in like Flynn. I'm warning Americans, it's Paul Harvey. Stand by for news. Abigail McGillan and elderly woman answered a knock at the door one day. Only to be confronted by a well-dressed young man, carrying a vacuum cleaner. I'll say it again. The young man was carrying a vacuum cleaner. Good morning. Say the man, if I could take a couple of moments of your time, I'd like to demonstrate the very latest and high-powered vacuum cleaners. Go away, said Abigail. I haven't gotten any money. And she proceeded to close the door. Quick as a last, a young man wedged his foot in the door and pushed it wide open. Don't be too hasty. He said to Abigail, not until you have at least seen my demonstration. With that, he emptied a bucket of horse manure onto her hallway carpet. If this vacuum cleaner does not remove all traces of horse manure from your carpet madam, I will personally eat the remainder. Abigail step back in chuckle. Then said, well, I hope you've got a damn good appetite because they cut off my electricity this morning. Paul Harvey. Good day. Good day. Have you heard that before? That's kind of cute. Yes. Have you heard that before? Yes. How do you do that? It's an old joke. But you're that bit though. No, not that bit. No, not as old as you are. I think my step was too old. You were particularly used to tell those jokes. Who did? My stepfather. He's dead now. And Paul Harvey probably will be soon too. I'll just have a little wiener here with my lunch. Again? Ah. Hey, that was a lot of notes on the pool. How come I thought we were going to have a difficult time getting to a thousand even by two o'clock right out of do that? Like a face. So what is this? Like a face now? Good Friday. I'll let me go wash my feet. Here's George while I go wash my feet again. Somebody's got to do it for you. Or it doesn't count. You have a disposal let go. You're clergyman. It's supposed to do it for you. I'm telling you those altar boys are interested. The Pope would have one. You wouldn't let go. And he was hanging out for a dear life. And the foot too. Maybe he was doing that one little little, two little, you know, little piggies. He was scrubbing it a little bit. WQA. WAM. Yes, you know how you doing? Great. Hey, I heard something on the internet the other day that did. Thanks Maria. By the way, thanks Maria. She's a have a great vacation yesterday. President Chester, I heard, is getting a commensain in speech at Miami Gate County College and I want to. Oh my, correct. Encourage all of your listeners. I can't contact with their impeachment shirts and whatnot. So I guess, you know, the media keeps forgetting about that. And we're off in Hillary. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for the help. It's up and heads down. 814 vote on a poll. 560. 560. Over to this. Britain's work gathering intelligence on the Iranian. This is one of the U.T. News. Oh, that's bad. The British naval personnel seized by Iranian forces in the Gulf. We're gathering intelligence on the activities. One of the U.T. News said that they've been friends with their capture broadcast yesterday. We sort of gather intelligence as well. Royal Marine Captain Chris Air. Told sky news TV. Chris is 25. Is that the way that they head on there? I don't know. I haven't seen it before. When I look pretty good until the open is mouth and chill those nasty, uh, bucky, beaver British teeth. Boy. What is it with the British and their teeth? Why do they have such bad tooth hygiene? I don't know. Maybe they're afraid of the dentist. I could also somewhere in this pile. And I guess I'm going to have to play this before I get to the story. The headline is National Guard troops headed back to Iraq. KCNU on 2 AM. I don't have any national guards in it because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now. Not the National Guard. Not the National Guard. No National Guard in Iraq. There's no National Guard at now. No. Several National Guard brigades are expected to be notified soon. They could be sent to Iraq around the first event here, according to the scene to Defense Department official. If there are assessment, if there are assignment to Iraq, it's only proved by defense like a Dair Robert Gates, it would be the first time Full Guard combat brigades were sent back to Iraq for a second tour. The units would serve as replacement forces in the regular unit rotation for the war and would not be connected to the resumulatory buildup for security operations in Baghdad, which are going so strongly well, by the way. Not. In fact, I think what John McCain ought to do since he figures it so safe, maybe could set up like a fruit stand out through the middle of the city. You know, it could make some more money for his campaign. Right. And he could operate it. You know, lemonade stand fruit stands in like that. Gates is expected to sign the notices alerting the guard truth shortly said the official who requested an anonymity because the information has not been released. You'll start to see these reserve component forces coming back in the rotation said the official and in that the notices are being done now, we're going to give the guard units as much as possible to prepare and to leave the country. Get the candidate. Don't go over there. Are you a kid's author? Don't let them send your ass over there. I'm not going to give you a human sacrifice. I'm telling you right now, even though the media is obsessed with dancing with the stars and I want to stupid garbage like that. Don't do it. Q. I am. Hello. 567. 2. I mean. Yeah. You're not these people. See ordinarily, like in a real civilized place, where we're civilized people with nice people. Especially when you've been on your 31 years in the market. Ordinarily, there'd be a whole lineup of people. They'd be standing from the, where you're sitting right now from the studio all the way to Jacksonville. I mean granted, I do take on revocations a year and it's not anything you're sterner, but just to say hey, have a great time. We're going to miss you when George is, you know, whatever they want to say about you. Yeah, it's something. And just like this thing in here on the my space thing, there was a little bit of floor of activity there. Well, what I have about 8 or 9, 10. Okay. And Orlando sitting in the bathtub with his clothes on. He's still there. I already read that. See, he's the last one on there. With that long. Yeah. He's sitting there with Billia, I think, some matter if I really said hi from the bathtub. And that's it. See, so it's one thing not to do it voluntarily. You follow what I'm saying? No, but not even to be willing to do it. And of course it's good Friday. There must be these cues, right? There's no school today, obviously. I bet you a lot of people bail this weekend when you think. Mm-hmm. So we're operating with less than the usual 2,300 people that we had. So what are we talking about? Yeah. I think we ought to follow suit. Let's bail right now. Okay. There's Chris. Hello, Miami. I want you to stop and think about that. Nice girl. I never really thought about that. Often I'm joking about getting up and walking up. Yeah. In fact, a few weeks or almost did that on a Monday. Yeah, I know that was silly. What was silly, Ross? Silly goose. Did I do it? No, you didn't. But I thought about it. My ass was about a quarter inch up in here off this chair. I was thinking about just hey, screw this, you know. And then I thought to myself, you have a little bit of the 10th of the 25th. They're really nice on pay days. But suppose you and I didn't get up and walk out. I want you to stop and think about that. What would you do, Chris? This is going to be in radio. Are you wouldn't do that, would you? That one is. Chris has got a lot to say. I'm sure. Yeah, what would you talk about? When you talk about what A holes the two of us are for just getting up and abandoning you. I'm leaving you there like to carry less 2 and a half hours of the show. It'd be good start. Well, you know, I've missed there. You know, A holes because you'd be giving my shot on the air, you know. So that's what you need to do. There we go. You know, here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here's Chris. The calling number is. Yeah. That's it. We're lying the callers. I guess you'll learn from me, huh? We're lying the callers. Here's your caller right here. QIM. Yeah, there he is. Ugh. HU watts. Is there ever any thought? That would be my best suggestion minus we're always able to lie in for us. Okay lick those cans. Get everybody out of the way. 825. That's tough to say. Sure, you're, your dear man. One hundred and uh... Everyone had a piece of shit? What's a bigger fine in Bar County, disposing of paussums, right? The first thing I noticed about a person I'm attracted to is their face? Su 66, You're back to baby, they're face. Although, you see, I mean, it's a fine pull, but obviously the guy that said before when he was talking about their body ship, when you look at somebody, like for example in Berlin, a summer-dern world cup week, and I keep talking about that young gentleman. When you see somebody, you see their entire being. I mean, their entire persona, you see their head, their body, their knees, their toes, their, they're following, saying their bulge, and you see all of this in one picture. There's Rob Marciano, for example, who looks much better from far away. He's okay. He looks, that's it, back, back up all the way to the wall, they're rocked. Pretending to get the guns out of CNN again. Face 266, breast 163, but 107. Eyes 83, smile 37. I hate this pull only 293 and a half percent, they like it. Here are 27 legs 22, teeth 15, bulge 15, feet 12, clothes 11. I gotta know this for if they look really hot to me, I don't care if they're wearing a burlap sack. Easy access that way by the way. And maybe kills, try it. Hipstead wouldn't work for me, wouldn't help. Body shaped five, although I'm gonna get in the wardrobe though for my trip for that one guy. I'm checking out my wardrobe. Five shoes, five hands four abs four, shoulders two, arms two and jewelry is still down there on the SS. Oh, I'm Dennis Phelman, the proud owner of Lucky, a champion golden retrieva. Isn't that right Lucky? Lucky. Look tied there on your mate. Well, no other doll can out run out, catch out, jump this free-treeva, show me your stuff, Lucky. Jump, bench, bench, Lucky. I sleep in my cabin, I must have overworked from this morning. Anyhow, when it comes to champion dogs, I make sure they get the best nutrition possible like new, kibbles and crips dog food, Lucky just loves it, don't you, Lucky? Well, little stiff, they're all you're lucky. Oh, smell going on too, I like, get out of here, flies! When he wakes up he'll be ready for another training session and another tan of kibbles and crips dog food. It's the dog food that all dogs go woof over. That's your cute Lucky. All right, you get some rest there, Lucky. Stay in for a stick, get out of here. Okay, love 45, that's bad. I shouldn't be playing that, but that's really bad. But it's so cute. And we're Johnny G checked, and I'm sure you're surprised to that. And I don't know anybody Ricky who sent me another you cute video on air for the thing. Thank you guys. And here's one from the guy that called him in the goi says the book I called about evolutionist civilizations and introduction to historical analysis by Carol Quigley is what it is. I guess I'll hear some put in my pocket. I mean, it's not likely I'm going to find that if the new stand in the air for it, but you never know is. Do you? Right. No, you never do. I mean, I mean, we think I have time to go to and the world's largest bookstore, look at browsing for that book before I go, but you never know. 835 Otson the pool, you are in. I think you owe me a great the dead of gratitude for that. You're a all a sundial card. Any card, or maybe you'll send me a note on my space or something like that. I'll post a comment. And second thought, don't even do. WDQAM, hello. Excellent job Chris, you're already the kudos are already coming. That's great. 31 years in a market in the board is empty right now. There's not a single call on it, but Chris goes on the air for like 17 seconds and already he's got a following. That's how difficult the so-for audiences. 560, 5060, pound five 60 and the Verizon singular wireless line is good Friday though. All the get skis around there. They're all in choice. They're all rolling the Easter eggs. They're all scrapping Easter running up off the highway. When you want to see that South Park episode, it'll all make sense. Yeah, now what time is that again, and then I can pee VR it. I'm not sure. Check your local listings. I guess I can check my guide. WDQAM, hello. Neil, you're going to watch the master's in your trip? Oh yeah, my master's metherect. I'm going to make sure I'm out of plane where I can get the TV so I can go and mess up. I don't mess up. Puts. Yeah. I'm going to watch the golf I you're gone there. I got to mind you know something seriously. The fact that this is supposed to be a sports station we spend so much time covering and I believe what you have the guy said about both campers. That's probably pork because mad dogs is the same thing. This is the highlight of his entire year. Bigger than a Super Bowl bigger than world serious anything else in sports. I don't know. You're obsessed with this master's golf tournament. And you want to know why? That's why because I get plastered up there. I mean, while anybody else would want to go to a gust of Georgia. Would you ever want to go there? No. It's right down stream from Aintree though. I'm a WQA. Hello. Yes. Good morning Neil. Yes sir. The reaching out is we're in the process of selling our condo in that venturer at the territory. Good. Good. And we are congratulations to you sir. Yeah, I'm getting out of this guide for a second place. We've been put up in temporary housing. We ended up at the old Doville hotel at 67th in Collins. And if you don't have your Spanish biblioteca or dictionary dictionary, you're out of love. My friend. The that way is like on total OEA auto auto OEA. Okay. Yeah. A lot of doctors down there too with the assistant pacock. And this place is at a control. We're relocating to Rome, Italy, my friend. Are you serious? Absolutely. How do you pull that off? He says having a lot of cash. Well, you know, did my time here. I've been in South Florida over 40 years. Go back with Dave to free to the old days at the loves 94. I've been a chronic of yours for many years. And if it wasn't for you, I probably wouldn't have been able to make the last 20 years. I'm sure that. I'm getting that out. Welcome in physioman. Well, please do. We'll be very, very close to the evento and the area of a party only. I'll see you at the leg ran hotel. Okay. I'll be over at the Fampana. They're ready. I'll re-vitar. Okay. Show. Show. I bet. Don't see. Don't see. Oh, man. Am I ever jealous? I don't hear something. I might not come back. This is a simple decision. No, it's saying that you're not. You know, what do you mean by that? So, you know, give us a heads up so that we can prepare this a little whole bunch of tapes. Don't know. It's good to take so we don't want too much George QA and hello. Mama. Mama. Mama. Me. I want to go to the room. Mama. Mama. Yeah. Sounds good to me. Only I blow up like a balloon. Maybe I didn't know time at all. I'm being dead. I did die of BB's guy. From all of that pizza and pasta and pasta and pizza, mmm, linger-manager. Maybe 842 votes on the pool. See, that's one of the good things about going to Amsterdam. You know, you're going to lose weight. You can't complain about the food there. You want it on a Y? Because they don't have any? Exactly. Because there isn't any. I'll dig up Mickey D's though, man. I'm going to say hi to my pet rat. The one under the fries there. I'll say hi to him for it. WQA and hello. Not there. And of course, line 9. I don't. I don't. And when you start your own show, Chris, let me tell you right now. Line 9 of it like it's got a bubonic plague. We'll do race away from it. Yeah, we're going to be on the Virgin Islands revotes by noon. And I was worried about two getting a thousand by two o'clock. What's all this wrong? When you're legendary, you don't worry about such crap. That's probably what Chris ought to say right there at 10 o'clock in the morning when I start. We've only got like 505 years. Some low embarrassing, grotesque total for whatever reason. And I guess, you know, of course, with the ambiance of the whole deal. Because it's good Friday. It's a holiday. You, he didn't ban. So don't you understand? We should all be sacrificing chickens or something. That's right. We should be washing our feet or letting some old the getsky washer feet. Yeah, he wants to scrub it for you. He wants to get right under your nails under your toenails and get in there and squeeze and please and what are on his knees, whatever. I saw that yesterday. I just wanted to scream. Even though I know, of course, you know, this is all part of the trappings and cramping of this stupidity, but good, guy, Miss Molly. WQA and Footline. Hello. WQA and Hello. WQA and Hello. You know, you're in a good moon because you're going on vacation, but I'm in a good moon because I sold 12 properties. The Mister, Mrs. Nightbrook. Nightbrook? Yeah. Do you see how they lived? What does that mean? How many more does that mean? That's from my Glenn Gary going to Ross. Oh, I see. That's what I was thinking. But I wasn't, I mean, what, what a member you have to have for that, you know, or if you've seen the movie, it's not closed as long. Have you made your decision for Christ? Where does your latest trade? You idiot. Whoever told you that you could work with men, what's your hired for? It's the help us. The vaccine cleared to you, to help us, to help men who are going out there, to try to earn a living. You company man, you're fairie. Get the job. Hey, get the job. Put me on a candle at the floor. I should play the whole thing there at Whole of Jack and All. Yes, there's another great movie I want to recommend. The case you haven't seen it, we don't do, I mean, we talk about it too much from movie that most people haven't seen. When you think that, that's one that it's really of fun to watch for everyone, especially teenagers about to go out into the work in the world. Yeah. You think teenagers would stick with Glenn Gary Glenn Ross? Sure. It's heavy. Heavy duty, man. I go out and get it right now. I would steal a copy. I'll send you a copy. I got it. 560560, pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line. Our in seven minutes to go until vacation time. And I thought I'm counting you understand. Right. I was telling Josh yesterday before to show that when when it gets close to vacation time for like the last several days, I'm sure everybody else is like this too. Last several days, your mind, your heart and your mind are really in this, you know, they're already gone, long gone. They're long gone, your whole existence is like, oh man, just look at that clock. How did that? WQAM? Hello. There you know. Yes, sir. I forgot. No, yeah, but you did. WQAM? Hello. WQAM? Hello. WQAM? Hello. I'm just being checking in. South Florida population booming despite challenges. I'm glad we got to this story before a ran on time. A little word of warning. This is a public service that we you won't hear something any other show in this market. I guarantee that at the warning people for years don't do it. Okay. You'll rule the day like that. I got a call of minute ago. That's going to roll my man. Well, am I jealous to him? He's obviously got mooch of the narrow baby and he's just he's had it. He just don't like the ambiance. No mole. In fact, they're probably going to be more English in the room than there isn't a county. I don't think there's any question about that, is it? Spiriling housing costs, congested highways, hurricane anxiety, no speaking in English. I just injected it. All these things are supposed to be making South Florida less attractive place to live. But new sense of system is very substantial. The region continue to be a people maggot, magnet drawing 455,000 plus new residents primarily immigrants who don't know any better. Between April 2000 and July 2006, that's the ninth largest metro area increase in the country during that time. The US Census Bureau defines the region's metro area as Broward, Dayton, Palm Beach County. The new report shows a nine percent increase in population in the past six years. Oh, my God. That's a lot of people and that's major growth for nearly already as large as we are said to under a senior plan for Broward County. It's also a significant enough increase to ratchet up the urgency for solving problems like traffic congestion, affordable housing crisis, and other growth related concerns planners say. That amount of growth brings consequences. The Richard Ogburn, Assistant Director of Research in Budget of the South Florida Regional Planning Council. A lot of roads we should have built but we're not building new roads so that's a lot more cars on the roads we have. We've known for a long time our transportation system has kept up with the growth. That's a lot of school seats and a lot of hospital beds and there's no end in sight. Back to them. A slow down in population gains during the past few years as a momentary low plan or say census numbers release a month last month show that between July 2005 and last July, the number of people moving in the date Broward and Palm Beach County's from other states known as domestic migration was less than number of moving up. Well, that parts good. See that? Those people are catching on. South Florida's growth is few of almost entirely by foreign immigration to transduce census resources happening in large metro areas across the country. No spiggining place. I'm kidding. That doesn't really bother me. But what does bother me is just the it just needs a people transplant. There's nothing wrong with South Florida that a people transplant wouldn't cure it. This is pretty good. Whenever I shape my balls I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour. I don't think we ever saw her when she wasn't high or involved with some K.A. We got time to see her salt when no big shock indeed. That could follow the endroads in her band and a play green. Her crazy boy friend lawyer could not help and a scene she was. She was a man of the country. She was a man of the country. She was a man of the country. She was a man of the country. She was a man of the country. She was a man of the country. She was a man of the country. She was a man of the country. She was a man of the country. She was a man of the country. I don't know how she was even able to stand. She had much drops in her bit of a 60 drop man. There was not one single kind of that she was, who then help us to burn her tears. And one point she won the sign of wide-open And when she spoke she sounded just like Albert Barn. Did she just think those were the sheep of things and no, she seemed, have many feelings out of their souls. Or in her jacket, they spun pillows, they bought some dance a fail. She took some fun, put ass a fail. You just did some nice a fail, and a careless fail. She took some of the razz a fail. And if you want that to fail, that's a whole lot of time, saying, including no, I asked the fail. She done it all, baby, and the drugs, too. 12.03.05.60 WDQAM. It's a 57 minutes to learn a clock. Not that I'm counting you understand. There's nothing worse than somebody on it. It's like home, we have to ball games, you know. And people think, oh, that old man, he just can't wait until the ball game comes on a free game. Show us we can get that on here and go lose his ass like I did on Wednesday. Man, that was not good. Good thing he weren't around for that. Yeah, I'm glad I went. Massacre it would by man, Massacre it with the machines, just stealing. I felt like a armed robbery. Good news for it always. 859 votes. Okay, sure over there. Nope. I wouldn't be by that. You ought to be, because it means guaranteed. You're going to be way over 900 by the time you come on. Like a blind one. And then we'll make that bonus. That's, you know, something I think you hit on something right there. You followed a bucket of slop, man. Instead of getting the bonus for the ratings now, because QM doesn't have any anymore. And probably won't have any for years to come now. That would jelly Joe and Clarence his assistant have destroyed it. As we as all of that. And of course, that tremendous morning show. But other than that, I think we ought to get our bonus money predicated on the number of votes. We get on the polarity. What a great idea. And then what we can do is we can hire some ringers, you know. We'll sit there and like keep a rebooting and voting over and over and over. And like that. We'll get some hackers, you know any? Did you have to like, you have to like, you have to like, you have to. Hey, if there's a scab, I'll pick it. He's just trying to put you on the grave. 860, 3 votes. Thanks Maria. Thanks Ricky. See Ricky likes me mentioned a lot of them. There's a hand bonus fight as mentioned that again. Well, these are people who, you know, they care enough to send their great best to send it. They don't say have a great time. Have a good vacation. You know, 11 kisses a few years or something. A little something something. That's all. What's wrong with that? As opposed to the mass, the majority of people out there wouldn't give me the time of day. And then we got Rob who wants his Marlon tickets. Oh, my God. Is that a credit? And then we got Jose in there. Where now Jose and Hailea who wants, you know, put a put an ad on there for Starbucks. Getting a free coupon for server. So we can get his iPod or some crap like that, you know. One thing about the internet man is some really neat people on it. There's some great people and then there's everybody else. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. You know, I mean by that. There's a few really sensational people on there. Then there's the rest of the story. Here's the poll. We got 800 and the 65. And I love that thing with the view current. See all the time. I'm going to Eric knew that about that before. He just been holding back. Maybe he figured that we knew it and he didn't have to say anything. How do I know what we know that? How could we possibly know that? In fact, he put a green banner on the page. I guess it was on Wednesday because he finally realized that I wasn't aware that. And I was trying to deal. I forget how many we were going for. It always won't go down to the wire deals. And of course, we made it like we always do. But he put a green banner on there saying if you click view current, it will refresh much faster. And maybe be pretty good with it like that. Big bright green. We're very colorful like Easter colors, you know. Yeah, another thing with the Easter bunny on the side of the road. That's so sad. And his basket and the eggs are strewn all over the road. Poor little bunny. Now that would take a lot of sound to hit a rabbit. It's one thing to hit a cat. I remember one time I was driving home down there and the acres and it was a cat. Taking a sweet ass time crossing the road, you know. Like, you know, how cats are very independent. Like, you know, you'll do what it out. There is more important in Europe. But that's correct. So the fact that you were driving and going from point A to point B. That wasn't in their, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I couldn't just fly. And nothing I kind of made it into a street sandwich, man. But I just didn't do it. I couldn't do it. As much as I despise cats and I really do. I just couldn't do it. Now if I get another chance, maybe I can make a man's. Men's a men's a. Maybe that guy who's going to roll maybe he'll take me with him. Eight hundred and sixty seven votes. Best thing I noticed about it for first thing. I'm sorry. First thing I noticed about a person I'm attracted to is their face. Two hundred seventy six. Breast. Hundred seventy four. But one thirteen. But one thirteen. Back them. One of my favorite stations. The kick ass. Iz 88. Smile 37. I hate this pool a mere 29. Only three point three percent. You see the way we bounce back after yesterday's minute. I'm a disaster with that awful embarrassing pool. I was like almost 38 percent hated it five times hated it. Here 28. Legs twenty three. T fifteen. Sorry, I guess they're not enchanted with the brits. I can't have seen. They keep showing that one guy under that one's sailor. That you know, it was a kidnapped and released. They keep, he must be the spokesman for something like that. And you know what I think every time I see him. Hey, there. Anyway, a T fifteen. But that's I don't know. Joyce has been going to approve of that. But just could he's probably got one. Yeah, she probably got a lot of bulges. And I'll go on. Yeah, in places where you'd be kind of shocked, as a matter of fact, but nevertheless. Feet thirteen close thirteen. Body shaved ten. Hips ten. Hight five shoes five. Hands four. Hands down your pants four. Hands four. Shorders two arms two. And jewelry. Some silly person. But well, it's a good thing that they did. Because whoever decided to put that on there would be. You know, very hurt. Would they not? I imagine. I'll see. Here's a couple more. Okay, Ricky, no problem. I think I'm going to do it a new show. When I come back from vacation, I'm just going to communicate back and forth with the people on the website. All right. Now, one thing I will say is she beats the colors. And here's Rob, who says, did I just hear you love me in with the rest of them? Never mind, forget that ticket, sorry, Neil. Oh, I don't want to make Rob feel bad unless you want to. Oh, my God, that's funny. Oh, brother, see these people they sense though. And then when you rip money or in court, now when you agree, he deserved being ripped. Yeah, but some people, you know, they don't understand what it's all about. That it's just a radio show. It's just a radio show. It's just a radio show. Good job, Brad. Right. Rob, you're okay in my book. You never still are free. You don't look all I'd good, but nevertheless, if I call it, don't say that. What? Are you going to get them all depressed again? Oh. Well, I mean, I really can't tell no to I care, but it's him and two buddies. And there are heterosexuals, by the way, alleged. He's been in their bathing suits. Now, now that you see that picture in itself would be good for the pull we're taking because I can't find in a attractive body part among these three guys. They're standing there like damn they're almost naked. In fact, Rob looks good. Good thinking, Rob. I'm sure is the one in the middle on there. He's standing between two really pudgy ugly guys. His buddies, you know. Well, one isn't pudgy just ugly. That's good. Good thinking, Rob. I think I just made up for his thing about the tickets. He made a man's there. I think that was good. That was damn wide of him. Wasn't the fact that he apologized. He made such a jackass and such a free loader. And the big and protects somewhere along the line if we ever get him. And of course, you didn't go find Ray Perry. No, I know I didn't. I'll have authorized Agent go do it. Maybe Chris can do it. You sure can use the exercise. Okay. Now, what does Ray Perry sit? Where's his orifice? Yonder on the other side of the building. On the other side, you mean over the pound ninety six people? Sure, where the sales people, all the suitware and people they all sit over there. I see. Well, you know, the studio's over here on this side of the building. You know, the teacher at where and people work over here on the slums like he slums. The A and people, the slums. Not the real hot shots like over there on Power 96. Those slums. I see them in the elevator. I really don't want to keep going back over that story again and again. It's nothing that could. You know, when you, I'm not, you know me. I'm hardly a social butterfly. That's the understanding of the century. But at least if it's somebody else in the building that I've seen before, I say, hey, how you don't even get on the elevator right? Right? I can only engage in some long conversation and give them a big kiss in the hug and pretend like Josh Court is to do that. They he accosted me the elevator and stuck his time on my throat. And you know, I love it. I love it. I love it. See, I think I don't know what it is with you guys. Keep talking about what it is. You're looking guy Josh is trying to get him married off or something. His Russian girlfriend wouldn't be too pleased with that. Although I will say this yesterday when we would discuss an answer to them. Josh and no Sir Chris will bear this out was very inquisitive about the red light district. But not just our leftist or T.S. but the gay red light district. Yeah, he was all the more interested in that the blue light district. Yeah, he wanted to know how it works and who stands in the window and how much it is and how much for a job. So like that. Maybe figures he can make some extra change there. Some extra scratch. Yeah, he can scratch his. Why do you bestig? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's aniant item on the park. Off with your Shh Brain, This map shape is called Son and Labrador and August. You'll get a ton of life my writing from me On those girls in the rain, I'm gonna die For a ton of this blood on I'm gonna die I wanna spit my life low in you I'll give my death for the power we've got to And when it's time to head south and pray I wanna go with a living for better I wanna die For a ton of this blood on my head For a ton of this blood on my head For a ton of this blood on my head For a ton of this blood on my head I'm gonna die It's nice to do it, let me tell you that That's what you come to Florida Forest To sit back on a bench and wait to die In that way, it's all about four to the one There's a lot of drug stories There's a lot of drugs A lot of drugs A lot of drugs? Yeah Wrong kind, I guess Other than that, there's a lot of drugs There's a lot of drugs around the world Celebrating the Friday This, I know, I know There's a lot of drugs around the world Recreating the final steps of Jesus In Jerusalem's old city You see here, there's a lot of things I always thought it was a slupper That's why it was a sloppy dress I know about sloppy dress That's why I wore those cheap broken stocks Eight and nine, eight eighty-six on the pool You're approaching nine hundred by the bottom of the area You've got nothing to worry about I'm sure that's going to be grading you on this And especially next week when I'm out here Yeah, whatever Joe Bell is going to be off to him Probably be standing outside the other in the Chris's room It obviously doesn't matter how I do Or what the ratings are, right? You can have an eighty-two here And they're still going to say, well, that's tapes I mean, I want to hear Neil They want to hear Neil They don't want to hear some little whoo on there What is a crappy altitude That's correct You're right, you couldn't please him If you shine the shoes and went up from there And watch this feet But I know And then that's something to think about No thank you Now let me ask you this, I'm just kind of curious Okay Because it's good for odd eighties It's a legal holiday, my correct kids are out of school Well it's pretty break So it's not, you know, it's not one The kids are out of school anyway But what about the banks So the banks open there I have no idea Well why not? Well, I got what kind of money that you're making And you know the bank is open today Good, look at how I ain't talking about You're funny, you should be on the radio I think I'm going to end all of that after today And one o'clock, I think I'm just doing that You know, that's it And like I mentioned, was it last week? I think it's two o'clock because you were there You know at any point, especially based on what they do for us Which is virtually nothing at any point I could just say hey guess what? First of all, I'm not looking at what you're young You don't want to walk out of a job Without giving a bad notice Because you know you've got to want to reference some day You don't want the bad mothing you do Potential feature employer, you know it's bad on your resume Right? Right But when you're working for bastards like these I mean we finally got line one working again after two years Josh couldn't believe it he nearly fell off the chair There was I just give you the evidence line one working after two years And all the other things, all the other other Huzzah why man, just they just will not make the effort They don't care about that, it's not productive for them The only thing that's productive for them is, you know, how much money they can squeeze in And did I hear that pity, Lenny is back to somebody tell me that Or I have a bad dream Or I haven't heard it, so if you heard it that's news to me Who told me that Chris, who told me that pity Lenny was back That would be my gal I think? Yeah, that is correct Go ask your good buddy McGell, Lenny would say hello Well that's just fine What do you mean by that? Because we agreed that Pete Lenny was a crazy person But he was a mover and a shaker But that's right, he could go out and sell a little bit here and there He serviced his clients Yeah, no pun intended In fact, let's see, what is that the little red caboose Was that the name of that place? No, that's not it A little old caboose, something like that It's a red-board buzz I don't know what one of these says about the meat guys That's sharp and he's fine too So he's back, pity Lenny, yeah I bet you he's going to be almost as effective as bringing fat boy back That worked out real well Only bringing them back, they just brought them in We warned them, we told them, didn't do any good 891 votes on a poll I'm pretty impressed with that because you know me, I'm heavy duty about that I got a really good article here Now that the US Congress is investing in the truth of President Bush's statements about the Iraq War They might look into one of his most starling assertions There was a link between Saddam Hussein and the Sambal bin Laden Critics dismissed that as an invention but they were wrong There was a link But not the one that Bush was selling The link between Hussein and bin Laden was their banker, BCCI But the link went beyond the dictator in the jihad It's passed through Saudi Arabia and stretched all the way to George W. Bush And his father BCCI was the banker credit and commerce internationally Dirty offshore bank The then person of Reagan's CIA used to run guns to say Finance of Sambal bin Laden moved on in the illegally ran counter-operations And carried out other agency black operations The Bush has also benefited privately One of the banks largest Saudi investors helped pay out Baylor George W. Bush's trouble role investments BCCI was founded 1972 by a Pakistani banker Agah Hassan Abidi With a support of Sheikh Zai had been sulton on the hand Rule of Abu Dhabi and head of the United Arab Emirates Its corporate strategy was money lottery It became the banker for drug and arms traffickers Corrupt officials, financial fraudsters, dictators and terrorists All of these things All of these things The CIA used BCCI Islamabad, other branches in Pakistan To funnel some of the $2 billion that Washington sent to Osama Goodlads of Ujahadim to help fight the Soviet SNF Afghanistan And moved to catch the Pakistani military government officials Skidden from U.S. to the Mujahadim and also moved money Is required by the Saudi Intelligence Services The BCCI operation gave Osama an education offshore black finance They would put to use when he organized the G-Hod against the U.S. He would move money to the Al-Takwa bank operating offshore Nassan Switzerland with two Osama siblings and shareholders At the same time BCCI helped Saddam Hussein Following millions of dollars to the Atlanta branch of the Italian government Order Baka Natsu Nale de Lavora, Al-Avoro Back then, the US bankers, so that from 1985 to 89, it could make $4 billion in secret loans to a rack-telped by arms The Baka Natsu Nale de Lavoro US, I just like saying, US congressman Henry Gonzalez held a hearing on B&L In 1992 during which he quoted from a confidential CIA document That said, the agency at Longman were the bank's headquarters Was involved in the US branches Iraqi loans Kickbacks from 15% commissions on B&L's Fawdsard Lones were Channel in the bank accounts, held for a rack-telped by a BCCI Officers in the Cayman Islands, as well as an offshore Luxembourg in Switzerland B&L was a client of Kissinger Associates and Henry Kissinger was on the Bank's International Advisory Board along with Brent Skowcroft who had become George Bush's National Security Advisor That connection makes the Bushman Australians a prize and Indignation at oil for food payoffs in Iraq seem disingenuous at best Important Saudis were influential in the bank. She'd come all on and brother and all the state of the late Saudi king Faisal Head of Saudi intelligence from 63 to 79 and the CIA's liaison in the area became on a BCCI's largest shareholders George Bush's senior new odd home from his time running the CIA in 75 Another investor was Prince Turkey bin Faisal Al Saud who succeeded on Amiz Saudi intelligence chief The family of Khalid Salam Ben Mahfuz, owner of the National Commercial Bank of the largest bank in Saudi Arabia, Bankrede King Faisal and other members of the ruling family, but 20 to 30% of the stock for nearly a billion dollars bin Mahfuz was put on the board of directors. The Arab's interest in the bank was more than financial or classified CIA memo on BCCI in the mid 1980s said that its principal shareholders are among the power a lead to the Middle East including the rulers of Dubai and the United Arab Emirates and several influential Saudi Arabians. They were less interested in profitability than promoting the Muslim cause. The Bush's private links to the bank passed to bin Mahfuz through Texas business ban James Arbath who invested money in the US on behalf of the Saudi regime. In 76 when Bush was the head of the CIA the agency sold some of the planes of Arab America a secret proprietary airline used to be within a more to skyway accompanied by bath and bin Mahfuz. Bath and help finance George Abu Bush's oil company, our Bush to energy in 79 and 80. When a hard-knender G corporate serve served our Bush to but in merged with spectrum of 700 you got an financial travel 87. Jackson's Stevens of the powerful publicly connected Arkansas investment firm helped it secure $25 million in financing from the Union Bank of Switzerland. As part of that deal of place on the board was given a hard-knister holder sheke Abuullah Thabak whose cheap bank was BCCI's yearholder bin Mahfuz. Then in 1980 George Bush's senior was elected president. Harkin benefited by getting some new investors including in Solomon bin Laden or Samus Haffrother and Khalid bin Mahfuz. So, some have been allowed himself as busy elsewhere at the time organizing Al Qaeda. The money BCCI stole before we shut down in 1991 somewhere between 9.5 billion and 15 billion made it 20 year high to biggest bank fraud and history. Most of it was never recovered. International banks complicit in the offshore sequence. He systematically covered up the money trail. But in the years after the collapse of BCCI Khalid bin Mahfuz was still flush with cash. In 1992, established the Moofawak Foundation in the offshore channel islands, the US Treasury Department called it now the first front that received funding from wealthy Saudi businessman. When the BCCI scandal began to break in late 80s, the senior Bush administration did what it could do to sit on it. The justice department went after the culprits was virtually forced to only have a New York district attorney Robert Morgan thought did. But evidence about BCCI's brother links have existed numerous US international investigations. Now could be a good time to take another look at the BCCI Osama Sodom Salih Bush connection. All of these. How do you like that? Kind of sounds like CCI. I want to CCA the old stop now. Remember that and then move it at the judge couldn't watch because he kept falling asleep. Talk about pressure and the pressure is man at the petty chance. Brilliant. Of course now he's dead. So goes to show you how smart you are someday. They're going to get you. The groomed reaper award of the board. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. 28 past noon at QM. You. You. Whatever steps you want. If you have clear them with the punch everybody says on the. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. There is the evidence, in fact they probably would it would pered out the pool, y'know. And commenting in there. And slap you in the face with it. See this amongst your hard. How are you can cut it? Mm hm. I can cut the cheese though, but you can't. I know that you've been doing it. What the hell being good? Q, I am. Hello. Two until I feel how you doing. OK, sir. I have a couple questions for you. What was this source of that BCTI article? The one as just the guts to throw in a way or reading. Let's see. I'm pretty sure, yeah, a positive. Absolutely. Okay. The other question was that I just want to find out that you can't be hours if you're gay. Is that on the website anywhere? Is that on the website, George? I don't know. Go ahead and check. I mean, you can't. If you want to, this sounds like a reasonable guy. He doesn't sound like he's given you like a hard time or good time, either bad time. I just happened, I missed it that we'd be your plan of throwing, yeah. What is that thing called? George, I don't know, describe it. And then you can't be hours if you're gay. What is that called? Oh, God loves the average man. God loves the average man because I want to play with him. T.C. because it'll kill some good time in that right, sir. So it's not on the website. It's copy, really. It's not on the website. It's copy, really. Oh, it's all the way to material. Okay. Any chance I can hear today? Right now. Thank you, sir. See ya. Bye-bye. Because it'll kill like 71 seconds. There's a little coming down to the table, or puns in patty's day. I'm ready for the hey, you shall, across the USA. But you go, or what does this I hear? This cry and dally who? There's a bunch of squares again this year, who says, I wish to fuck God loves the average man. Unless it's for a second. If you are, you won't be marching upon sin patty's day. You can be above a bucket of stones short and that's okay. But you can't be, and you should get gay. No, the order of hey, Barrenians, those eminences free. I've delivered this frenouncements upon the blessed day. Short a little bit of heaven-fall and nestled in the sea. Much of cornstrait to help a homosexuality. But God loves the average, as long as men are men. Except for some other cards we've never been short of them. You can be seen, you can drunk and Ireland, chunks will laugh it all away. But you can't be, and you should get gay. No, you can't be, and you should get gay. Don't even try to be, and I should get gay. Okay, 21 till the 171. Seconds, nice, thank you very much Sir, and also out of very nice facts, George has he's got a tear. It's his haneal, my opinion. There's no comparison between George and Josh slash, Chris, Chris. George is intelligent with Ian Wellred, on many subjects. Chris and Josh are, well they're Chris and Josh. George, I don't want you to think I'm brown-nosing. It says it's four or five years ago. I would listen to my meals on vacation a few minutes. It was enough for me. George has really evolved into a good talk radio personality. Signed P. At least it input the cold in the P, which is the right thing in their tongue out there. On halfway through the box of tissues already. All right, and that's sweet. It is. And also sketchy. See, I turned on sketchy. I said, is it fan? I think I should have, why? By the way, because Josh was just in here, you know, he hears the show and everything like that. And they're not going to drive away between me and Josh. We're tight. Chiff. Oh. I got news for these half as affectionate with you as he is with me. And you're going to be on the other side. I said, I can't be any. Me, oh God. Oh. I'm fine on the rest. Every good question knows it came to play. And it's not so very hard to do. But the name of the game is the Bible. There's a few of the truth to where we do. Tell people you know the way. If I did to your house. If there's issues to weigh. And then you burn it down. You can get somebody to believe in it. But if you make the Bible say it's true. Oh, oh, oh, oh. So how do what you do? You can be your free. I'm a little more. I can always work if you pick up the poison in a snake. And I will say, way that all around. I will say, find this portion's linen. And you to doctor down. Everybody, make one with me. Okay. Come on, you'll be coming in. Beat the crap out of your kid. I will say, You're due to the ratty bow. Go on, you're coming. I will say, It's got to play the round. I will say, I don't just kick in faith. I will say, Do make a sacrifice. You don't forget to stick them as is on the door frame. Maybe whatever you do. What does that mean? This means door frame. Yes. Or door frame. It means bubble my season with the reason. By the way, before you, you know, a jet on out of here, you should know that I got your package of tickets. Oh, you got the Marlon stuff. Yeah. When Dominopra. Chris did it. Chris has his value. Despite what these people said. I never, I never not Chris. No, but he did it. He's a fan and certainly I never knocked him. He kisses my ass. Big time. And if paid off, because that's what he done to. Isn't it that in certainly? Yeah. Whatever. So what should I do with them? What should you do with my tickets? Yeah. You know, I'm in my PO box. I. Or is that sound? Okay. Because otherwise, if you lead him lay it around, then you're coming on Monday, or G, and he goes, Marlon tickets are all, you know, like that. Or somebody will wipe off through them and pick up. And cherry pick it and take all the good games. I'm going to say gosh darn. Yeah. By the way, sketchy, you know, he, he or them and the band, whatever sketchy, you know, that group, their local group. No. Well, he wanted to be a friend on here. And I turned it down because there's no, it's just a picture in a long clock. You know, and there's a nice name. Let me, you know, it's a group. It's a band. He's got a few friends. 269 friends to be exact. And there's some of them might even be like real people. So whatever he looks here comes the gal to. Cherry pick. Get away from my tickets, you maniac. Get away from the car, mother's scratcher. He's cherry-spicking. Yeah, it's cherry. It's cherry-spicking my Marlin tickets. You maniac. No, you're going to have to ask very nicely. You're going to have to be quest for spray. And if they're not wanted by somebody else today, you want to, you can have today's. Now, let me ask you about those seats, Miguel. Cause you're the expert. Where are those really good seats? He doesn't know. He doesn't know. He used them. Why what do you mean? You're laughing. You've used them. I have you. And they're great seats. See, there you go. They're where? They're 13 rows up. They're awesome. I'm one of the first space sign. This is on the first space. Yes. Oh, that's good. That's what I like on the first space sign. 13 rows up. What's enough to lay? There you go. You can have the ones for today. They're in my hands. And the change for that just keep a close watch on that. My space project here is okay. What I'm away. You got it. And don't mess with it. Don't be patch care while I'm my good friends. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. Anyway, I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. I'm not going to be a good friend. This surprise is up my sleeve too because you know that a lot of pressure on me to fill in for you. I know that. And don't be surprised. I wouldn't plan for the whole hour just quite yet because don't surprise like if you're not doing a really sensational hour like about 20 after one of Joe comes once and and it, well, a good buddy. We've got that tape in there that Chris has got all the time. I don't have to come in if not for that. It's not for one. That one a clock hour. If they were going to play some tapes, you should have told me that's day home today. I didn't ask you to come in for the whole show. I said that I'm going to do coming at what a clock I mean. Well, what would be wrong with that? Because I want my day. I'm going to take a day off somewhere sometime. I want the whole day. So I'm going to come in for the whole day so I can take a whole day. You can take a whole day any time you want. All right. See you. I'll move into the day. Now one thing I got to be careful about not doing here is because the last time we did this one, I split a one a clock. I think I left you hanging. Because I'm used to back timing up to the end of the show to two a clock. And so I did this thing. I don't know what that. Whatever the hell I did, what was not right. It wasn't good. Some of it tried to do better today. Or I could just play. I could do the break now and leave you like next to your four minutes, but that would be bad. Let's go back over that pool here one more time. 933. You can already tell my voice. I got my shoes on. My pantaloonies. My shirt. I'm fully dressed. I'm ready to go. I'm ready to hit the road. 933 votes, boy, oh boy, if piece of cake, we'll have about 950 or close to about the top of the hour. You could lay on a floor in there and play some of that horrible music that you're known for playing and still get a thousand votes. Am I right, Chris? Correct. We set you up real good. We handed it over to you in really good shape. It's like those relay races, you know? And they hand you the baton and they've been running like a bad adult. Now it's up to you. You're grabbing the baton. All right. It's not squeeze a two tight. The first thing I noticed about a person I'm attracted to is their blank. That's good poll today. Now who'd that come from? Charlie B. Thank you, Charlie. It's about time. Now Charlie's okay. I just like ripping them nice because he deserves the crazy two obsessed with me. Okay. Let's have some polls. For example, this poll here today is not about Neil. Thank you, Charlie. It's about freaking time. When Neil Farts does a tell you what he had for breakfast is that and I didn't have any bacon this morning either. I'm pretty peered about that. What I needed to do was, and I could have done it. I could have gone out eight o'clock and gone to the market and got me some my nukeble bacon I didn't do it. Anyone know why? Why? Because I'm going to eat like a pig on a plane. I'm adding. Not good, but I just keep bringing the food. I keep bringing more and more. Kevin crew take your seats. I just I love that. Kevin crew. The first thing I noticed about a person I'm attracted to is their face to 99. Breasts 185. But 122. Eyes 93. Smile 39. I hate this pool only 31 and mere 3.3%. Here 28, legs 27, body shade 21, teeth 16, bulbs 15, feet 13, clothes 13. Their hips 10, height 5. Shoes 5. It's good thing they don't look at my shoes. They don't see them. They'll see them. You get off set about that. Who what? No, come on. We're any socks. Hands 4, abs 4, shoulders 2, arms 2 and that. Whoever voted for jury, we're back in the beginning. Must have been yesterday. When I put the pool on it, thank goodness for you. Because otherwise, jury will only. Jolly will be all alone. And that would be bad. So it's got one vote. Hold on, I'm just I'm just thinking about whether I want to do the break now. I mean, what difference does it make? I don't want to pretend like I'm on a way out of here or something like that. That would be really bad. You are. Yeah, I am. Right, I got my one. When I said that, I got my shoes on. So I got one by no. I always Chris would have said on Wednesday or Josh or both of them. Hey, listen, don't be in such a big hurry just because we got the ball game. You know, go to lunch, have yourself a nice leisurely lunch, kill a couple hours, then you won't lose so much today. That would have been a great idea, Chris. Keep your voice through our time. For next time, I think it's on May the 2nd when we have a Marlon Game of One Clock, I want to keep that in mind. And say, hey, listen, you will Queen. Just go to lunch now. Like you're looking at the drop and we got it. If I could find it, well, I'll find it. Well, where he says, go to lunch, George. Go to lunch. All right. Will you go to lunch? I'm going to know you because later you go, you might actually have a couple bucks when you come back. Unlike like, I just read some sent notes today. I find it highly insulting as a Catholic, that you people could even quit such an advertisement in the paper. How dare you all be so insulted. It's a Christmas season and you represent an as a pro. You think it was a stupid, it was painful, and it's hidden in God. I wonder if this was something to do with his duty, and who's a duty of them, whether it's we could say well or fancied some edits. It's racist and so it couldn't be done. But the Catholic, who you picked around like this, you know, the logic is, and so how dare you be the people? It's on the apologies, and besides that, it's an error. No, it's all of us. Wow, wow, wait a second, man. What do you think is he just going to look like this year? Whoa. But I'm doing well. Teaching me to see me after school. Oh, wow. I think of all the education that I miss. But then I won't work with them at once like this. Go. Got it bad. Got it bad. Got it bad. I'm on the season. Yes, I am. I've got it bad. Don't be bad. I'm on the season. Oh, look. Hey, I heard you missed this. Maybe I'm doing it in the gentleman. I brought my pencil. Thank you. Now you guys are machine. Get us some of the ride on! Oh, man, they can fly his sword. I don't feel sorry. Got it bad. Got it bad. Got it bad. I'm on the season. No, I'm on the season. I'm on the season. Oh, man. I'm on the season. Yes, it's all of us. Yeah, it's all of us. Got it bad. Bad. Bad. It's all of us. I'm on the season. Oh, that's correct. Yeah, it's all of us. Oh, man. I'm on the season. Oh, that's correct. Yeah, it's all of us. One, two, three. Five, six, three. Five, six, two, one. You're aint my hate starting at one o'clock. Oh, hate starting at 10, too. But, you know, what are you going to do with an hour? Except maybe place music. I could talk about the fun we had over at the, um, what's it even called now? I keep calling it the Hollywood Beatrice or the one right on the in the Hollywood part. I love that place I used to. What's a nice looking hotel? That's the kind of hotel that you would want to buy. Like right there right at the end, you go over the bridge, you see it right in front of you. It used to be pink. They got a mall down underneath. It's half empty. And by half, I mean, 90% empty. And thank God for, that's the reason I fired off that song. I rediscovered a whole bunch of music. I forgot about the whole Richard cheese collection that I had in there. And I don't think we played that when we were enjoying Richard cheese the first time around. But, that's all I had to do is listen to my, uh, Walkman. How many days were you there? We were there for three nights while the house got tented because, uh, I live in a house of filth. Oh, hi, honey. How you doing? Hope you feel better. Uh, the mold over there, the mold and mildew in the, uh, on the carpet in the hallway is really good. I think I did a number on her. She's got the asthma thing going and, and boy did it to a number. The five year old, you know, the elevator doors open on the five year old. What smells? What's that smell? And I said, that's the smell of our new home for the next three days. Um, and, you know, the weather was great, at least the weather was not that that helped me at all because I don't want to, I don't want the sun to see me anymore. Ever. What, what's the point? Who am I going to tan up for? For the wife? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And, and, you know, I'm, despite what some people might think, I'm very fair, complex. And not as fair as you are, Pinky. Yeah, well, you know, I'm, I'm Irish. Exactly. So I don't want the sun to see me. I break out, not just in, in freckles, but I get those red things anymore. I don't want the sun to see me. But you know what's funny about going to a tourist oriented hotel when you're a local hotel is the, the local people who work there. They know that you're a local because you're, you're milk white. You know, so, oh, you see people are from around here, aren't you? And I said, how can you tell? Because we're glowing. We're glowing white. We don't have a tan on. And you're not lobster red. And we're not lobster red. We don't have the, the tourist tan. We're not beat red. And, and another thing, why do I want to go to the beach and see all the pie want, can buy? What, what am I going to do with that image? What am I going to do with that knowledge? I'm going to, you know, follow them down the beach. Hey, baby, rub some lotion on you. Get in the little red around the shoulders over there. I got some 30 SPS block. Maybe you could have made some money on the side by massage. Yeah, yeah, yeah, right. When, and all the married guys know this, all the family guys know this because, because I asked you, I said, you know what's fun about a family vacation? Nothing. Nothing. So you knew the answer already. Most people wait for you to tell them. And I was like, no, I didn't know if you knew. Because everyone else is fun and comfort that's your responsibility that's your problem. And it wasn't fun because we had to unload all the food out of the house and everything else. And we had to board the puppies. We call over there the reason that we both, that hotel is because they said that they took pets. And then, oh, psych, we don't. So it wasn't fun. What's up with that? It's up, it was the whole audience of the thing. You know, they charge for everything. I know it's been a long time since I've been in a hotel kind of a situation. If you want to tell, that's a charge. They have an internet high speed internet access wireless internet access in all the rooms. Yeah, that's a charge. Four of charge. Right. Whatever you want, that's a charge. We feel very lucky because other people were complaining that the rooms were nasty. At least our room was very nasty. And so we had a good time. And I don't care about all the charges. Just give it to me. Don't make me wait for my umbrella. I'm cooking. I'm getting the tan. I don't want to have. I want to be chum bro. I mean, not the beach umbrella, but the pool side umbrella. You want an umbrella? That's charge. Fine. Here I am with, I got a lot of money. I knew that everybody was going to have their hand out. So I was ready for it. Just bring it to me, Haitian. Bring it to me. The Haitians will make him this. The Mexicans. The Haitians just killed and eat the Mexicans when they came over here. Didn't it used to be Mexicans over there? Everyone just have a hundred of them come in recently? Well, I know where they're working. And he was always talking about the Jamaican women with their imperial attitude. At least the Jamaicans. I tried to explain this to me all before. The Jamaicans fought the British off. Eventually they had their own slave revolt in Jamaica. And they fought the white man and won. And so if they have an attitude, at least they have an excuse for their attitude. What's your excuse, Haitian man, Haitian woman? Not wanting to see does for the breakfast buffet, even though I got a fistful of vouchers over here? Just give me the vouchers. I'm not going to give you the vouchers. Unless you can tell me that there's checkout day today. And if I can't get a table, we're not going to make our checkout time. So if you tell me that there's a table somewhere that you're going to clear off one of these tables that's all messy. Because half the tables are empty. But they got the other people's mess still on them. And then I'll give you my fistful of vouchers. Just give me the vouchers. Just give me the vouchers. Are you going to give me a table? Just give me the voucher. Have a nice day. You have complained to the desk. Do you think the fellow Rodriguez work in the desk? Do you think she cared? No. No. This is the way it's all going. It's just one place, but that's the way the world now isn't it? No service, no quality, no nothing. It's gone. It's a memory. I sound like one of these old parts. And my day, hey! That was just a few years ago. That wasn't even that long ago. Service gone. I suppose people are going to call up. I want you to stay at the wrong place. Hey, how am I supposed to know? The place where we stayed the one time that we had to do something similar. I forget whether it was tempting or something. We went over to the beach. There was a motel kind of a place. It was just fine. They had the really big, good joining rooms. We were able to put the kids in one room. Our selves in the other room is very important. They had a kitchen that's where you could take care of your own food situation. They didn't charge you for a cushion by the pool. But they closed it down. It's gone now. We did the online research. The whole we take pets thing was the deciding factor of that whole thing. And then, psych, we don't. Then, did you guys call the head of time and see if they took pets? Yeah, and they did. Exactly. That's awesome. That's what you get now. That's the way the world, especially down here in South Florida. We only know our own environment. I haven't been in a hotel anywhere else in a very long time. So maybe I don't know. In Orlando, it's a better situation because of the whole Disney world thing. As a matter of fact, I got a Disney credit card. Hey, thank you, Tony's. There's Tony's. You think I'm going to have time for that Greek salad now? Oh, well, that's too late. Tony's. Thank you very much. I'm 193rd in Northwest 7th. Second, wait, I don't even know where we are anymore. And I was only gone four days. It's 441. And 1903rd Street. Tony's. Great place. Got a surprise coming up after this next break. And I should probably spend a little moment setting it up because not a lot of people know who Allison and I guess this Hank talk about her on the air. Oh, of course. Our hearts collectively go out for Allison with the exception of the Beast and Robert Greeper who hate her. That's no lie, right? I don't know if they said that's the only thing I don't know. I don't know. I think everyone should feel sorry for Allison because she is the token female in this corner of the building and this glorified locker room sausage fest that we call a radio station over here. And she's just a peach. What do you want to say about it? She's a sweetheart. Very nice. She is. I mean, joke with her. You know, she's a she's got a good sense of humor, but she has, she has crippling shyness. So we're going to embarrass her on the air. What else would you do with someone who has crippling shyness? Shrinks from attention doesn't want their picture taken. Doesn't want to be talked about what do you do with a person like that? But drag them kicking and screaming onto the air and give them a lot of attention that they don't want. So if you do all the sudden that I got that I didn't want. If you want to see her brighten up, just start talking about gossip. So that's what I've already gossip. So that's what she was. She was not. So we have something to to chat about. Since I can't talk sports with her. Although hey, who took second place in the March night is full here in the radio station? Yeah, yeah. Their person there lives at me even still. I know nothing about college sports. I didn't even go by the numbers. I chose some upsets. And I took second place. How do you like that? And who took first? The Beast's wife. How? Eat that sport holes. Anyway, we're going to start embarrassing hours and right after this next break. One-12 on all investment radio 560 QA actors. But show. Who wasn't for suds there being a show. No show. No show. She works for a radio station. The gate sports for night and town. In a park of the building of the United by men. She's the only girl around. She has to take corners from a cold bird. Every afternoon around three. She has high to thank for a vacationers. You can hear in the LN screen. I listen. I go get me some candy. I listen. I want my M&M. I listen. This rat in fest and cram house. I listen. Where's my cheddar cheese? And why is it so stinking cold again? So cold. I ate this place. This place isn't this man. It's no matter what year. Where's my speaking Italian dressing? After they beg at my Italian dressing. How is it? Very no better location. How is it? Ain't no better location in this crowd. How is it? How is it? How is it? How is it? The rally mafia. How is it? Not direct. I still think he's a crowd. I'm not in my struggle to trust. I'm in my way of a wise family. And I have a fellow. I want my fellow. I want your. Interviews in the business has the stuff for the radio show. And we love you. We all love you dearly. Welcome to the glorified locker room that we call a radio station. Okay, you're dismissed. You can go back to that beer. You know, busy work. That they're having you do one-on-one interviews with all the producers. As if to what end? Nobody in this place knows anything about radio. There never was that first person who taught the other person how to, you know, learn a board, edit, tape, edit sound. Read these meters. These little meters. They think that they're here for decoration. These lights. These meters. They bounce around. It's just decoration. It's like when you're watching some sci-fi show and you know, they have the wall of blinking lights that mean nothing. That's what all the guys that work here think all that stuff for. Don't understand any one piece of equipment in here. And you're going to have a one-on-one with these people to what end. They show them a picture of a football player and then watch their crotch and see if the wrinkles, you know, leave their jeans and then they're hired. That's the hiring criteria here. That smell of pizza is driving me nuts and I don't want to eat any. You understand what a pig. When you're on vacation and you're eating out, eating out, you eat all the wrong things. I've got to say this about my experience over there at the, let's just call it the Hollywood Beach Resort because I guess the hotel that exists there now is a Ramaja. But in the under part of it, sort of the walkway behind it. They have, well, they have the O'Malley's, which is fine. That's the bar that's right by the pool over there. And that's a fine bar and restaurant. But here's a little unsung place kind of tucked away underneath the walkway right next to where they rent the bicycles is nuts with an N not a G. Nets and it's kind of a, not a whole lot of items on the menu but what they do they do right. And I had like some shrimp scamper or something. It was phenomenal. I mean, it was, it was great. And it's always the little touches that that clue you in on how much people care, how much the chef cares about something. They had, you know, the little Parmesan bread was really thin yet soft, but firm. And here's the best part. It was just, it was lightly sprinkled with, with the finest grated Parmesan cheese, like they grated it with a molecular grater. I was like, like fresh Parmesan was dusted. Yeah, yeah. And the bread just melted in your mouth and the Parmesan cheese just melted in your mouth. And the, and the pasta was actually fresh and I'll vent it like, you know, not like they had this pot of pasta that they make in the morning on Monday and then use it the whole for a little rest of the week. So it was really good and then the wife's food was good and the daughter had a burger. And it was good. So I just want to make a special mention to that place. It's worth the, the Valet charge. The Valet is were great. The Valet, well, I'm trying to find good things to say. The Valet is where we're right on the ball. Top notch. And maybe because I'm a tip and full. You know, I was even going above and beyond the normal Cuban tip level. Our chronic tipers. It's all about show. You understand when when you're hanging with the Cuban, you understand that they have to show how much money they have by making a very visible display of tipping and over tipping. In case you hadn't noticed. No, I haven't. I won't even be on that. You know, I just, I walked in waving. I, I fan my money out like it was some fan like a Japanese fan or something. Wait, that I was like, did you ever tip or serve me? Did I want? Make a rain? No, I didn't rain until afterwards. What is that? I'm going to get that's the new thing where you know, you start your money up in the air? Oh, no, I didn't do that. But I say what if it had gotten the Haitian guy to bring me my umbrella faster? I would have made a, a freaking downpour. I would have rained all over his ass. Just please, God, bring me the umbrella. A blistering right now right before your eyes. You can see my skin blistering. Look, Miguel, I'm tanner than you've ever seen me in my life. That's, that's the best tangy level. See on me right now. The incidental tan. The accidental tan. Just a little bit of sun that caught me running between shaded areas. All for the whole last week. QAM hello. Yeah, you are. QAM hello. Hello. Georgie. Sal. What's up, buddy? You tell me. There you could have stayed at my house, I was in there for a couple of days. I was your wife. Ah. She goes where I go. I see. Unfortunately, so does mine. Yeah, I know. It's like an invisible rope in chain. It's not invisible at all. You know, we remember those two Haitian people, because they're my people. They're one of those show up at your next garage. Yeah. Where does the attitude come from? Yeah. That's the claim to fame. Yeah, I know. You would think that we all the people said, well, we're about to keep it. Well, the queue was took over the community. What? You know, does that not earn you an attitude? Maybe maybe not, but nevertheless, it can't fit. There isn't a politician that can get elected in day county without a Z on the under their name. So, there you go. There's a, you know, an attitude excuse. And then they have the same attitude when they go to the garage sales. Really? Well, you're right. I talked about that. You didn't have Haitian ninjas sell out of the sky and we're picking through these fine Shred going give you a quarter. I give you a quarter. This is a van using Shred still in the wrapper for five dollars for price. Say, give me a quarter. I give you a quarter. She's by the same one that was taken care of. Maybe the voucher lady. Okay, a quarter for the voucher. Well, they're your next country comes to your office. No, you don't have a voucher. You can't get the shirt. Maybe. All right. Take it easy. Q AM hello. Yeah, it's line nine. Did you know it's not what line was it we were just listening to? Was it one? Yes, it was. Line one came on before I was gone. We were right here. I came up like in the middle of the show. Oh, did it. I was going to come up. Listen, I smoke a lot of dope. What's your excuse? Well, I haven't had a bad memory. A contact tie. So, let's go through it. And we can talk next week since I'll be doing the show all next week. I know. Make your plan to find something else to do now. Well, assume that if you're listening and calling in, you know, that you like it. 300, if you haven't already seen it, see it now while it's still in theaters. Some of us have already pirated a high quality DVD copy of it. Why is everybody in the room smiling? Why is everybody in the room smiling? I thought I was the only pirate around here. I guess not. This is like the freaking mutiny on the bounty. This is the bounty over here. This is the jelly rager. This whole studio right now. This is a movie made to be seen in theaters. A lot of people don't like the theater experience. I like it as long as, you know, you get a good seat. People aren't yelling all around you. And the movie is something that's very visually enjoyable, visually compelling. This thing was made for me to be on the movie. It's moving art. Pure and simple. There isn't a scene in that movie that isn't just a pleasure to watch. I don't want to say I can't because I got accused of saying that a lot. And I think maybe her been to say it once in my life. Look, there's something for everyone. I know Miguel's talking about the torso. Oh yeah, while the wall torso is laid, torso is. But there's a runaway nipple or two or three. Correct. I counted three nipples. Anyone else? Anyone counted any more nipples? No, no, no one girl showed two nipples. And then there was the, um, I guess it's the oracle. Oh yeah. Women around and space thing. It was cool. Isn't that a fact that made me really wish I had some acid. Anyone? Anyone? I'll pay for the ticket to if you guys have a, you know, a gel tab. This is, this is the movie. If you've, if you've been saving your acid, since it hasn't been around for a long time, this is the movie to waste it on to spend it on it will be very well spent trip and acid during this movie. It's just a beautiful movie. And there's something for everyone. I know Miguel. It's not got lots of torsos. Listen, you need to look at it this way. Guys who are dating. I know. I ain't even going to go there. They want to go to a movie. There's always that conflict that chicks want to go see a chick flick. You know. And the guys want to go see something with a lot of bloodshed or action. This has something for everyone. You've got all these washboard torsos that the women are just going to be drooling over. And then those guys with those torsos proceed to start hacking up on people. Cutting off arms, legs, limbs sticking sore through necks and eyes and chest and it's all great stuff. Obviously, you know, this fart in the war a little bit more armor than that than no. A leather spido in a red cape. But nevertheless, this is about it. And obviously, Zerksis wasn't an eight for eight. Paul Gave. Well, he might have been gay. I don't know, but he's probably like an old beard guy. By the way, here's a little bit of trivia for the people who watch lost. A week ago, they had this little side story about these two people that were con artist and they wound up getting buried alive. The guy that winds up getting buried alive on lost was the guy that played Zerksis, the giant gay guy in 300. So it's Friday. A lot of people going out wondering what to do. Go see 300. Stand out for a while. It's been sending some records. Right. So I think like long on plot. It doesn't have a great huge giant plot. It's pretty much straight up. Persians are attacking. Spartans are defending. I ain't going to tell you who winds because look it up on Wikipedia. It's a matter of history. It's all fantastic. They got fantastic stuff going on. And fantasy creatures. And I don't think Zerksis was really eight feet tall. You know, you know, he was gay. I don't imagine that he was that gay because who was gay as they made that guy in the movie with his gold pay. And his long gold fingernails and whatnot. But it's just something to see. And if there's something else out there that's as good as that to see because the weak ends coming up. I would love to see something so that I can praise it or trash it for the whole next week. I'd like to know what that is. What Ninja Turtles. I don't know. I'm at a loss. Somebody think of that and then call when we come back. 127 on all-time killing radio 560 QAM. Friday. 520 QAM. 520 QAM. 520 QAM. 520 QAM. In a Catholic way. Serve as an altar boy every Sunday. After mass the priest would ask if I could say way. But as we do go on a little zone. Or if we had an egg we'd gone with deep dreams. If I didn't get down on my nose. And that nobody should ever know. That he showed me his holy role. All three boys with a wearer dress. Come sit and be more easy access. They reach up under their a given agrar. And like in best, when they're nuts and sex ads. The parents got mad and didn't when he got caught. At least until the Vatican paid them all off. They jumped about to Arizona to will retreat. To get forgiven by the Pope. So that's some taxes over here. 27-12-2560 QAM. In the magazine in your mailbox today or tomorrow. Best of Hollywood. There are some $50 off. I can't be $50. Maybe $5 off. Whatever. Look at the handwriting here, Chris. You know that it's not just me going blind. Yeah. Coupons for Nat Beach Cafe. That's the place that I was talking about. Also just know if I tried the Mexican Mamasitas says hard. Thanks, hard. We're going to hand ready. Nat Beach Cafe. And another thing I liked about Nat Beach Cafe is, and I don't know if the guy was, I don't know if it was Nat. But I don't know if he was the cook wearing an apron. But this dude wearing an apron kept coming out to see how everything was. Not the waitress who was, by the way, it kind of cute. And by kind I mean very. I kept coming out to see how everything was. And if they could do anything else for us, etc. How do you like that? How often does that happen? I mean heels of me talking about how service is just gone away. Where it's gone? I don't know. If you know where it is, call up and let us know so that we can go and enjoy that. And also got a factor from Wilson. The Haitians did, um, free themselves. And look how far they've come. To set the level to you. Actually, fought off the Spanish in the French in 1803 to form the first independent Caribbean Republic or is that Caribbean you choose? And the first Black Republic, one of Haiti's issues came from the fact that even into the 20th century, Haiti had to pay France 150 million francs now for to six billion US dollars in an endemnity to maintain their freedom. Well, if they were so tough, I didn't just say, hey, put that blood, Frenchman. I doesn't sound like, like, they achieved very much. I had to continuously pay ransom. I'm sorry. You know, I haven't with the exception of that yard sale, which I completely forgot about. And I wasn't the one that had to encounter the Haitians. I've always had a very positive opinion of the Haitians. And everyone that I talked to always said, oh, yeah, very hard working. Very hard working. Yeah, sure. Why not? I give everyone the benefit of the doubt. No more. Thanks to that last experience I had. QAM Hello. Hey. Hey. How you doing? How are you? I'm really good. I don't follow all the movies you see. I mean, I can only follow one guy here. You know, it's a station, which is me. Right. I don't know if you've seen this about. You see, Shooter? No. Oh, dude. Oh, hold. You just say, how do theaters are cable? It's on. It's on the theaters. Go. Okay. Shooter. You like Mark Walberg, Danny Glover. You know, Marky Mark, I keep talking about that. No, everyone lasted him when he was going to be going into movies. He's one of them. He has been a great actor and everything he's been in. Even if the movie's stunk, he showed up and took it seriously if no one else did. Do you like him, Vizcible? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, in the hearing place, it's a totally different character. But you know, very intense. He's a very intense actor. But I tell you, what if you give you remember the old Cali your concert? Oh, yeah. Watermelons, blow it. Sure. I tell you, Shooter, you're going to see his blow and up just like watermelons. All right. Well, then there's one for me to see this weekend. Hey, listen, what a quick question for you. Let's continue with people selling shrimp on the street. I make fun of that all the time. I call it road shrimp. Like, hey, let's buy some road shrimp. Like, you don't know where it's come from. How old it is. Shrimp off the back of a rusty pickup truck. I tell you, listen, how do I get off work tomorrow? Let me see. I go. I'll buy you shrimp off the streaming. Oh, you don't have to go. You don't have to go that far. I guess I'm at the supermarket leaving the sun. Okay, take it over to the Hollywood Beach resort and ask for an umbrella and your shrimp will never get it. A QAM hello. Hey, George. How are you? Hey, good. Uh, grind out. Oh, grind house is out already? Come back tonight. Okay, then that's what wins. I'll see that Sunday morning. We call that church instead of going to church like all the Getschies do. Especially now that it's good Friday. When the thank all the Catholics for continuing to fund the pedophile church, you must have loved pedophiles. Since you give them all your money, that's a great idea. Yeah, and then makes it a good Friday after all. And uh, what's going to be a good Friday come to a clock. Okay, parts park that Marky Marks fellow is he was good in, uh, buggy night. Okay, I didn't see that. I want to see that. Oh, it was awesome. Really? Get it. Okay. I'll steal it. I'll steal it. I don't feel like I stole 300 since I went to see it in the theater twice. And I took people with me in paid, so I feel very justified downloading my copy and, you know, burning your reference. Bad ladies, boobies, sounds around, like quite a bit. Yeah, they did. Jesus, oh, classic. We can have several. Q. I am hello. Yeah, you are. Q. I am hello. I'm smart. Yeah, no. Q. I am hello. Not like people say hello. Hey, um, I heard a long time ago you guys promote some weird out consider. You guys still give an away ticket to that on this radio station. Yeah, I'm not lying on anyone. Anyone, anyone, Chris, anyone know about us giving away tickets to the weird Al-Counsard on this radio station? Not that I heard. Sorry. Thanks, man. Which would help you. Go free load somewhere out. Q. I am hello. How are you doing? Hey, who has gone over this. And listen, you know, um, I remember the 6, 400 came out. They were hiking up there. They were going to shut up the IMAX. And we did it. Hey, we did it to the thank you. We're going to show you. It was a stop. Where are we now? Thank you for reminding me about that. I will check in the list and check in the list and check in the list and check in the list. I want to see that the IMAX. I heard the same thing. You did. Oh, and theaters and IMAX. I'm checking online. I'm looking at the paper. I want to go to the IMAX to see that thing. That would be great. And no. Nothing. Nothing. You're right. They were checking us around. Well, I'm going to, my video store now. So I'm going to anything you might think I should be watching. That, uh, very parted. Is it on on video already? Yeah, it's on on video. Okay. That's what Chris has. I didn't have a choice for you. The departed. Oh, I saw it. That's a Chris says. So if you don't like it, see my choice has come with a money back guarantee. Let me see. I know you hate Matt Damon, but uh, what about the good temper movies? I don't need Matt Damon. Oh, no. No. Okay. I thought you were. No, no problem with Matt Damon. Have you seen the temper bench? No. Okay. Okay. I guess I'll check it out. Thanks a lot. Have a good day. You too. Have a good day. I mean, the, um, the big big cable bill. You know, the one with everything. If it's a Comcast service, I got it. If it's a channel, they carry. I got it. I got, I'm, like, whatever the bill is as much as they can charge someone. That's me. So I feel like I need to wait for things to come out on cable. So that I'm getting my money's worth. Does that sound cheaper idiotic? Not sounds fine. Okay. I mean, if I do feel like I can't wait for something, then, uh, of course, I'll steal it like everyone else. Q, I am hello. Q, I am hello. You tell me. And the, the two things real quick. I'm using the fuck, I showed the one about the naggers. Are you kidding me? Go, first of all, here's something that, since we don't know each other, just understand this. I don't miss a South Park episode. And if I miss it on Wednesday, I'll catch it on Thursday. If I catch it on, and if I miss it on Thursday, I must have been killed. That was insane. Did you see the most reason one know this Wednesdays last night? No, no. Oh, hey, don't, don't declare that your favorite one yet. Don't say they'll say it, they'll say it, they'll say it. Dude, it's all about Catholics and the Easter Bunny and everything. And I thought we were going to die. I thought I was getting kicked in the stomach. The whole episode of my son. No, you can't. All right. Wednesday night, sorry. What? With the, yeah, with the jackrap with the rabbit. Yeah. Okay, I thought I saw the son. Okay. All right. You don't give it away. See, I don't want to say anything about it because it's all full of surprises. No, hey, Jordan, the second thing is, please keep mentioning, you finished the second place in the poll for this world. And I didn't even go by the numbers. You know, I know they must have been saying some kind of like, Oh, he just chose, he just chose the numbers. No, I didn't. I chose a couple of upsets in there. And I, and I always favor states that I have lived in or, or, you know, have property like I favored Florida and North Carolina. A lot of course I, I was wrong about North Carolina, like everyone else was. Yeah, right. But nevertheless, you know, I finished second. I chose Florida and Ohio and I was right. And I didn't just go by numbers either. So eat it. Yeah, I don't age your little fun because you're the second place and the best place. And the best place. And the best place. That's right. And Hank, like dedicated three weeks or a month, interviewing all these coaches. And you come in second place with my life's worth, I know. I watched half a one game, the whole thing. And that, and that was during the March Madness. I don't watch any games leading up to it. I don't know anything about these. All right, you're easy. I take it easy. And of course, stuff came in here. I just vote for the teams that have a lot of black guys on it. And say, I wouldn't know who that is. I wouldn't know what team that is. I would have to have watched a game at some point to begin to have a clue. Speaking of clue, say, 10 till 2 on 560 QIM. That was a nice team. Oh, John. Oh, John. Well, when he was alive back in 1489, he was a little guy who stood four foot five. Died around and faced him with a couple of kids. And he was in charge of the Vatican. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Both guys, John. He's seen the folk to freeze to get married back there and spread the money round to their offspring and kids. So the packer at the Vatican may marriage his sin and that most of the problem for his husband and him, both guys. The scaseless secret he didn't confess was that he was a pregnant girl under that dress back then they all dressed and dragged that healthy that he didn't cause a man he would bow down and he'd lose the game. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Both guys, John. One windy day is dressed blue up in the dust in someone else. Hey, that guy has no bucks. And like Marilyn Monroe is skirted, he load high. And every one knew it was the end of the lie and for both John. And barrisque worried the bank would go broke. The Vatican chimneys built down Holy smokes from history. Spins doctors had this erased not long after they had a baby. And out Holy smokes from history, Spins doctors had this erased not long after they had the secret replaced both John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, by his John. The Barry Hammer, her out of public view and a doom held together with Scott Tape and blue. These view words are written on his doom. We pray that everybody will forget about you. Hope John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, by his John. Oh, John. 12, 12, 25, 60 QA and you know, I'm thinking about playing another song. It's not too long. It's like three minutes, but it's a real song song, not a bit. Just because it's brand new and I want to get it out there before anybody else in this town plays it. Not that I feel a particular kind of rush because I don't think it's going to be. Because it doesn't fit into any kind of a format that anyone radio station represents in this town anymore. And that would be good music. It's very pop sound. They're going to make sure somebody like Y100 this sounds like something that Y100 will eventually play eventually. And I want to get it out there first so the people say, hey, George played that song a couple months ago. Like I did with a whole bunch of other stuff. I was playing Nelly for Tato before anybody ever heard her. Because she was on that movie soundtrack. And it's it's very weekend oriented. So I think I just might need to kill three minutes almost as if it were game day because it's just, you know, I hate killing these last hours of the show. You can't get anything going on. I want to start talking about any of the material that I had written down. Waiting for next week. You follow what I'm saying. What am I going to do? Get a conversation going. Oh, and then I go. And then I'm going to bring that stuff back up again. Like I've got the the finale of George's possum adventure. And I was wondering. I want to. I have to deal with with what now. If the tinting had to deal with the tint the tempting. Intending. Not have anything to do with the possum that is no longer a problem. But I don't want to get away from that. I've also got the secret about the secret. Have you been watching the commercials and the doc. You've seen people walking around with the book and the DVD that they can't keep and stock no matter how many of them the order they order the videos were. The secret, you know, the secret. How to get everything you want. No, I haven't heard about that. You haven't. Just, just didn't. And I'm not going to go all deep into it right now. But the premise of the secret that you can have anything you want just by deciding and thinking about it. Just by deciding that you're going to get it and thinking about it all the time. Now, everybody that heard me say that right now is the secret. You know, doing that BS cough thing because all the men right now are saying, well, I think about pie all the time. I think about having sex while I'm having sex. I'm thinking about having sex with somebody else while I'm having sex with this one over here. And I'm not. You, you follow like I know that Chris and the other room is thinking about getting laid pretty much continuously. And there's a big difference between how much he's thinking about and how much he's actually doing. It's probably a very big difference. So I'm going to bust open the secret and I'll tell you the secret about the secret all next week. See, saw it? Well, we got the, they're, the wife got the DVD or something at the library, which makes me feel really good that we didn't spend any money to see this thing because I'm thinking just tiny. Don't spend any money on this. I'll go steal it if you really that curious about yet another hokey. How does language more hovin' for her? I don't know. I don't know, but you know, I'm on demand the, the five-year-old discovered on demand because she, she just took over the on demand living room TV, watches, Ubii and Pinky Pinky, Pinky Do and all this stuff. She discovered that they have all these language shows for kids. So right now she knows way more Portuguese, Hebrew and sign language than I will ever, ever know. Because those are the shows that they have over there. She's watching the Hebrew and I'm like Hebrew and then everybody got, and people are people listening right now. What's wrong with you? Nothing. Nothing. Just how often do you encounter it? They should have Haitian on there. Maybe then I could have gotten an umbrella and a seat at the breakfast buffet. If I had been able to speak, is it Creole? But they speak, is it Patwa? What is it? I don't know. We're going to have to explore the whole Haitian thing a little bit more next week. Because I didn't know that they were holes. I gave them all the benefit of the doubt. Strangers, people that you never encountered before. This is the Montana way. The way that they were with me. What's a Cuban? I don't know, but this is here I am. I'm right here in front. Whatever. You're okay with us until you give us a reason not to be. Well, they gave me lots of reasons. So I think how long is this next break? 426. 426. Well, I think I'll close the show with that song. But I have to take the break. Right now. In other words, love our haters and even the groups, a lot of people write this down. The song is called Party. I know that we're an opportunity and a lot of people remember. The group is love our cave. If anybody is or this already, then you must be read the same magazine. Anyway, have a great weekend. We're going to work out of you. We can come and say that it's not as if you want to. We're thinking. But you gotta get up and you gotta get up and call somebody. Why? Because you're so mistaken. Oh, we should not do it anymore. Hey, if you forget that, people leave it about you, maybe. Who knows what's next? We're going to work out of you. We're going to work out of you. We're going to work out of you. Party. Party. Party. Party. Party. Party. Party. Party. Party. Party. Party. Party. Party. Party. Party. Party. Party. Party. Party. Party. Party. Party. Party. Party. Party. Party. Party. Party. We were doing the best, right now. We worked that, right? To theDDBI BESSE. Silence. Most ways we're going to take bathed grades. Party! Party. Party. I'm starting in your own way And party, party, party, party It's party, party, and it's trying not to It's party, dance, party, party, party I'm starting in your own way And party, dance, it's trying not to It's trying not to get party I'm starting in your own way And party, party, party It's reminding you But if we lose more Till my master makes a POW If we're willing to go back And if we do what we want We can go back Time, party, dance, it's giving you What a toast to entertain! It's Neil Rogers midday! I thought I was too free of my system! Didn't you keep it in? My enemy is 4th Lodder Day!