By the, you well stood this was his birthday b Absa come down Live 5 or 6 of income the for r a But be I need you to shift your game. Now the order of hey Barney and both eminence is great. I've delivered this pronouncement upon the blessed day. Ah sure a little bit half-ravin' foul and nestled in the sea. Oh, but she gone straight to help her home as a shoe-out. Love you. Oh come, l'm see I wish as long as men are men. It's a constant of a car. We've never been short of the bad, be steams and grunk and hurling, terms the love in all the way. But you can't be a you shift your game. Go to pants, be a you shift your game. Go on, jeep and try a you game. You shift your game. Get it, get it, get it. Game of ec is they see me trying to say. No, too, how about you pardon? What are you trying to say with them? I don't know. What are they trying to say? You can't be any same paddies they've created for you. Some screaming, flaming fact. That's what I'm trying to tell you. Just as Timmy hardaway, he'll tell you, Timmy, good old Timmy. I hate gay people. He wore a jox graph old Timmy, you know. This is the jox graph station, baby. I was trying to print out a thing that very jackass wrote this morning about how QA was been very intensive discussions to try to get the Dalton Broadcast back. And of course the ticket is still trying to hang on their squeeze. Well, it's what they do. And Mr. Rotts is very mad. It says he wants to be back on the broadcast if we get the games. Oh, right. Nothing. There's nothing really. I don't think Jim is certainly right to write it over the column for the Sun Sentinel anymore. If you Google Jim is certainly on the Sun Cell website, this is what? Who? Yeah. And then you tell him, well, I want to find out what he wrote and he'll say. What? He'll pop in anybody. Want to know what that old told wrote. But in any way. It's a Friday. Nothing wrong with that. March 16. We survived the eyes of March yesterday. Nothing really special happened. Nobody got nice, I guess. Nobody. Nobody. I don't stand standing in the back. Probably somebody did somewhere. But a lot of that stuff going on. It's going to go on on. You hear the drilling? Yeah, I do hear that. I was just going to ask you what's all that racket. By, I don't know what they're going to ask. I thought it was college. Oops. We got tennis going on. Maybe we got a real racket at QAM, which of course that's what I got. A real racket. Anyway, here's the pull from yesterday. Why? I'll tell you. Charlie B. Oh, first I got to tell Chris. There had me 30th birthday, Chris. Somebody on the, uh, my space wanted me to wish. It's not the Chris you know or I know, but it's. And also they want me to say, hey Chris, you're fair. Like that. See how I applied. We have probably over the 68 friends in my space. I have a little advice by the way about my space a little bit. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Well, it all depends on what you're doing on there. If you're just doing around that's fine. If you're looking to like meet somebody to make a friend or an acquaintance or like get later, something like that. If the other person on there is evasive and doesn't want to give you very much information or even the town that they live in or much less like a last name or a phone number, or something like that. I would just take it with a green assault and probably like delete them immediately. And if they don't want to, that's just my suggestion. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? Because they're just a too many eight. It's an anonymous thing. It's anonymous. Makes people are forthcoming. They want to give you like a real name and this and that. That's anyway Charlie B. He was very apologetic. Yeah. This is a good poll somebody said. And this is great. But what do you apologize in Charlie? So some of your polls suck. That's okay. A lot of our polls suck too. We're getting paid to do this stuff. So this goes the one yesterday was week. I mean, we did want to end up with the whole bunch of votes. How many? Like let's see. 1400. All right. Today's polls are terrible too. According to the audience, I think today's polls fine. And yet I hate this poll. As when the hands down your pants is not even close away out in front of all the rest. I hate this poll. Because South Florida is just full of hate. And you know what? I understand. If you're trapped in a outdoor accepted thing and outdoor is cesspool like South Florida. Actually, you're probably going to be a little more hostile than the run of the middle Schmuck run and run on loose. This is a good poll somebody said. And this one might be good for a froth for a what what day is it for over the weekend Saturday. Well, well, what's the only thing that this other one is going to stay up all the way over the weekend? See, I've got to hit myself on these now. I realize the one that's on there right now is the Friday poll that stays up through the weekend. I might change this on. I don't know. Sooner. Sooner after than later. When Neil show ends early because of Marlon's baseball eye, listen to every second of the baseball broadcast. Smash my radio with a hammer, sit in a dark room and pout. Take a nap because it means they've zusted after Neil show anyway. Take my vest and Neil CDs. Switch to the sports hole stage across the street. Work on my fantasy league roster. Pray that the Marlon's bias low painful death. Listen to Rushless, and imagine if it was in the power. Turn off my radio until it's time for Neil's next show or read the Bible. There you go. Pray for us to come back when Ed Marlon game comes on, man. Oh, you know what I haven't gotten any assistant son because I'm trying to get some Chicago tourist information here for a friend of mine. And who's making this first trip? I haven't been there in about 400 years. I love Chicago. It's a great city. But the pizza, I asked this the other day and the pizza thing. I'm not getting any, I mean, you can go online and I've done that. And you can read all those reviews. You know, here from like a living and breathing person. Maybe a facts would be good. Okay. It will get some calls. I, you know, I don't know. Because the list that I've got, Lumel not ease, which has been there for like five generations, I guess. Jordanos, which is, Jordanos is great, but I'm told that the lines are like around a block all the time. I get an entrant. Geno's east. Pizza, we know, oh, which everybody rates real high, but I'm told that pizza will be a do way, which is the same moment and rock cross speed is much better. And Chicago pizza and oven grater. Remember we had to call about that the other day. I guess it's like pizza in a bowl. Pizza in a bowl. Hmm. So that's the list I've got so far. Maybe we'll get some advice on it from some people who maybe from Chicago or whatever. You know, well, you, all the most of the Midwest people around the West Coast are Florida. We've obviously got a few out there, but nevertheless. Oh, today is the right day. Today is Friday. Right. I want to double check before I read this. Today is Friday. BSO deputies will conduct the U.S. and patrols tonight. A 30 p.m. until 5.30 in our morning in areas of dear field beach, Pompano Beach. It opened part. Rock solid. No, I was going to go out there. In Pair drivers will be identified in D.Y. laws will be actively enforced. That's tonight from 8.30. It'll 5.30 in our morning. If you're going to be driving around plaster, drunk off your ass or just have a big fat with an anastrate. Not a good idea to be doing that in dear field beach, Pompano Beach or open park tonight. It'll 5.30 in more. 5.30 morning, come out and just have a wild blast. Here's the pull results from yesterday. Come to the Q&A and hello. Hello. Good morning. I'm pressure. I'm down here for eight years. Rosadesis is a real good. Incrup. Rosadesis. Rosadesis is good at the franchise with the income. And then you'll win your reach a call. I'll come to see if I can set their field now. Home run in beach is very good too. What is it? Home run in beach. Home run in. Yeah. Okay. I'll run right in. Thanks a lot. There you go. That's why I punched that up. Who was like, uh huh? You knew that. All of a sudden. We weren't at a comiskey park. We were at really feel. But nevertheless, since once on the south side. But nevertheless, home run in and Rosadesis. Sounds real small. It sounds good. Too bad I can't eat no pizza. You know. I can't. I can't. Probably the pizza thief would come in and steal it. I'm going to leave. Here's the pull from yesterday. I don't know. It's apologizing for her. Of course, he's got plenty to afford. Yeah, listen. Whatever. But it works as fever. It's like a half a dozen polls almost every day. Don't be apologizing for nothing Charlie. That's right. What I mean? We don't look a poll horse in the mouth. That's for sure. And, interestingly, I don't know. And we got a bunch of blanks to fill in. I know the answers to all of these. 970, 69.2% great Americans who know their crap. We think they do. I hate this poll. 153 10.9%. And, interestingly, I don't know the words to the stars. The stars fangled ban are 102. How is they? Can you see? He still don't have Jose Felicia. No, no, no. Well, why not? Not out there. What do you mean not that one? What do you mean? You can find that one. You have like my friends and have your dad and like my fire. Felicia, have your dad and your dad? Yeah. Well, I hope they let him go after cool the mom a little. But you got like my fire? I got like my fire. I'm not talking about by the door. Was anybody in play the door? So, there we go. There we go. So good. Jose Felicia. You're happy. And this is still alive. I think we're hands together folks in prayer. He's got a beautiful wife. Does he really? Have you seen her? No, he hasn't even. I know that's exactly what we're going to do. You are so bad. It's such a tasteless little spig man. I think I don't think there's any doubt you're going to burn in hell. They're going to roast you and tow the wood so whatever. And have you for lunch? You know that it would be untrue. It would be untrue. You know that I would be so pretty. So pretty. So pretty. I know that was the door. It was a wire. It was a wire. It was a wire. Okay, that's enough. Emberishing that I don't think it's necessarily 74. Those people ought to be deported immediately. Probably some of your folks, you know. They've been animal crowd. Are you kidding me? Hey, let's play banana boat. Listen, I am American dark. I know. I don't want to hear it. Just to pick it. I was just in joke. It was ever used stopping. So defensive Jesus Christ. With all your bigoted swill. Well, and interestingly, I don't know where Iraq is at. I'm at 37. And I'll see if most of these people would be honest. They couldn't find Iraqi. You could stuck an oozy way inside. That's right. Iraq, my ass. That's what they would say. And probably that might be there too. The way things are going over there. Their ass is probably a better shape than Iraq. I'm versing it on with the answers to any of these 16. Four nations capitalist named for 13. I'm sure it's H.B. Keltonborn. Who was present before W.9? That's the pleasantly just nine. How many states there are in you? You can't see it. Six. What size fought in the Civil War for? What are your American Accuracy Independence for? How many stars are on the flag? Three. Fourteen embevolts on yesterday's Incipit idiotic QAM poll. That's one Friday you bested. That's absolutely. That's absolutely. I really miss my time. I better start that over again. Okay. I got this liner to read. During the QM Street team, the name for movie 2 with the Verizon Wireless Store. A hundred-suffice can blow of art in downtown Miami. Stuff like it when prizes can get all the grants from the heat dancers. They'll sign a party in a autograph too. They'll write right on. Just extend the hand of the hand of princess. They'll flag the hand of friendship and they'll sign. They'll say, where do I decide anything on it? And they'll write it over here. We've got a camera so you can watch them on your TV. She's not a girl but you're not a woman so can't get them through and breathe. Oh. You'll think she's not that smart. You're not a bad spot. You're not even stay up all down. She will always be her dress. She'll even need the dress. I'm so grateful around. She just came on to stand. I'm just staying up on small handy hair. Maybe the kids show on TV. They're alive. They're alive. They're never getting hurt. You keep going mind. You keep on spreading. They're coming. They're coming. They're coming. They're coming. They're coming. What a nauseating thought that is. Since 17 and 5, 60 WDQM has fact they're either rather now becoming a nauseating thought. Maybe she's trying to catch up with him. Yes. Once upon a time she was considered so desirable and so luxurious and delicious and now fair. They're lying. Anyway, and you know this thing that I'm asking it seems like a fairly simple question. I'm sure we've got a lot of Chicago people out there and people have spent a lot of time in the city. But I'm not just looking to have a list of names of places you can do better than the yellow pages. Just open up to the pizza and the yellow pages. I'm trying to find out which other really, maybe three or four really absolute best by test. Because I think, I said yes, it's the last time I was there was a that club's thing that we did, you know. You say there for about 10 minutes and they say you're asked back. Right. Well, they were pretty much actually having a good time. They were not good at that. No. 716 most times of the days pool. I guess we got a thousand made. I was a little worried about it because they despise this pool today. They hated poison. I don't know why I'm saying there's anything wrong with it. Maybe it just doesn't have enough stomach spursions on it. I think it's fine. Just fine. The dumbest expression that people say is, and I hate this pool is winning 164. Twenty-three percent of the audience hates this pool today. Well, I've talked about it. One thing we go to for to get the early bird. We get the surly bird on this show. WDQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Star-Syron, Chicago. Magic Dick on the lick and stick. Okay. Moving along. Sound another 16 votes. The VMS expression. I hate this pool. Twenty-three percent. One sixty-four. Two shakes of the lamb's tail. One-on-one. A pig in a poke. 79. I voted for two shakes of the lamb's tail. So did you again. I hate that. I say it all the time. That's why I hated like this. A pig in a poke. 79. Yeah. Poked this. How about pork salad? Any. I hate that. Reminds me of that. Pofokes. You know? It's that whole illiterate kind of southern deep south. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I'm not sure if it's a mentality. I'll come back now. Like that. I hate that. Never stole a freight train, sixty-four. Look at these splits, sixty-one. In a Cooenzege, fifty-eight. Now does that have kind of like racist over-tolder or something or what? I don't know. A feather in your cat, twenty-five. Well, no, I mean, what does that mean in a Cooenzege? How will the rat Cooenze live through? I don't know about this one. I don't know about this one. I think they don't have a dumb expression forty. Right. Why is that even on there? That is a door nail forty. Dumb as dirt, twenty, as the crow flies sixteen. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. The crow he flew right out the door, the crow. Five, six, seven. Oh, eight, five, six. Oh, God. Uh, right in my whistle, fourteen. Or everybody wants to wet their whistle. A whistle. A whistle. And a hopsciffin' a jump has got twelve. About a seven and twenty-three. Chris, I think you can rest easy. I think we will make the thousand, although not, you know, that can be another one of those record breaking days like Monday. QAM Hello. Two AAM. Yes, sir. Wonderful proof. Oh, God. W. Q. W. M. Hello. Q. A. M. A. Yeah. How are you doing? I'm doing. I got one for your poll. How about Dick Bush and Cheney for President. Oh, four. That's pretty dumb expression. Wow. Do you ever just want to like put your head in your hands and cry? Yeah. I was just blowing my nose around her. No, good. That's probably much, much more entertaining. So, honestly, how is that? I mean, did they let you out on Friday's only? Or what is it? They've sneaked and teleported into one of the doors. Yeah. They had a phone call. They had phones and the who's going on. Yeah. W. Q. A. M. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. For the poll. Good to go. Good to go, yeah. How about hot day? Oh, yeah. I hate go. Okay. Good. Thank you. You hated. He hates it. Good to go. I'll say that one on it. All right. I think that's why they hate the poll. We just don't have enough stupid expressions on there. How about back in the day? Okay. A lot of them both on there. I put them both on there because I think they're both like kind of contemporaneous if you ask me whatever the hell that means. Back in the day. We're good to go. Yeah. Back in the day, everybody was good to go. Not no mole. W. Q. A. M. Hello. Good. Good morning, you know. Yes, sir. What is the answer? What is the answer? One for your poll. If you want to put on or really care about it. Or how about the expression that you were in my shoes? If you were in my shoes, yeah. Yeah. Like, do you and my shoes would be pretty damn busy in here. I'll tell you that. Because it's hell. Hey, have a good one. It's rainy tail here in Florida. It's not raining. It's murky and, you know, it's going to snow later this afternoon again. I guess this is going to be the last advice. Because I know this is predicting for next week. One day 63 and another day 65 to which I say, All right. What's wrong with that? Because most of the temperature warm up in the machines of woodbind warm up to anybody buying that. Anybody believe it? No, including me. No chance. W. Q. A. M. Hello. Just that. For the last. For the last. Yes? No. W. Q. A. M. Hello. How about why do you continue to hate? What is this? Reverend Jones. Oh, isn't it? Fine. Now listen. Give me a little bit of credit. W. Q. A. M. Hello. Hey, no. I don't want for you, Paul. Yeah. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? Yeah. I do. I say that all the time. You know what I mean? We all say that it's time it stopped. Yeah. Let's stop saying that right now. Stop saying you know what I mean? Huh? Huh? Huh? You know what I mean? Huh? Yeah. That's all the stupid expression, huh? He said 1309 votes on the pool. Leopard con speed trapped nest Florida drivers. There's some goodness stuff. Some people send in this morning already. Which is good. I don't want to read a bunch of boring news stories about how the world is coming to wind and chicken little is running around going bananas. W. Q. A. M. Hello. Yes? I got one for you. Yeah. Let's make it snappy. Get out of here. Make it snappy snappy. That's pretty dumb. Who the hell? Anybody say that? Put it on the sample. Put it on the mall on there. Let's put five. Then at least it'll bring the percentage of I hit this pull down under 20%. Me right now it's 22.7% which is really bad. That makes you feel really bad on this unclean. You know, like I want to go take another shower with my body wash. In the fact that there are still people using soap in the shower that is so aggravating to me. It just makes me want to just squat and do any normal number run in the carpet here. That would be too happy. But I just want to do stuff like that. What is wrong with people? You know? When there's so much, it's not like it's expensive to buy body wash. You know, you can buy a bottle of body wash for a couple of bucks. But it's not like real expensive. You know plus, you know. I mean, why am I defending? Why do I have to give these people instructions on life? How to get out of bed in the morning? Yeah, yeah, inhale. You know, exhale. Yeah. Go to the bathroom. Hopefully. You know, breathe real heavy or like can pillow Riley bill. Maybe bill and Mark Folligan and what heavy breathing contest that would be entertaining. WCWM. Hello. How about what you've got or your off the chain? WCWM. WCWM. You got to go for your whole what about God willing. The good Lord willing. That's right. Okay. I like to want to go. Oh God. And believe me, he is. If what you got is good, he's willing. Believe me. As I've all been to do days, get stupid expressions for the poll. Yeah. I mean, after I care, that's fine with me. We can do it all the way up to two o'clock. Is this poll is going to be on our all weekend long? Over now, it's 22.6% hate the poll. A festival of hate. That's life in South Florida. And over 31 years plus plus 15 days now. At every day, I can smell it, man. You can smell the hate in the air. And I just ask myself, what are you? Is it all about why? Why? Why is there so much? Why are these people so filled with nausea and disgust and just hate with and content for anything and everybody else? Anything that's breathing, anything that's even the blades of grass. They like a lot of other way to step on. Not just step on the grasses they're walking, but like crunch it in with a shoe. You know, like you're putting out a cigarette? Yeah. And how people do that? Squash it and squash it and like dig it into the grass. Just, ah, get it, get it! That's what they want. Of course, who don't want to get it? WCW and hello. Deal. Yes, sir. At the end of the day. That's the end of the day. Oh, I hate that one. At the end of the day. Oh, I tune in. Oh, what? Yeah. Just thought of one. That I go ahead and stand on. You know what it means in your heart of the hearts. Oh, they really might bother walkers. Let's get just like these people. Let's start hating. I hate that. Like, what does that even mean? At the end of the day. Yeah. There's some radio person who, like, oh, you know who it is? Bill Tanner used to say, really? He would shoot all the shit with the bang. And I'd still get what? And he'd just say at the end of the day. I don't know. I guess that's when he was trying to explain to me, at least the checks clear in his place. Even though this is back in the beginning. You know, I thought of like back in the days full of crap. Back in the day. And they were not good to go, you know? Seven, fifty on the pole. Well, Greg, we was never good to go. That's what I, that's what's screw-and-full me. 750 votes on the pole is an amazing. The tremendous turnover we've had. Since we had a regime change, you got no more screw-and, no more water not see, no more moe, how are you going to stay still around? She's going to work for power now. Who is screw-and? She made it come back in. I'm just saying all of all of Greg's buddies. She's overpower because he's over there now. That's right. She's over in the side of building to be close to Greg. So all of these people of Venice kind of like most of the audience too. She's not cry, but you wear still. My hands are shaking and he's a weak. I have to walk to work on my own to see. If she purchased a call, don't drop because my car. I can't feel up on her room. On, yay, yay. Oh, please don't ask me once. Oh, my mind just prasses our open calls to 29. There's no more jar of ice, no more money. I'm just saying all of that, we open gas and stare at it. Cross the land we should all buy cut. This higher price and until they make it stop. Oh, this makes me just want to throw up because my car. I can't feel up on her room. On, yay, yay. Oh, on, yay, yay. Okay, 1033 and 560 WDQ and don't forget join the QM Street team today. In fact, pretty soon the whole staff is going to be the street team. If things keep going the way that they are under Jolly Joe, huh? Yeah, we're all going to be out of the street. At least you are anyway. I'll be here in the comfy handfines of my nice Toronto apartment. No, no, no, no, no, no, the QM Street team will be at the Verizon Wireless store. A hundred South American Boulevard downtown Miami. Stop by the win prizes, which you can only begin to imagine what those might be in. Get out of the restaurant and eat dancers just extend the Atlanta hand apprenticeship and they'll sign for it. So Brandon says, who's under the weather day, feel better, taking a couple of BC powders. Man is that what you do in the South when you don't feel anywhere else. He takes like an Alky Seltzer, right? Or an Alky Seltzer. Or an AC powder. An aspirin? Or I hate that. Anyway, he suggests the first time long time. Okay. See when you people call him say, first time long or first time collar long time listener. I don't know how you want to put it down, but even when seeing nobody cares. Nobody cares. It's not interesting. It's just, it's a no consequence to anybody. Just say something. That's what I look like. You know. But you'll see. WM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes. How's the weather up there in Canada? It's a toastie, man. It's about 30. Oh, yeah, I like that. I like nice and cold weather. Yeah. Or the Crapping Place to live. No, it's. Look at those to your brain, man. I know. I know. I'll pay everybody there, right? Listen, I got two for you. One on cloud. One is, I'm on cloud nine. Yeah, with that tentations, right? Right. And who farted? Who farted? Yeah. Uh huh. Okay, like you said, Florida's a terrible place to live. Look what will do the, I don't think. Sharp is a knife. No, I've had nobody. Sharp is a tack is what right. We'll say not. Sharp is that's what I say. And first time long time also a brand that says, kick it an old school. What? That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. Kick it an old school. See back at that post right in line with what were the other ones about good to go. Yeah. And whatever. Yeah, it's all part of the same link. Part of the same generation of goofballs, you know, who come up with this stuff? Well, back, oh, it's back in the days. Hey, every generation has been a stupid expression. What is it? Every generation has its does to do it. I'm not doubting that. I'm just telling you that this is the generation that kind of came up with this predictor of a group. Twenty two. Skidoo, Daddy O. Let's cut a rug. I think he's mad at you now. You know, something. There's an old expression. I think that sums it up really well. Where there's no sense there's no feeling. You know what I mean? There's no sense. But he didn't feel it. Yeah. But let's try it anyway. Oh, he got it. I doubt it. And he felt it. Okay. How are we doing on the numbers on there? And I'd pull us all week here about seven, oh, 89. See, seven, 69. Excuse me. Okay. Okay. Here it away. Valerie Plain, Mabelson is there. And Boa, but she's not about looking lady. Whenever she's all right, she could torture me. So if you go, she was, how does it to my own man? Am I right? She knows how to kill you. Like 25 different ways. Yeah. They see the out of CI operative. A lot of people have been outed. Okay. Speaking of that, let's get back to the left part. Oh, we can't. Look at the phones. They're just smoking now. Maybe they're smoking it. Friday. So they're smoking. WKM. Hello. Well, that one's good. QAM. Hello. Yeah. Yes. How about anything that Irvin? Jarvis. Anything that's Irvin? Or like drop it once it's hot? Any of that crap? Yeah. Craft is the word, man. I think he's talking about all that Irvin. Yeah. That's what he's trying to get at. WKM. Hello. Yeah. A needle is one if we forgot. And hopefully you're pulling. I don't know how we're going to do. Is that only one we forgot? Okay. Yeah. The expression I hear almost every day in that. Hold on to what you got to see. You get what you want. No, yeah. Hold on to what you all got. Who used to say that on the air? Who's the one who used to say that? Oh, you know, you used to say that, right? Mikey. Mike, we didn't really say that the end of the show. We didn't work on it. Hold on. Go on. Go on. Can you get when you all got it? As a score, right? 774 votes. Well, it wasn't that what they were trying to get. Hold on until they well. 774 votes. We'll get that 1,000 day by by hooker by crook. That's another stupid expression by hooker by crook. That's good. All right. We'll do it. We'll put it on there by crook. That's how we'll do it. Here's the line up today. We got mad dog at two. Power out with mad dog only is four because you see it. I don't know why clearance does that. You know, why can't you just say, Jim, man, is two to five? The humbers on here today. Then we got guilty. And five tough loss for the panthers. I snipe they blew me twice. I lost a buffalo. I told his mobile like a loss to me. It was five, three right there in a macaruna. And I watched a little bit of that game. I saw so many Saber fans. Man, it looked like the game was in Buffalo. I just couldn't believe it. And then toward the end of the game is they were counting down the last seconds of the game. The crowd was screaming and carrying on like, like it was the home team was going to win five. The three. I don't know what else going on in that joint. But nevertheless, like I said, the whole cut. Panthers hockey. That's an oxymoron. No playoffs again this year. I'm awfully sorry. And tomorrow on to the Metz in Jupiter, it's just 50 and night. Any key from Vegas after the baseball game. That's always a big ratings builder. Those modeling games, especially the ones right there in the middle of the day time. I'm looking for an honor about 11 o'clock sounds good to me. Can you imagine the pressure pack power a half hour we can do from 10.38 to 11. We got 22 minutes to go. That would be good. WQA M. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yep. Yes sir. Yes sir. Good morning. Good morning. Forget about it. Everybody in the brother. You know, another one that they say now is because of the soprano. Because they ripped off all the grandfather's stuff. Forget about it is one and. I'm being a part of it. I'm being a part of it. We're just about a being. Yeah, I'm not one. Oh, that's a good. Forget about it. Forget about it. Right. And about a being is done in expression. It's just a word. Right. And it's about the name of a strip club. Yeah. I don't really care. I'm not really interested in the soprano. I know everybody says, Oh, you've got to watch it. You're such a good father thing. But you know something. It's not a bad father. It's not supposed to be. Well, that good. I don't need to watch it because it's not. It's not much of overactive the Italian over-air emotional His cervical, you know, Italian drama queens is what it is. And I wish I could play some of those drop-ins that we used to play. But we can't play that normal. Yeah. Well, I did watch South Park last night. It must have been the wrong episode. Well, they played two of them back to back a repeat in the new one. I saw them on about the planetarium. Yeah. Yeah. I was funny. Planetarium. That was the old zone. And then she went to the next one. Dude, was that supposed to be really funny? Because it wasn't the one that was turning out. Oh, I like the fact that Cartman got the, I think he, well, he didn't actually win the thing. But he got the end of the finals doing the, to do rules or whatever that the cheesy puffs, whatever. Right. It's the one where I got this on. I got that one. Yeah. Oh, they're all the lines of the net. Seven hundred and 79 votes on the pool. Here's what we got so far. The dumbest expression people say, I hate this pool. It's still got 22% of coming down. 172. Two shades of lamb sale 119. Picking a poke 83. I poke this. Never stole a freight train 71. Look at these split 63. Which of course, a lot of you guys are thinking, Oh, we know what that means. Ha ha ha. Yeah, right. Never do it. No comment. In a clown's age 63. A feather in your cat, 46 never heard a dumbest version 42 idiots. That is a Dorneo 41. Them is dirt 21. As the crow flies 16. Wet my whistle 15. How about wet my beak like down for no cheat? Uh, what my whistle, uh, hops give them a jump 13. The heart of and your heart are hearts for. You know what I mean for. Huh? You know what I mean? Huh? Huh? What do you mean? I don't know. First time cover log time list. 3 that just drives me up the wall. I want to do like plastic, Spastic Man or Spider Man, a climb up to the wall. A back in the day three. Good to go with three. At the end of the day two. By hooker by crook. Make it snappy. And if you were in my shoes, those have got the big go so far. The 704 almost 800 votes are ready. We're on a rule. Let's see. Just about air weak ass connected with sports. Love to use expression. He or she isn't controlled their own destiny. That's not good. It says well, one could control destiny. Wouldn't be destiny. Would it? Wow. Yeah. It says maybe the dumbest sports expression. It's a subcategory or separate pool. Oh yeah. He takes it through the hole. Well, that opens up some avenues. I don't know. You best. Last night, my uncle Tony joined my wife and kids at the All of three restaurant. Now my uncle Tony, he's an Italian cuisine connoisseur. If it ain't perfect, he's not happy. Now I couldn't believe it when he said the chicken promise on was the best he'd ever tasted. Plus he kept raving about the free breadsticks and all the salad you could eat. My uncle Tony recommends you come down to the All of three because when you're here, you're family. And by that, I mean, you know, in the family. My last night, this couple was done eating. Right? And they were walking out. My uncle says, where you going? And they say, well, head and not to see a movie. And Tony says, huh, huh, huh. Not to the you head down to the four ace club and put a head on a Football Maroni. And these people freaked out. Right? They started laughing because it didn't realize my uncle was serious. And that once you eat at the All of three, you're in the family, right? So Tony stands up and he says, well, so funny. Do I am new to you? Am I some kind of clown or something? Then he takes a steak knife. Right? And he starts sticking this guy. And he's sticking him right? Well, anyway, the meal was great. The All of three restaurant when you're here, your family forever. Right. 1047, at least for a half hour, at least till, uh, I bring the meal at the table. And I got to get said then, pork out of the bottle. I still keep thinking about Salatto and that is actually a great look like. You know, you ever going to get that thing open? See, you're out of here. We can talk, you know, that's wrong with you. Somebody faces this in. I don't think you to one of these qualify. I found it in the last place I looked. I mean, that is stupid. It's a stupid thing to say because obviously, Yeah, if you found it, then wherever you found it, that was the last place. Even if it was the first place you looked, it still was the last place you looked. I found it the second to the last place I looked. Oh, well, that's good. At least it was in the very last. I hate when that happens. And then, and says, love, he's a sharp as a cue ball. See, this is, this is expressions for goyum. Because the way it's really said sharp as a matable, as the way it's said, or the way that most the Gentiles would say sharp as a marble, not sharp as a, hello. You? Huh? Great. You're cutting out. What do you mean by that? Well, you were talking and then you weren't now you're arguing. Yeah, well, how many times then happens? So just learn all my life. So, well, just relax. So can you get so damn it? I don't want to even know about it. It's like, what were you telling me yesterday about the book or about chicken egg? The station has some potatoes and why not have any potatoes since anywhere, whenever it will. Why is that? Two grand in our rears. Is he says, they're what? Like $2000 behind. Well, a guy like him can't afford to be two grand in a reen, you rears. I know. My god, when you people are going to get with it. And what the hell is this audience? You know, I have one call or one facts about the Chicago pizza, which is okay, I guess. You know, you know, the best way to do it when you go somewhere, you try yourself and you find out. Because everybody in their brother can give you all kinds of suggestions and tell you this, but a beat, but a book. Although, it would be nice to see how many of you point. You're like, if you're going to Rome, I'll tell you about my favorite try to read. And my favorite pizza read in Rome. On a pinch of a amodeo. The a pinch of amodeo. Well, what a great try to read man. I just love that place. In fact, if I wait like 130 pounds, if I was underweight not diabetic, I would just get on a plane right now and go there and just munch. I'm on jaman jaman jaman jadifood in Rome, baby. I'm not. I have, I will admit this. I did have a couple of bad meals there. You know, when somebody tells you, oh, it's such a great place for food. You can't get a bad meal there. Well, if you go in a wrong joint, you know, you can get a bad meal anywhere. In one I'm saying, what do you need to read? What was that again? You know, I'm saying. There was another poll too. Oh, and I hear you go, here's some soft Florida tourist suggestions. If somebody from a lot of town visits off for or make sure they don't miss. See what I would do is make sure they didn't do it. Right. If I wanted to be a nice guy, say, oh, don't go there. You don't want to go to South Florida. Make sure they don't miss South Beach. The Metro Zoo, the monkey jungle, a little fa van, a little rage show. Now we're talking. What else is there? The jungle queen dinner crew speaking of queens. Sovereign smells more. My guy spelled my Kia. Remember to talk about their car. I have no idea. Kia. My guy. I would advise them not to come right here this fall. That's very, very, very nice. I like his it. Oh. A lot of facts is this morning, man. Oh, here you go. And you know, something. This is the winner when I say it all the time. And hate saying it because it's a, they're got a very excellent point. Can I be honest with you? Or to be honest with you. I say that all the time. I don't know why because I am honest with them. I'm honest with you. I'm not a one of those. I mean, I'll lie when I need to. Like anybody else, but not that much. You know? What do you mean? No, I end them to like friends of mine. I don't lie. I'm trying to think of I even like tell white lies. I just don't lie. It is no fun. Right. But when somebody says, can I be honest with him? The fact is, there's no lie to me. I prefer that. Right. So if you were married, you'd lie a lot. But I'm not married. Isn't that a wonderful thing? Maybe that's why I'm still alive. Maybe why I made it to 64. Maybe make it to 94, okay? Because I'm not in a that persuasion. Or is a Pat boom would say friendly persuasion. It's a good thing. You got 810 votes on a full. They were creeped along toward the 900 mark. We'll get 2,000 by 2, not too much more than that though. Because let me see how much they hate. Yeah, it's 21.7. 1 to 22 percent hate the pull. That's a leading. And the interesting part of it is, it's quite the fact that they hate the pull so much. We're getting easy in calls with people coming up with other expressions. It's a great pull. There's an advancing wrong with it. Is there anything wrong with it? No. Here's a fact. I'm not going to bother to send. Yes. It says, how could we forget the stupidest expression frequently used by this stupidest a-holes? And then it doesn't say what that is. I see. Well, maybe they overlooked. Maybe they got so emotionally over raw. I don't know. 560560, palm 560, the Verizon singular wireless line. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes. I have a couple of my don't like. Up your alley? No. And cross park. Cross park. Cross my heart. Across my heart and hope to die. Across my heart and hope to die. If I don't see you again, I'm going to die. I love that same network. Thomens is making. Yeah. My close making a phone call to K and the clemences making the, I'm putting the sauce on the pasta and the whole deal. And I'm even with shoving your meatballs and sausages. A little wine. Sugar. Yeah. If I don't see you again, I'm going to die. Tell like girl, nice girl. Funny years you love her. Come on, Mikey. He's good. Clemenza was so great. Yes. That's why when we take those stupid ass polls about one, you know, your favorite character from the Godfather. I just say all of you, well, you know. It's hard to pick one out and say, yeah, they weren't very good. I'm talking about the first two movies. Obviously in the third, we can start getting carried away. It's pretend it didn't ever happen. Pretend it at one. I still say there was some really good stuff in it. Too bad they ruined the good story with all of that acting, but the bad dialogue and the bad whatever. And remember all the talk that was going to be Godfather four, well, who the hell was still going to be alive? There was nobody left. Michael died. Remember he dropped the orange. They all had his, Marlboro say it was had the orange peel and his mouth. He was trying to scare the a grand kid there. He's trying to scare Anthony. Remember he was going to then, of course, the bug spray. Like orange is killed if you're a dog. I guess so. I guess. And that's because the orange is the citrus fruit come from Florida. They're killers. Well, you're beating us in Florida. See, there are a lot of old people in Florida. But those people came to Florida. They were like, ah, 30, about five years ago. Now they all look like 80 and 90 and a hundred minutes because they've had a rough life in Florida. The sun just wrought their skin and drives it all out and they get all wrinkled and crinkled. They start winning and lime green pants. WDQAM. Hello. Hey, you. Yes. You know, kind of bugs me is that the journalists start using these phrases like in the mix. And what I hate that in the mix. Yeah. When this one turned up bad, but the sports on the really bugs me and you know, two run jack, the yard won't hold it. And we're one that would apply to you, turn a low on you to say he overperformed his contract or outperform his contract. So you want to more money. That's another favorite expression. Yeah, the sports thing is Sammy goes yard goes yard. And to me, they just drives me insane. So we keep out performing your contract. No, they owe you more money. Okay. Thanks, proud. Yeah. I'll take it right now. Just a big, just a big, big barrel. Okay. I'll wear it and I'll grab all the money out of it. Just a big, real full of money. Hundreds, please. U.S. currency, of course. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60. The Verizon singular wireless line. No ball game today. We got the three hours and six minutes to go. Not that we're counting. What about those basketball games? Colleagues hoops, man. 12, 30, something. Don't know. You're going to start that same thing. I noticed Kenny didn't do that again this morning. Probably a good choice on his part and do what? Talk about getting on a barcle on your because the college hoops is on TV. Listen, no star promote and stuff on television. Okay. Then I don't want to start playing butch blost. But if I hear that Robert Greeper, the grim Reaper, a Lord of the Board one more time. I'm going to look at Rossi on a phone. Oh, seriously, I just get angry when I hear him say this. So stupid. Robert Greeper, the grim Reaper, the Lord of the Board. Not with the Lord of the Board. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I like that. Yeah. Jesus. Got Almighty. What kind of drugs are those morning guys on? I don't know, but it's nice to share. Yeah. Here's what it says. Thanks for taking my call. And I'll hang up and listen. That's under stupid money. Thanks for taking my call. Yeah, that's why every time some jackass says that I say, thanks for making your call. What do you think I'm answering the phone here for? It's supposed to be a talk show. We can't take my call. It's just another one. We're in ingratiating trying to like suck up. Oh, thanks for taking my call. Very wonderful. You're so great. I think it's really simulating man. I'd rather read the Toronto Weather Report than that crap. We put in both of those on there. Look, you put whatever you want on it. All right. If we're both on it, I hate this full under 20%. I'll feel like we made a major accomplishment. And it's not a dancing wrong with it. I hate that. I'll hand up and listen to while we're at it. It's like, well, I'm hanging up and listen. Let's have a conversation for crying out loud. No, no, that's, that's good. They're not capable of doing that. So they're like, it's like a hit and runs calls. What it is. They'll ask a real quickie. Like if you have a guest. Can you ask the doctor for me? I have blue lips. What is the remedy for that? I'll hang up and listen now. And of course, back in those days, back in the day, when I used to have those kinds of shows on there, generally, I would hang up. Whether they were going to listen or not. Right. 8122 votes on our award-winning pool. I'm sure. This is what's going on. This is what's going on. Any questions? This is through some stations. We'll give you candy. Some stations will give you candy. But not in this station. Because this station is going to give you a chance to redeem the sins of all man. That's right. We're going to crucify you. They'll you did it. Be a big hero. Start your own religion. Even have a little magnetic dashboard statue made in your image. Just be the tenth color. When you hear this, and we'll set a bunch of angry moments to drag you up. Put you up and nail you down. If you've got a hammer and nail, we'll put you up for the night. This station accepts no responsibility for we know not what we do. Redeem the sins of all man. It's crucify. People listening for your chance to win. There was some refreshing honesty. This station, before we know that, what we do. I like that a lot. All right. And 137 votes on our pool of the hate-like poison. And the only thing I'm interested in, let's see, 21.2% hate it now. I hate this pool. What is wrong with these people? Well, that would take we only have three hours left. Several emails on these things. Let's see, here's what I got. It sends in the 80sillion ones. There's versions for stupid people. About a sharp as a marble. Mm-hmm. Did we put that on there? I'm just going to read these two. And if you want to put any mongo hen. Because these got like 400. Oh, they're going to do it. So it doesn't matter. Yeah. I'll keep you off your fan asked. Around it. A few clowns short of a circus. I never heard that before. I'll let you out there. A few clowns short of a circus. I guess that's not very much. I just mean a Q.A.M. Not the brightest bulb on the Christmas tree. No, I don't think that's what they really say. Not the brightest bulb in the box or in the black. Yeah. Not the brightest bulb. A few fry short of a happy meal. I've heard that one. He's a good. I never heard that one before. Those are all variations of that. He only has one ore in the water. Mm-hmm. A few beer short of a six pack. A few pea short of a casserole. All right. Doesn't have all her cornflakes in one box. I got a line for that one. Yeah. One taco short of a combination plate. I never did get my damn taco belliest. I'll be dang man. It's not good. What's wrong with me? Lazy. A few feathers short of a whole duck. Ooh. That duck business man. greasy. Mm-hmm. Just a thought of eating luck. I mean, would you like eat a pigeon? I guess I don't know. I guess probably in France they do. Did they have white meat on pigeon? I don't even know if they cook him. Yeah. I'll take the white meat on the pigeon, please. The cheese slip off her cracker. Ha ha ha ha ha. Okay. Doesn't have all his dogs on one leash. Oh, whoever said this in need. This is sweet. Elemator doesn't go all the way to the top floor. No, we know that one. Or someone machines out of thread. Ha ha ha. These are cute. His antenna doesn't pick up all the channels. Oh, I know a lot of people like that. His dog doesn't go through all the loops. Missing a few buttons on his remote control. No grain in the silo. Ha ha ha ha. These are great. I mean, it's starting to use in these. Receiver is off the hook. Too much. I love this. Too much yardage between the gold posts. Like, how many of our colors. Not the sharpest knife in the drawer. Now we know that. I like that one. The lights around, but nobody's home. That's a beauty. 24. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. 24 cents short of a quarter. And that's good. And the wheel spin. The wheel spinning, but the hamster is dead. I'll run. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, these are beautiful. That's something like a big pertinent bit just there. It really did. Or like a Larry Lujac with a cowboy title. Let's see. You're either with us or against us, repeated by the most dangerous man in the world. You're an awesome w. You're either with us or against us. See, I'm just like you put whatever once on you want. Chris, it's up to you. How do we be okay? Well, the list you just read were all good ones. Not like they were all great. Well, if you're one. The wheel spinning but the hamster's dead. Oh, man. 24 cents short of a quarter, I like that. It's just what about that stupid saying that always rears. It's ugly head during hurricane season. Pack your patience. I hate that. Yeah, pack this. Pack your patience. Usually the weather fairy always says that he's, you know, he's got packin' on the mind, I guess. Well, of course he's probably getting a lot of up practice now, is that the miss, what's your name? I'll decide out of mind. What a fairy. Which one? Which one? What's in the slamer? For like a better term. Come on. Miss, come on. See, I actually had a brain fart there. Trying to forget about her. And then of course, Mr. Orcross, Terminator Warning, cancelled for Florida's flagrabet area. Well, thank the Lord for that. We prayed and prayed and prayed. We put our hands together and our knees together. And our cheeks together. Back to the man, the Lord said, all right. The North Beach. Clearly the light has been turned off. A very dark storm. It's a one flash of lightning. There's not a bowl of air. There. That's not the end of my mind. I'm looking north probably northeast if I can tell you on up toward the North Beach. I believe. There's a bowl of fire. There's one more semi-shirb. We're in a world wide. That's so dark. It's Finster. It's Finster, Miami, maybe. 567-0560, 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line. WQAM, hello. Good. You still looking on the pan? Now, assure. What about the hot to trot? Hot to trot. Hot to trot. Hot to trot. Okay. Thanks. Hot to trot. Okay, of course, and there's the line that thunderstorms now that are shown today is that Chad Betsy ever whatever her name is there on CNN Lots of storms and mung and stuff and it's supposed to snow a little bit here. Maybe like half an inch later on today not good not good Not good. We don't want no more snow Don't begin this this springtime T's you know as like 14 15 16 U.S. Celsius like around 60s and then all of a sudden it's gonna snow a little bit Yeah, good not good indeed winner That's the way the Lord messes with your brain. He's evil. He's a sadist 2 a.m. Hello I thought the lipstick on a pig is so thick lipstick on a pig. Yeah, okay That's for lipstick on his pig. That's what the stock market guys were saying back during that that whole phone He's thing that the entire CNBC crew even the cameraman ought to be in jail for that Well, it's the new economy against the old time and instead of that they get this crazy cramer guy and they're now able to send He's like a bit called hero, you know See that's a one thing any anytime you get some jackass that's a real goofball on there And like he's a big hero with a college crowd. You're because he's a jackass Like the movie, you know everything that's like goofy jackass. Oh, he's really great that crazy cramer I want to give him all my money and see if he can lose it any he could Guaranteed I'm confident. So many QA and hello Hello, yes, sir Well, you could have pulled on that list How do you pardon? You could have paid a one with the loan. Yeah, that's right and and But see the other one was Just because your head comes to a point doesn't mean your show Yes, okay, I don't know if anyone's gonna find a poll, but that's kind of cute I mean, yeah, I'm a scale of zero Let's see see these people have been frustrated because we don't do the building pulls anymore. Thank the Lord. I hated those all The man the myth the legend I'll ride they must be talking about Legendary the man the myth the legend that's stupid and for the sports nerds anything beginning with walkoff walkoff Home run walkoff single walkoff walk it's Sarah walk off home run I think we can just take with a walkoff home run thing. I mean if we want to do the sports ones I mean there's 80 Zillion those any as fans responsible for most them oh Sammy goes yard Oh, what does that mean Sammy goes yard Sally goes around the roses what that how does that mean Sammy goes yard cuz he and all money goes yard I'll walk off home run and And like I told Josh when we're arguing about this last year of the season before it just sounds so stupid, you know like Oh, he and all my new gamers over let's everybody walk off now And then I got to run off the field. They're gonna walk off walk off my ass Okay, and I'm using where long walk I'll get a walk Stay tell what we really about 10 miles couldn't hurt walk off home run The desperation see this is the thing now another even the cable all these sports cable channels and the S.B.M's got about 50 different channels of their own and all the other crap on there They have to they have to try to like take something really terminally boring and make it real exciting You know really spice it up a little bit so they come up with just stupid cliches Which of course Chris Burman and I don't mind Chris Burman. He was funny for about five minutes. You know about 20 years ago But he's one of the biggest One of the guilty is to ball. I was thinking of guilty. There's Carl Roe Nations from all and oh my god What is this whole crowd gonna wind up in prison? That's what I like no federal prison. Let's see more all change together on a chain gang They could be the theme song for the administration now sand cook working on the chain gang You got that yes, I do I love that song you do have to yeah Guy We Say Colleen, would you be welcome to come over to my place to have a wax machine? Now that I would matter Patrick If you be wearing the green No, there's a smart lassie She's making sure her that is wearing the creamy green protection of Lepra condoms Don't be wishing on a holy globe I'll father for the gift again Especially if you're planning on kissing some blind stones What have you been? Double it in your prediction with the Abra condoms There's strong enough for a man But I like him too. So Catch yourself as if you're condom and you won't be catching anything else When would I see the five of six is WQA? Yeah, I go and speak to that here's that story in Lepra condoms. I've tried 10 times to read this First years of fact from Dick who says it the one of the dumbest things people say these days nowadays is it is what it is Okay as opposed to an end what it is right? It wasn't what it isn't what that was that supposed to mean He says I hate that one as you would say like poison He also sick of people say support the troops especially the hypocrites in DC and he also says don't ever change I won't can't too late There was no pot of gold behind the dancing roadside Lepra cond only speeding tickets Does this have drivers in the Orlando area found out the hard way yesterday after passing an orange County Sheriff deputy dressed as a Lepra cond and Warning drivers to slow down Alize and detector clock cars above his sign reading watch your speed or cost you a pot of gold and Several officers on motorcycles chased those who didn't heed the advice deputy Richard Lockman said police Begiving out about a ticket a minute since eight o'clock yesterday morning It was dressed in a green leprechaun offer with a hat tight white knickers and a fake red beard When it doubt he faked him out Lockman did the same thing with Christmas elf outfit in December Speed is complained that being stopped by deputy and customers in trapped men. I think it's just ridiculous Lockman said the off didn't force anybody to speed I think he's got a phone there. Oh look at this guy secret service arrest man after he jumps the fence to the White House Maybe this was tried again for like a little lunch, okay? Maybe he made a little launch for lunch Oh, the baby he wanted it on a graph and they dragged his Dark complex of the answer. I'm a little bit crazy Oh, yeah, oh, the guy with a beard and gray hair You know, he's probably just looking for maybe spare some change mr something like that, you know I would hate that. Yeah. I'm very tired of that. I'm better just I'm I would say that's probably the only thing that I really dislike hearing tensely I'm trying to think of anything else. I mean, you know the bad winter days Which you only have like three or four all year, but That's the only thing that really bugs me. Is there a way too many homeless people here Which I guess you could probably see in any big city and too much of that and there guys just like walking down the street Who don't look like you know like that guy there like they're a destitute or prostitute And oh, you know, I've been with some change pal and no Sorry And then I used to say sorry and I don't even know I just keep walking or now you say sorry Sorry, no, they say sorry sorry. Oh, yeah, sorry That's the Canadian way. Sorry Two straight cats got into a house and attack three people inside them were youth and eyes in check for rabbis Rabies of 30 said the cats entered Melissa brews house through an open front door on Monday I wonder where this is does it even say where the hell this was as somewhere in central Florida and Attack to women visitors in a boy a 30 said I thought I'd seen it all But I've never seen anything like this chief of police Martin Guten Shritter said animal control officer John Petta We spotted a call for help Guten Shritter said Guten Shritter One of the most scratches in bitten on her legs the other woman bitten on her white camp After talking then Petta went through his truck for snares and heard screaming from inside the house When you ran back you saw young male with blood all over his post Guten Shritter said it was bitten on his forehead knows left here and right cheek after some first eight from Petta The three were taken at a great plane's regional memorial center. I don't know where that is When investigated John said or arrived to an open the bedroom door. He saw a gray and white cat burying its teeth in a tack mode Guten Shritter be sour. He shut the bedroom door returned to his car for a dark gun both cats were shot Track alive and take the animal shelter where they were used to nice to which I say oh, yeah The only good cat is a that's bad dead cat. You can't say that I just did the bodies were sent to Lincoln for rat rabbis to rabies checks 30s want to find out who owned the cats other city ordinance and whatever city this was which it doesn't say cats may run free If they don't become nuisance Well, you know cat and nuisance is not that we don't see what seemed to me. Yes or what? Well, this poll is going over bigger than Mary Tyler man, my man, and the six million dollar more and Gary more WQAM hello Hey Neil, I'm going to call and tell George that movie was auto focused with thank you right here Playing Bob Crane good movie. Thanks very much, Sally. Yep. Bye. I've seen that thing on biography channel about the old body Missing George a boy found in the wooded area. That's that's not good no not good. That's America for a lot of bodies laying around oh, you know So all those people sing an eye ain't got no body. Well, just wait long enough watch the news You'll find some laying around not all look at that little kid Very sad that some America man a lot of crazy people with guns out of crazy alluded to one around on the loose Lot of Ted Bundy's out there man 8888 Just like my last trip to Rome 888 and then of course that was a great trip to Florence to Frenza and I placed where they had the pigeon eggs and they little a piece of Gum passing itself off as Prashutto Prashutto Vallani right Which I would have had a gun in that place man. I would like to shop that place up. She charged me 80 euros Which is like you know about 90 bucks and When and I think the bottle waters about all the way we be here there was nothing edible and we finally said This is not what we had in mind bitch WCOM said I should peek he and she gave us a row two a and hello. Oh, I had yes, I Am I that taken to listen and I can You weren't getting anywhere I'm like clicking on the listen live Yeah, and why what would you like me to do about it? I don't know if you knew anything about the hot-up No problem we're feeding baby. We were feeding we got plenty of people listen online right now There are no dropouts. May it be we could be one. Well, thank you your money back Yeah, well said you were sending your money back for listen to show how's that? We'll send you your subscription feedback. Shmuck He's calling me up because he can't take figure finger out on the listen line. It's not yeah Listen to this Raspberry for the board may I be to help in you please 560 and by the way, it's learning to speak anyways, okay people are laughing at your ass WQA and hello Hello, yes, sir. Yes, good morning. How you doing? I'm doing great. I got a couple for the poll I don't know if they were coming yet. Yeah, yeah Dig in the phone pig in the poke pig in the poke. That's the other son. Yeah, that P. I poke pig in the poke and how about one people say He died in a timely death Oh, I like that. That's good and untimely death. That's excellent. He died an untimely death got a Chris. That's beauty It as opposed to I mean what's the timely death like what's this thing 90? 90 You better watch it, Mr. O'Cowl. We got 26 years to go until 90. I got to stack a lot of important things to do Lots of important stuff Lot of important people to do. I mean to do four or whatever. I'm good at it. I don't know to do you for Look at these people. These are the people that they arrested about this kid getting killed Look at what barn that's the craft of a entry as first as I think with no teeth always be where some old rednecky bitch like that with no teeth Convicted sex offender. What was he doing on the loose again? That's what I would like to know. Okay. What are these people doing on the loose? If you have they find it with like a pin joint in your ass trade go to wait for 20 years minimum But if you're like a sex defendant you're gonna run around raping and the pillaging and looting and Plundering and the music then it's like a landing I will give you about 20 minutes Until you cool off. We'll take a cold shower on the inside and then we'll turn your ass out again They just can't figure out while they're these things happen It's like the Catholic church moving and priestess around you if we just move into a different location Maybe they'll come up with a different vocation American Asia Brothers, I haven't eaten in a long time. Get your hands off That you see I'm doing a spot here a little and $5 a month Hey, wait excuse me When I got a whole these rest foods of lives into the ship cargo hole you touch that pallet and your 10 meat dog Red You Did close the risk this has been a public service announcement for Sally Strother saved the children 1131 she's all class and all ass now let me ask you there's a bit that we've got all before that I've been trying two-braced breaks to remember telling this Are you gonna go and get Josh Cortison smack him on the head or maybe he's listening now? He's looking for he thinks that he put the stories up for today. There's nothing on it I'm gonna go up to like a button to button to send or the what up tell me hit the send or hey Yeah hit the button smack and What was the other very important thing? I was gonna say just something we important to say but you know I know if you you lose it, you know So our good friend Chris says you go girl how come that's not on there? It is now? Okay, you go girl. That's an old for thing. You know you go to a whole Sick twisted you know Crap or hers is a cult of Oprah that is correct and then that one I just Yeah, I heard that Would I'll do we expect to then I mean we love that well I heard that they got a Let's see here's a fact that says oh yeah, this one was on that other lengthy one a few fry short of a happy meal I like that although I do like 24th century of a quarter is good You dance with the one that what brought you? That sounds like we were redneck you think you did the one what brought you? And chomping at the bit which stupid Schmidt you say I can't This is Oscar formerly from Montreal definitely not a frog. Oh, what's that bit with the airplane seven? Where's there's a sailor Penny's what's that big call a Titanic that's it just see before you could even answer Okay, well played that after the break make this break And also here's another Chris we got lots of Chris is on there so many Chris is in so little time You know who says I still live in Miami several years ago listen to you. I know live in Utah I'm sorry Chris and listen online heard you talking about the food in Chicago Giorde Donos is the best place. It's the best pizza ever had my life. He says but it would be put a boot for about Anyway, I love the show and glad to be listening again thanks Chris and Utah And that nice see somebody online is Tommy You know on the phone on the facts they don't want to give me any advice about that Maybe they never vintage your cargo maybe they never had no Chicago pizza the deep fish stick really great stuff There was about a half upon the slice It really is a something man And I still don't understand because we did have Uno's once a part of time in South Florida anything That's good doesn't last too long in it right like sorry Sonic one bye bye. Mm-hmm. I'll be damned Anything that's really fantastic. Oh god fathers right? I mean I know you still got that one probably up by the headstation if it's still there did you tell me a was or wasn't I really? I don't know I think I thought I just thought I fuck rockers is gone What's gonna be next? First it was quirky's now as fuck rockers and it was godfathers right? I'm gonna tell you man when I was at W. snooze That's when I discovered there was a godfathers on sunset there and not far from our taco VV used to be And I don't care what anybody says any of my people online there give me about the taco V with the best thing was about a V But the best thing was the squeeze cheese man Mmm, they had the orange that real orange mochi and squeeze cheese that they put in the burritos and on the taco's oh The taco V was great. I mean do like Taco Bell but it ain't no taco Viva Mmm And right on that single strip shopping center that I'm sunset Between I want to say like a hundred and seventh egg and the whatever in Galilee road Right in between it was the first godfathers and I was on W. snooze and it came on here It's a sponsor in the manager that place actually destroyed millions times, but I can't get how beer out of my mind. Hey hobbyer Oh You see I'm kind of early 20s and this family you know started the Well his family actually all bought him in jail or something really Well, they were like you know, no, I don't know Stay ahead of much of businesses. I don't know and I say we're all on the up and up or whatever that means there's another stupid expression I'll be up in us Huh, that's a monkey business. I don't know, but he was a fine young man and just loved me Havier hey, Havier, but now that's a zillion years ago. He must be in a wheelchair or somewhere And I must have a walker. See that's the depressing part I Think back to all those days like the days of the Zeta, you know, and all those because it was on FM So we had all those living and breathing young people listening It's a miracle we have any young people listen here on AM on a scratch E a radio station I mean, it's a it's a freaking miracle especially with a tremendous promotion at this station gives for everybody And especially following well I don't want to say I don't want to go into that because then I should feel what do I say Should feel guilty Yeah, I should feel guilty on payday. They should feel really guilty those guys. WQA and hello deal yes, sir. I got a few of them boy Yeah, I might have missed the last couple of minutes So it's already forgive me. It's the Pope Catholic is the Pope Catholic. I like that. It's the Pope Jewish. Yeah, there's a Pope where funny hat Okay, there's one of you say all the time and I don't just don't get it side by each Oh, that's a Canadian thing at the the only person I ever heard say that is Frank Sully who's a great racetrack And I was here called harness racing at Western fairies to be a woodbind and he used to say when oh horses were like next to whichever Instead of side by side, he would say side by each Which I just a Canadian thing I guess I don't know Okay now, but Dr. Naro you're not all you're not gonna run on your ducks in a row. Yeah, they're all lined up. Let's get them. That's the way chaney likes them all lined up Right now this one you say you don't call you say it doesn't bear What is it? Those are bears Doug on bear Those are bears. Oh, those are bears are bears in the woods. Yeah, that's right. Yeah Okay, I would imagine probably answer is yes Yeah, like the Pope Catholic right okay now. There's some he has get off the subject a little bit Says a couple of guys on your shoulder you talk about all the time and I don't know I Well, yeah, you got a nice show here Yeah You talk about a guy I must be Jewish because I don't know It's first place what is it? Grands Superschmons You ever hear that no you say it all the time It's the time to be real fast so she's a great sub-grishman no Grand took Richmond oh Great to Richmond grand Mary. Let's see this right Right, right be told Richmond. Oh, this is yeah, is this supposed to be fun? Yeah, it's serious Okay, see a pal He was going along we were well to start when they start with the amateur comedy man. That's when I start getting really impatient That's when my fingers start going on but I'm like that I'm like Like like Like that like Tim Hardaway Okay, how are we doing on the start of nine 14. That's not too bad. We'll make the thousand easy. You know no reason to sweat it Chris I'm now I'm ready for Taco Bell. I know that was really bad. I got started on that see I'm I'm too Impressionable and sometimes I'm impressionable to stuff I say myself When you're talking crap for four hours every day and get paid a lot of money for it and then you start reacting to it yourself Then you must really be pretty good. Oh, I worked out at 20.5% I hate this fool How can I get anybody with any kind of a conscience vote for I hate this fool when everybody in their brother knows exactly what we're talking about Well, we got all these incredibly stupid expressions I still want to go back to that one page. I save it. I sure hope so that's worth a reread There was some really nifty stuff on their own nifty How do you spell huda Yeah, I did save and I said the good stuff. I might even send you some The wheel spinning but the hamsters dead It's got like Richard gear Richard spinning but the durable is dead 24 centured of a quarter the lights are on but nobody's home. Now that's a good one The lights are on but nobody's home No green in the silo His antenna doesn't pick up off the channels for sewing machines out of thread. These are all good To then this could be like about a tin fart a partner, you know Could be lengthy we can do it for like a month and then of course the sports ones. Oh brother Nobody comes in our house and pushes us around oh man talk about that fully Montreal craft bunch of pansies It takes showers together and snappy tubas asked with the towel nobody comes in our house. Yeah, right Or my speaking of house that that one just kills me. You're gonna take it to the house That is that bother you Chris or you're already brainwashed on anything. That's good. I had whatever I thought I'd ever heard you even know what that means. No never heard it You're gonna go for a touchdown he's running for a tug take it to the house Missing out of all the good stuff. Yeah. Oh, yeah. It's just it and it's like a little receive part two is what it's all about A little received part one is on our phone 917 votes on a full and I hate this full like I said 1.88 20.5% Water 14 feet above the key of the 10 minutes Like I picked along week which most in the 4 feet in all three holes and in both rooms six Like that's it for all weeks quick reach When can we get on the way damn it get that finger out of your ear? You don't know what that fingers been That's five compartments and it looks like a big tile and all you can say float with a first four compartments reach But no fine. How did our best stay awake? No to five Click I picked our all week quick and fetemix the water was full over the tops of the bulk hits there's no studies here He's a fire in the bar from this moment no matter what we do Me your John big tree Titanic will thunder just want to tell you both the luck If you may get you headlines Mr. Smith There's a sale of pennies Jack, I want you to draw me like one of your French girls wearing this where did you get that dress? On those shoes that coat Man there could be the most underrated comedy of all time. I mean now people love it But it's just not the rated as highly if you're gonna ask people you know the best comedy of all time They're not gonna say airplane and it is it is you know this crowd this fortunate crowd are gonna say oh It's gotta be uh what is it? Cattishack catty shack. That's what is going wrong with it but the best Not even close not even close to airplane but nevertheless If not Kenny and Bowden Kenny and who somebody says a pulse of just and they got Kenny and Mo Kenny and Joe as in Kenny and foe as in defo Kenny and Big O who is Rock solid Kenny and Roe as in Joe Rose Kenny solo Kenny and Southern Kenny and Stu Gass and you know No Stu Gass. They do we want no Stu Gass. They miss the obvious choice and what's that Kenny and Roney take the miss you I'll write they call there you go Kenny and Lenny, huh and Jack Benny sounds good to me I think 705 60 pound five 60 and they've arrived in singular wireless line That little Venice christenish man. He's one of my favorites. He's leading the charge for impeachment's what he says No, I promise nobody listens to me one of no why oh He's a little jai coying to funny look. That's why gotta band her pieces about two feet tall comes up to your kneecap But he's great WQAM hello You're done. Yes sir speaking One of my favorites is a relative and they win all meet no potatoes Okay, and I'm the pain in the ask guy. I'm sorry. I'm a two show this morning Did you get changed watch movie? Too bad that he missed you talking about it Come on now I have no life hold it together good yeah, hold it together my hands I'll get some tape while you must be dreaming these people honest to God is just you know every time that I'm down there every single time I you know the drive To my house from the airport from Fort Lovidil which isn't that far But then you get off a 595 on hiatus, you know and you go over to what sunrise and just you look at the The palm trees and all those mella look is the wall like knock down from the hurricane from my you know What is it two year a year and a half a gun and I think for myself man That term vast wasteland if ever ever here says we're talking about cliche's and expressions a vast wasteland But nevertheless oh a media from MSI says how about you don't you shouldn't Schmidt where you eat? I like that when that's good and we can actually write the word there on our website The Bible like Chris you don't have to worry about the FCC whatever on so far they don't run the internet You can put any crap under your want right yeah Try to use a tummy who was out all night and have it a while time and you want to put on their any details I like the details Christopher put it put it all on there Let it all hang out. I guess you already did well with it Wow, what a I don't know I don't know what it's all about anymore my mother used to say that all the time what's it all about now? And I used to say about 30 and she'd look at me like huh WQAM hello Neil yes sir all right I got a couple for the poll here. Oh boy. There's no end of these is there no way All right, do you got stop at snow the roses stop in the stop in smell of coffee or stop in smell the roses? Yes, okay Don't throw it off you a lot, lady. What is it? Don't throw stones in a glass house? I like that and the grass is greener on the other side Hey, you ever check out the taco viva that was in the brawl back in the 80s No, probably I would imagine they seven on the food probably the Taco Bell is now these seven in the food court there and And it was good Well, of course it was good with Taco Viva was that outstanding they and I do I'm talking about with that squeeze cheese They used to put on the breeders So they kicked the crap at the Taco Bell. It sure is held in hey you ever watch boomer No, now do you get in Canada? What is this you get to watch it in Canada? What is it? Bill Mar Oh Bill Mar I'm gonna lie geez he was doing so well. I thought he said I don't know what he said I thought he said Fumara yeah, Fumara so I thought Fumara no Fumara no Fumari no Smoking baby now how do you say smoking in a Spaniard you just did I said that's also a Tanyano see how did all those romance languages baby oh Oh, you know come in order yeah Whatever that means I get I mean when I try to show off that I know 10 words in each language And they get them all I call confused you know that's all right Yeah, because I don't I don't speak either one of them but but nevertheless I speak it in glaze here a little bit every now and then 567 oh I like that your ranzach Medita Jed will not give up other pressure They're gonna continue working on it and then we're gonna blow them into the and you know everybody's gonna be dead If we don't get this bush out there in fact I'm gonna read this a little piece of this all of the phones are smoking because they hate this poll How's that funny point four percent if we can't get that out in 20% today? I'm gonna be really porked off I'll tell you that right now. I'm gonna be peode That's what that stands for pork dog peode During a speech on the hospital. I'm not Thursday yesterday Representative little Dennis Cassinit. She will how to clear that impeachment may well be the only remedy Which remains to stop a war of aggression against your man The 2004 presidential candidate is running again in 2008 told raw story that in his house floor statement It speaks for itself this house cannot avoid its constitution the authorized responsibility to restrain the abusive executive power He's dead on the 4 yesterday the administration has been preparing for an aggressive war against Iran There was no solid direct evidence that ran is got the intention of attacking the US or its allies He noted that since the USA signature to the UN charter constituent treaty among nations of the world and article two states That all members shall refrain in their international relations from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity of political independence of any state But even the threat of a war of aggression is ill Eagle Article six of the Constitution makes such treaties these supreme law of law and because they said this administration is openly threatened to grant aggression against the Iranian Violation of the US Constitution and the winch charter but a beat for the boot put up and they said boy you sure are funny looking Dennis And they won't listen to him because he's like a little group ball. He's great. He's got the balls to speak up and tell it like it is And anybody in America who's got the balls to speak up a tell like it is it's like all j what's he's starting complaining again Quit your complaining quick your bitch in WQAM hello How are you doing good This is a separate question for what's there you're doing yeah, okay? Let us take a little water piece in a pod Look like glue, but it's something else Yeah, what have a cake and eat it to? I'm sorry. Just be happy you're taking it to you We can't cost some magazine for one of those escort services and it says GF E for some of the girls. We want to know what that GF Me GSE F as in Frank and E And then everything They had certain models With that word. I think it stands for good F good F and easy or something like that I don't know what mine I'll find out from one of our perverts out there GF E my ass deal with them and me and they That means never heard of it GF E I'm probably have an idea with the F stands for friend good friend and the hardest one he comes in My criticism to that stuff. Oh, yeah really Big time He was such a proverb. What do you laugh about? Does you know you're gonna talk about it on the here? Why okay, if they were to find out what was wrong with that, okay? Oh, you know some people lead a double life Yeah, and Listen, I know some people that have spent a long time on the internet's Cruising and the beauty and choosing and whatever, you know, what's wrong with that? What's not the like nothing? Nobody ever got abused on a Screen, you know same What does it be? I must say one or one up on what's his name show on the M and NBC? What's the guy's name? Think we're in trouble with the DLN and you see one whatever that do yeah, I'm a perverted justice. Yeah, the perverted justice guys That's a good shot. I love that again. God shit again 942 votes on the pool the domestic version of people say I hate this pool is down to 20 point two percent We're getting close to get under 20 percent We'd it would say that should be like maybe five percent. I don't know why the hell I hate this pool It must be feeling really porky down there. I'm telling you that there must be something really hostile Like you know the fact that the weather is so bad. It's dark. It looks like three o'clock in the morning instead of like a noon looks like midnight That picture I saw there before what am I Miss Skyline the thunder and lightning and the clouds and the mung? Yeah, it's nasty out there nasty the pressing looking like I'm looking here It's like you've almost seen a little more it's murky, but it's not not that bad could be worse like this afternoon It's gonna snow What do be something if it's snow there this afternoon? I love that me to can you see the driving? I'm I'll find out about that if it's snowed in Florida, would there be anybody left alive by midnight? No I hate this pool 20.2 percent one 91 two shakes of alarm sales one and has since the beginning one 25 from the get-go That that's another one from the get-go. Oh That is so bad. I'm sure it's now how do you spell? I'm looking for who the thunk it. Did you put it on there? Of course let it you want to find out how he spelled the hoota who the has three votes sounds good It's got three votes. I don't see it. Oh, there it is. Who the thunk it? Oh, that's cute when he spelled it Something I would have spelled it. Picking a poke any four never stole a freight train 76 and in a coupons eight 70 Do not be saying that again. Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q 8 I You surname And Lee This way I'll give you a stiff heart soon. Yes, the reason is too much. Oh my gosh, are you kidding, Boots? That's sort of sweaty skin. Right me and Tobacco, but don't pull off that sword until you've seen the white-sum-er-fied. 951 votes on our award winning pool and down to 20.1% today. Heath this pool. But too much hate from South Florida. We need to work on it. Let's try another 31 years of this crap. How do we be 95? So we have an update from Curtis. Yes, the G stands for Girlfriend Experience. No, well, that was pretty easy. Nothing expected about that. What is that mean? You've got a little friend. Girlfriend Experience. I have no idea the pants are what context. I really don't know. And quite frankly, don't care. But nevertheless, it stands for Girlfriend Experience. Girlfriend Experience, Palli. This is supposed to be an educational show. And there you go. Well, we just got through a town at the end. And we went Curtis call back. Call back Curtis. We want to find out what kind of hate he's saying. What was that on there? Yeah. Girlfriend Experience is that experience to Girlfriend Experience. Girlfriend Experience. It's just an experience. Listen, we're not asking your dead ass. We're asking Curtis. He's obviously the expert pervert on this. Our kind of guy on the show. 5, 6, 7. Obviously he's doing more than just watching the ball scores. They're on his computer screen. He's going to more than websites than just ESPN.com. It's what I'm thinking. It could be wrong about that. But I doubt it. I'll do it. WQA and hello. We're asking Curtis. And here. Yes, sir. I'd rather you would actually call a hooker girlfriend being there. You would go to them to do things that you wouldn't do to go from anyway. Just a quick thing about your show. I love you show. But can you read one of those facts? Why did you just have a shredder instead of ripping the paper? I mean, I'm getting tired of the ripping of the paper. If you don't want them to be like that, I like it. So you don't like ripping the paper. Go rip a rip your ass. He's getting, he's getting tired of it. He might be on the verge of it. He's getting tired of it. What a smuck man. You are wise. So many people, millions of people are dying. They're desperate. They're like, isn't it? Trying to break the door down in a prison. Trying to get out of that place. We got to get out of this place. Remember that? Sure. Eric Burton. An animal. That's correct. We got to get out of this place because there's too many people like you, sir. Looking for a problem. There's not any problem. You love this show. He just got through saying he loves the show. But why did you quit tearing up? Because I feel like it. Because it makes me feel good. Okay. I rip it up with my own bare hands. It makes me feel real masculine. You know like a real man. Almost. Well, close this Oliver. Shmuck. There you go. Eric Burton in the animals man. What a heavy bird's week wear bear. And who the fuck it to? It moves the real arm of this stick. It moves. Raise arms. Don't raise. How about hospitalized these sons and children people? That's what the public wants to hear. The house of the rising sun, the animals man. Is this number one hit? I believe this had to be number one. Sixties, odd at sixty-four. Somewhere about back in as day. Sixty. Four. What can I say? Eight. Eight. Uh-huh. Eight. Not any other son first. What happened? Okay. That's the number that the house of the rising sun. WQAM Hello. Is this the Nelson Roger Bell for a shelf? Yeah. What can we do for you, sir? Yeah. I read an article on the internet about you. What are you going to start again with this crap? Where do you get lost? WQAM Hello. That's the guy with the word with the media. Hello. I'll go new. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? Okay. And GMP is like a true girlfriend that she'll take your money for sex. All real. Also it's raining in Miami, so if you can't drive stay up the street, you know who you are. And other words, everybody stay home. Wow, that was very educational. Yeah, the Wikipedia guy, he's another one. He's a good bullet between the ears. I was going to say in a brain, but we couldn't find it. Maybe Justin is back home. WQAM Hello. For a new one. Yes, sir. First, I'm going to talk to you about the work in the office. We're walking for one day morning. The dollar on the desk says, hey, hump day. Oh, hump day, yeah. Brutal. There's a lot of people need to be shot. Lot of shooting needs to be done, pal. Should be a capital fan. And I'll be real quick about pizza and Chicago. I'd say it's like what beach should I go to and Florida. Just look around a little bit and you'll be fine. That's all good. Okay, thanks, pal. Thanks. I thought it was a good idea. I think Giorgano is based on what I think I got on the guy in Utah. And what I heard from a friend of mine, who's a Chicago, I wouldn't say expert, but no, but it was pretty well. He said Giorgano is great and that's probably why it's so busy. There's lined up like 80. You know, the one thing about the Chicago pizza and I'm trying to think of what station I worked in, where we headed, they'll send it air express. You know, they put it in those, what do they call those things? I give up. Oh, you? Huh? They call them Fred. They pack them on dry ice as well. I'm trying to, okay. And we, I think was Sarah Sodor like back in the 73 when I worked at WSPB and we got a Chicago pizza delivered in the air express like that. And then there was some other stuff that we had was it's the Chicago dogs. I don't know. There was some other food that we had ship and it's a damn good. And if you go on the websites of all these places like Ginoziste and Lumaal Naudi's and Giorgano's, most of those joints will ship them anywhere in the country. And so the fact that you're stuck like an ash to be low or higher somewhere in your thinking, oh, gee, I wish I had some of that really good Chicago style pizza or whatever. There are a lot of places like that that'll send you, you know. Just don't stick your hands in the dry ice. That's my best suggestion to you. Not a really good idea. Now put it on your tongue. That's better. That's always the best. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. Any other few cliches? Oh, sure. 20 or 30 will be good. Go hug. Yeah, tell us, or so. He's a real stand up guy. You know, stand up guys and post your lead down guy, right? And the same my first time at the rodeo. Never heard that one. I don't go to the rodeo much, yeah. I guess not. Smooth is a gravy sandwich. Huh? A gravy sandwich. Like that. Oh, for me. Yeah, I love that. And I picked a bad day to get up snoring crack. Okay. I'm out of material, man. Thank you. Right. I think it was just the right spot, you know. Sometimes it pushes a little bit too far. He knew exactly when to bail out. When at that time. It was something like he was replacing the airplane a bit. That we played a little bit ago. Yeah. Boyd bridges. Boyd bridges is dead. How about some of the other people in there? Peter Graves is still alive and doing those nice guy co-spots. Oh, that's one of my very least. There was another 10 tree in the plant. Some 10 tree. Looked lost and answered it or I was one lucky woman. Of course. Unless you saw airplane. I didn't know I'd be with that even mean. Right. Am I right? It is a tie and there's no question. Oh, sure. He's been freezing the same fact. Character that he was in airplane. I've never seen a grown man naked to the right. It's a matter of fact. 957 was a full work. Why is he in 10th grade growing in the middle of the road? What the wrong way is the wrong way? They haven't we all. Yeah. You have. Well, I'll be damned. 957 was saying, there was a guy who would buy the other day. I swear to you. And this is disgusting too. He looked like a famous porn star. And I say that term very loosely. Who it was after losing an enormous amount of weight. Does that mean good or bad? Bad. Okay. Roger. He could have been his twin brother. Only a much smaller swimmer. And I did not ask whether he was double-jointed or whatever. Oh, my god. And talk about getting spilties. Talk about a guy who's definitely in the wrong career. And he's not out anyway. And still made a lot of money. And as long as I live on, I remember for good that day. He was so insulted because I said he was fat and hairy and disgusting. Which I mean, look in the mirror, Ron. You're fat and hairy and disgusting. Okay. So big deal. You're double-jointed. Congratulations, you know. Wow. He was very insulted. I guess he considers himself a real stud. I consider me, dud. WQAM. Hello. Oh, hey Neil, how you doing? Okay, sorry. This is already on there. That he could gravy think brought this to mind. Riding the gravy train. What is that? You didn't figure that? Yeah, dud. Yeah, we've talked about yesterday. They've got some gravy. Delicious. I mean, you put on a sandwich. It's weird. No, no, another one we forgot because that guy's boring. In the back of the salad days. What? Right. They were talking about that yesterday. We forgot to put it on there, though. The salad days. Why? I still haven't written that. When you say the steak and potato, they're not a message. But the salad days sound lean and mean to me. You know, not to, I don't know, name something good like back in the pot roast days. Right. Back in the chef of the on days, we're certain like that. Back in the sirloin steak days, when we had a lot of money and things are really great. And we were on the gravy train or whatever. Now we're eating gravy train. And if we stick with this bunch of losers, we got here at QM much longer. We're going to all be eating gravy train. I'm talking about jelly. How's he doing, by the way? Is he coming by to say higher or whatever? Not lately. Jolly, Jersey Joe, no? No, no, you told me how much he hates me, I guess he doesn't come by either. Oh, well. He probably hates me too now because of the fact that I tell the truth and I talk about the fact that the numbers are in the toilet. Now what a phenomenal job he's done. And I think in, of course, that morning show, I would, I would be surprised if he and Clarence are both the architects of that and toast as well. The aptly named one. WDQAM, hello. George, finally came out, all right. WDQAM, hello. Yeah, I got up there for you. Yes, sir. Not for nothing. And you know what I'm saying? No, what I'm saying now, in that already on our way, is that how long time we go? Not for nothing. No, not for nothing. These, because there's only about 40,000 of them, I could read the whole poll once and we'd be done. That's an idea. It's a thought. Now what was the first one he said? Not for nothing. Not for nothing. I hear it a lot, I don't really understand what it means. It's like GFE. Growth. Well, now what did the criticism of the friend experience? Growth and experience. Growth and experience. We've been on a grade, let's go on a shade and make sure you get made. It feels like he gets ready. Well, there's Castro. It's no surgery that he had. Who would have suddenly lost his Castro? He's in perfect shape and there's a picture of his, he's got like a president. If we were to call a judge. And they were right in blue jacket as a matter of fact. So we made a con, we said, I'll ride a man to con. What made a con? I remember that scene in Talon, Mr. Ripley. Really stupid scene. Were they, if they jazzed, clubbed somewhere, nearly? Yeah, but that's the run that. So feel the rend of the. I'm at a con. I'm at a con, I beg you pardon. Naples affairs, something like that. What about it? That's where they originally say that song. Well, what's that guy to do with Talon, Mr. Ripley? I'm sure that they met Damon and Ripley and all. Some people say it. I still very unnerved by the scene where Jude lost it. And the bats have naked and Tom Ripley wants to get in. You know, Matt Damon wants to get in there. Matt Damon. Matt Damon. Matt Damon. Ha ha ha. Team America world police. I'm going to tell you if you need press. Get that this weekend and watch it over and over and over and over again. May you love it. From it is past new and QM. Friday you bested. Oh, right. I'm dying all the way out. Huh? Stop bombing back there. Absolutely. Do it every day. I want to watch it on TV. I racked. I racked. Oh. We've not moved. It should take a day. Let us just put a net to which I racked. I racked. I want to wake up and see their city is don't exist. Hope in thin air and tell that's sort of a scene. Oh, we're really pissed. You're on the ice game. That little piece of shit. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Hey, get me away. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I'll get the mouth of make a hit. From all of your eyes. It's a dumb ass. You go up and down. We all know it's time to bump. I racked. I racked. I racked. I racked. I racked. I racked. I racked. I want to wake up and see their city is on the floor to fit. I'm going to be back. And say that win number one. I follow the heat. We can't be beaten. I can't we have one. But for me, I racked. Why not start to change? Let's make your heart a bit. That old barbed. When all the boys are there, I'll do a show with that shit share and safe goodbye. I racked. I racked. I racked. Who is the next? Bang, bang, it did. Ouch. I'm sorry, don't I? Anybody ever were attacked by us, quarter-longed back of the head and say, Hey, there's no stories on there. There's no bedtime stories. We're just sitting on the whole bunch yesterday. He gave me a song of the answer. I didn't send him any. He's either in a house and placed it in here. He's one. He's either in a meeting or not here. Wasn't that great? Well, that's okay. Listen, that's the QM extra service. He's the busy part of the year, but it's not going to get into that check. I'm not sure what I'm talking about. It's true. I mean, why not help what I send the check. I send like, you know, 15, 20 important stories. And there's nothing on there. And our vast audience out there is like going back again. And again, where is the stuff we're supposed to read today? So it's intellectual stories for all those egg heads out here. Scott and Penelis Park says he said, by the way, Penelis Park is the only place that could make Tamrak look good. Excellent points, Scott. Few more. It's a win-win situation from the get-go. He or she is a partial stranger. Yeah, that's interesting. A partial stranger. He or she's no day at the beach. And it says the tool for you numbers are working if you're calling from the 727 area code. Well, that's what my code is. Scott, it'll teach you to live in the 727. You're going to be 727 area code. Don't do it again. But here's my very favorite. It's from Dave, who says, and this to your domestic expressions, pull. This is my favorite. We're not going to put this one on there, but this, it's nothing's even close. You want to hear it? Ready? Robert Greeper, the grim reaper, and the Lord of the Board. Nice going day. I mean, I just nausea inducing. It's just puke inducing. 560, 0560, pound 560, and leave a rise in singular, where I was lying. Proaching a thousand of that. We're making our approach right now. We're going to be landing in a second. 975 votes. And of course, you know, it'll be a soft landing on this show. WQA in, hello. Was that Lord of the Board, spelled DOARD or DOARD? DOARD? Yeah. Lord of the. Okay, I got either way. Listen, I have the opposite of this. I think the greatest expression is coming to modern usage. Yeah, I'm sure the George will agree with me. Friends with benefits. Friends with benefits. That's a good expression when you could get it. Because the renders marriage obsolete. Amen. Amen to that sir. You're hoping we can. And you too, have a lovely weekend and lovely, lovely, lovely, life. 560, pound 560, and the rising and the singular, marvelous line. Don't forget join the QM Street team right now until 2 o'clock. At the Verizon Wireless Store at 100 South Miss Gain, the largest in downtown, my name is QM Street team. Maybe Jeff Cortis is down there on the street. He ought to be. Stop by when prices and get out of the restaurant and eat dances. No stories on our website today, Josh Cortis. I just mentioned that in passing. And that check that was just, oh man, it was like right in my hand and all of a sudden. Oh. But that kind of coming for it. Oh, I'm never think of stories. Don't worry. I'm shredding those. WQA in, hello. Yes sir, good afternoon. Yes sir, good afternoon, be a sir. We don't need any new articles on the road. Because we know you'll read them all on the air. Oh, yeah. Uh-huh. That was it. That's probably Josh's boyfriend. WQA in, hello. Yeah, I got to the map. Speaking. Speaking. Oh, hey. I just wanted to tell you about the domestic expression. That's the way the cookie crumbles. Yeah, that's not good. No, no, no, no, no, no. So he can crackers in their man. Not a good idea. Kind of like the sums up this business. Too many crumbs. Some of that pretty well to me. 560 and 560 and 560 and 560 and 560 and the horizon. Remember what I said before about people who think that they're very funny. Like Bill Marvier example. When that guy called before and said, do we give Bill Marvier and Canada? No, he's band at the border, pal. B.O.B. band on the border. Man. Torpe, give me the word Torpe a new definition. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. You're not going to be a good idea. I've known you guys for a couple years now. I've never really felt your pain when you say this. My name is bad. And South Florida's bad is much of a dead last night when I went to the youth fair. Yeah. And the people there, man, terrible, terrible. And I'm talking about like even older people. So you know, not just the young kids. They want you and older people. Yeah, most of the older people. Yeah, the 30s is a 30 year old. When is that? I'm 24 years old. I'm not 40 or 50 or 60 complaining. I'm a young guy. Yeah. Well, down here. Or just I don't know what they think of themselves. Or they don't look at themselves and mirror and just did sad. It's sad, man. What the hell? Tell me about it. Good afternoon. Okay, see you. Send a picture, pal. 5.6705. 60. Pond 5.60. The rise in singular wireless line. I guess I'll give a quick rundown. Okay. I will say one thing. We haven't had a whole lot of repeats like usual. 980 votes on the pool. The dumbest expression that people say is, I hate this pool as down to even 20%. We've got a shot of getting under that. 1.96. That's scandalous. 2 shades of alarm sale, 125. A pig in a polka 84. Never stole a freight train 76. That's one of my favorites. In a coupons age 70. That's not the same ad. Look at these split 67. Uh-huh. Feather in your cap 49. That is a Dornell 48. I never heard of them. I'm a version 43. What? It must not get to that house too much, I guess. First time, call out long-time listed 23. I despise that. You know what I mean? 23. Dumbest Dirt 21. As the crow flies 16. But in my whistle 16. In your heart of hearts 15, back in the day 15. At the end of the day 14, a hop skip at a jump 13. You go girl 12. Walk off home run eight. See we should do this fourth one, sir. Uh-huh. Hang up and listen. Eight. He died an untimely death seven. A sharp as a marble seven. Thanks for taking my call. Seven. You shouldn't, uh, Schmidt where you eat three. Who the fuck is three? Make it snappy three. Who the hell did I do that? You shouldn't. Wasn't that Greg Weedon said that? Don't you think where you eat? I don't know. Make it snappy three. Good to go three. It is what it is, too. Pack your patience, too. A lot of packing going out. I'll tell you that right now. In the mix, too. Not for nothing one. Have your cake-in-eated two when I think Al Pacino said that several times. But he said bunch of, uh, that sex offender is parents of the family. Oh, he told that little kid. It just sick. Really sick. I think they ought to take the whole family execute them on the NBC nightly news. No votes for win-win situation is the Pope Catholic. I heard that. Hot to trot by hooker by crook. Or if you win my shoes. No votes yet out of 93. So this half hour crystal go over 1000 hours of spare or we could replace him in a Marlins game for me and stay with me. It's not good. Did they win? Uh, I think so. No, and does anybody care? No, even they don't care. 27 past noon at QM type. Why do you best? Dude. Who was a little baby father? I was a little baby father. I was a little baby father. I was a little baby father. I was a little baby father. I was a little baby father. I was a little baby father. I was a little baby father. I was a little baby father. I was a little baby father. Your husband has been back. Looks like none of them will punch you. It'll be up to that crazy touch. You can't be now. But turn it in and out. Who is with that now? Who can't be now? Who can't be now? 12.32 to 56. You'd have to shoot. Here's another one. There's no look. Let's see. We owe 19.7%. Let's hear it. We started out with like what? 89% or something. They hated it. Too much hate down there. Stop hating. We each out and tap somebody on the shoulder and say, I love you. Or just just lie about you. Let me go on the hall to do that. Yeah, go on the hall and grab somebody. Go get Tommy and kiss him on the cheeks. I love you Tommy. He'll smack you on. He says, would you just relax? Rich says, fuck, Ruckers is still around the Dave County. See if he's been more time in Dave County. You'd find out what's really going on. Talkin' out of me? Yeah. Well Chris lives there. He ought to know. He doesn't know. You think you got all we should know where the food is though. It says it's in to round the international mall. Sonic is also in Dave County still. See if he's going Dave County. Find a good stuff. Finally, there's also a godfather's pizza and sat a head station on bird road. Next to Tammy and me park. So I'd be like that. And of course the godfather's, which I know we asked the one on baby road extension. In the head station, I think that was the first head station that had the godfather's Remember that came by a couple times. Did that brought us pizza? Uh huh. And it was to any old pizza doesn't really travel all that well as you know. I mean, traditional style does. But I'm talking about that kind of sick girl, the sick kind. Like steak. Steak doesn't travel well. If you're going beyond the year. Although over the years, I guess we've had people brought us in steak. And then it was always Smith and Malenski came here. I'm so sorry. Go there speaking of expressions. Don't even go there. I like to eat that one. That's one of my least favorites. Don't even go there. Oh, brother. So godfather's is still around. But not like the original one. No, that was saved. It was safe. This person that went on sunset with my buddy, hobbyier. Hey hobbyier, Connolly here and sit in my lamp. Well, I sure wonder if he went to the pokey with the rest of the family. But she was a popular guy in there if he did. Here's one from Ed in Fort Lauderdale. He says, as Nercupai, as Nercupai. Hello, that was good. Not getting ahead of myself. It's Nercupai. I'm right. As nervous as a fokey pond in a balloon factory. That is cute. And that cute. Yes it is. Nervous as a fokey pond in a balloon factory. You know what I'm looking for, I can't. I'm probably this is a lot of not going to find it. I'm going to put that on there. I'm sure. Because that's it's cute, but who to hell ever heard of that? Anybody ever hear that? Nobody ever say no. No. I think we're approaching a thousand on the pole. Get ready. Get ready for a real exciting moment here. 997. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Say I don't want to let that thing go all the way through. A little just a little just a little. No, no, no, that was good. Try it again. Okay, that was good. About a half a bomb. Which George is half a bomb is better than none. That's what you were supposed to write. But nevertheless. 560, 050, 60, pound five, 60, and he Verizon singular wireless line. WDQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. About get it done. Get her done. Get her done. Get her done. Okay, get her done. Okay, you're done. How are you spelling? Who to thunk it? Ha ha ha. I'm trying to spell it. Oh, man. Not to that Chris. It goes to sure the fat people are the funny people. You know, just look at him. You're like, seriously. He's a funny guy. Don't realize you're funny. But you'll see. He's funny. Look. He's halfway there. Oh, no. That was a gratuitously. It was honest. Of course. But it was gratuitously nasty. And that's where you always do that. Well, he hasn't fought me on here. You know, feeling bad about that. He doesn't have a hot girlfriend to come in here and give me a handful of ass. I don't know. He doesn't have a hot girlfriend. Trust me. Or you've seen his girlfriend. I haven't seen no. Of course not. If he had I'd seen her by now. You know what that would be like. It would be like somebody showing you a baby picture. And you say, you know, proud father or mother just had. They just had a baby. And you say, gee, that's the ugliest baby I've ever seen in my life. You just not going to do that. No, you're not. So the fact that you're saying he doesn't have a hot girlfriend. How do you know? Because he doesn't have any. Somebody said the other day he said he was like, so he's working on one. I don't know what he's working on it. I think I don't know what he's working on it. I think I don't know what he's working on it. I think I don't know what he's working on. Nobody closes the deal. Nobody QA. I'm hello. Closes the deal. Yes, sir. Oh, the God. Great. How about that? Who's as a excuse? No, that's a excuse. Any close. Okay, this is a ghost. Yeah. I mean, he sounds like he goes getting a tickled by that. Like what the feather, like what the goose feather or goose down. What is goose down? You know how they make a goose down feathers? Is that all this? Well, why can they just call a goose feathers? Goose down physically. I'm sorry. Is the feathers from the. I'm not getting in the pole. No, I'm not. No, yeah. Don't count your chickens before they had. That's another stupid expression. You know, this, this pulled it even though there's a lot of stupid crap on here. It makes, it makes you realize how condition we are that so much of our lives, at least verbally, it's spent exchanging stupid asset expressions that we hear and we get hooked with them. You know, I just keep saying I'm all over and over again. Am I correct? I think. I'm so, but Robert Greeper, the, the Lord of the Board, the schmuck of the, a, a puck. He's, he's, he's, he's, that one is a, thanks a lot Dave. And the guy's name is Dave Ryder, not really the Dave Ryder radio Dave Ryder. I wonder if he's still alive. I don't know. Dave Ryder that hired me at WI and Z away from WI just news that that's quite a story. WI just news. Because I had in my contract at WNWS that if I stayed, I forget to be in the contract. I got a twenty twenty five thousand dollar bonus. And I stayed till the end of the video. And then after I, you know, I'll see you'll do the deal. And the meantime, I and Z hired me away and I tried to, I had to go to court and Cheryl's ex husband, the judge, Lenny, what was his name? Leonard, I can't think of what his name was. But anyway, we had to have a trial as to whether my noncompetal would hold up in court or I could go to WI and Z. And of course, we won. And we rockblats since the one of his funky attorneys in there to, you know, argue my case, the judge, Lenny, or you came up with his name? No. Whatever you drive and he buzzed has to pay. Let me mark 10. I can't think of what his name was. Some Jewish guy. Well, I don't know. You know, Cheryl was married to him. You know, he was Jewish and he had a lot of money. That wasn't rippkin. Leonard Rippkin. And that's, well, what do you say like that? Yeah, Leonard Rippkin. No, he has two easy. Because that's the, that's the, that's the. That was the last thing. All the time we knew her. That's before her latest Jewish wealthy. Thousand three votes now. Now you can turn this thing. Now all over the place. One more. I share it. Thousand three votes. I mean, nothing that's a big deal. It's pretty weak. As a matter of fact. And the good part, I'm sure. A hundred and nineteen points. Six percent. Hate to pull. Let's not too bad for this crowd to this very, Ancy hostile crowd. All right. Now maybe you can tell me about Sonic. Because I already got like 75 emails from one of my correspondence on here about Sonic was, you know, panic to find out. It's like the godfather thing, right? See, there are a lot of these well kept secrets. And there's places around. It just like the thing with crystal there on power line and sunrise of the guy called yesterday. Remember? Remember every six months we bring that up. And how many people really know that? How many people are really horny for his little burgers from crystal? No. If there's one around, you might have to drive 40 miles to get there. And the same thing with Sonic. I don't even, it was Sonic like a W kind of like a drive in, drive through. That's right. That's exactly right. I mean, you could get out. They had the little tables on the outside, but it was a car hop kind of thing. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't think it was that far. Oh man. Yeah, all these is Chicago places by the way. No, there'll be a pizza for like 75 bucks. And listen, no problem, man. And better be a really good pristine shape when it gets through too. Now, what is this thing here? It says hopefully this helps someone share this when I first started out. What is this about? I'm sorry. I fact that page before I realize that there were nine other pages coming behind it. Oh, no. Oh, no. This is the glossary of all the term, yeah. Yeah. And escorted reviews and message board postings like GFA. All of it. We don't even get to be on C. So look, look, I can't read most of these on the other. No, you can't. But the good thing is, it's a condom. Isn't that sweet? Yeah. I got some good clarification about the girlfriend experience. Did you? Yeah. And can you like narrow it down and on the earth? Absolutely. As opposed to the normal mechanical kind of interaction that you might have with your brother. Around the world, I better not read with that. Don't. You know, where they just come and do their business and leave. The girlfriend experience involved somebody that will actually pretend to be your girlfriend. She'll talk to you kiss you. You know, so it's a more fulfilling encounter, I guess. Yeah. So there it is. But I have another angle. It's called WEE, the wife experience. That's where they don't have sex with you. But they do take your money and then have sex with one of your friends. Ha ha ha ha ha. All right. Excellent. ATM. Why can't we that on here? Well. Okay. So I didn't realize we just an act on him. I thought it was a place where you stuck your card and you got something valuable. But nevertheless. Okay. Moving right along. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Yeah. And I'm trying to think of what the hell the food was that we had a shift in. Was it some kind of bagels, maybe this was in Sarasota 1973. So it's 32, 34 years ago. See what I was talking about the other day. And all you punk stuff there, anybody under like 35. You know, to me, your punk is a bad word. But you're punk, you know, all you young whippersnappers. There's another one. Young whippersnappers. Now stupid thing that old fart say. I still want to know what old whippers. That's all to me for I'm never going to be an old fart. I mean, kind of few of we know. But I'm not old fart. I don't want to get like that. Not that I'm some young. I mean, I was as far as a cardboard box when I was 20. So what do you know this is a make? At least having consistent. Mm-hmm. But I just don't want to be like out of touch with, you know, the mainstream humanity. What I just want to know what a whipper is. Snappen what happens on your snap. If you whipper, snapper. All right. That's for your look person and for him. I have no idea what I was going to talk about. Oh, what is it? I'm so excited women and other countries as well, Al Goodman gets to the heart of the matter coming up next. Aren't or in the scene this is the same old American uptightness. And by anything else do with the body or sex rating like, Oh, G is unclean. And then evercrow me in fish catalog, yeah, whether off set because Allah is hot looking the young people, or in the evercrow me in fish catalog. And most of us look at the mirror of this flag and this fat, like, ah, it's easy. You know? That's what they're upset about. And probably because they're getting aroused as all hell by looking at it. And who the hell who's alive wouldn't be getting aroused by the evercrow me in fish catalog. And there's something there for everybody. And they're all legal, baby. They're all legal. If you like some grabs it and do something good with it, that's my suggestion. Get jiggy with it. Oh, so what's the, that's another stupid expression. Get jiggy with it. Huh? With it. Not with it. With it. Isn't that how it goes? Get jiggy with it? With it. That will Smithman. He just makes me want our cock on. Turn your right now. In fact, keep with the cock I'm leaving. All I get on is you. You're going to get jiggy with it. Yeah, you're getting jiggy with it. You're going to get jiggy without it pretty soon if you don't cut the cramp. Prop 48 a Q a m. Don't forget you want to Q m street 13. I keep reading this promo, but it's kind of like, I don't know. It is what it is. No one to two, that's not a two with the Verizon Wireless store. 100 South American Boulevard downtown. I mean, stop by to win prices. Get all the grass from the heat dancers. So what were you just telling me about the Sonic again? What's the big deal? It's a burger joint. It's a car, but it just happened to be really good. Like, you could get a bacon cheese burger and it was on them. Like, they had bread options. And I know that doesn't mean a whole lot to you, but you could have like a toasted sour dough slices. Two thick slices of toasted sour dough bread. Instead of the traditional bun, for example, the bacon was nice and thick and was good on there. And another one was like good, good, good, good, good hardy food and they, of course, yeah, hardy isn't Tampa. Well, they have a few. But I also shroom burgers, man. I say, I love them shroom burgers. I like hardy a lot too. Bacon shroom burgers and hardies. So you go up north to the south and they have the Sonic's or everywhere. And they're great. Well, there's one there in North Miami, I guess. North Miami? This is what I'm getting here from my buddy online is giving me. He went on. He got so excited by that previous. If the pre-work, whoever's going to tell me is, I need to give me like a what for, okay? Let me know exactly where this one put on here so something might find it. I'm just making sure they don't go there whenever anybody else wants to go. So it's not too overcrowded. And we do have a W here, but it's in the mall. Like in the Eaton Center, one of the food courts in a small crappy food court. There's an A in W. And still, there's still some of the same stuff. You know, the pop of burger and mama burger and the team burger and the baby burger and whatever. The dead burger. It's okay. And it's not like what you call great fast food cuisine, but it's okay. It's edible. WM Food Line. Hello. Good day, Mr. Rogers. Good day. Not on that. You have this one already, but it drives me nuts. No skin off my back. Yeah, no skin off my back. We're no skin off my ass. Right. It was really something. No one too. Okay. It's pali so skin off my ass. I would prefer putting an ass on there as opposed to back because I'm, you know, perverted and old, you know, whatever. Fag. Well, I mean, wouldn't you rather put ass on the pull as opposed to back? No skin and I never heard anybody say no skin off my back. You do. Yeah, but most of the time we say off my ass. You know, the person's waiting on the menu. There's plenty there. Anybody want some? I mean, I could use a little, you know, little chop chopper. Yes. WQA and hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. I call you from Syracuse from time to time. I got a good one for your pull. Yes, sir. Get her done. Get her done. I thought we did that one already. Get her done. Saw my no votes. It sounded with no votes. Well, you better go vote for it, pali. Get her done. Okay. Get her done now. Oh. Get her done. I'm probably the farmer say that. You know, when got to go milk the cows, you know, get her done. You know, either being. Yeah. And I'm going to go around the house and find my wife. Get her being. What is disgusting thought that is for those people. I mean, for some people, it might be a very erotic thought. But for those people, let's say, grow test and horrendous thought. I mean, like to think that those people are reproducing. That's the problem. Maybe forced sterilization is what we need. They can do all the hecky spanky. They want. I don't want to be proud. Anybody have their happiness. But geez, Louie's no more, I'm making no more babies with them. People with that crowd that red, necky, in red crowd. Okay. Let's see what this says. It says, oh, yeah. Boca boxes and small potatoes. I mean, that's not the same. That's a, I mean, you know, small potatoes. It wasn't what I just made a name Mr. Roth. I don't know why. He just need just luck. We just got through with the thing where we're Frankie Pintangeli. Can you give your loyal being to a Jew before you? I'm glad. That's right. Small potatoes is both about well, I try. I haven't rocked to be very proud. But I would say. The board goes back. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. You know, for a poll that they claimed they hated like poison to be even the show. See, leave it to me. Leave it to this old flag that teach them that they liked it. You know what I'm saying? Because they're running to begin the show. I said to them. He like it. And his own, oh, no. Ha ha ha ha. Beech of that time. Yeah, it is. I got the quickest finger in the North. Baby, let me take it right. But I heard. Yeah, believe me. Go, no. Well, we'll see. W to Q a m. Hello. Hello. Mr. Mill. Yes, sir. How are you? Who is it? This is a man busy as a three-legged bird dog in the cuve of 12. Yeah. And. Oh, that was it. Okay. I'm out waiting because I was positive there. I would have had to be more because he sounded so. He sounded so authoritative and so pleased to be on the radio to share his ex-heal. He's a good boy. I'm so pleased to be on the radio to share his ex-heal. He's a good boy. So pleased to be on the radio to share his ex-heal. Would you like to share something? Ah. W to Q a m. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I got a couple for you. Okay. Five will get you 10. No, no. And that would be fine. I won't. Five dollars to get you 10 set. It would be fine. Yeah. Maybe that's what they meant by that. Five will get you 10 set. Yeah. Okay. Got a pal. See. Yeah. Sure, take a look. How long have you must have on that feather again? First the feather was in his cap and then it was to be in the back dome. Got in his place somewhere because he was just tickled with that for that. It was okay. It was, you know, well, not maybe the greatest call in the history of the human race. Seriously. Well, when is the last time we did anything like this that's had this kind of response. I mean, it's probably only 75 million super express. But when is the last time? And now, are you going to find out where that damn sonic was? I'll, I'm sure I'll get the information. Yeah. I'm not going to, huh? I mean, I'm not going to drive a lot. I'm going to tell you right now I'm going down to my amigo finds sonic. Not. But those would see that's another thing. Like adventure car hop and saw this mess. I told you, are any warning from our, are any woo, woo, woo, get and not are any warning? Are the Ginsburg from WMX and Boston, he owned that. Adventure car hop. Anyway, great place on the way to rocking and park to lose our money back when I was in Boston in the early 60s. Always with stop at Adventure car hop. And it was, those were great the old car hops. Am I right? Yeah. No, I like the A and W's to go to all the time. And in some of those places, the girls would come out on roller skates. That's right. Am I right? Yes. And of course, then when they would trip and fall and trade would go flying and all your food on the ground, it wasn't quite so cute when the food would go flying. And those, some of those hetero guys got to look up her dress while she was flopping. That's right. Whatever. That's right. Over that change. Sarah, over there. She just took a slip and fall and all the food and flying, but look at that. You know, back though. Yeah. That's what it looks like to me. But never left. So we are really kicking a big fat window. We'll find out where that sonic is. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if George takes the whole family out this week in the Sonic. Ha ha ha ha ha. I'll pay if one was close by you. And you know, though, I'm going to find out for you. Is North Miami's not like a million miles from Hollywood where you are for Christ's legs, would you go down down? No, but still. Last time I looked at Christ, whatever his name is, Josh Cortes, hadn't put no stories up. Where are you Josh? Yeah. So you know that check. I was thinking about for Josh that occasionally I said, I'm going to just in a good mood. You know, send a wish. I shop, Josh. You've got an easy payable that you snap all bananas for their show segments. Like that one to two hour. This court finds you. Jumpy, I don't tell you. You're fairing for this. Burning jail. Where is the part in the need of the most? I can't believe this. I can actually go to jail. I'm in jail. Because Scooter may have been his totally toast. Ah crap. Not working for you. They're right. They said he's guilty all the way. He lied him out. Who's wrong? I'm afraid. And we just need to see him go. Not happy, aren't you? So the sunlight just together too warm. The whole story was like a safe life. How the Burton's dry high while we're getting poor. We'll never be able to afford my signature. But shen, shen, shen, you must have been high. To think we left them, ruin our lives. And we just need to see them go. Let me hide a bad day. Scooter's from my mouth. Keep the fences on, but they'll pick it out. This way you are cold. Cheating sends a mic. There won't go a down, because they all did that spy. You'll never say we've been fleering lies. Don't feel on them, tell them you can change you to a time. You'll be a self-made. Oh, right. You'll shoot with the face. Uh-huh. 101 and 560 WCM. It's our award-winning gigantic one to two. Let me just take a look and see. Now, maybe I'm picking on Josh Cortis needlessly. But I think he probably did. Was he, you know, he posted the stories and he forgot to hit the button. Whatever. No, there's nothing on there. There's nothing on there. And work, work, can he be working? Not being? Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Then it texted. And say, hey, you jackass. You just blew a nice fat check down the drain. Because you need to do a new job. I mean, wouldn't it make sense for him to like to double check after we does? I just just see if they're on here. Like, oh, yeah, unless there's all them 20 stories in the same year or sometime, 8 or 9 or 10, or only 7 or 8 on the weekends, you know, because I don't want to overwork his fat ass. But nevertheless, we do the best we can. How should this year recommend you to him in John Conner's today? Yes, I'm sorry. Well, whatever. Send a letter to US Attorney General Alberto Vio Fadganzallas demanding answers to allegations that he may have advised the president to shut down an investigation of the White House's domestic wiretapping surveillance program because of his involvement with the program. It would be an extraordinary abuse of authority if he would advise the president on this matter. I've heard learning that your own conduct was to be investigated. Conner's wrote. Rothstray reported earlier yesterday in a statement released by Senator Russ Fangold that his president or concerns about the reports concerning the attorney general's possible rule in blocking an investigation which he may have been a target. I'll write. Put him all in jail through a way to key. Conner's also issued a statement about ABC News reports of emails looking Carl Roe to the US Attorney firing scandal. These latest reports have toured our proof positive that lower level officials in the district department are being hung out to dry so the statement this goes all the way to the top of the district department and the senior White House stand. Conner's question of the truthfulness of testimony given to the US Congress by the Justice Department and but it would be put in the office of the public and they would be able to see the public and it would be a very clear statement. I'm sorry, I should have read the letter. I'd turn up on the area. My 60. Con 50. We were fine. We're so pleased. When you're not going to anyone. Chris found out he looked. The one is in Naples. Now that is not true. Really? Because I'm on their website and I put in for the closest one within 150 miles of my email. I'm going to email here to my office. I'm going to email you. I'm going to email you. I'm going to email you. I'm going to email you. I'll be from somebody who said there's a son of Canadian to get the guy. They must be drinking something because go to the Sonic website. Close this one in the west coast. The closest one is on the west coast. Correct. Are you sure? Well, we'll get to the bottom of that before this hour is out. I'm going to tell you right now. Right. We'll get to the bottom of the sonic dilemma. We'll find out what intersection it's supposed to be at. It's a strange arrangement. WK, that's the QAN hello. It's the same kind of checkers. So I don't think there's any sonic down here. No way. No way. Checkers down here. You have this trouble checker down there. You got it. Okay. I have a say how the down deliways. I'll checkers. Well, this is a real dilemma that we got in the middle of now all of a sudden. Like one minute one guy saying one thing and then the next minute I'm getting the message yet. There was one. I found he did a, he did a, he did a, he did a, some kind of a search. And Chris of course, who's to anything has to do with food he searched in for it with both hands. WQA and sonic line. Hello. Yes sir. What's going on? How you doing? Love in the show today. Of course. Pretty confident on you. Well, you got pali. Nothing. Okay. Pretty confident on our to. Ah, yeah. In your case, I'm sure you're like it because what else you're going on? I have no love. Nothing. Yeah, this is turned into a real mystery. Now real dilemma, the sonic thing. You know, one minute I'm hearing. One minute. And the next minute I'm hearing. Another thing. And then probably a couple minutes. I don't know. So I, if everybody in Dave Kelly or even all of us outflow to hit out for sonic tonight. Just start looking for different stuff in every street quarter and say, don't they is sonic? Don't they is WQA and hello? Yes sir. Good morning. If you watch on this pan, the Valerie plane says the money. Old people should be brought to the far end squad. Yeah. Okay. Well, we know that. It's old news. WQA and hello. Yes sir. I can't believe it's been an hour man. Nobody's given you the real definition of the GSE. Yes. It's a code word man. Yeah. The code word. The girl will do a monocleointee without a condom. They said. What was that nice? Okay. Well, I was that on the sheet you had there that gave you all that information. Here I know. I never got that far. Thank you Steve. We got it here. North Miami 149. 75 West six you highway. What a guy. So now we need an agent to go over there. And order up a bacon cheeseburger. North Miami 149. 75 West six you highway. Well, I think I think we got to like, say them a bill or something. Because you know the power of the show back when we used to have an audience back when people used to hit. Let's let me so on. I remember those days. Wasn't that long ago, man? Till Joe Bell came to town. What does that Peggy Eddon feel to get with no teeth? The child. Oh, the child lived in the same mobile home park as the suspect. Oh, mobile home park. See trailer trash. See what I'm saying. I don't want to knock everybody lives in a trailer park. But Josh says the story's been up there. What city was that also? What what are you talking about? One 49 75 West. Dixie Highway North Miami. Okay. What are you questioning now? I got that information from my main man on there. My number one course from the viewers. And the early calendar. You're questioning. Have you heard? No, he's not an eagle. He was illegal. Aliah. Oh, you never know. What am I looking for? Oh, I'm looking for the stories are not there. Well, if they are, then he must have posted them with yesterdays or something like that. See, the stories may be there. But the stats are just not showing up on it. I don't know. And you know what? I'm sorry that I even mentioned. Sorry, Josh. And you're still not getting no check. What did he say? What did he say? What did he get? What did he get? He said he got no check and then he came back. And here he is now. And he says I checked in the rupt there. Yeah. But what about on the stats? Did you show us no stories? It shows no stats. He said that about his. How big are you? He says it does on his. It's your stats on your page for today? Yes. It's about 660. That's the 1077. This doesn't show any story where anybody doesn't even show anybody. Get out of here. I saw a gaslight man and you've got to be kidding me. Boring moving.. It was great. Yeah, there's no sonic on that address either. Well, what does that mean? Oh, this is turning into a mess. How do you know there's no sonic on that address? Yeah, have a store locator button. You put any address or even just like a town and how many miles away from that address And it tells you where the closest ones are Maybe maybe it's subsonic Maybe a super sonic Yeah, that would be a shame if people started wasting their time going there and like it come to find out it wasn't there. Maybe it's a decoy, you know That's right somebody's waiting there to mug something else there maybe there's one of those hot to go's left over from the Pepsi people Wasn't it Pepsi was it coke? I think was Pepsi wouldn't Don't recall they stared at the hot to go because they were pissed off because the other chains were only doing Coca-Cola coke instead of Pepsi and so is as the way of rebuilding we're gonna show you guys a thing or two We're gonna put all you fast food guys out of business so they open up those hot to go They were so hot and they did go they were guys and go away Pepsi has lots of businesses like Taco Bell and KFC for example Miguel said he's gonna go check for us Check for you one. It's gonna go drive over to the address He's gonna drive over to that address to see if the sonic is really there. Well, that would be quite a good Better do they're damn few stations in America that would do that for you Or they have the promotions guy go and drive over to see if they're really a such a place And we're big time here Huh, we're big time we can maybe that was out there information at my buddy found on the internet There that could be it. I mean just because it's on the internet. It might have been there 75 years ago It might have been there when George Washington was a baby for all we know But we'll I'm a girl's gonna go right over there and check that to me sounds like that Not far from where the well now it says up to three a few blocks because I used to live there in in twin likes racking club I'm 441 and 100 and I want to say 51 right by the way your golden blades interchange back when they were like 10 or 20 white people live in that neighborhood and part of time I mean, I'm just I'm just saying it like it is you know Not for the same thing wrong with that but that part of town is kind of changing them graphics in the intervening years Ericsies yes the stories were posted with the wrong date for some reason. You won't see the stats until tomorrow I don't really care what the stats are all that much is just that if I don't see anything on there to me I start getting panicking like that you know me Yeah, just like that because I think oh, eras what's his name? Giants didn't put them up there at all. So they are on there somewhere just look around you'll find some crap Just like the Sonic thing if it's not right where we told you was just keep looking around you'll find one So I guess what what we found some you found some one Their website you have to like check different things and if you check everything to the club there's one on 15 20 North Miami North Wait a minute, so there's a bunch of Sonic's around and we have four down in a big county for you We have one I'm sorry three hundred Kansas So we have 15 20 North Maine Miami North what never mind the sights all messed up North you mean or yeah, I'm such before they're giving us a local home analysis You know, this is turned into a real Picking up poke to go back to the original topic today you're poking the pig. Yeah poking it I mean what are you talking about Hey, I'm just looking at this I thought you just said you found one, okay, and where does it say Miami? It says like I clicked on it Miami Ohio. Yeah. It's like Miami Ohio Miami Kansas everything else We're not giving us anything for four to right now, so we'll keep checking This has become a little I don't think I can emotionally deal with this I mean ask me if I care to where we can care. No, it would be nice for the audience to find out nice for everybody to find out I mean don't be so Miguel is really on his way over there to that location see if there really is a sign Apparently it's what he said that now that is special thanks Miguel you're the best man That is really I guarantee you the guys across the street are gonna be doing that you can be damn sure It's the Rosenstein-Crancberg's shorts. He ain't doing that They're sitting around fat and sassy now. We're gonna that big trend We had it and it wasn't so big first of all and believe me and ain't gonna happen again. I do you Hi there bothered by those pesky religious fanatics Excuse me have you made peace for the ultimate Supreme being Yes, you could try blowing them up Pardon me sir, but did you know that your moral soul is in danger But think of the mess not to mention those legal fees That's why we at Lincoln labs have developed your whole way the clean simple way to rid yourself of those annoying accolades Jesus I know She Where are we what are we doing here? Oh, man. I got to get a life Yes, your whole way proven safe and effective and for those annoying encounters at the airport It's new travel size to hold away Christmas Okay, we're gonna get the stupid clothes and My hair yes, your whole the way little spray that keeps fanatics away look for the pest control section of your local hardware store Okay, 18 at 560 WCM they mystery continues I want on the sonic thing myself just that curiosity and I typed in Miami Florida and anywhere There's no nowhere within 10 miles a quarter of that then we get this fact from Tracy Okay, but one of our regular friends who says I don't know the exact address But there's a sonic burger on biscuits and North of downtown just south of the new times building have a great day YouTube crazy So there's two sonics that we got here and you know we get better check it out The one in North Miami of 149 75.6 you're hotling I mean it's entirely possible that you know, maybe they disappeared Maybe these are new locations again possible or or not as the case may be but I will say this At least got us off those stupid the crazy season expressions that we're getting 80 million phone calls about What was it on this game? Doesn't have an address. She says there's a sign for you are really something because there's a checkers on 1650 bits cane boulevard Yeah Maybe they're seeing checkers and thinking it's sonic because you know as we all know Tracy's not all there What does that mean? I think it's confusing crazy with Tammy. Oh, I apologize And I apologize trace. He's a sweetheart for you has been nice no one you man But you got 10 female listeners and friends about eight of them. I got you an IQ larger than their thumbnail and he's ripping Tracy I think they're both gonna come over and kill him cool good She said this is sonic burger on biscuit and just know that downtown just have a new times building we'll find out from this crowd W Q a and hello Speaking Yeah, I thought you can't make it Yeah, we're done when I crap. Okay W Q a and hello Hey, how you doing okay, sir? There is a sonic on south west 104 street just 104 street south west just east over the US one the middle area that is correct Maybe Josh calls information and says give the red as the phone number to sonic on south as on an fourth street names crazy. You may get it You may get it Okay, thanks, pal. You got it. Okay, there you go call up 411 if you've been hit a land Take your finger off the food they call it finger food. He's fingering it Take the finger off food long enough to stick it in the phone or call 411 as for sonic where did he say? 104th where ever where he said Me me or something maybe there's a bunch of them and they just aren't on their website Yeah, maybe they just just sprung open maybe they replaced somebody old checkers with sonic. See something Right, I mean this guy sounds like he had an IQ larger than this thumbnail I mean sound legit sound legit to me. He sounded like a human being right W Q a and hello Is it Neil? It is Neil. How you doing? I've been listening to you guys for 20 years. I love the show. Excellent good taste Hey, the closest sonic I know of is in Arcadia Extend you're in Arcadia. There's a good one there. That's where the nuthouse is too Hey, yeah one more thing. Yeah Holy shit my homies. I fuck Yeah, right a good blizzard or two by the way not I even hit it again. This is where you on the safe side. We all did oh, yeah Anyway, so we got Tracy with the one and then Steve said is one and we're finding and this other guy said is one and Kimmel I think there's a sonic and every street corner if you ask me I sure hope at least it's like see as one of those things. You know like you're hoping it's like he used to be Yeah, that's really good people right all the effort to find it. W Q a M hello Yeah, yes, sir the one that's on dick the highway 140 something or another wrong gone gone about eight hundred years now really yeah It became a You make in place you know how the neighborhood is oh, yeah, but you could tell anything that's good in South Florida It doesn't last that is satisfactory look at flood rockers look at Somebody at the chain. Oh, Rb of hearty do know a raise right on Uh-huh, you know, so yeah, I could that one goodbye I know there's one of four peers there's one in Naples See it's not for you they can only have things that you can't even gum you can't you have to don't you have teeth to eat them Well, let's just go and get the next blender that's on cell as RJ. Okay. Take care Yeah, Apple sauce doing how about to take out Apple sauce to be good. Ooh, oh, oh, oh, much Yeah, you don't have to build a drive-for-day. The senior citizens will build one for you everything that you can go over there You could have apples sauce. Oh, so I'm a little bit sexy. Hi, I would be wasted my time going over there Because this guy said it's long gone like like so many other good things in South Florida Used to be what video they probably bailed. I just like I did So that one's gone, but then we got the one in Kendall there. You know, and then you call up He's on the phone now is on the phone right now. Good and the address and finding out the exact location if there really is a sonic burger You'll hear it first right here man Are you sure Well, what makes out in week I was set of Monday with a 1500 and some out votes and just about shattered the I mean shattered the world record And now today we got this sonic business. Okay, which quite frankly didn't everybody think that they were long gone I was a story Chris you like yeah, four one one has no son-exlisted at all in date or Broward County Well, that's that That Well, I must think I talked about Tracy's about this one here. Maybe people are remembering sonics that were there You know, you're a guest today. I mean talk about fuck rockers, you know, right, but these are people who live there see Like Tracy and she lives in this guy to call me decent handle. Yeah, so Kendall a 104th I drive Kendall a lot. I don't remember seeing a sonic at all And you know this man would remember a sonic if he saw Oh, I had a pilot we guys to go to the canes out. Oh, I'll check 104th in Kendall Well, when girls are well, hey McGell you better time to forget about it, but bring me back a bacon cheese burger anyway Oh, man bring one back from the A and W What a shame, you know, here we got everybody all whipped up with all we we'd be hit our our finger on it So to speak focus as they have them in Orlando well, let's go to Orlando. I'm on my way now QAM hello Yes, sir, what about the big one that got away? Okay, W QAM hello A meal yes, there is no Sonic and bigality just like you just said, bro. I drive all over the county every single day There's no Sonic that was there in West City highway. It's left in 1997 I 97 brother sorry man love you Neil thanks for the bad news pal. Thanks So there you go, we're doing a little investigate to a work on here. We're saving some people a lot of ground run Wouldn't be something to make your plans to like go have dinner there or something to night and then you drive over there And it's like a big empty lot I don't know I'll tell you what else I wonder if it's still there. You know what's that done? There was the first McDonald's in Florida Right on a biscuit boulevard. I know what you're talking about with the emergency Very famous diner that was been there for a zin years and they're both gone right the brown derby What are you talking about making it Joe? You know the diner I'm talking about yeah, it's very famous place and then the McDonald's There was the first one in the state and I had actually gone through there You know gone through the wrap through a few times 100 years ago and that's long gone And you're telling me that's not interesting Reministic about the places that are gone at least we at least we do a cubic service until the audience don't go there It's not there no mal don't go there man You're wasting your time and you're very expensive gasoline and thank you Mr. President for that very inexpensive Vaseline so we misunderstood We thought that the guy was saying thank you for the low or prices on gasoline and it's Vaseline That's right because that's what this is most of the Nazis are doing it was on don't turn five pages of sonic maps from university dodgy maniacs What does that mean why are they doing that? What do you need to lie? Because they can no more so one of the maps to tell you not here They don't exist the closest one is like in the Orlando Melbourne No, how Distressing and depressing everybody was all whipped up into a frenzy about this it was like all good times baby good times I'm gonna play that thing just piss you off And there ain't no sonic no mole. Well Just like that song by billwitters ain't no sunshine anymore remember that depressing billwitters He'd lean on me and he was depressing like Bobby Goldsbrook All those suicide records, you know and if you and if they weren't about suicide when they listened to me wanted to commit suicide 26 times one so there's no sonic Any mole on the girls does he's turning around if I'm a girl sorry. Thank anyway, pal. I Say we gas the gas pasta almond like you got like Miguel. I mean, no, he's a good guy, but he can't afford to be wasted half a decade Gas just to drive down there and see oh that used to be here like what did I say 10 years ago? He's probably an equivalent He's probably sitting in the parking lot with some hot chick who's not his wife. Oh, I'm sorry. That's I that was a bad idea 27 Oh 27 past one at five 60 W QA Was it you heard me I was busy looking for some of their excuse me to be sorry They holding This town was a lie They even had three grades There were links to applaud Roy In day but the old far-clawking dead at the power to left JoJo Just got off the ladder, he'll ride your pride This is the day that my army died That's a new, that's a new year Everyone is on the day to pass For the one who promised for the day, will that Do my abs, and you believe there was a time They had to see knows that how they deal Try to organize the crime But the experiment had failed In the brain did change you down And during the fall of the town Four, three, two, three, four, three, four To the big guy, four, three I've heard the old Rogers cry Oh well This is the day that my army died I'm pushing a baby Why did you make a claim that you would sell to the young rules I was just pushing a baby Well, punch it again Yeah, the day radio died, how about a sequel That's what I'm talking about And here I thought there was no chance to be anything Oh yeah, I thought that's what Oh yeah, what? Bermany once I found out that those things usually come in night I was hoping at least expect it I see Well anyway, I hit the thing 400 times That's enough to bat Here's a fact that says these guys, these jokers I'm sticking checkers for a son Except that checkers on 104th in Pine Crest Not a son Okay, I have no idea what the one at Oh and Chuck wants Tracy's picture on the website I mean, oh wait Chuck Just leave our listeners alone Okay, quit looking at the list of our listeners Chuck says this is a great fact So from Chuck he says this is really special Last time I ate a son at the content I had a double burger With it This is great With it minutes I had violent diarrhea And had to go to the bathroom The son of only was a drive through Needless to say I went in my pants Thank God they gave me a handful of paper and napkins I drove back then I drove back the next day to ask for my money back And they were closed Says Chuck What a story How's it up to make you up Chuck That's right Well maybe there's maybe there's a blessing In this guy's there you see Right Speaking of stupid cliches It's a blessing in this guy's It's a blessing in this guy's life And then you see I'm not going to be like that Because it will just go right through Like an age bond Like a nuclear weapon in your kishkis Well so there you go Wait we tried And for just a couple of times there For a couple of moments see that Anything really good like that in the food In the area of food man A lot of good stuff that's come to time Now especially fast food things Chains like that And they just you know If it's a lit it all solid But it probably can be around too long Which is kind of sad WDQAM Sonic line hello Yes Oh Neil Yeah I don't listen I know that on nasty blocky said That impeachment was off the table But just here in the start of Mrs. Plains That testimony You know I want to know what's going through the woman's mind The only thing I'm sure is sad But she has no idea how to ever contact Or kill Lord Lord wise And you stand to the damage That call over the rest of the bushman So it's towards this country But her major thing was Weapons and hats are so okay Okay pal I'll call Nancy right now until our pass along you Sir I mean what what what do you want me to do about it sir I mean I don't want to like fix it I mean oh I'm no okay I'll fix it I'm Monday First let's rest up over the weekend Let's drive around looking for Sonic burgers And then must we get a good rest and a good meal Our public then Then we can roll up like rosferoses roll up your screens and do new do lift up the hood That engine and get out the old studies and do new do I think I sonic man he did did did he do did it 2 a.m. hello Yeah listen tell me all that the closest Sonic is in Melbourne Okay, I looked at upon my GPS Your positive now Yes sir I am Okay thank you You want the address I give it to you No, well not where I call the Melbourne I guarantee that Okay thank Close the Sonic is in Melbourne So I get my car right now it's 130 a.m. to noon You can be up there by rush hour time You fill it up and in the way like I said bring up some depends like the astronaut Like the lady astronaut I bring a whole bunch of depends because from what Chuck said it might might be kind of interesting Drive home you know What the QAM hello Hey what's up me on the topic of a restaurant at Trishon in South Florida Yes there is a place called Cheeseburger and parent I said open up in the fashion mall It was right next to bone fish grill which I really don't care much for It had great burgers it was real cheap that I'm using nice atmosphere He was sad about eight months the place is shut down because they shut down the whole fashion mall And I've not heard any plans of the place we're opening so It's another one of the great restaurants that just disappears and it's not for the course man I never go on family Thanks for the bad news man Well I saw four to four you can't complain about the taste in town because the reason You know nothing there aren't any good restaurants left because that would be really a stupid and bad thing to say There are some but a lot of the places that we used to love man long gone long gone food and sonic evidently all gone And let me ask you this Since there's the same ownership why is it that people are getting checkers confused a with sonic like Tracy and I I know they like kind of lay out same kind of sign It says one that says sonic and the only kidding. It's really Yeah, there's building it. They're spelling it wrong. Oh S O K E R S Sokers I'm under how Bob sokers doing remember our good old weatherman Bob soker away from channel 7 Wonder how you doing still fat probably WQAM hello Yes, sir. Yeah, I was talking about son and bird there's a place on Griffin road It's where he has to yove and boulevard is called. Oh, yeah WQAM hello Me, I am yes, you know, I've never heard so much misinformation in my life Checkers and and sonic are not the same company and with checkers and rally that would rally is all rallies Those were the ang checkers's garbage sonic used to be down there used to be a location where you said on North Miami Beach or on On six highway. They used to be one in Gaby On Nova Drive. There used to be one in Kendall and I think there was one in homestead The always the way 360 pounds believe me. I know my junk food Here is that this is a guy we can trust they are long gone since about the mid-90s mid to late 90s They're all gone there and other parts of Florida just like Harvey's is long gone and there are not a parts of Florida Over Florida and why do burger which is also another good chain. They have a Tampa area or land owned panhandle not down here But sonic is long gone from here where they'll ever try to come back. I don't know but this is an area that you know I don't have to tell you you're long gone too. But there's been a lot of misinformation There used to be sonic here. They are gone. Thanks pal. This is the voice and the body of experience Well, I've no longer that quite that body only 260 now. Now congratulations. Yeah, okay. Well, he's probably glad because it sounded to me like he liked sonic and he's glad they're gone because he would Yeah, like with Chris it's good thing that it's not there because Chris would be if that one in Kendall was still open out there You'd be stopping there tonight two three four times. Oh, yeah sure. You want to know you wouldn't be going there I mean I went there a couple times. I was like a push. I went out of my way to go to Oh, oh, I'll trade ah Tracy and Kendall says thanks Chris. I was wrong. I was thinking sonic but his checkers We'll still have you Tracy the best probably. I was gonna shoot it. It's an amazing how we're getting misinformation from some of our most trusted correspondence today, which is of course, which is good because it's helped to kill a whole hour here But no mole. You might like sonic but they're not round no mole just like him. No mole And what else just happened there or also mean I knocked the thing that's really good vision line again. I hate when I get so animated Then I just just playing on that thing and knock it off the you know I was thinking my rules you way I stay at home and still and they got a measure and say I said way to make a risk stir because it was so much we can do I think life will search and all be the only thing for you I'm certain that I'm a fighting over the right I'm certain that I'm a fighting cute I don't have a dot I don't have to go and pay the shots I don't have the word. I don't know boldness around my thighs I just like the light was such a you know, I'm a brand man Look up the Hoover. Put the fan out of splash and kill Set the bat up with my hearing You can set the belly of me Set the bat up with my hearing Hey hey hey So where you ran on me Let's go to check it out with that all the time So anyway sonic forget about it. It's long gone Even sonic and they didn't know sonic and brown Ain't no sonic and Palm Beach. Ain't no sonic No more anywhere near any of you folks unless you listen You know listen on the internet No drop out today All right Let's see here's an email on my my space from somebody said Jordan knows Juno's east and the others are all okay to break good But loo malnades and Do a are the best of the best Loo malnades and pizza rea do a Since like we were the people who said that pieces of do a and do your runners can be inconsistent But they're not malnades is consistently good It says don't go name the suburban locations which are essentially franchises and we're quality can be very wildly to put it mildly Wildly to put it mildly always go to the mother church location to get the real thing. Thanks very much Whoever said that in full end. So the deal is the real deal the real deal no punches food is Lou Malnades and pizza rea do-way Uno do like three pizza get three and pizza rea quadro and yadi ady Arayana your mama So that was pretty exciting about all that sonic stuff Yes, it was but mystery solved boy we're like the scoofy do gang Yeah Oh man Chris Aomas That's a go any Yeah, that's what I thought you said well at least we got off this stupid thing with these clichs is anything that was a great, it was a great sonic art, it was supersonic. That's the way I would look at it when you say a little bit. I'm positive that I never ate there. You know, I'm just, I mean, I know what it looked like because I remember having seen him what back in the day, you know, when I was there when I was forced to be there. But I am just positive, I never ate there. $1,99 vote, I'm not going to end W after the show, but I doubt it. Well, they have the diet, root beer now, right? They do. Well, they saw it in the story, it's them, they would at the restaurant. In W, you may have died root beer. Well, yeah, I think they're real supermarkets. I don't really go to the real supermarket that often. I have two with and very easy walking visits at our once so lazy, but it's just so much easy go to luck here. That's why they call it convenience store. And is everything is priced, trippily ordinary and price. And you don't have to go too far. Lazy. The dumbest expression that people say is, I hate this pulls down to 18.8% let's hear it. I'm bad. I hate this full toy. Well, our goal was to get under 20% which was really scandalous and obnoxious. Two shakes of the lame still, 120. Well, that would be good to order at Sonic, two shakes and a lame. That's right. If they have that. I didn't have great milkshakes, too. I don't recall ever having one there. I thought that's one of the things they were really famous for it. I'm not sure. What do you say Chris? Chris never went to Sonic. Did you? Yeah, a couple of times. You didn't. You don't sound too excited about it. Well, the shakes is a bit of steak in shake. I don't think I ever had a shake there. The shakes at steak in shake are absolutely phenomenal. Phenomenal. Not good. Sensational. Okay. Who the fuck is? This is a guy early in the week. He was kissing my fany so bad. Talk about that bit I just played. I mean, I was like losing weight from it. A pig in a poke 89 never stole a freight train 78 and I think of Peter Paul Mary sing freight train freight in lunch alone that song freight train. You got it? I look for it. Well, I love that song. I mean, a lot of other people recorded it, but the way they do it. Way they did everything. Peter Paul and Harry. Never stole a freight train 70 in a cool day 72. You don't have it. Oh, freight train. Frey train. I'll sing it. Look at these foot 60. Uh oh. A feather in your camp 50. That is a Cornell 50. I never heard a dumb expression 44. 44 people just don't ever get out of the house. They never interact with other people. Not a bad idea sometimes. You know what I mean? 32. What do you mean? First time caller long time. Listen to 31. You go girl 24. I hate when they say that to me. You go girl. Dumbness. Dirt 22 at the end of the day 18 back in the day 18 in your heart hearts 16 as the crow flies 16. I wonder if the crow flies right near your heart of hearts. Why sure hope it doesn't pierce it? What my whistle 16? Thanks for taking my call 14. I despise when they say thank you for taking my call and always say the same sarcastic thing. Thank you for making your call and goes right over the head. You know, because it's even definitely their sand. Uh, a hopscape in a jump 14 sounds very to me. How's given a jump my ass? Moving along. I'll hang up an Allison 12 walk off home one 11 walk off home run ridiculous. He died an untimely death nine. I'd much rather die a timely death. Get her done a get her done a sharp as a marble eight. Not for nothing seven good to go seven. I'd have to go but good to go. You shouldn't Schmidt were you eat four who to thunk it for who did it to Huda? Make it snap before is the Pope Catholic three pack your patience three. Your patience that's like shopping at Best Buy you know When one situation to have your cake and eat a two a two had your cake and eat a two two It is what it is to you are what you are and it is what it is in the mix to I heard that one and none for no skin off my ass hot to trot by hooker by crook or if you were in my shoes. If you are shoes we both have corns I think either way I look at it. You got corns. 1996 so in other words one by the time we come back when we aren't really coming back 1103 now came in just a big chunk came flying in there now and how about that super duper Tuesday February fifth next year they are all these states going to be voting on Tuesday super duper Tuesday California Missouri and all the Arkansas Oklahoma and New Mexico and Idaho and whatever that are Utah. Wow. Now you're saying and Barack Obama's got a kick-and-and-she's going to clean up at that point in Hillary. Hillary, you should be sulking in the corner you watch. Good. Like an old washer woman. She'll go off in the corner with her pale and the big thing about so fly my hood. The big thing about so fly my hood. No no and Now What can everyone And in pictures she makes so much noise. Oh, my god. What's all it is? My dog. She's getting like stupid. I think she needs to write it around like a Versanica if he asks me. She will go up on it. Give her a 8-0 song. 8-0 song. 8-0 song. 8-0 song. She wants to drink and smoke and dance there. Oh, no, no, no. She doesn't sound weird. No, no, no. Oh, my god. My dog is still... Oh, I'm scared of my dog. My baby, my baby. My baby, my baby. My baby, my baby. Bye, bye, bye.