The Elijah God. Good morning, Americans. It's Paul's RV. Stand by for news. Bill and his wife, Buffy, were sitting in church. Bill sleeping, Buffy, knitting. The priest asked who created the earth and man. A Buffy poked Bill with her knitting needle and Bill screams, God. The priest looked at him and said, that's right. Many asked who is God's son. One's more. Buffy poked her husband, Bill. With her needle, he screamed, Jesus, again, the priest said, correct. Finally the priest asked, what did he say to Adam when she didn't want any more children? Well, Buffy poked her husband, Bill again, but this time he screamed, poked me with that thing one more time and I'm going to rip it off. The priest said, that's right. Paul's RV. Good day. Good day. Oh, that's cute. Anyway, it's 10.15. 16 WQM. Do I sound okay? I sound just fine. Nice. Yeah, you sound okay. Don't ask. Don't answer too many words though. First of all, sound good. You're both so loud. I think fixed it screwed it up. He was supposed to cut it back or something. And instead, you're both so loud, man. Really loud. You've got things cranked up or something? I don't know how to sound now. Huh? Hello? Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. This is going to be fun boys and girls for hours of this. At least yesterday we had a ball game. Yeah, it's just a four hour test. Is that what it is? That's what it is. Hello, this is a test. Hmm, and then of course tomorrow we had another ball game. But supposedly tomorrow morning, the local engineers coming in before the show. Because they keep insisting that it's on this end. And yet, you guys, and then I'd say that before you're so loud. And it's just not, it's not, it's not, it's the, in fact now I'm hearing the echo. Do you hear the echo? Can you hear it? No, I don't hear it. I hear it echo. So everything is all screwed up. All is after what do you expect when fix it is running around there when they've taken a screwdriver? Everything's going to get screwed up when fix it's running around. Huh? Nice here, do though. Okay, let's get this thing started. Here's a story. See, I think maybe the solution is all that we have four solid hours. I don't want to like talk myself out. Then I might have to call it and sick tomorrow, something like that. And you don't want to do that right before vacation, do you? Maybe the only thing worse than calling in sick before vacation is actually getting sick. I've done that. That sucks. Man. In fact, I got a friend here who lives in my building took him to Amsterdam about, oh, I don't know, four or five years ago for his first European trip. And the night before he says to me, comes up here he says, I think I'm getting a fever, I'm getting sick. And sure enough, man, he was just sick. So you know, I'm a plane and he's burning up, man, burning up alive. And he's got to Amsterdam and he's felt like the first two days in bed, which fills in fever. I remember going ahead. I was going to say they got the good medicine in Amsterdam. What do you know about Amsterdam? Not for been there. No, I mean, no about it. Only kind of, only things that you heard about, No, it's the sex and drugs capital of the world. Magic mushrooms. And everybody's screwing their brains out and all the chicks in the windows and stuff like that. Right. That's all true. Okay. And all those live, sex, show stuff like that. It's all true. But what do you know about it? You've never been there. No, I have not. Well, it's about time you got off your dead ass and had somebody send you there. I agree. I have Chris. Chris, do it. He'll also get rid over you and your Russian girlfriend. You have. In fact, leave the Russian girlfriend at home. I would. You might be talking about your friend, Chris and Washington. What? You said have Chris. You must be talking about your Chris and Washington. Oh, yeah. He's going to get the big bucks together for your right. Maybe he can find some sugar daddy somewhere. Well, by the way, he says, Gwen is coming into tomorrow for you guys. I can't wait. That was the six words I got from him yesterday. He's, oh, by the way, hey, Ricky, how's it going, baby? I got a new pen fell on their Ricky. He's a good guy. William? No, not Ricky. William is this Ricky is white. He's, he's have to wish and have Cubans a better fact. And he's a great guy. And he's been, he's been on that nice place thing for a long time. And I don't always just never got to the habit of confagulating, but all of a sudden, you really realize that I write back and then we, Buh, Buh, Buh, Buh, Buh, Buh, Buh, Don't worry, he's a heterosexual guy. Okay, we're not going to be doing no hanky spanky. That's the first thing this audience thinks about. Oh, Neil's throwing on that. He's spanky. Again. Yeah. Right. Troll this. Okay. You idiots. But I just know that. You just do can smell it. Hmm. Or speak of a smell again. It's suspended Toronto Elementary School Principals, and then in parentheses in Toronto Sterley, right, excrement on a child. Wow. These are casinos with the feces of the species are excrement on a child. I mean, this is a much of a pretty nice thing. They were trying to say, yeah. Maria Pentelloan, 49, a lady no less, was charged with two kinds of assault, one against the child, and one against another child, only a minute or one of the charges yesterday. I couldn't take it anymore. She testified describing the provocative circumstances. If I could have circumcises leading up to the incident last June 30th, if I'd heard a man, which she agreed it was not in any way justified. Pentelloan, who is the sister of Toronto Deputy Mayor Joe Pentelloan, wow, was principal of Kiel Street Junior Public School and not for alternative, which collectively had 500 students and operated over the same building, Kiel Street and the Humber Side Avenue. The names of the victims cannot be published only to abandon post by provincial court justice, Howard Borenstein. By the way, happy pace off, Howard Judge. Neither were students at her school. Since being charged last summer, she's been suspended with pay order to stay away from anyone on the age of 16 and less under supervision. Both Crown Prince of Kiel Street Junior John Ball and Defense Lair Michael Caroline, jointly recommended that she received an absolute discharge, which will leave her without a criminal record and her into a peace bond. Not to have contact with the two children. Caroline submitted some funny services for first planning, including one sign by 19 staff members at her school. So this could be an interesting story. If they told you the wise and aware, she just said, I couldn't take it no more. So she threw feces on a child. Where the feces came from. Wow, we don't want to get into that. Black dome, you know, flung, I'm interested. Well, yeah, I have feces who are being the perfect that you are. There's nothing wrong with being a perfect, but nevertheless, we're not going to get into a whole bunch of excritory activity. I was just interested in this. Was it like monkey style? Like, you know, I don't know. I don't want to know and quit your monkey around. Okay? Are we going to have Chris come down and steal away your Russian girlfriend? And then what you're going to have left? Then you'll have your other buddy, Chris there. That'll be what you'll have to turn to. No. See, I'm talking to the levels on here. It's like, you know what it's like. It's like the, you know, how all of your stations have like compressors. They have like, what the other we used to call them? It's a level the audio ought to keep to keep the level that are all consistent in a certain point. Yeah. It's like that's all gone now. And everything that's coming from down, there's like all over the place. And like Chris is real loud and you're like, loud and sometimes not so loud. It's just, it's all screwed up. Although I noticed you're not breaking up though at the moment. Oh, that's good at least. Oh, you just did those. Oh, you're, it's like somebody stuck an apple, an apple core right down your throat. Man. That's bad. Here's something. And we're getting all this echo and stuff in here. Now this is not what's, what, what, what, what, what, you usually do here every day. I don't know what that'll fix it did there, but it don't sound good to me. Sounds really bad. How's it sound on the air, anybody? Anybody? Anybody care? Is anybody care? Is anybody going to put up with this anymore? I know I sure am at least a couple more days till vacation time. Then who gives a crap? Then you just figure by, just buy us voices by the time I get back. Something will have to change. You know what I mean? You asked ready to strike your way and I'm good Friday. Oh, no. Ah, that's what the Jerusalem post says. The US will be ready to launch a missile attack on a man's nuclear facilities as soon as early this month, perhaps from 4 a.m. will 4 p.m. on April 6th. That's this Friday, according to reports on the Russian media on Saturday. According to Russian intelligence sources, the reports said the US is devised to plan to attack several targets in a way and and I solve could be carried out by launching missiles from fighter jets and warships stationed in the Persian Gulf. The Russian news agency quoted a security official as saying Russian intelligence has information that the US armed forces stationed in the Persian Gulf have nearly completed the preparations for a missile strike against the Indian territory. The Russian defense ministry rejected the claims of an imminent tax as myths. There was no media response from Washington. You know, like hit or myth like that. Myths. The reports come as devised in chief of staff, Hassan, fire, or was a body, some of Schmatha had was quoted on Saturday by Iran's farce news agency, warning leaders of Arab countries that Israel pensed to offer an a suicidal attack on its neighbors this summer to rent a withdrawal of US troops from Iraq in the area. I warn that air leaders and Muslim brothers in the neighboring countries of the occupied territories that the suicidal attack of design is threatening them, he be saying. Not to Jews in the Arab region. What a novel concept, huh? Right in the middle of pace, off and the less. Can't we just all get long? Can't we just sit down and have a little, a little, a little, a little little manish of its wine. Is it a little Logan David wouldn't be so bad? The little Logan Dovet. The countries in danger, he said, were Lebanon and Syria, later, Egypt, Jordan, Saudi, Arabia. Well, let's start with Saudi Arabia and then move over to Pakistan and blow them right off the face of the earth. How do you like that? Wouldn't it be something about that? That would not be good on good Friday. And now I see this business about the Pope. Did you see that about the dead Pope, the fat dead Pope? He cured this nun's Parkinson's disease, the interesting part of it is he couldn't cure his own. That's always good. It's always good to take care of other people. Lower about yourself. Take care of somebody else first. Can't cure his own Parkinson's. And of course it was like after he died and all of a sudden she had this miracle. And oh, she's walking, she's slipping, she's this and now he's going to be a saint. It just, it just wears me out and you want to know why? Because every nun then I'll waste like two, three minutes thinking about it. That's a good piece of the good lesson from your old uncle Neel. Okay, everybody out there do not think about all these geckys. Okay, because it'll where you are. And you'll ask yourself the musical question, how could anybody be so stupid no matter how much brain Washington no matter how much inundating and inculcating and all the other crap that goes on from the moment of birth practically. How could anybody be so ignorant as to believe these non-sensical stories? And by the way, I just want to mention in passing, I sure hope that in my neighborhood and plantation Avers, nobody's playing, I'm putting up a bunch of banners that say he is risen. Okay, I mean, maybe if you're breaking a cake, you can put a banner off that says it is risen like Betty Crocker. Nobody wants to have somebody stick in their religion and you're no is in your face. That's, that's my message to anybody including my neighbors. Okay, we don't give a crap if he's risen if he's fallen if he's off source. We don't really care, just stop at a bubble mice. Come at at least a 15 century of a big good start and then we'll move on from there. Not that I want to tell other people what to believe or how to behave. You know, mice who just just just cut the crap, just like that school teacher, cut the crap, or toss it as the case maybe. I think our pool today is an improvement over yesterday. Let's see, I don't want to get into it yet as we got four full hours and I'm glad that you guys aren't saying much. Well, we cut out, you know, try to get a sample. Well, actually, I hate this full zone. He's 6.4% today. It's a good pool. Well, it's about time and that one yesterday, which I'll give you the result and I'll read it very, very fast in a second. It just, we apologize for it. And Charlie B, you know, I know, you talk about taking a good thing and then just driving into the ground. This is a guy who in the beginning was sending us some, you know, a lot of pull ideas, which were always big in me and George. Oh, we need more pull ideas. It's very difficult to come up with something new and different every day and it is. But Charlie B, let me say it again. Nobody cares if Neil Farts in the elevator. Well, everybody say, oh, he's not legendary anymore. Stuff like that. It is, you just need some help, Charlie. Where are you, drudge back in? After Kenny and Bob, filling it. Or there's a wish I don't get it. It's JJ. On three tied radio. 5, 60, QA, go. Oh, y'all can play with the lovely. A lovely, lovely, lovely, lovely, lovely, lovely. A lovely, lovely, lovely, lovely, lovely, lovely, lovely. A lovely, lovely, lovely, lovely, lovely, lovely. Oh, what's with the baby talk, dude? What? What? Nothing they talk here. Maybe I'm going to tell you one of us in the near, in a world, in a world, in a world where the women do what they do. The women do what they do. The women do what they do. How do you get here today? In the near, cool. The women do what they do. In the near, cool. Yeah, yeah, yeah. In a world where the, you know, the women do what they do... I got a hair go, right here. Right, Chelsea. If there you can go home, now. Oh, man, come on. Do we were like in the middle of the show here? It's 1030, you've been off the air for a half hour. Oh. Maybe they got a special guest down. They'd like to run over a little bit. How come I sound so damn good though? Even on my speaker here, see? It was a speaker that I wouldn't sound so good. Now, you're not going to speak in a while? No, what do you want to say? Nothing, unless you say because every time you speak, like cuts out like even like in a monocilonic word, it's really bad. But even on a single syllable, I'm worried. It's like in the middle of it. No, like that. Anyway, here's the poll from yesterday. In other words, just shut up. This is my best suggestion for both of you because it's all screwed up. Now, so in engineer running around like pretending that they're doing something and they just give it up. They've just given up. Okay. That's what I figured. Here's, I don't even know the set. I don't even bad in my life because that's precisely what I figured there. So, hey, let's take a look at that schedule. First of all, oh, man, we got golf going on. Woo! Heavy, heavy, duty. Am I supposed to say something about the gear? Is what he was last night did? Let me ask you, how much of that game do you think I watched last night? About two minutes. No. Keep going down. About 30 seconds. About no minutes. How about no minutes? No seconds. I'm watching any games of any kind last night. No, that probably makes me less manly than I used to be. But I've tried to think where there are any hockey games of any interest on my last night and no. Leaves played against the flyers board. That should be a walkover. But again, I know you're them. Anyway, here's the appool. 118 votes. See, a pretty low total. When you say 128. Yes. All the way to the ball game in 1230. So that kind of took away our mo... Mention. When you vote, I hate this pool. What are you really saying? Was the pool question? Again, I apologize. From the bottom, my part to everybody concerned to the attorney. And so it was really sucked. I genuinely decided one pool. 623, 51.1%. It's like, if you vote, yes. I'm a yes or no question. What do you really mean? Yes. Ha ha ha ha. Oh. Hey, Charlie, you need some serious health baby. I have no life. I hate this pool. This particular one that we took yesterday, 296, 24.3%. That could be a record. I don't recall ever having taken a pool where we had 24.3% of the audience saying that they hated that pool. I don't hate the pool. I don't hate the pool. I'm 100 to 60. Well, good for you. I hate Neo because he won't put me in his well. I hate him too bad. There's only room for so many in that will. I just like being negative and hateful, 33. There is the, there is the correct answer. Now, I did move up from 16 and finally doubled a little bit more. 33. I should have been at least 500. I just like being negative and hateful. Cause I'm in software that I'm pretty peot about it. I hate everybody and everything. 22. I should have been a lot higher too. I hate Neo's opinions 10. I hate Neo because I'm a right wing A whole. 9. I hate myself for continuing to listen to Neo 7. I hate myself six. I hate Neo because he rejected me as a my space friend. Huh? 4. I hate the world for. I hate Neo 4. Well, guess what? The previous mutual. I hate Neo because I'm a religious not to. And I hate Neo success too. I hate Neo because he hung up on me. Solomon Te Uno. Only one. What a horrendous. What an abortion. I'm surprised we weren't picking it by the right to life crowd. That was in a bashing. Okay, let's take a look at today's pool. We're pulling tensed now. And by the way, Ricky get off it at pool. Looks like there's two pools really. Rock saw in that picture, but never let's. Yes, good when you get somebody to confabulate with on there. You know, somebody new and interesting and might have something to say. It's always great. Sure. But you don't use yours at all. Why is that? That's not true. I got one guy that's stalking you. I want to badly. That queen. Well. I was he ever emailed you. I don't know. He's never wrote me like a messager anything. I mean, if people I don't know that try to be my friend, I just, you know, deny them. See, I can't. I'm, I'm getting like two out of every 20 words now. Are you even there now? Yeah, I'm here. Hello. You can't hear me? Hello. Yeah, I hear you now saying hello, but before that, you were like, it's just impossible. So shut up. Okay, here's the pool. And I'm not cutting out at all, right? Everything sounds fine. Oh, here. You sound legendary. Yeah. Oh, I heard that. That was, that came through loud and queer. That was good. Okay, here's today's pool. How many votes we got? Eight, sixty, six. Chris is sitting back fat and sassy. Well, of course, that could be any day, I guess. Thinking, well, we got it made today. Eight, seventy, two. We had just had a big chunk coming there. It's like just like the north pool. All like floating off there into the Atlantic. I wish I had more time to vacation, 161. I wish I had more time to have 626. How about combining those two and wish I had more time to have sex on vacation? Hmm. We should have more time to smell the roses 93. Hmm. What does that really mean? You know, it's seven. What is another one of those stupid expressions? Wake up and smell the coffee or smell the roses or smell this? You know, I felt a little raspberry. Relax, 83. Exercise, 67. We're going to have more time to enjoy my kids 66 to sleep 63. I hate this pool only 54. How about we hate him? We're campaigning. Yeah, we hate him. I hate this pool 54, 641%. Enjoy with nice spouse 46. We're significant other. I'm assuming. Spend outdoors 32. I wish I had, oh, I like this one. In fact, we actually have a drop in on it. We should have more time to have. We should have more time to have. Yeah, 25. To read 22. No, I don't. I, you know, the last time I read a book is before Lincoln was a baby. I mean, what's the time I was reading books? And in fact, I apologize to Eric because on our website, you know, I have all those recommended books to read and y'all the other. And one time I kept up with him because I was really reading those books. I just, I don't know, just to me, a waste of time. Is that a terrible thing to say? No, to me, it's a big waste of time. What about you, Chris? Are you a reader? I all read every like other months or something like that. I read magazines, but I won't read a book. We're not talking about porno magazines. We're talking about reading a book, you know, I'll ask reading couldn't clue that. So it depends on what you're reading. 22, say it was that more time to read, probably porno. So if the net 10, spend on my space eight. If I spent any more time on my space, they would take me away. They put me in a padded cell. Just like they're going to do it to a clock after four hours of this. Oh, but I'm hearing. I listen to music six more time to work five. What? See, I'm hearing that bad echo now too. There's something all bald up. And it's definitely not on this end. See, the fact that that's happening tells me beyond a shadow about it. If there was any doubt in the first place, which there wasn't in my mind, but nevertheless, it's always going to be on that end. There's nothing that changed here. The thing got itself straight now yesterday. Probably somebody farted in the right in the engineering room. Mr. In the, you know, it's straight into the allowed. And then it's back to regressing again. They say, well, nothing has changed here. Set my underwear. Wish I had more time to work five and watch TV five. I mean, to say that there is, there is many people. I wish they had more time to work as one or watch more TV. Well, if there was something to watch on TV, maybe it might be worthwhile. Let me see if we got something really entertaining on here. Oh, this might be pretty good. Time. The bread steamed and the kennis 1513. One time, one another one this time. What, what cabbage coming in? You know, the amazing part about this is I was actually at this game. Is that incredible to you or what? The eliefs in the sand Lewis blues. I was actually there at that game playoff game. But no, I'm sure you don't really care. Not really. Well, I think it's kind of amazing. But what are the odds of that that they're showing on one of those 85,000 hockey channels here? Again, that I actually attended. I was sitting there in a leaf loss and over time. By the way, triple overtime. I do believe. Pretty pressing. What? Now, what do you don't care? You're just not there in a hockey, France and South Florida, because there's no class. There's no taste. Your taste is in your toughest, baby. Eight hours of even you've got to talk a lot about it, because you, I don't really know whether you think it's funny or because you like here. Let me say that word. Tuchus. Yeah. What is that? What is it? Yeah. Tuchus? I figured. I just didn't. Well, what did you laugh about if you don't even know what a Tuchus is for a coin out lot, huh? Here it is. It's a piece of it and it's good we've got it in here working here. It doesn't even know what a Tuchus is. I bet you almost every guy out there knows from a Tuchus. Let's remember that movie, Alice, be Tuchus? No. 888 votes in the pool. So, what do you think today? Chris, 88, 4, but they're pouring in. They're like a fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking. You want to know why they're pouring in? Because I am effing legendary. Four holes are straight. There nothing has been. Ever since they've stayed home all alone. We're in our scary. To sport that you involve boys. And girls my life is finished. When you meet under the rug, they're up there. To ask a girl out for a day. Manly face. Marcephane men look like a... Tuchus is a man. But they're straight. So they're saying. Four holes are straight. Are they pouring in? We're supposed to get back. We're just boarding their wall. They're all falling, they're totally dead. Tuchus will be fine. Edge of themselves. They're men who play with balls. They like straight. It's wedding men that take. Very straight. So good about men all day. No that's a day. Yeah that's a day. Very good. Okay. 10.32 or 5.60 WQA. I'm so late. I'm going to have eight 90 in the pool. I bet we're going to have over 900 for our first day. But it's too much effort. You don't want to have a vacation in a couple days. I'm not going to make the effort to keep our first in clicking that baby. Of course not. No. 94. No no chance. We had 904. How do you like that? 904. Even Chris. Chris could burr off a couple calories. Doing that. Keep clicking that thing. Keep burr reaching over in there. Clicking. Okay. Send to your. You're sending your mouse. Maybe lose a couple of bounces. I never did give the schedule. I saw that golf thing. And right away, like caught myself in midstream. Oh boy, that's bad. Mad dog at the. At a. For the. Master. That's one of his very favorite. He's always raving about that. And we're here. Yeah. He's there with the green jacket and the whole boy. Golf. And then we got to power our net dog and humper. We're between four and five. Hank so low between five and six thirty. Marlon's on deck at six thirty and I followed by the Marlon's at the net. Marlon's only open at nine two yesterday. I saw none of that. And I really could care less. 705 is the actual game time. But. I want you to write this down and listen very carefully. Okay. And this is another one of the first. So we'll just go in with the game. And it's the same game. What was because we committed all these different. The sporting events at the same time. So we have a simultaneous orange. We have the Panthers at the capitals on a m13 60. No pregame for the hockey game because nobody cares and they can't make the playoff. Anyway. It's a meaningless game. But the art they all panthers at the crappard will seven o'clock on 13 60. What used to be WKT? I don't know if those are the colors anymore. Marlon game well after all the all the games after all the balls have been put away in the drawers in your drawers I you know I'm gonna do let me let me just reach in Okay Let's reach in my drawer for a second boy they're sharing much there is it and See if they really still call at 1360 WKAT. I'm sure nobody cares and of course They're probably not gonna show up on here anyway because they have like let's see WEXY They have nothing they have a zero WNMA I think that's mr. Ego station and they have no they have a zero MBM W I don't don't see it. I Believe it is still WKAT one. It's so called WKAT. How do you know that? Because we've run stuff on them before and it's usually said 1360 WKAT wow That was where my origins baby Marshfirst 1976 the soon to be legendary in your Rogers starts on WKAT catch the cat I don't know that was our Advertising slogan kits the cat that's KAT and on the side of it we have buss of science Did they do that anymore? They put the advertise on the side the buses radio station power 96 does they really well no one other in trouble But in any rate So that's our warbing schedule for the rest of the we got more games than have ever been invented nine-trol on a pool We're gonna be approaching a thousand by the top of the earth and I'm pretty pleased about that Oh, speaking of the teacher the through experiment that one kid in Tampa Two eighth graders were arrested on charges. They tried to poison their science teacher by pouring a fabric fresh There into where soda authority said yesterday. Oh, Jesus No, not Jesus. Oh, maybe somebody maybe somebody could have poisoned the wine at the last supper That would have been a lot easier than all I crucified and a blood and the guts in the smearing in the Puking wouldn't it have been better totally? It could have just peed in his soda or something like that in his wine in the manish of it I wonder if they were now that's a bit trivia question for it Were they drinking manish of us or Morgan David or Ripple at the last supper where Jesus was sitting where they have in the big Sator happy pace off by the way and don't eat no trade during Passover because believe you me extra crispy is what you're gonna turn into You're gonna be lucky Very heavy duty fried piece of bacon. I do like a crispy break. I had some this morning Did I did I have some or did I not I know something I remember eating my bacon did I make it or not? I don't know you would know that I don't think I made it did I owe you one in a life as I had to go down and get the book of brand package. I would the athletics came early So that means during this next break I'm gonna go make me some nice extra crispy microwave bacon. All right All right Two eighth graders arrested on charges in Tampa. They tried to poison their science teacher by pouring a fabric fresher It was soda the teacher 51 year old Jackal and Hutchins was not injured. Thanks God Must be the Lord was looking over her ass and said boy. That's a nice shape. Yes. I was she's 51 probably not She noticed an odd taste when she's sifter Pepsi on Friday like Spat she she blurted that off fan Of course all the Graham and Tampa they're looking at her saying what the whole is that mean just like Josh with toughest I can't believe that You never heard that word you know what that means. I mean I speculated it was asked but they're seeing hello Ask I'm leaving ass the question Ask and all you can answer I'm gonna put it up You do a little bit I Aren't impressed by the way he said that I love that I don't even tell us not some goi trying to pretend to be Jewish you know when when he guys says talk us and it gets the real The only three languages that I know of that have got real gutter rule like that sound one is Dutch one is German and the other is Yiddish Other students told deputies the boy in the grubble 15 hundred around the teacher So don't talk about putting the fubries fabric freshener and her soda card is all for breeze Delish the students were charged with poisoning a first-degree felony Carter said the teens were taken the juvenile detection the detection set of it says here I'm sure they mean detention but the associated press of course under a lot of dress The juvenile the Texan set of it says here. Oh, can we do a test and see if we can detect you as being a juvenile It's been a juvenile. It's just part of the world the status was not a means I know whether we don't know if they're there. They're gonna be detected the detected and detected 900 and left nine nineteen on the pool. What this is this is moving along nicely You know it too bad. I can't hear you guys like normal of course. You're not saying anything which is good nine twenty I wish I had more time to vacation 187 have sex 132 smell the roses 97 relax 90 yeah Just breathe in some of that stale air man Relaxed my kids 74 exercise 69 Jews don't exercise believe you me trust me at least this one doesn't See that's bad for my diabetes. I should go out for a nice brisk walk right now You know walk around a black one of your 30 times about a mile. There you go. I'll see you We should have more time to sleep 65 I hate this pool a very nice 57 only 6.1 percent what do I come back after yesterday's disaster Charlie and this is also a Charlie B pool By the way Charlie B the pool man a little looks to me like Ricky is the pool man. He's got a picture on his web cell where he's like Well, he's like plastered off his ass knees like a slide down a pole or something like that In drove my spouse 48 spend outdoors 33 read 27 See as soon as we said read that we don't like to read all of a sudden when boosting up Party 26 surf the net 10 hmm spend on my space eight. I wish I had more time to work six Oh, yeah, God if it were just 40 50 hours in the day every day I'd come back and do a couple more shows I wish I had more time to work six real clowns listen to music six and watch TV only five because most of what's on TV is real Swill I Junior honey Oh, hey there, really what you know it was body I'm sticking to my new time machine, but I had to bring them back to the 2 a.m. studios to do it to wait a bit of time travels really possible Today's when you're running out of story line Go Here goes that! What did it do to the door? Hey! Hey, listen to me! No, listen! Play that thing all! Jing-goo! Who the hell are you? I'm a little bit young. Yeah, good man. Yes, jazz. jazz? Ah, they're your job, or I'm taking over in a show. Oh, wow. Yes, this is my job, bro. Say something stupid. Oh, ah. This year is a long holiday, maybe a bit of a five, six, need to pay Emma's foot. Whole rate, maybe it is here. Great, great, great. Hey, the cycle. Number nine this week on a Tiger Radio's over $3,000, so you pay it. Sonny and mild 75 WQAMD Grease in the magic city. Lady's butt. Jefferson's greatest say hi! Hi, hello, I can't hear you. You know, I was just getting I ever heard. I don't know either. I got no idea what I'm doing here. Ah, first drawer. Now get your next drawer in the mirror. What is one here? I hate this song. They cut off who I am last year. Um, break your legs and... Okay, okay, we got a haul in from the floor dealing. Phone goes through that hot. Well, what is one? Oh, for that hot. That tanker for this. Yeah, this is my way. What do you know what he said? We're about 40, 50, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 50, 60, 60, 60, 50, 50. We're about 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50. That's carryin' talk. Oh, okay, I'll do my best. You can't run on some music. It's me, you know? Now see here. Why don't you go play? I know right. I tell the other head. You can do it. Now, the guy that's used to our lesson. Hey, I'm glad that he's not here. No. Not in the past. I'm still a boy to tell him. Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? 1047, 13 before 11 o'clock. You know, I did make bacon earlier around 80 o'clock and I enjoyed it so much. Maybe that's what sublibrally suggested me out there to make some mold. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. It's really good. Margar Maiton. Meet my hobbies as well. Well, think about how he's a very good bacon, but it's not real crisp. Have you ever noticed that? See, I'm a big fan of like in the middle. You know? I like it real crisp. And the bacon, too. 942 votes in a pool. You shouldn't be in front and talk with your mouth full of bacon. Especially on pace over. Oh, my God. It's pace over, baby. It's an old money stupid ass holidays. Oh, you can't say that. That's an insult. Good. I'm glad you take it that way. Go take it person unless you want to. Man, it's good stuff. 9448 votes in a pool. And we have six people who say that wish they had more time to work. What do you think we do with somebody like that? That's the example. That's the example enjoyable job. They have a way. Enjoyable job. Oh, like you, for example, you wish you had more time to work? Huh? Man, this is the best bacon I've ever made. I think it's the same stuff that I've done. But you eat that bacon we can't get here, right? Sniders of microwave-able bacon. You can't get it there. I'll just say it's Canadian, eh? Got my sniders. We need's in the refrigerator. Try to think of I ever knew anybody named Schneider. Oh, yeah, Marty Schneider. He committed suicide. I went to high school with him. Tough friend. He was something. You know, you can understand what somebody, I'll be commit suicide. You know what I mean? I mean, because I'll be doing like, really. I can't really understand what anybody commits suicide. But, well, no, but I'm just saying, since there are people who do it, right, and you try to understand why people do certain things, all of these things. You can understand somebody. We looked at a hunchback and noted a name. If he would've committed suicide instead of having sex with a stiff. I mean, you could've understood that. 950 votes, man. I'm impressed. 950 WBBF and Rochester to the home of the busy bees. What a memory. But if somebody really good-looking commits suicide, you say, Marty, why did you go and do that? He was a nice kid, and he tried first, and he did not succeed. And then some years later I found out. The death note is from, I bet you probably remember, because you might have been working on a show. Josh, when my friend from Upstate from Canada, that I went to high school with brought his girlfriend. Yeah. And we went to, took him to Ruth Chris. Yeah, I remember years ago. A couple summers ago. Well, anyway, he's like my correspondent, my high school correspondent, because David Benson and I, we went, you know, we're in the same class. Good guy. And a couple days ago, I get an email from him. And it's about another kid that we went to school with who just died. I'd air every time, every time I get an email from David, it's always about, oh, well, this one died. And now, and it's, it's not only morbid from the standpoint of, it's sad that they died, and you knew them, even though maybe you've been out of touch with them for like 40, almost 50 years. Fifty, a freak in years. Do you realize how old I am? God, in my old. Now, how does he keep track of stuff like that? Dave? Yeah. Oh, he's probably, you know, with the alumni. Every high school's had a alumni group, you know, he probably gets the information. In fact, yeah, he always sends me the coping. He sends me the link to the clipping of whatever someone so just died and whatever. You're first thing. Because they're all within a year or two, you know, depending if they're in the same class or not, they're like all my age. And I'm thinking, oh, boy, it's sure going around. You know, that whole, I'm dying out of the hair. That thing, you know. Now, you did say when you met up with your, a couple of your high school friend, you looked a lot better than most of them. Yes. A lot. Not that I looked so, not that I ever looked all like good, but I'm just talking about in terms of the aging process. I'm health-wide, you mean? Because, because Dave had sent me, well, I don't know, before they came up here for that dinner. He had emailed me, a picture of one of those reunion deals. Oh, I'm so glad I never went to those things. Oh, would you do now? Love you. I want to ask you guys, you're too young. But can you imagine going to a classroom reunion, say, like 30 years from now? I'm actually not that far away from our union, but I wouldn't go anywhere. Really? Yeah. You're like 23? I mean, I'm almost, I believe it or not, I'm not, I'm, you know, yeah, I graduated in no one. So, ten years isn't that far away. Well, so what's the big deal with that? Well, that's usually when they do the first reunion. I mean, I'm not going to go. When you graduate from, I was just there one year. Still young and hung and still live at all that stuff. I can't even begin to imagine going back now, because like I just, I just blurted that out. 1960s, so you're graduated in high school. That's 47 years ago. Oh, that's not acceptable. Okay. I'm getting this sitting right now. I'm almost done with this bacon, by the way, and it's damn good. Mmm. Real crispy. But that's, that's just unachceptible. For example, I've been a Toronto Maple Leaf fan since 1950. I remember, you say, oh, I've been a leaf fan for 25 years and you know, stuff like that. Now, 1950 is almost 50 years ago. Next year, it'll be 50 years if I make it of being a leaf fan. And since the 60s, all that suffering, you know, that goes along with it is if you care, as if you have any idea any concept of what that really means. No. The opportunity to watch the leaf is they prepare for tonight's game. You will also hear from the head. I can't wait for that. I can't wait to see them lose to the flyers. That would be really bad. That would be embarrassing. But if it's that, that's the way life is. Now, keep all my young correspondence I have on their mind space. That's the message I keep given to them is enjoy life like you're young in a live baby because man before you know you'll wake up one day and oh, Jesus, God, I'm old, you know. I'm telling him. And to send you guys. It'll happen one day. One day you'll wake up and you're looking at me or you say, Jesus, God, what the hell happened to me? I get hit by the ugly stick. Of course, I haven't sent that for 60 years, anyway. Since I was old enough to look into mirror the first time. I thought to myself, there's a God and I look like this. But that's the way it goes, yeah. Or here's another thing from Omaha State. I don't want your meat. Okay, I'm not interested. Go away. I hate when that happens. Anybody out there that ever bought anything online from Omaha State? Let me tell you. I'm not not not going to have product because you know, if the meat is like fresh within last 20 years, it might be okay. And they brought worse if they were good. Not like Germany though. Hmm. My problem with them is they're, they're, they're it's too small. They're fullaisman. Let's think they're like four ounces. It sounds like you're thumb. Yeah. Too small. Way too small. You've picked on me again. But once you start doing business with them in, they are all over you like stink on Joyce. I mean, they're never stops. The emails, the call calls, the stuff in the snail mail. It just, they just will drive you insane. What you'll please buy some meat. Please, no. I don't want your damn meat. I do like a brought we're still, but I'm just, just see this. This is what happens. This reverse psychology is if you bug people too much. They just get so turned off. Even if you got the best product in the universe, they're not going to buy it anymore. If you're going to say, I'm just fed up. It's quit bothering me Omaha State. Oh, it's big enough products. And yesterday I told the story about my bank. And the fact that they bounced that check even though I had well more than enough hundreds of dollars more than enough to cover it. But because I made an ATM and they call it ABM. Automatic banking machine. I got to her machine over here. You're smuck. So I did go there immediately after the show yesterday at 1230. And I've come out, come as prancing to a service me. This young screaming queen. I mean, this guy, he was, he was at least three feet off the ground. Floated out. Can I help you, sir? Uh-huh. And so I give my banking card. I told him what had happened. And he put it in the machine and he gives me the look. Like, you know, the policy is it's five business days. Five business days. A whole on all, uh, past deposits in the ABM. And I thought to myself, I'm going to do a BM right on your shoes. Now you idiot, you screamer. You're fair, but, you know, well, there's no point in arguing. Well, what would be the point? I mean, I, I let him know that I was pretty peoed about it. And then we're discussing, we're testing unacceptable. But other than that, uh, what am I going to do? Make a big scene. Get an escrowing match for the screamer. A little screamer. And that's another thing. I think he came out of it. He could see that I had that sorely look on my face. So he came flying out of there knowing that I wouldn't want to put up with his graph for too long. If, you know, not that I've anything in screamers. I just don't, you know, I don't want to be around him too much. Kind of makes me feel bad. 900. And, uh, what do we got? Boy, and it's not even, it's just coming up on 11. 9. 56. I'm thinking of 1300 today. Yeah, it's a big day. Big day for the poll. That's a good poll. We only got how many people, I hate it. Only, and even 6% we can drive that number under six today. And after yesterday's debacle for poor Charlie B. No, Roger, sure. This is a great. What the fuck? Any questions? Oh, well, well, well, great. Romeo. Excellent. We like it. 11. This is a party. Hey, what's up? I'm so hydrate. Poppulse. I'm a surgical relief. Never believe me. I'm sure we bumped into each other to VA hospital. I'm not so done. What, you know what, nothing, don't you might be right? But I heard great things about you. Hi, I'm Bakeden. Nice to meet you. Hey, good to meet you, bro. I'm OxyContin. Didn't I see you and Cody loves bloodstream? Oh, yeah, that was a jam. Good times, good time. Hey, I'm Paxel. These are my friends, so well, up in Zannex. There's value more with airplane, golden tea. Yo. I know, bacteria and sexual, brought it out by needle injections in the buddhist region. Wow, very exotic. Cloral hydrate, liking. Tadaball. So that's riddle. And he's wildly crazy. But it's control. What are you doing here? Yeah, right? I know. We're in story. I'm supposed to be over pariselfdens, but and Nicole, she confuses me for a breath of medicine. Here I am. There you go. Here we be. It's 11.02 at 5.60WDQM. No ball game today, at least not during the daytime. When people are awake tonight, so we got tomorrow in game. And then on 13. We got the Panthers and the Crapitals, maybe at a very meaningless game. Quick place to shovel it down there, then into the dog. And on 13.60. Catch the cat. To tune in there, you might catch something. I guarantee that. Okay, we got 969 votes on the pool. This half hour, we're going to go over a thousand and boy, Chris, Chris is dancing around the control room about that he's sort of excited. Yep. Couldn't hurt. Get up off your fat ass and move around a little bit. Couldn't hurt. Believe me, I know from fat. I don't want to tell you what I weighed on the scale. I've been in this morning, even dear get on there. Although I've probably lost an ounce. Yesterday, it not good. Yeah, you're doing worse. I was on the verge of greatness there. Remember when I was like one evening. Yeah, last time I was in here, you're like, oh, I'm doing great. I was doing great. I was on the verge of going to get to one 70. I was on the verge of the 170s, baby. And you're not cutting out now for a second or two. Wouldn't this be something if this got straightened out again by us? Most of us, because I know it's on his end. Not. But anyway, I won 87. Who? Not good. I'm going to say, hello tomorrow, is Wood Mine Wednesday. See, that's the one good thing about Wood Mine. You can lose like crazy. Not just wait, but of course money. Why can you just don't eat when you're out there? No, I do not. But the only problem that is that I'm like the old days. See, in the beginning when I started going there the first, oh, you know, I'll tell you how smart the first two years. Now the first year and a half, I would say, I would be, you're stubborn. It's like you're fighting on my sheen, you know? And you figure if you just keep plunging long enough. You're going to go into that pace cycle and it's going to start paying out, you know, 2003,000 and you're going to get all your money back. And of course, that's not the case. No. Most things are programs so that when they go cool, they can be cool for like a week. Which doesn't mean that they might not spit out a little bit somewhere along the line, but generally speaking, you keep playing it. You're going to lose your ass. And so there were times, I think my record was 16 hours one day. 16 hours of cutting my guts out, tapping and tapping and tapping and puking and croaking and choking and drinking all I've done, caffeinated diets so that they keep giving away. Man, I was bad. That was bad for me. And now I just don't do that, you know? Now I can take it or I can leave it. But anyway tomorrow is wood by and Wednesday. And of course, it's an early wood by and Wednesday because tomorrow, 1230, we have another Marlin game. Oh, the audience is saying, oh, not again. Holy, holy, holy. Legendary, no. See, one thing about me, even though the Marlins won two world series, you've got to admit they're not legendary. The Yankees are legendary sports franchise. Well, the Celtics are legendary sports franchise. The, um, who would be in football? The the Packers were legendary football. The Patriots of recent years are legendary. I don't know you want to like that. Too bad. Who's the hockey is that the red wings? Are they the legendary team? No, I would say probably the Montreal Canadians and they try to make beliefs are the legendary hockey teams. Not the red wings. Wait a minute, you just said that the maple leaves have been turds since like the 60s since 67. That's right. But they're legendary. Watch. They, they have a long and storied, uh, his horse and the null. I mean, 72. Yeah, that, a hair, dolphins, my ass. That's a legendary franchise. I said, well, if you're going to go buy that crap, I mean, since the sailing is who's super bulls, the least of them, like, I don't know, 15 Stanley Cups or some crap like that. I don't know. Once upon a time in America in Canada. Don't start with a hockey talk. Okay, that's here. Then sabotage. You want to pay rule across the street now? Then stew guys, put you up to this or what? How's parents doing, by the way, luckily I don't see him. We're not here this week. This week? Yeah, it's on vacation. She's on vacation or what? Yep. Now, you just cut out and you never came back. Well, that was a, that was a, he's on vacation. And I never heard that. See, yesterday would be like, maybe a part of a word that would be annoying. Like, once in a while, today it's like chunks of words are cutting out. And in fact, there are times like you're in a commercial breaks when I wonder, are we even going to come back at all or is it just losing the line? It's got to be in the line. I mean, I'm no engineer, but how many times would you say over the five years plus that I've been doing a show is up here? It's about a little over five years. How many times would you say that I've solved technical issues myself? About third in the end. Can you agree with that? Yes. Many times. Because if you've been doing this long enough, you can just hear it. It is. And they're giving me in fixants this morning. He's giving me a thing about all of this. They're gating in the speaker. It's gating and grading and, yeah, oh, brother. And then, so what I did is I took my headphones and I have her on the floor, which I never used. I hated phones. Give me a headache. And I plugged them in and I turned the speaker down, so I wouldn't be hearing them through the speaker. And it was the same. It was still cutting out. They're all gating in the speaker. What fix it? It was about engineering. You could stick in a fimble and have room for the Chinese armies asses left over there. That's what he knows about engineering. Your genius fix it. Fix this. 973 votes on a pool bar. We're going to make a thousand by the bottom of the hour. I would think it's going to be pretty hairy. I mean, we first had baby again. Mine. Let's see. Why does it do that? By the way, why does it that if you hit the mouse and all of a sudden all the numbers on their term blue, you know what I mean? Why does it do that? What do you mean all the numbers turn blue? Yeah, if you hit, it's like, yeah, because you would be, it's akin to like selecting it as if you're going to copy paste. That's all it is. Well, how will that grant? 977 votes on a pool. Like I said, by the bottom of the hour, I'm confident it's very high that we'll have, and I'm sure many of our listeners are too. Confidence is very high. We'll reach a thousand by the bottom of the hour. Is there any significance to that? Absolutely not, but it'll be. Yeah, it's something. And having lived all those years in South Florida, I can tell you right now. Anything that's a little bit of excitement, man. It's welcome. Oh, please, please, a little something, something, you know. Believe me, you do believe me, don't you? I'm not really worried about you. You got your Russian girlfriend. You got this active life. You got all these jobs going on there in the building. Yes, that's a good general manager. There's a big fan of yours. Takes you out to lunch. Well, what kind of a guy? How many other people? Chris did Joe Bell ever take you to lunch? Nobody does know my name. Well, first of all, I do want to ask you. I do want to state that the reason Joe Bell took me out to lunch was because I was supposed to meet with him for about two weeks. And every time I got to go up to them for about two weeks, I cut out right there when you were saying you did. Well, with him for about two weeks. I was supposed to meet with him for about two weeks. And every time I showed up, he had somebody in his office or he wasn't there. He was busy, wanted to reach schedule. So then he came to me and said, hey, you know, I'm a big liar. I'll take you out to lunch. I meant to, uh, I've been meeting with me with you. I wasn't like he goes, hey, what are you doing? You want to go out to lunch? You know, wasn't like a, you mean he didn't say, come on, Pally, let's go to lunch, Pally, and packed you on the back and give you a little, you know, boost or something like that. Right. He did paddle somewhere else, Dr. Luch, apparently. I'm sure that. Well, you guys are pretty tight, like I said. Okay, let's take a look at this pool today. I'm more, I'm trying to make up for yesterday when I didn't want to read the result because I was too embarrassed and rightfully so. I wish I had more time to blank. 980 vote. Easy a thousand by the bottom there. I mean easy. We'll slide right into that. Vacation 179. Yeah, that, y'all, I want to get seven weeks here. That's pretty weak. When you say, oh yeah, then of course that summer schedule, which by the way, I'm so glad that you brought that up. Josh, today is what? April 3rd. That's right. Well, let's see. My summer schedule, I believe, starts around 15th June. I have a week vacation in. I want to come back. I do only Tuesday and Thursday until the week after Labor Day. So that's coming up. Nice. Soon now. Yeah, it's pretty nice. I would say. But might he might be soon gone out to Vegas and July in when July in July. Oh boy, it's going to be 115 degrees in the shade. That's okay. I like it. I like to dry heat when it's 115 and Vegas in the late fields like about 113. Exactly. They always say that. Well, it doesn't. We don't have the humidity. So once 150 and only feels like 110. And they even shacked on the swimming pools because if you were the hopping there, you'd be like that bacon I had before he'd be fried. You'd fry immediately. They shut down the swimming pools. In some cases when water gets too hot, come on. Have you ever tried swimming in a pool with a water's 115 degrees? Well, the water wouldn't be 115. How do you know? If you have like two weeks in a row, when it's 115, 117 degrees in the shade of that intense, you know the high sun that they have out there man. Oh, brother, just beating, bleeding down on you. Oh, my God. You can feel the gigantic tumors just forming on your cheeks. Anyway, can I get back to the pool please? So that's what you're going to do. Vegas and July. Now that you've got to make it all this money, you're going to play it a little slot action or not? No. None. No. I have my little slot experience when I went to Tahoe. I'm done. Wdo 16 hour runs for me. Oh, I got to that. No, play something more sociable, you know. Like crafts. I'll play blackjack. That's, that's, and I'll go to the second. I'll go to the second. 97 on the pool and here it is. I wish I had more time to vacation when 79. Why do I keep reading this? It's too fond of it. Too many choices. Probably because it kills good time. And probably because I'm not going to take any calls. Although you never know. If we ever got any, see, you see how I've got them trained now? Yeah, that phone doesn't even blink. Here's line one, though, by the way. Listen to the sound. That's amazing. That line one never worked the whole time. I was on the show two years. It didn't work. Two freaking years. Probably more than two years. If that's the case. Never worked because they just don't care enough to send their very best. Because I screamed and I hovered and I bitched. I belly because I'm freaking legendary. And a real pain in the ass. All of a sudden, of course, I came in there one day. And he weighed his magic wand. Oh, line one works. No. Now that you're not taking any calls. Because Joyce is a bitch. 992. I bet you will be coming back from the break while I was 1000. And then Chris will start eating heavy duty again. 1000 boys by the way. I mentioned only in person. Oh, the butt. Oh, the butt. Right, though. The butt. The butt. I got a lot. Ah, the back. Oh, the butt. The back. Oh, the butt. That's the butt. Oh, the butt. That's the . How many left here do you want? The front door in the middle. Oh, the butt. Yeah, the butt. The butt. Oh, the butt. The butt. If I call you up front camera, I can call you up front. Yeah, up side here. up front awesome. Ok, yeah up side here up. That sounds impossible, even on our pool, man. Yesterday, when we went into the Marlin game, because I really can't plus the fact it's cutting it out, although at that point it wasn't cutting it out, any mold. Wasn't that a wonderful thing to last 45 minutes or so when that problem got all straightened out? That was so you could hear Dave and Roxy. So you could hear Dave and Roxy, Crystal Clear. I didn't listen to one moment of it. Trust me when I tell you. I'm just wondering, do that, now the Bartoby Jones, remember that? Yes. And I was watching the digital locker on City Post 24 as it kept getting closer and closer to 12.30. And it was like counting down, you know? Although this has got a long way to go. I don't want to play the whole thing. Oh, what? Well, I'm trying to, I'm trying to search out. Okay, but that was skipping there. Yeah, that. Are you crazy? Like maybe it is on your side. Yeah, some my end. I guess in my new end. Here you go. Oh, I was too far. Not too far. No moment. Back it up. Back that baby. Here we go. I'm watching the clock getting nervous. So how did it work out? Worked off on? Fine. Was it perfect? Was it as tight as a snare drum? Sure. Well, this is important stuff, man. I went to an old radio broadcast. And this is what we live in, die for is the production man, the production value, to make it sound like, hey, listen to this. Like, these are really broadcast-to-risk people, you know? Radio-ish. As opposed to what we really are on QAM, you know? Jewish? Yeah, Jewish, not really wish. A thousand five votes on our very important poll, speaking of Jewish, the City of Sturban Larry Sidelin, the judge. There's no circus here, my friend. There's no circus here. That was, you know, I got to admit that in the middle of all that Anna's Nicole Crab. Oh boy. At least he was a little humorous, you know? I mean, embarrassing, but humorous. He was. Let me say it again. Embarrassing, but humorous. You don't think so? Yeah, okay. I thought it was sad, and they're watching him, try to put everything on him. Put the canvas basically on him. Let me say it again. Embarrassing, but like that. Anyway, here's the article in the hero by Nikki Waller. It says, America, are you ready for Judge Larry? Here is Judge Larry. Howard Judge Larry Sidelin, who's the former Bronx cab driver, who's folksy courtroom pattern and tearful ruling and flame they made for TV courtfighter and Nicole Smith's body. Maybe exploring a deal for a TV show of his own. What a surprise. Not. What a shock. And this resources told him I may hear all that Sidelin 56 met yesterday with TV executives of 20th television, a division of Fox television stations group in LA. Fox. Rupert Murdock rules the world. Yeah, well, I got some of the city you two begins with an F. 20 television producers, several court shows including divorce court, Christine is court and judge Alex, which starts former day judge Alex Ferrer. I never heard of him and I never seen that show. Did you judge Alex? No. Obelangly, I don't think so. Sideland both in raids in a neighborhood where he's going to see he got Chris all better than the shape. I mean, his performance was deplorable at best, but it was funny. And at times, when he's broke down and started crying, at that point, I was just a little little. Well, he wanted his own. No, he said, yes, he am, my friend. Silent both in raids in a neighborhood where he's doing the sixth day, probate battle over who had the right to decide where to bury Smith, who died suddenly February the eighth while staying at the seminal, hard rock hotel in Casino where they're likely to say, I'm dying of it. Especially if you can't figure out that bingo crap. I just, you know, I had more people try to explain to me how that works, including you. And I still don't get it. And you know what, I would never go there. If you gave me a thousand bucks to gamble, I wouldn't go there and then play that whatever that is, baby crap. I don't want to play bingo before I find out if my slot pool is that on every single pool you have to do that? No, it's basically on there and you can play it or you can just totally ignore it. Well, what does that mean? That's how they get around the laws governing the machines or whatever. It's like a little like three inch screen that has bingo rolling around and you can play, I don't even know how to play it or you can just leave it there. I see. And it's nothing that's fine, really. If you had any idea how bad you're cutting out now, but you know what, I'm used to it, and in fact, if it was like this forever, the next year and three quarters, it wouldn't bother me. I'm used to it. There's nothing that's fine with rolling, silent and wept and wrapped the bench with a pencil as he read aloud in order. He read it out loud. So, I'm so excited that I actually found that thing, I don't know what to hold it under. I think it's under. Oh, no. Yeah. Oh, no. Here's Bill Drak, tech. Oh, those are the days the whammy days, man. You talk about garbage. Anyway, he wrapped the bench with the pencils. He read aloud in order giving customers, fun to do, infant daughters. He's a reporter, guardian, Richard Milstein. Anybody want to hear any more about end of the cold? Oh, God forbid, no way Jose, thank you, no. El Paso. Ten ten on the pool. So the thing worked out yesterday, let's do it again in 1230 and pretend that there's a ballgame, so let me know in seven and a half. Okay. Get them easy. If you've been practicing for tomorrow, yeah. Tomorrow we have another end then. Oh my God, we got a double headed. Am I where you were then? I'm sorry. We have a double headed. No way we got the marlins in the nats. But then we got the humpers sandwiched in between sandwiched in between. I don't believe he doesn't keep any food in the house. How can you eat all your meals out in that way, like 600 pounds? I guess he's the walking answer to the question. UN baseball at FIU with seven or five tomorrow. So we got the marlins at the nats at 105 tomorrow and then it's seven o'clock. We got UN and FIU. Now, now we're really talking, baby. Some heavy heavy duty stuff. How many people do you think will be listening to the hurricane baseball game like on a weeknight? It's a loop. FIU-13 man. So I would say. Now, I used to do those UN games for like six seasons, you know, five on a radio one on TV. But we did mostly weekend games. Hello. Oh boy. Then we got another cutout. Oh, go test this good. How are you going? Oh, oh, there's your back. You're going to go. Oh, you disappeared. I disappeared because I couldn't hear you either. See the line keeps dropping out. I keep telling these people, it's the line. It's not a speaker that's like dated or ge- a band dated or ill dated or gay or it's not a gay's ya-acre. It's the line keeps dropping out. And it's not on a cent. It's in the line. If I was them, I'd be on the phone right now screaming and yelling with bell and whoever hell I was got their finger in that thing, you know, who can figure out which phone company is got their finger deep inside your rectum at the moment. That's what they need to be working on. Instead of bugging my poor engineer friend here in Toronto, why don't they leave him alone already? I think it's a racial thing. Leave him alone. It's not something he's going to fix here. Okay, it's in the line because I dropped out. You couldn't hear me. How long was I off by the way? 10 seconds. 10 seconds. 10 seconds. And let me just ask you one question. Okay, I want you to listen to this very carefully and listen to this. You call this big market radio? No. Now, I don't even call it small market radio. But I worked at WSTR in Sturgeous, Michigan, 41 years ago in 1966. We never had technical difficulties like these. Never. Can you believe me? Yeah, I'll believe you. When I worked at WALM in 1963, an Albeon, Michigan. We never had technical problems like these. And that's when we used to have the big glowing tubes in the transmitters. You know, those big glowing final tubes. Those big huge things used to be about 80 pounds of peace. And when we burnt out a cusp like about 2 grander, we replaced it. That was also back in the day when we had them to TV said, Chew! Hey, had to keep calling TV repairman to replace a badge. Chew! That would keep going out. Now of course, we got no more tubes. It's in the phone line. Would you agree with me on that? Yes. See, we just voted Chris, what are you saying? Hi, Greg. I'm pretty happy. We voted you down and said, that's what I thought it was yesterday because that's what it sounded like to me when it's doing that. It's in the phone line. And then of course, when I got all cre- I earned out by itself. That was a byproduct of whatever's happening with that damn phone line. You engineering losers, you idiots. Two-way scheduling mix up, Joanne and John, who had never met before. Thumb themselves in the same sleeping carriage of a train. It's late. The train is full and everyone else is already a slumber. After the initial embarrassment, they both managed to get to sleep. Joanne on the top bunk and John on the lower. In the middle of the night, Joanne leaves over and says, I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm awfully cold and I was wondering if you could possibly pass me another blanket. John leaves out and with a glint in his eyes as I've got a better idea, let's pretend we're married. Why not, says Joanne? Good, John replies, get your own damn blanket. Now page two. Billy and Jessica were going on a cruise for their honeymoon. They packed their bags and got ready to go, but forgot two things. Condoms and Dremel Mean, since Billy gets horribly motion sick on ships. So they stop at the store on the way to the cruise and Billy goes in to get the necessary supplies. He walks up to the counter, with a plenty pack of condoms and asks for the largest bottle of Dremel Mean available. The pharmacists looked at him for a second and then asked if it makes you so sick, why do you do it? All hard, ladies. Yeah, that is a good question. For a lot of people, 11.32 at 5.60 WQA, I'm but nevertheless, whatever records your chain. 1027 on the full, whenever you're shooting 4.13, I'm good. No chance, no chance. Crazy people, right now, I guess so now, I don't know. Don't doubt it. I tell you, 11, if you would have told me we'd get to a thousand yesterday by 12.30 by Game Time. Game Time? I would have said, man, you'd be crazy. That's not. But we did it. That's the great David Samson would say. He's not legendary, but I think he's probably working on it. They went like another world serious, which they definitely will not. We did it. They are undefeated, though. They're one in the Marlon. You're Florida Marlon, so you can have them. In a defeat for the Bush administration, he's Supreme Court rule yesterday that a US government agency has the power to regulate greenhouse gas emissions that's spurred global warming by a five to four vote donations highest court said, US Environmental Protection Agency's offered no reason explanation for its refusal to regulate carbon dioxide and other emissions from new cars and trucks that contribute to climate change. The ruling of one of the most important environmental cases to reach these Supreme Court marked the first high court decision in the case involving global warming, aka I'm dying out of the hands. President Bush is a post-meditorate control zone greenhouse gas. This is a harmful to the US economy because it's bad for business, baby. That's what the world is all about, like what's his name told Howard Veal, Mr. Johnson, the world is a business Mr. Veal and the administration is called for voluntary programs instead of regulation. The states and environmental groups that brothel lawsuit hail the ruling. As a result of today's landmark ruling EPA can no longer hide behind a fiction that likes any regulatory authority to address the problem of global warming Massachusetts Attorney General and Martha Cochley be saying. Today, the nation's highest court is set to White House straight as opposed to gay. Robert Akset is an air polluted in the Clean Air Act QCPA, the part of start cutting the pollution from new vehicles that is leaking and having with our climate said they've had done a group of national resources defense counsel. Green House gas is a financially also emitted by cars, trucks and factories of the atmosphere that can trap heat close to their surface like the glass walls of a greenhouse, like that greenhouse in the movie to hand it rocks to cradle member then. I do. That was a good movie. Yeah, that was pretty good. And I still say that what's the name of a good demore, and George, he finally after all these years finally decided to agree. She looks a lot like Swilory. Swilory Clinton, you don't think so? Rebecca D. Morning. Uh, at least in that movie anyway, where she was the nanny. A lot of bad nannies and a lot of movies, for example in the Omen, remember the nanny with the dog with that wicked dog? I did not see the Omen. Ah! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Who am I talking to here? I bet you're criticizing the Omen. I've seen most of what I haven't seen the whole thing. Not. Are you speaking or am I just not hearing you? I was speaking. I said I've seen most of it. So in other words, you've come and you've turned it off before the end, before the climax is it, which you've done? You've watched any, he was like, oh man. And I was like, I was already started when I started watching it. Also, in other words, you stayed all the way through the end. Yep. Because if you were to said that you were watching and then you showed it off for your fellow slur. The fire was mad at us, but I don't think it's just anymore. How do you get them really peeled? Hey, listen, to eat it so a man, if that's what you like more power to you know. Some people are into like, you know, animal house, whether it was fine the first 400 times, you know, or do-y house around TV stuff like that. A lot of people like do-y style. Find a plane, why I'm making fun? That's do-y style. Do-y, do-y style. 133 votes are wish I had more time to vacation 189. Speaking of do-y style, has sex 147. Any style, any position will do as long as it works. Smell the roses 104. Relax, 99. Enjoy with my kids 84. Exercise 78. Sleep 69. I hate this poll only 65. I'm here 6.2 percent. A gigantic, if you mongous improvement over that crap we did yesterday, or 24 percent of the audience hated it. Oh, they wanted, they wanted out, they wanted out. Let me out of here. In fact, when I came into this morning I heard the fact that the thing was cutting out again like that, that's what I want out. But I can handle it. I think I'm doing it extraordinarily well. You want number 1? Why? Because I'm legendary. A lesser queen than me would have just gotten up and said, oh, screw this again to anybody's-it just walked out. Because it's in the line. We just took a vote on here a few minutes ago. It's in the line, even the audience. Everybody got into the things that's in the phone line. Raise your hand. Okay, so look at that. Minions of hands are going up all across the world, even in the Taiwan are going up all over the place. I wish I had more time to spend outdoors 38 to read 34 or all how boring. I mean, I'm not saying what's upon a time I didn't enjoy reading, but I don't have time for it. It's wasted time. You need it. Not some on the bull. You're only things, oh yeah, I don't know about you, but I'm one of those people. I don't want to mention that. I don't like wasting time because obviously it's special when you get to be old like me. You don't have that much time left. But all my life I've been like that. I have to have reading material when I'm on the throne. I'm going to have to have some magazine, the newspaper. I just, I always invariably try to grab a little something to read. Yeah, I'm not saying to see you. Yeah, oh, magazine. Well, I don't want to go into what kind of magazines. Read 34, party 29, surf the net 11, spend on my space 11. Wow. If I had any more time for that, there'd have to be 40 hours a day. How's it going, Ricky? See, it's a good thing that I got, I got Ricky on it, because he's a good guy, number one, a number two. See, it takes the pressure of some other correspondence for try to pass to find me and pat me on it like, oh, geez, calm down. Already, were you like that? You know, you believe that? That it takes the pressure off of them? No. I'm just made that up to make them feel better. I wish I had more time to work. That could be, see, yes, they may have been the dumbest pull-away ever, so if that could be the dumbest answer to a pull-away ever had. I wish I had more time to work, eight. I don't get it. Unless there are people who maybe like, depending on how much they work, that's how much money they make, do you see what I'm saying? Mm-hmm. Like, maybe a cab driver, something like that. I'm trying to rationalize for them to say, oh, yeah, I'm sure a cab driver doesn't want to work more. I mean, if that's what he needs to make the money, what are you talking about, Sunni? Come on. I'll put you in touch with my lesbianies, terrorists, cab driver. I'll give you a story. He's got more stories. Work, eight. Listen to music, seven, and watch TV, five. How about whistle-wide you work? How about that? I'm not a very good whistler. Not everybody can be greeted, everything. I'm an legendary, as far as opening a mouth and talking a lot of crap on here for hours of it and getting paid a lot of money to do it. I'm legendary in that regard. I would agree with that. Thousands and 36 votes. If we can get like, I don't know. I think 13 was an unrealistic number for you to pick Chris God. This is I with this news. It is 10 years later, the world is remembered that mass suicide of the heavens gate called in Ranch of Santa Fe, 39 people covered their heads in purple claws after eating pudding, lace with poison. They believe the spaceship was traveling behind the hillbob comet. It would pick up their souls. The only survivor of the call says he survived to tell the world about heaven's gate. Human beings are headed into the cosmos. I know that human beings and fish can call it just peacefully, but the main purpose of this spacecraft will be to carry them across beyond our orbit through other worlds for increasingly extended periods of time. He's the best. He'd be the best. It's a 1144 QAM and that's a bad news for you. I'm not there most of the time. Taking another toss of the tropical weather dart board, a group of university four cancers today predicted a very active hurricane season. Oh my God. I don't think we want to get anybody nervous over the last couple of years. They should have said that about this past year. It's going to be the worst year ever and we didn't have one. See now you're cutting out to the point where you're just disappearing and you don't come back. Yeah, like that. Only only one of those. Not good. Is it? They're in the line. If I was there, I'd be on the phone right now with a phone people screaming and yelling and wheelling and gnashing and throwing all kinds of elephant feces and stuff and just going bananas is what I'd be doing. But what do I know? It's true or anything. I mean, what could I possibly know about anything? What do you care about right down to it? Like programming for example. They're expecting 17 named tropical storms that grew in the nine hurricanes, including five intense hurricanes with winds of above 110 miles an hour. Yeah, which is over the past 40 years. Our 11th tropical storm, six hurricanes, and two intense hurricanes. In 2006, we had 10 named storms that became five hurricanes, two of which were intense so welcome relief after the barrage of 2004 and 2005. How could we forget? The six months season begins, June 1. Not another excellent reason to get there a lot of Florida while you can. Get out before it's too late. We're calling for a very active hurricane season this year, but not as active as the 2004 and five seasons. Thanks God, said Phil Komspaq, leader of the team of Colorado State University, scientists that include famed expert William Gray. I wonder if he's kind of Susan Gray? You know that guy that's always talking about Susan Gray and making all these drug-ertory comments and whatever? Sure. I wonder if he knows Chris Bush. The reason for the predictive above average storm production, developing La Nina conditions in the Western Pacific, those relatively cool sea temperatures can suppress cross winds that help us by tearing apart developing hurricanes. Oh, when it knocked out, tear apart. La Nina is the opposite of El Nino, well, with things so. Relatively warm Pacific temperatures that can amplify those cross winds last you a mild El Nino helped them in a short-cane activity. Another example of the juvenile behavior of mankind, the child El Nino, all of this crap. I remember when I had that board again, Nino, I was his name that used to be the hurricane, so the one to Texas, Nino, come on. I don't know anything, another iron, remember. Well, he was the, he was a board again Christian and what when he go into his rap about El Nino, I would just about fall off the chair. Well, you stop at all the Getsky crap I'll write you for a bison. Nino, I can't think of his name. That's a shame. Yeah, that brush cut, you know, before we foreshadowed here, became fashionable. We've seen El Nino conditions dissipate quite rapidly. Let this winter, so we don't think that's going to be an inhibiting fact for this year, Clots back said. Also we have warm Atlantic sea service temperatures this year, which we've just seen about every year since 1995. Several other teams have issued similar predictions and government scientists have issued their seasonal forecast next month. The Colorado State team also predicted today, 74 percent chance that the entire US coast line will receive a direct hit by an intense hurricane and a 50 percent chance that the East coast, including all of Florida, gets lacked. How do you like that? A 50 percent chance that the East coast, including all of Florida, all of it gets left still. These long-range predictions tend to be far less than a real time forecast of an actual storm and nobody has shown any skill in predicting this far ahead. We're trying for a weather will strike. They just like to scare the day off out of everybody. Oh, you better get the bad, you know. Like during the cold war, they said these PSAs had run on TV and it would show the kids showing what to do when there was a nuclear war if they were dropping nuclear weapons. I argue kids are crawling to the desk now. Yeah, that should do it when you think crawling on your desk in school. Yeah, could save the life. That should protect you from just about anything I would think. Last year, the Colorado State team in government forecast is consistently aired on the high side, the year before they consistently aired on the low side. Well, what does that tell you? Well, it sounds to me like they're consistently airing when in doubt air it out. The latest prediction came during the national hurricane conference in New Orleans. Greatest scheduled to rest about 2004 cases, emergency managers and others on Friday. Get everybody all whipped up with my dad. Oh, my God. Fancy. Plus, face it if we didn't have a hurricane's in tornadoes and violent weather. All these people would be out of business. Who would really care, you know. So they have to be fear-mongers. Am I right? You bet. That's what city. Oh, don't tell me the story didn't print out. That would be, oh, it did not print out the whole story. I got to go back. Oh, I hate when that happens. Don't you? Now let me see why this did this. Uh, I guess I better, uh, highlight it, huh? Yeah, you better do that. Well, I mean, it's only like the last couple of sentences didn't print out, but I hate when that happens. Since you're the computer expert, the wizard. And Chris will be pleased to know, I guess I told you this, tomorrow, I'll look at first and went down there for the little one. I want to tell you it was the reason because it's working just fine now. Otherwise, I wouldn't have been able to send Jarx to his 400 stories. Erick said they had a problem at the server or something like that. A car was bad or something. I don't know. They had a bad card, huh? Give her good turn down with a bad credit card. No? No. No? No? You know how embarrassing that is? I'm trying to think it'd have happened to me, but it just, it just would seem to me to be. I don't think so. Neil Frank was like, who? Neil Frank. Neil Frank, there you go. What a tough name, Frank. Like Bonnie Frank, Bonnie Fag. Uh, Dr. Neil Frank, with a short hair and a real good guy, but it really just went out of the real board again for a business, you know? El Nino, the child, the child. The child, my ass. Okay, cut the crap. Talk like are we living and breathing him and being in the 21st century and stuff without having like some kind of a bozo, would you please? The best, the highest quality of life among global cities, guess what is the highest? You'll ever guess. Let me give you a clue that you can possibly miss, okay? It begins the first letter is Z. How many cities do you know that begin with Z? Not two, right? Not one. Well, pick one. Maybe another clue, it's in Switzerland. Schwartz. There you go. Zurich. Oh, no, what it was, didn't you? He still had no idea. You wouldn't know where to find Switzerland on the map if they put a gun to your head. Either one of you. Well, I could tell you that. Well, you know where to find Switzerland on the map. Come on. That's how I could give you the range. I couldn't point to it exactly. I could tell you the ballpark, it's that. Yeah, it was like somewhere in Europe. Somewhere west of what used to be the Soviet Union. Oh, man. Zurich and Switzerland, his the highest quality of life among global cities, while guess what's got the lowest life in Spadawak, John McCain is saying, begins with a B, and it's in Iraq. Bag, bag, dad. The court was survey of 215 centers compiled by a merciless human resource counseling. Well, I got to get all these, I got to find the whole list. Because every time you give one of these stories, they only give you a look in a Schmeri, you know. The survey score cities on marker sessions, the availability of healthcare, the level of air pollution, and the presence of harmful animals before ranking them against New York is the base city. Another Swiss city, Geneva, came in second of the so-called quality of living in this. Oh, I don't like that. Who wants to live in Switzerland? I've never been there. Probably pretty nice. When you think? Yeah. Followed by the capital of Vienna, Austria. Van Koverr was number three. Four. Whatever it had was. Auckland, New Zealand. Also ranked top city in Asia. Sydney, Australia. And Wellington, and Australia, and Sydney, another in Prithmade up the rest of the Asian top five. This is so hard to follow. After Van Koverr, Canadian cities Toronto, Ottawa, Montreal, and Calgary, filled up the North American top five. How do you like that? Four of the top five North American cities. Well, wait a minute. All of them. All five are in Canada, A. Van Koverr, Toronto, Ottawa, Montreal, and Calgary are the top five highest quality of life cities in North America. All in Canada, A. So you people are going to call Canada a soft. See, I want to even know, huh? Here's a survey that proves it. And I just said so. Yamama. Do so, Dorf, and Frankfurt in Germany were fourth and fifth place in Europe. Oh, you can take Frankfurt, man. And you can stick that place with a moon dome shine. Oh, not a big fan. Not at all. I wouldn't go back there if you paid me by the step. What's wrong with it? It's not anything at all like the rest of Germany, at least in Berlin and Calon. I mean, those are great places. Frankfurt is mostly like illegal aliens. He'd like Moroccan and Algerians, and I don't know. Strange people. And it's just, I don't know, ugly city. But anyway, the surveys used to have governments and corporations, place employees, international postings, Mercer said. If a bottom of the Invest, Brasaville in the African country of Congo, Bungui, and I have no idea if I'm saying that, right, because I never heard of it. And the Central African Republic, and Cartoon, the capital of Sudan, scored lowest after it's in the bag, dad. Cartoon. I'm not going to race in though. I'm going to put him out to start. Cartoon. Remember Cartoon in the Godfana? Yes. I mean, it's one thing to love your animals. But when you're sleeping with a horse and your bed, not a good sign if you ask me. Mercer also produces index, rank, and then their levels of health and sanitation. The top five season net index were in North America, except for the Finland capital of Helsinki, which ranked third, I've been there. You've been there and know you haven't. Nan, nan, nan, nan, how do you like that? Boy, you talk about beautiful people in Helsinki. Oh my God. All I can tell you, do you want me to sum up Helsinki in one word? Please. Here's the word. That's the word. Wow. It's like that, huh? It's like that. Oh, beautiful. Those fins, man. If you don't go there, you're finished. Baku and Azerbaijan, DACA in Bangladesh, Anton Arivo, would Anton Arivo, I never heard of it in Madagascar. Oh, no wonder. And Haiti's capital port upfront, also scored the lowest for health and sanitation because they're like a medical infrastructure and underdeveloped the waste and sewage removal systems. The surveys connect with each year with rankings changed in the interim of the country's assessment is revised. I think that's pretty dramatic when you, the top five cities in North America for probably like our all in Canada. How do you like that? Vancouver. Because you can go out in the smoke, a big fat one in the street, nobody even gave you a second look. Toronto, Ottawa, Montreal, and Calgary filled out the North American top five. That is shocking is what it is. I'm excited. There are people out there listening to me right now, waiting to like plots. And they don't even know what they'll look mean. It's just like Joshua to the process. Now plots. You know what it means to plots? Yeah. What does it mean plots? No, that's not what it means. No matter how you interpret what you just said, oh, that's not what it means. That would, you know, leave it, leave it, don't come up with something, grow test, get disgusting. That was smell bad. 464 votes on the pool. Chris, you can take your 13, 100. Like I said, our goal is 1,200. I mean, technically theoretically we could do it, you know. We need 236 in 2 hours and 4 minutes. I mean, do the math. Anybody that says do the math ought to be shot, you know, before they can get it out of their mouth, do the math. Hate that. Don't you hate that expression? Yes. There's a lot of hate going around. 134 friends at our MySpace page, by the way, 1304, each or hard out Miguel, he never dreamed. The money saved was hoping we'd someday get to a thousand if I would long enough. And I love to be 200. Yeah. And we got 1304. And we don't put just anybody in everybody on there. Believe you me. We don't put a lot of, you know, we only put so many people under that we like. This is pretty quick. Whenever I shape up all, I listen to the meal Rogers 12, 1 hour. I shout it. Well done everybody. Welcome to The planning hall by the manager-man. The manager congressman 1. thunderstorms the metal waves the central ground the 3 rock chemin. 12 17im high high mountains goes down to the Street. I'm a part of the church, I think that's what I've got In the storm, the current, the sky by my hand If you resist me, I will cut off your head The end of history, I want all of you dead I'm dying out of hand You're fairly I'm a part of the church, I'm a part of the church I'm a part of the church, I'm a part of the church I'm a part of the church, I'm a part of the church I'm a part of the church, I'm a part of the church I'm a part of the church, I'm a part of the church I'm a part of the church, I'm a part of the church I'll be glad they have any way to include that new vacation You're doing a smart thing, right? Not like Fredo, smart! Correct? Correct. Now do you think anybody's gonna be there on Friday I'm good Friday, let me take a look at this schedule Kenny and Bow? I'm here from 10 to 1, doesn't see they don't even have that right on the schedule Let's host parents and say hey, where are you going? Where are you going? I don't know where he is, it's not the occasion, oh, no good I'm going to go to Gusta and then oh, look at that, oh no See, that's because the Humper is trying to get in the smart and it's fat all the way It's in for the Humper on Friday, he's doing the power hour with Mad Dog Wow, holy moly In fact, it says the power hour with Joseph Gekke and Marlon's round table Now is that the round table or the square table, look at the confused And what is the real story on that? Did they ever really hear Schmidt-Kan that dealers it doors it just last week? Did we find out? Well, I haven't noticed it the last two days when I've put it on on the way in The square table is missing, ah huh, that's a little stole it That should do with anything Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha That should turn that baby around, I love it Okay, let's take a look at the poll, okay? Because your Christmas thinking 13, I would not think in Christmas hiber ventilating He's nuts, I'm thinking 12 hundred's good, whatever we get over that Be like nice bonus, you know, oh, you found out why hammer is not here Friday That's what I just got to your saying, I said Joseph Gekke's, ah, well Did you get hallucinating? I just got to say, no, who's not why? Because it's good Friday No, because he's not so free, yes, Pan He's one doing something for ESPN Well, good for him, maybe it's the Florida derby, is that this weekend? That was this past weekend And then you know, you do realize it's not that far away And oh, Josh was there for a couple of those Dave Johnson shows Do you realize it's the six hundred here in the road that Dave and I will be Confedulating on here if we're both alive by them What is it the first Saturday or the second Saturday? I mean, I think it's the first Saturday in May, the derby Right So it's only like about a month away to derby day And Dave Johnson, I'll both see if we can pick what we haven't done it about 30 years But here's the poll I wish I had more time to vacation to 01 Have sex 157 Huh, smaller roses 107 Relax 101 Enjoy with my kids 90 Exercise 79 Sleep 73 Let me just tell you right now, okay, eventually there will be plenty of time to sleep for all of us So those people have on a like, you know, sleep and sleep free at about it It's actually gonna be plenty of time Hey, that was my vote You voted for that? Yeah, I never sleep Why is that? Because I work all day and day and then I, you know, and you're curousing all night You're getting drunk and be you're curousing with that Russian girlfriend all night kind of Give it a rest, though, that he'll up for a few days, okay? God, sleep 73 I hate this poll 66, and here's 6.1% Enjoy with my spouse or significant other 56 More 10 to spend outdoors 38 to read 35 Wow Party 29, surf the net 12 Spend on my space 11 I wish I had more time to work eight Ha ha ha ha Oh God, let's do a 30 hours show what he is say Jesus, God, what is wrong with those people? Listen to music 7 and watch TV only 5 Trying to settle this, this totally blew my way You're gonna track this settled this I'm gonna tell you if you ate that British cuisine, you'd be constipated all the time too I gotta give them a little a little slacker Just a little tiny bit You would talk like you were constipated, you would act like you were constipated Between a royal family and a British diet, oh Just unbelievable I'm not actually, well there's one right there, QAM hello Neal, how you doing? Okay, sir Hey, so the people who want more time to have sex They should give my agress up my fat, you know Yeah That was worth it, the one called it That was good, and he got a big kick out of it too That was the best part So you're not supposed to stick with their pal, because when you stand up Real fast, they fall into your rectum Yeah So you don't stick them pills in it Oh, and that's another thing an answered, I must be in the lead Is the roster guys I'm always telling you about Yeah I should have worn my buddy Mike from FSU That's going to London the study for and I keep telling him He's gotta take a weekend and go to Amsterdam And I know he's going to do it, dying to go there He's going to take a buddy and go with the Amstadam And just watch out for the roster guys, already worn that But then I just pebbled and like they'll walk around on the street I'll cook, ecstasy, biagra, biagra Oh And I just I love shoot him away, you know Like, dude, f**k, get out of here, get away from here F**k, go away Biagra, ecstasy, cook See nothing's perfect, and that's what we've proven But there are plenty of faults with Amstadam I've told you that one, the biggest one being the Dutch, you know One of the other ones being the roster people Another one is of course the crappy food I mean, oh my god, talk about fat Wow There are some cities that are renowned for their great food like a roll My man, the food in Italy, if you would Italy and you can't get a great meal You have your clueless, either that or very unlucky Like no green memory, you think I'm unlucky I think I'm skimming off the top, no, you're just unlucky I see I got the whole other dialogue, you're screwed up, that's okay See, this is the same guy that forgot I ate the bacon ate a clock And then I made some more gammel, and you know something I think I forgot about both times now, that's how good it was Get all in night traits, all those chemicals in my system Creating a gigantic big tumor in my pupic, oh man F**k, and 86 votes on a pool, 14 more for $1100 And then after that, it's problematic, after that crystal say Oh, we can do it all man, you'll see, just keep pushing it and pushing it Yeah, push this I love this story Victor Gold, a friend of George Herbert Walker bush that's bush one And the Cheney family, is that a release of books climbing the bush administration entedled in ways of the party snatchers, how the holy rollers and the neocons Destroyed the GOP, oh, it sounds good to me Oh, it will read that book Yeah, I would read that, for all the row filters side of his being a strong chief executive George W. Bush has been by comparison to even hapless Jimmy Carter The weakest, most out of touch present modern times gold rights Think Dan Quail and cowboy boots In other words, like that In 2001 gold, wrote going biographies, a George W. Bush and Big Cheney for their first Immigration at the request of Lynn Cheney, a man of gravitas with a quick and easy With his how he described Cheney then Grabitas, yeah, as in grave, he's grave all right, ought to be in it In a soon to be released book, gold refers to Cheney as a vice president Out of control who has a touch of paranoia and is a megalomaniac reports The Washington Post In many ways, gold's till of this illusion, it is a familiar when continues to post There are plenty of veterans of Reagan and Bush 41 around town The belief that Bush and Cheney have trashed the institutions and party They help build from the record to the gold water campaign But there aren't many who have been on a first name basis with those They believe are doing the trashing, there aren't many like Vic Gold Well, that's good, the name of the book again is Invasion of the party snatchers, how the holy roars and the neocons destroyed the GOP, the G-old party, not to mention misfold it Oh, talk about that You're fairer, and of course you're governor-gate Are we getting to 1100 or what? See, before we get to 1200, we've been 13, we've got to get to 111st Why is it how often do those things be fresh without doing a manual? Probably like every couple of minutes. Every couple of minutes. Well, that's not fast enough for an old fart like me. I want some action on here, baby. I want that thing to be refreshing like every 15 seconds, Bumble, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, maybe Like that, as opposed to like just, I think some action. Right. See how I was stone for that. Now, let me ask you this, are you cutting out anymore, Do I have anything? Well, have you heard anything? I mean, George came in and said that maybe everything You know, maybe everything would be hunky dory. He doesn't think it's the line, by the way. And still cutting out, and it is the line. Well, what does he know? Well, what does he think of his? He did not tell us. We didn't really get into that. And then why would he think everything is going to be hunky dory? Is there anything been changed like his underwear? Anything has happened? Like an act of God, like maybe the dead Pope, the fat, and how can you be the Pope would be fat? If he was so wise, how could he be such a fat slob? And all right? It's a good point. Yeah. He's supposed to be the moral, I think he thought he was going to be the oral leader in more ways than one. I don't want to give him the altar-board thing, but nevertheless, on fact, they showed the new Pope, man, they were showing that we're talking about this broad, this none, you know, that he's going to be a saint because he here in my Parkinson's. And they showed a shot of a new Pope, swept it around there in the Vatican, and they showed the altar-board is behind him. And they must do a nationwide search over and tidy to find those kids. My God, you talk about pristine and clean, even impressed this old queen. I thought, holy crap. Man, you wanted to be a hands-off. I beg your pardon? You wanted to be a ill-bop-off for a day? No way. No way. I mean, these kids were like 16 and 17, but boy, they sure I'm telling you. They don't want to say anything. No, they were the cream of the crop. They looked really just nice. But anyway. Well, you know, I mean, if you're going to be in a position like they were even like molest all those children, you might as well at least molest the cute ones, right? Who the hell wants to molest ugly people? Is that a good point? Yes, it is. Nobody ever tried to molest me, damn it. Anybody have a heart or a liver? Record like gas prices. Gas prices. Have you seen how much a gallon of gas costs today? But if you're one of the people queuing at the prices you see now, just wait. And we'll say they could soon be going even higher. But this is like it's going to be $4 this summer, maybe. I don't know. But this is ridiculous. You know, this is ridiculous. This is ridiculous. Three days, you like it? Two. It's pretty tough emotion. Not bad, up. Gas stations charge to home. That is too much. Three days ago, price goes down, can't feel the wrong. Come on, this doesn't expensive. Taking a road trip in an SUV is going to be expensive. I know my bird shoot is tight. Will your mother lonely the money? He's still pay for his to crack the nears. I'll stop packing the grunches. It just tastes right. They can't afford to pay for it. Ooh, and direct expensive. Come for when we now, this gas comes to much dough. You don't have to go in a low home. There is pity on me and he could walk. I don't get to the phone. Sometimes just to fill up your need of bag loans. I like to pay less for gas. I don't imagine you're too happy with the price to gas lately these days. That should make you way. I'm as loud as I am. Hey, let's start it. There's any more. Alright. Then it's not like the power that we know will love on an issue. Time is mad at us. But our Lord says it doesn't work. Did it. Some more stuff do. Maybe it wasn't. I think it was the real thing, wasn't it? Solid like it. Well, let's try it again. Let me just sit back there baby. I have a little. I don't imagine. I don't imagine. I don't imagine. I don't imagine. I don't imagine. I don't imagine. I don't imagine. I don't imagine. I don't imagine you're too happy with the price to gas lately these days. That should make you way. I'm as loud as I am. I don't. I don't think there's any more. Yeah, that was from a different part of the movie. But that was him. That was a Peter Finch. He was so great. And that was such a great movie. And it's about what Josh says. Don't let anybody in this audience ever be a deterred from watching network. Because it's one of the most brilliant and one of the most. Way ahead of its time movies ever made. It's a little slow at times. But it's pretty good. When you step with this slow with this slow everything's going to have action and shooting and killing and all kinds of, you know, cram. Especially when I say that. But that's what you're thinking. No, there's a couple of times where it just gets a little wordy. And it's just a little like, OK, get to the next point. Get to the next point. Yes. Listen to me. Television is not the truth. So turn off your television. You have to tell the television said, show them off right in the middle of the set. But that sounds like what I'm hearing today again. Right in the middle of the set. Anyway, let's not, oh, this is a horrible story. You notice I have a really big pile of it because I knew we had to hold for a few hours. See how I had to go back into training. All the way, occasionally do sneak in a phone call. Few a.m. Hello. Hello. Yes. Just calling for now. Speaking. Hey, now. It happened to Amsterdam about, I don't know, like six times or something like that. Yeah. And I have to get that stuff to you kind of lose count. But the last time I was there was 1988. When I got married, took my wife over and needless to say, it wasn't the same experience having my wife with me. It became my dream. But tell me, because you're talking a lot about it, what is different today in Amsterdam than it was in those days? Is there more progressive folks serving what, because there was a lot of those days. Yeah. Yeah. They had a factory where they multiplied them, I think. They, they stamp them out. Yeah. Rostopunks. No, not punks old. Old, smelly, nasty, rostogized pedaling drugs in the streets. I mean, it's not like, it's not like, Zillions of them, but there's just enough to be a little bit annoying. They were, they were pervasive in the 80s. So at the, of course, they're not. In terms of food, have you ever been to, um, semisabelle? Is it a, uh, a high place? What is it? Something. Same again. Same as Sabo. S a m a, S a b. I heard it. Where were, well, part of town is it in? Oh, God. I don't remember the street. It's sitting around town. And, uh, it's got, you know, great Thai food, if you like Thai food. Okay, but I look forward, but it's probably not there no more. You know how that goes. I know. Okay, I'll see you in the dam right. I'll see you in McDonald's. We'll see you there. Bye. See you in Mickey D's with that red. I wonder if that red still run around in there. The one under the deep fryer. He loves them fries. Then Thomas Futith is, man. The Dutch are very big on that. Those French fries. See, that was another problem with that call. I took coming. He was a good call. And he had actually a little bit to say not too much. But, um, that kept cutting out, too. Hmm. Hmm. Not good. A 33 year old woman was arranged Sunday and charges a legion shoe offered to let an undercover investigator take pornographic photos of her seven year old daughter and have sex with a girl. This is in Taylor, Michigan. Now, this audience, if you're like a religious listener, somebody is listening to the legendary meal for years and years and years. Maybe if you have a really good memory, you'll be called and I told you that Taylor Michigan is like, it's a suburb of Detroit, but just approved you that red neck bill is not in Southern USA. I mean, most northern cities have got a red neck suburb. And believe me, you mean what I said, yeah, Taylor Michigan is nothing but red neck's trailer trash. The woman was arrested Friday after taking the girl that will hotel in Romulus, New Detroit, Metropolitan Airport, where she had agreed to meet the investigator the way County Sheriff's Department said. And that's another piece of information. Do not go to Detroit. Don't go anywhere near Detroit. Don't think about going to Detroit. Don't get about it. That's my best one of the best piece of advice I'll ever give you a ask. Do not go to Detroit. How's eight, mom? Don't go to email. It's still all, you want to go to email, bro. Okay? See, these punks think because the M&M did that, you know, the whole deal with eight model, they know something about Detroit, forget about it. The riots were 1967 that's 40 freaking years ago, and a place is that they broke down 40 years ago. Are still burned out? They still haven't been replaced or we've done or whatever. The truck blows. They used to be great, you know, back before then before 67. See, one thing about me, I always know if I'm pissed off and other people I'll, I'll, what all it was burned down my neighborhood, just to show them how pissed off I am. That makes sense? No. An accurately, please was headed on behalf of the women who are represented by a lawyer at the Raymond Department's folksman John Roach said she was helping the lieu of a million dollars bail and preliminary examination was scheduled for April the 12th. Authority said the woman offered to let the investigator take the photos for a fee, and once he met him, the scuss being paid and exchanged for sex with the child according to the trick free press. This is a truly horrifying case, Sheriff Warren Evans said in this statement, that think that a woman will offer her own daughter in this way is impossible to comprehend. Seven year old girl, the girl under four siblings ages 12, 11, nine and six were all in protective custody. See, this is Taylor, Michigan. They're popping one out every nine months. They got that big jar of vassily and on top of the TV, I'm sure you heard me tell that story. I don't think so. Well, it's a very sad place. The name of the woman who lives in misty trite suburb Taylor, Michigan, wasn't being released to avoid identifying the child. She faced five charges including child sexually abusive behavior, illegal use of internet for child sexually abusive actions or materials, and distribution of child sexually abusive material. She was also charged with prostitution since the department said she propositioned the investigator herself. The department said the woman advertised herself online is a prostitute. Well, at least she was honest with her, and at least she wasn't BS and she wasn't like somebody else's face. Phone is on there. I don't care like that. If convicted, you get up 20 years in the slumber. They have a fry her ass, okay? Right there on TV on Trent Channel 51 and Detroit. A channel 7 would Dave dials and Bill Bonds. Well, those are the days, man. Those are the days. WXYZ. WKNR, Keener, 30. And of course, it goes without saying. WXYZ. WKNR, Keener. WKNR, Keener. Those are the golden days, man. A radio. When a radio was worth actually owning. When people didn't keep plushing them down the toilet. That's what most people do now. Especially if they have like one of those old AM-only radios like we used to have when I was a kid. They just flushed him down the toilet. Same thing as everything else you're flushed down there. Same value. 1113 old being on the pool. I don't think we're going to get to 1200 by the top of the hour. So I think that you're assesman. Let's go for 1250. How's that sound? Sure, sound like a bill. Huh? Sound like a bill. You're going to be satisfied with that? 1250 will I do it for you? Yeah, sure, of course. You're going to have to take whatever they give you. I don't think you're cutting out anymore. Unless you just whispering now or something like I did. You're going to work your own things off? Well, I'm right here. What are you talking about? Oh, you're cutting out again. Hey, man, go in the lot. If you can't apply no song up on my rack, If the market's alright, I promise I'll bomb a rack. If the terrorist surplus, if the market's dangerous, if the fiction, if the script, if the stupid Steve, bomb a rack, a rack, a rack. If we have no wildlife with us, bomb a rack, If we think that someone says this, bomb a rack, a rack, a rack. So, to help with the intentions, let's put tough for the connections, close your mind, the things that wets you from our rack. Huh? Call it mine and call the orders from our rack. A rack, a rack. Or are my 16s or four, there's bomb a rack, a rack. A rack, a factory will call the trees, unless they're born up, the seeds that live in, if we have no reason, bomb a rack. Up 30 to 5, 60, WM-1, the legendary New Roger show, God Almighty, it is such a thing to be legendary, you know? Yeah, what's that like? I don't know, I have no idea what I get out of bed in the morning, I feel just like me, and I don't feel any more or less impotent or anything else. Just like you have a fat old Jew, you know, an old Jew, a fact. Nothing wrong with that though, it's better than the alternative. See, that's the one thing, lady, I've got to stop me from doing that. This old age, business, oh, I, so old, you know? It sounds like, sounds like the guy's across the street. You know, they're also old over there. Yeah, two men we can't be young and hip like you. Like us, two gods. Oh man, woo! That is really sick. Speaking of 60, long rights, O'Wildly uses his friend's sickness for political attacks. Speaking of really, really sick. Below. Just when you think, O'Wildly could sink no lower, he says. He shows this that there is never low enough for him. This past week, Bill found it somehow palatable to spin the sad news that Tony's no cancer had reemerged in a way, hit your out on the left. Bill must have forgotten his excoriations of Jimmy Carter from making a political comment in the midst of someone else's personal pain at Coretta Scott King's funeral, or Paul Ballstone funeral organizers for allowing a very solemn occasion deteriorated into a political rally. Friday on the TV factor, he and Michelle Malkin, raked the hopping and post Royceecoff across the coals, for actually having one of the 900 HP bloggers post an anti-Snow column that was up for eight hours. Then hit him for an attack on Snowball, one of the thousands of commenters. Thank God, you don't have stuff like that happening on free republic dot com, or any other right wing site. But it gets better, worseer. If using a friend's sickness as a political tool isn't sick enough, go turn his wickly newspaper column on Tony's no-zimlets into a partisan slime of Howard Dean in the left. The sub-christined culture warrior, not to be confused with an actual, and listing in the military warrior, wrote that when I examine the other side, the Bush haters and far left zealots, I compare them to Tony Snow. If I'm in a foxhole, or if I left depends on another person, do I want Snow or Howard Dean. We saw the fact that it takes humongous balls in zero shame to not pass out from the smell within ten miles of this partisan tribe. I wonder if Bill would rather spend time in an actual wartime in a foxhole with someone who served like far left zealots on John Mertha, or someone who somehow forgot to volunteer during Vietnam, say like, I don't know Bill. Oh, Riley. But never lost. So he's turned up that story again. She didn't put him the shredder damning. You're fair. You're fair. Simbledon. Sorry. Oh, now where is this episode showing on? Here are all these gizkies. This is the same time, my old students from their brother, which I've put begun attacking video shops in the capital. What's down in common, say, is that talking about... You must be the Saudi type. Nice, mottable, nice head up. Pakistan. Is that what they're having here? So it's the madrasses in Pakistan, which they got by way of the Saudis, who taught them how to be a really fanatic in the kill a lot of people. Here's the poll results so far. I think we're doing okay. We're not going to get to like no 13. There was, that was Chris, getting a little carried away. You know, when you're on the show long enough, and you start thinking that you're legendary too. There's only room for one legendary individual on the show. Okay, you know who that is, Chris? That's correct. I'm not as well starting arrogant and he gets pissed for a while now. You know, we got, let's see, it's already April. So there's like 12 and 9 is 20 or 21 months to go. I mean, it's almost two years, but 21 months. Don't you think we ought to start doing the official countdown? Now, you, I thought you said, you're not going to be done. What do you mean by that? You're going to renew that. You're going to do this forever, man. Yeah, right. 21 months, baby. Count it down right now. 21 months. Then I'm moving to Berlin. I'm hiring a search party to move with me to Berlin, and I'm going to find, question two years, you know. God, I don't know's what I might find in between. 1120, we've also on the pool. I wish I had more time to vacation to 11. I have sex 161. How about having sex while on vacation? Sounds like a real good combo, like a combo deal. Smell the roses one away. Relax, 107. Enjoy more time to enjoy with my kids 95. To exercise 86. How about just going for a brisk walk from here to the door and back? Sleep 74. See, that's one thing about going for a walk. What's that? Mom, sure, a punk like you never thought about. In addition to which who walks in Florida, where is there anywhere to walk? Where I live out there in the acres. There aren't even any sidewalks. If you wanted to go for walk, you can't do it. Unless you want to walk in the street like some kind of a moron. What thing about a walk? The longer you keep going, the better it is because then you've got to turn around and walk back. That's right. And that could think in. Well, what logic? I know what to our engine, do you know? Anybody can come up with an ingenious observation like that? We're going to have more time to sleep 74. Believe me, someday you will. And then you'll think, what you won't think. I hate this pool 71. I'm here 6.3% not bad. Enjoy with my spouse or significant other 57. Spend outdoors 40. Read 36. Party 31. Surf the net 12. Spend on my space 12. With all my good clothes personal piezons, all three or four of them. Work 9. See, there's some of the similar wise guys, some smart ass voter for there. Just to aggravate me. I don't care. If you want to work 24.7, that's fine with me. Be a schmuck. We should have more time to work 9. Flushing the music aid. And watch TV. That thing hasn't moved since the get-go since I sat down here this morning. Only five people, I wish they had more time to watch TV. Probably because they've watched it like 15, 18 hours a day. How did you like that story? I told you about spending 16 hours one day I would buy feeding a machine trying to break on through. Break on through the other side like the doors couldn't do it. That's pretty good. Couldn't do it. That machine wouldn't budge. That bad machine, man. I think that's the ability to have a paddle. When you go in there so that you can spank the machine if it's really a bad machine. Isn't that what you do with like a kid if it's a bad kid you spank them with a paddle? That's right. That was never so guy. I wasn't there to see it. All I have seen is some of these old ethnic cities, old European people that have no manners at all. Very rude and crude. And I've seen them kicking machines. And then bang it on. My favorite though, especially the people from India, very superstitious. Very, uh, holy, uh, holy moly kind of. And they, they're not the only ones, but they're, they're very big on it. Waving their hands across the glass and they smear their hands across the glass. They get a spin on the wheel of fortune. They get up because you know the wheels up on top. And they like do the same. Hocus, focus. They're like waving. And they're really, really effective. Not. Then do a damn thing. Or here's a fact. And it's another pool. For a follow up to today's pool, I would gladly work extra hours to avoid. And now this is a good pool. It's not from a strong, or to a university, Dodgian. We've got basically three sources of pools. We've got Sean, our old pool friend. We used to be the pool us for now. You know, you're stupid little bit Sean. We appreciate everything you've done, but you're, you know, you've been passed up like you were laying down prawn. And then we got to Charlie B. Of course, then we got the university Dodgian, who obviously are selling a whole lot of vehicles. And maybe they're selling them all out. Maybe that's what it is. Or maybe they've heard Kim Boe campers showing them morning on the station. And they try to do anything else to stop thinking about it. And I'm trying. I would gladly work extra hours to avoid spending time with my in laws. Going home to the wife and kids going to the dentist. Ooh. I'm so glad I'm done with those two episodes, man. Oh. Going to a Marlin's game. I gladly work extra to avoid going to a Panthers game. We love the Panthers. No. I love to see you, why so? Hey, Stevie. Come on over and let's say have a little party over here. Stevie, just you and me. Going to my kids little league game entertaining out of town company. Going to visit out of town family. And I. At the end, they got one, two, three, four, five of them. I hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate this pool. I think I did six. Well, I'll take one back. That's not bad. What do you think? Jump, jump, jump. I don't work. I don't work. Sounds good to me. And look at that. I was going to do this story. And now is the James do Han or is it doing? How are you doing? He's not doing two goodies dead. From a start track? Do Han. Yes. See, I was never a trick. I mean, yeah, I like to see it. Okay, and I want to hot. Well, how is it? Me neither. What is it doing? Yeah, you're right, but I'm saying I was never a trick. Oh, I thought you said you knew how to say. Me neither. Well, you're cutting out a little bit. You know, I'll judge course. I will come in and say the problem is solved. It's not in a line. And he's just making it up. But the Lord even loves you, Roger. Swing. Hello and welcome to a colonist fair. Caracana, former Miss USA, Donald Trump decided to give you a second chance. If you want to rehab. Now that your rain is over, what are you going to do? You know, still not going to let the dead smell go off. How long have you been off the wagon? A couple of days. I have to have a drink right now. Tira, I don't think that's a good idea. One quick fix. No, I don't think so. Well, maybe I can just have one more drink. No, no, not in my show. Oh, gee. One more is not going to hurt. Hold it. That's how it is. Wait, not that. Come on. You're not saying. You're not saying, I ran away. Go on. Go on. You know, there's obviously something not right here. It's going to be great. You'll understand. You know, I thought yesterday. It's going to play good times off, I did. It's just wrong. You're cut. But that's bad. My memories going real bad. My old time, I was really bad. I was really bad. I was really bad. I was really bad. I was really bad. I was really bad. I was really bad. I was really bad. I don't care what anybody says. I mean you tend to do your opinion like George, but as usually as the case, he's overcrap. And then the one of the great TV themes of all time. Good times. It's outstanding. It's just fine. What, you don't agree? No, it's only one two that yesterday. I said it was good. Oh, good thing. I think this is great. I remember when I was born in the day when I was born, I guess I'm like bald headed Tom Jika. And he was going through a thing about the Jefferson's, the water racist, a bad stereotype was in a racist show and I would say that anybody would say something like that is an idiot. Of course, in subsequent years we found out that I was right. Because one thing we found out about Jika was, I was just bald. So bald. Right. How can anybody say that? It's a comedy show, okay. It's a comedy. Do you know anybody like George Jefferson? Do you be at a very dark folk's like George? No. No. And what was his wife named? She's dead by the way. The actress had played his wife. That's bad. She was good. What was it? I don't know. Weezy. But he's easy. How could he be a Jefferson's fan? And I remember weezy. It makes me a little or queasy to think that you forgot about weezy man. And then it'll allow us to watch the performance of the maid. Florence. She and there's only five people on our poll today say they want to stay more time to watch TV because they just don't make shows like that. No mole. I mean, you know you got your staples. You got South Park and you got the Colbert report. You got, you know, what's his name? They're a Schmerkel. And then that's about it. And you got the course. The best one TV keeps over me. Nobody watches on the countdown. 8 to 9 PM. Because it's on a channel. Nobody watches. That's the other thing you need to do. Becers give me out of the habit of this business. Talking about I'm an old fart and all those other crap. Is to watch MSNBC instead of CNN. See, were creatures of habit. That's bad. Yeah. I mean, it's okay. I mean, like the people have been listening to me because I'm legendary for 100 years. That's good. That's good. Don't stop. Whatever you do. You're so sexy. Like yesterday's poll was real bad. And with last couple of days I can't hear what's going on in this time. But we're like that. But nevertheless, we're everyone. He knows MSNBC. G-E. Imagination and work. And if something impressive that MSNBC. Although they got these Bimbled Brads on there. And if then then they got Tucker Carlson on it. Four would have to bow tie. He still a jackass in a pansy. And then they got Chris Matthews. It talks on the corner of his mouth. It was a power text. Yeah. Oh, like I just keep the over my luck. I said MSNBC, we're restricted to the weekends when they have all those documentaries. Show some work. Pretty good. I've only seen the good ones about 400 times each. Have you ever watched MSNBC in your team? You have not either one of you. I mean, very, very, very, very very. So like once a year, L.E. accent, like a surf and on fire on that remote. Am I right? Yeah. You've got you, Chris. It will all blend on there. What do you do? Take away his food this morning or something or what? Larvings. Nobody must have peed on your cornflake. Sometimes, because you just, you aren't even a shadow of what you used to. Well, of course, you could afford to be a shadow of what you used to be. 1147. And what does that sound like? Sounds like 1250 to me. Now, 103 votes in the 70 minutes would be 1250. And I'm sure that there's still our people out there wondering, why does he keep doing that? Why does he keep battling about how many votes we give today? I haven't got to, I couldn't answer the question. I could not answer that question. It's like asking you, why did you fall in love with your girlfriend? Josh. Of course, I'm assuming that you did, but I don't know. You might just be using her, I don't know. No, no. You didn't love. We got a good thing going. Well, then, that's someone I actually've had a good thing. Okay, I'll let her find out if you have a good thing. I'm sure she's already probed that. I'm more than one occasion. You're in love. But if somebody asked you why, you couldn't answer that question, could you? I mean, you could say, well, because she's this. But you really can't answer that question. Why don't you like, you know, vanilla ice cream? Oh, now, who was it? Who was it? I was looking at somebody's profile. I wasn't my buddy, my kid FSU. Because my civil guy and he's going to Europe. And I'm giving all kinds of advice and all kinds of, you know, leading down the garden path with Amsterdam. That only knows what kind of stuff I'm going to be doing. He's 20 years old. He's old enough. He's legal age. He can go there and just the school is brains out. More power to you, Mike. But I think I probably shouldn't say that because I'm not really sure. But he had one of these profile deals. He's questionnaires that you fill out. And he put on his profile and favorite ice cream was vanilla. Speaking of the girlfriend, she's like that. She'll order vanilla ice cream more like a vanilla shake. I really do meet her. I never base. I'm sure that. Now I met her at a steakhouse. She was a waitress. And I went in. I see. She was a waithouse. I waithouse. I think. At a steakmeat. That we want to say which one it was on the ear or not. That'd be a bad idea. Exactly what I say was the steakhouse in coral springs. Oh. Pretty good steakhouse. Pretty good meat over there. Very good. Very nice. Nice. And how long was that? Nice. That was a man over two years ago now. I don't think you're cutting out anymore. Well, see George Corsair did do something. He didn't do squat. Okay. Maybe he did do a couple of squats. But that's about all he did. This is about the same time happened yesterday. No, it wasn't where we already gone. But with about this much time left in the show. I don't want to count my chickens before they hatch. But just to keep running on about your girlfriend and the first time you dated her and where you went and how much you didn't. Who did what to whom and who was on top and on about. Stuff like that. Stuff like that. Or whatever you want to say about it. You know, I don't want to start probing into your personal life. I think out there's going to get excited again. Long story short, I met her at the steakhouse. We went out. Got a little dinner. Went out and played pool. Got a few drinks. And you know, she's not a hoes. I didn't sleep. They're the first night. Oh, and that's a terrible thing to say. She's not a hoes. I say she's not a hoes. I said she's not a hoes. I don't sleep with it. If she was a hoes, I would have slept with her. You were going to slept with her the first night. They would make her a hoes. I wouldn't date a girl that I sleep with the first night. I just, you know, bang her a couple times and, you know, move on to the next one. You know, I'm saying girls that you sleep with on the first night. It's not somebody you want to, you know. Bring the generalization that is. It's true. I mean, that's anybody who wants to. Okay. I want to have a, a relationship with the broad that you bang on the first night. I'm going to have a head of a social course funds there. I'm my, my, my, I've got a couple. I'm going to find out if that's true. Yeah, you don't want to do that. Well, what does that mean? I mean, I mean, so what about if it was the second day? What was the big deal? And so the second day is like a big, uh, makes a big difference. Uh, how many dates did you have before you did the ultimate act? Probably four. Well, not four. Maybe five. Probably four. Maybe five. Yeah. Woo. I think most of your audiences think in man, he's a little bit slow, but never let's. Hey, look, he's a workshop. I'm real happy for you know, you deserve it and all that other stuff. Just don't get married. Don't worry, buddy. The ashes of James doing, alright? It's do-hand. I'm sure it's do-hand, but I like it. It is. I believe it's do-hand. Jesus. But you guys talking about you said you asked me. I said it's do-hand. Oh, like eight months. The ashes like that. That's the thing is paired up by the way. So unless they did something, I don't understand it. How can it keep paired up and then, uh, regressing again? Modern technology. Yeah. Yeah. The ashes of James doing, who played the engineer, I'm a Scotty, an original Star Trek series. Montgomery Scotty Scott. I never knew the rest of his name. Scotty. Be me up Scotty. Have been loaded into a rocket that's at launch in New Mexico later this month. Oh, how lovely. The remains of doing, do-hand. Mercury asked to not, uh, Gordon Cooper and some two other, there's were loaded into the rocket Friday by Charles Chaffer, chief executive of Solesta, say Texas company, the contrast with rocket firms to send cremated remains in the space. And we're ready to go, chief, for set-after inserting these silver canisters. Terry Larson, president of Connecticut based UP or Spacing said the rocket will be launched April 28, families paid 495 bus to have a few grams of their loved ones as they're placed on the rocket. Chief for cities of wherever the dedication of Star Trek fans, there's no doubt we'll find a way to accommodate fans in travel here and want to be part of that experience. He said, do-hand-out in July of 2005 he was 85. Believe me, that's old enough. Unless of course it's me, we're talking about 95 sounds better. The things that Star Trek creator Jean Rodenbury were blasted in the space in 1997. Blast in the space and that's not like, I don't know. What does sounds like to me? What's that? Like, every just about anything else connected with Star Trek, silly. I mean, I thought it was a bad show, but like the trekkies. Remember that routine at William Shattner did about the trekkies? Yes. What's wrong with you people? Don't you have a life? What do you try to say? I have no time to go find a life and stop at a bullcraft. What are you doing here? He's good. I still got you could knock me over with a feather duster right now about that thing that global survey. The top five cities in North America for livability are all in Canada. I'm going to do it by memory. I think Vancouver, Toronto, Montreal, what was that for that? Ottawa and Calgary. Ottawa? Who the hell wants to live? See, the people in the Ottawa they can't figure out what that they want to be. Get up for my intruder is that survey. Are you questioning my Canadian credentials, Mr. That what you're doing? I mean, all five in Canada. I mean, come on now. That is absolutely correct, sir. Oh, Canada. See, now we're talking. You better get with it. Are you going to wind up getting deported, man? They're going to send you to the Virgin Islands. I just got the hell. And when I'm up in Boca, take a slap in all of one, we'll paint their lips around the pole. I listen to the new Rogers one or two of them. I mean, I listen to the new Rogers, Aaron Balanced one or two hours. President Bush continues to earth cruisence. You suggest we'll take march. Not days or week. As the war and the rapid strongholds, I'm all getting just more comfortable. Women's and NASA, not tensed. So watching our baby and tensed, watching our stands and the wood of stars. I got dead, but you were alive. At my job, I've been dumbed, I had it. We need a well-veled ocean and I find a solution. I've been dancing with the stars. I'm all dancing with the stars. I'm all dancing with the stars. I'm all singing with the stars. I'm all dancing with the stars. Everything you do just have to do. It's such a joy. You're just such a joy. Well, that must have been the Queen of the Bank yesterday. Well, the main policy is that we hold a for five days on the air. Screw you. Screw you. You're silly person. You're fairie. Five days on A.B. and deposits of cash. How would you like to hold everybody's money for five days and make the interest on it? And then say, okay, now you can have a back or some of it. Whatever you need. How would you like to do that? Pretty good. If there's a bigger scan in the universe than banks, anyway, let's get off of that. We got 1163 on a pool. I think we got 1250 in the sack in El Sacco. So I just did a little math here, and of course it's probably not accurate, but I figured we got 455 shows left. But what? Was that like, you know, that is that including your vacations? No, like that? No, it doesn't include the summer schedule this year or next year. So I think when you need to be done vacations and the summer schedule of days and I'm not working days, I feel like screwing up. We got about six shows left. Oh, man. And then it'll be time to retire. I don't know. All depends on what happens. And the good thing is that this thing cleared up again, just by magic. Did anybody came in there and say, oh, we did this or the phone company did anybody do it? No. No. So what's my porridge and you're going to show up here? I mean, you know, he's a nice guy and be glad to see him. Yeah. But what's he going to show up here tomorrow morning before the show for? Because if it sounds like this and if it maintains the sensational quality that you two sound like right now, and also during the break, then what do we need any engineers to figure in it? Well, remember that it started the sound good yesterday, like it does now. Right. Well, what would that see what it sounds like to me is like a loose wire somewhere. You know what I mean? If you ever had a speaker where the speaker wire was loose, yes. Yes. Any here like in a cut-in and out and cut in it. That that's what it sounds like. Of course you can't hear it because it sounds just fine where you are. 455 shows seriously during the next break. I'm going to figure out the, because I get seven weeks vacation year. I'm going to get it done. And then we'll have Eric, you know, how he's got the countdown. What does he got on there now? I never look at our homepage, which is a very sad thing. I got my own private page. I never look at that page. That's what Mark Foley said. I never look at no pages, not no more. Yeah, I'd likely stir it. Oh, look at that. There's a very quick looking really, really, really hot and shaving man. And there he's again looking really shaving. Although I don't like that one either. He looks too, um, not just muscular, but like I don't know like a freak in that second picture. The top one, where he's on the phone holding the football, he's not talking to me. No way. Now, what am I looking for, honor the countdown? What is the Nancy Grace with the pink face? I like that. Now, don't you miss, what do you want to involve in putting us stuff on the anyway? We're, no, not really. I mean, I put up a few pics, but nothing, no, the brief point. On the very bottom of our page, on the homepage, he's got, uh, what words got the, uh, five six. What, how do we do that? That big signer, when Neil Rogers, five, sixty in my picture honor with those old, that's a bad old picture. That's bound there forever. And I'm going to tell you something. I don't know what year that was from, but I will say this to you. As, as ancient design now, I'm going to use folks to stop me right there. Don't be talking about that. You didn't do it, did you? No. Oh, why do you think I'm ancient? No? Come on, give me an honest answer. Don't suck around like Chris always did. Not yet. Give me an honest answer. Ancient or not ancient. Come on, you can do it. Say you're right right in between. Yeah, getting close to ancient, right? Yeah. Anyway, time remaining on Neil's contract. One year, eight months, twenty seven, these ten hours, fifty five minutes and fifty one. Fifty one seconds. Now, that's interesting because I wonder if the second thing refreshes on a bottom. I doubt it, huh? Isn't that just a joke he's going to put on? Well, let me see. I just tried it and it says, yeah, 12 seconds. Ha ha ha. Ha ha. Ah. Man, that is pretty spiffy. You know, some people do that for their vacations. You can put your vacation countdown like on your page, you know? This is even more exciting. One year, eight months, twenty seven days, ten hours, fifty four minutes and twelve seconds. But who's counting? And then when you're refreshing, the only problem is when you refresh it. You got to go all the way to school down to the bottom again. Now, it's 53 minutes and 43 seconds. It's actually a counter. It's counterman. There's no clock there. But it's counterman. It's ticking away. It's ticking, ticking, ticking, you know? Like we thought, we'll carry it would say, like, Sands through the hourglass, so are the days of our lives. Of course, look at him. He's dead now. I used to watch that show a hundred years ago. I think I'm cured of soap operas. I think that's one thing if this advanced it. I do watch guiding lights, some days that I'm really bored, and I don't want to eat too much ice cream. I think today I'm going for bastard robins. That's some good and nice rocky road. And I said, how fun Sunday and rocky road. Thank you. I mean, I could get two scoops, but in some people would say, what you're real pig, you don't need to your diabetic and your fat, and you don't, and plus the weights been coming back on lately, you know? That's a good point. Well, it doesn't seem like you care. Well, what do you mean by that? Well, I mean, you were so happy. You were so close to 170, and now we're like, pushing back to the 190. Well, I'm going to eat ice cream. Did I just understand? I'm addicted to sugar. Just like you predicted, the sex with your Russian girlfriend. I'm addicted to sugar, okay? If I had a choose between never having sex again, or never having sugar again, do you think it's even in a contest? No. I must maybe was my friend from last summer in Berlin. Well, that's quite a story. Man, I keep alluding to it, but I'm not telling the story on a year, but nevertheless, there's some things that happened in your life that I would put it in this way, a once in lifetime experience. You know what I mean? Yeah? That's what that was. That was just one of those things. You know what I mean? You've probably seen a few of those things. Maybe I do. Oh, yeah. 1173 on a pool now. What's that was I just talking about? Oh, about the countdown. I don't know. Never say never. That's what I do, because I changed my mind every five minutes. See, one thing about when you're legendary, you're entitled to change your mind whenever you have your feel like it. He wears Jesus robes in a neon blue-hainal, looks like democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama and is causing a stir at a Chicago arts school. He looks about as much like Barack Obama as I look like Willie Nelson. Okay? He just, this silly. He's got a picture here. And I'm going to graduate soon. Yeah. Now you put this, oh, look at that. I have never seen that before in my life. It's a French word, obviously, a French expression. Now you put this story under. You pay any attention to it, just not. Not really. And I'm going to graduate students paper, Michelle. P-A-P-I-E-R. Michelle. P-A-R. I mean, have you ever seen that printed out like that before in your life? No. P-A-R. Michelle, sculpture of Obama's emissionic figure, which of course he is, entitled, Blessing, when on display Saturday at the downtown gallery, run by the School of the Art Institute of Chicago by Monday, word of the piece had spread on political blogs and the school of the in front of the calls. David Cordero, 24, made the sculpture for a senior show after noticing all the attention of Obama's receipts since he first ended. He's running for the presidency. He's not hinting. He's running. All of this is a response to what I've been witnessing in hearing this idea that Barack is sort of a potential savior who might come and absolve the country of all its sins, Quiddero said. In a lot of ways, it's about caution assigning all these inflated expectations. I want individual, and expecting them to change something that many hands have shaped. Obama's campaign work funding to distance the senator from the artwork while we respect the member rights, and don't think the artist is trying to be a fence or senator, Obama is a rule, isn't a fan of art that affends religious sensibilities, sort of a spokeswoman, Jim Sochi, PSAKI, Pissaki. Quiddero said the school had field of plenty of calls about his work, some of them from angry people. He also said he had heard from a few potential buyers. Bruce Jenke, you know that's a good poll idea you had about the girls who would go all the way in the first date, are they a slut, you know? Yeah, and listen, that doesn't mean that they're not a good time, but nobody want to bring home to your mom, you know, call your call. Oh, maybe your mom would like you to bring home, maybe mom is a horny, who knows, maybe mom would like to kind of share, you know? Who the hell knows, bring home to mom? What kind of expressions is this? Meaning like you don't want her to be your girlfriend. Why not? Just, you know, your, your son of a booty call, friend has to be like a little more boring, a little more precise, is that what you're saying? No, no, no, you just can't be a ho. Well, what do you know? For show. What a low, low. Cordero said the school that the other thing I was talking about is where some of them just leave that right there. Some of them from angry people. He also said he'd heard from a few potential buyers. Bruce Jenkins, dean of the Arts School's undergraduate program, said response to the piece, part of a student exhibit has been mostly positive. He said people should take a closer look at the sculpture and the context that was created before judging it. When you see it, you spend time with it, you understand it's not a furrow, provocative work at all, Jenkins said it opens and said questions. The Arts Dices is Chicago hadn't seen the work as a BSDF new, couldn't come at, so one of their spokesmen. The piece comes in and Catholic outrage in New York, the lead to an archaloric canceling that exhibit featuring a six foot tall nude and a time of incorrect truckance sculpture of Jesus. That was the one that had the trucked penis. Artists, Casimo Cavalero said Saturdays received threats as a result of the sculpture called My Thweet Lord. Cavalero said the controversy spurred thousands of email messages from people offering help donations and exhibitions space. Well, My Thweet Lord sounds like they feel hungry but they're and they're macadon Jesus again. Are you sure? Probably because it's Easter time, they're by Zeeaton and Chocolacanis, all the little Easter bunnies and stuff. I would say all the holidays that's gone. I've always criticism opinion about that. I don't know how many dates Chris has actually had this to last 10, 20 years. Well, as my opinion on which part of it. I'm looking at Josh's, the proper gang of East Bedland, Pedland, Spel Smellin, about if a girl puts out on the first date, she's a whole. Listen, but I want to be clear. I want to be clear that that doesn't mean where that. That's a good time. You don't continue to hang out with her. It's just not somebody you, again, a relationship with. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I've had many of girls that I've hammered on the first date. And they just hammered on the first date. Right. What kind of hammered on? I just don't think, you know, there's no relationship there. Yeah. Well, what kind of relationship do you need? Okay, if she's really great in the sack. And isn't just a money-grabbing bitch. Why does it need to be more complicated in that? Wouldn't that satisfy your every need? Or are you one of these guys that's going to have, like, you're going to have some chicken. You are all the time, you know, I don't know. Huh? No. Well, then what's the big deal? Yes. That's just how I feel. It's my opinion. I'm asking Chris, okay. Asked him and you interrupted him because you obviously didn't want to give him the chance to make up an end. I mean, give it ends. I think it's more of a, it depends on who the girl, because, you know, sometimes things happen and it just, That's right. And sometimes the guys tend to be a little bit more forceful too. I'm not going to say, like, rape or stuff like that, which, of course, we have horror on this show and anybody reasonable to us. But I'm talking about, you know, being a little bit more, worked up and like, forcing the matter. You follow what I'm saying? Even in old fact, like me, figures that those things occasionally, could possibly happen. You see what I'm saying? What do you say? Well, I'm saying, so in other words, a few seconds, it succumbs to your pressure. Does that make her a whole? Yeah, the first time we go out, I'd say, yes. And most of the guys listening right now are one at one, no, what are your names? The show's here and love to your all-knowing. The world is a love to say, love to my family. One shot, it will be your life. We both are the same, you and my family. We don't want to look at anything like that, I'm thinking of you, get strong, get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get the body, get your body. Time to my video prison, theater mark here, sing along song. Over a 60 of your favorite, sing along song, on three fun-loving videos or a TVD. Let's all get drunk tonight! I hope I know I can ride with the one tonight. This is an exclusive TV offer, the call mail for the Priceless Collection. Okay, one, I see it in five, six, two, three, two, one. And I'll see, I'm trying to compose this pull for a mall. Personally, says your hand. Personally, I like a woman who knows what she wants. So if we hook up on the first night, then let's me know if she's in control of herself in common or she's just a horse. Or she's a personal, personally, confident horse or whatever. Okay, so here's the pull-off. We need some help from you ahead of rows on this. All right. Girls who go all the way on the first date are, pose, I put that down for you. Now do I have to put in a posture of your hair? I guess, I don't know. Yeah, why not? How about the best? Okay, like the best. Right. Sluts? Okay. Okay. So there's different ways. Yeah, there's these sluts. And you can, you know, put a couple of slangs on there, but they're, like the same option. I don't care. Sluts. Well, it's not going to be that easy to come up with that many different terms. You'll see. I'm the old pull builder here, Mr. I'm the one at Sludgeoner. Okay, so just give me a little flack and slank here. Well, give me some other suggestions then. Draw or rare? Yes, rare. Rare? Well, maybe newer experience. Maybe not. Maybe there's a lot of girls out there that let's just die in. Who needs to crawl, clawing at your body. But I doubt it. They are rare. Why? Huh? What's in on it? Drunk? Drunks? That's good. Of course that doesn't, you know, they weren't drunk to begin with. That's always plying with a little bit of booze, baby. That's right. You're a good lady. I'm a good lady. What? That's the secret ingredient. Is that what it is? See, in fact, relationships, you don't have to get a guy drunk. Well, I don't know nothing about that. Well, I'm just, that's why I'm telling you. See, because I figured you wouldn't know nothing about that. That's why I'm telling you because even though you're never going to have to deal with that anymore, then I'm going to have to deal with all these drunken holes that are like, you know, spreading their legs on the first date. It's just one of those things. Although booze, anybody up? I'll see, Moishi is bugging me here. Let's see. Oh, I just want a good time. That's not bad. He's all whipped up about this. One of my correspondence out there. I just want a good time. Yeah. See, there aren't that many choices. Are there? Desirable. Are what I'm looking for? There we go. I like that. What I'm looking for? There. What's wrong with that? Is that a good choice? Pretty good. Yeah. I know my pull-up choices, Mr. OK. This may not be my area of expertise to say the very, very least, but nevertheless, how about disgusting? There will be some, some guys would say disgusting. That's just too much too soon and just turns me off. Makes me want a vomit. That's easy. Well, I know that ain't you. And I hate this pool. That's what I got so far. I'll think about it. I'll give it some very, very serious thought. That's a good pull in it. Yeah. Thanks, sir. And we got to thank Josh Curtis for that because he was the one that we got to this whole big song that they answered about his Russian girlfriend and how they went out four or five times before finally. Finally. I mean, isn't there the anticipation when you meet somebody new on the first night that maybe you just might get lucky or are you hoping that all the, hopefully, she's really a nice girl I could take home in a mom and she sure not going to do that tonight? Yeah. And when I, the first day, I was hoping I'd get home and get to see her catch in prizes, but, you know, it didn't work out that way. And you were hoping, well, they had a really good time. Well, hoping that she was a whole sure when you first went, we didn't grow. What else is on your mind besides the physical aspect? I couldn't even begin to imagine. Love and hundred ninety four votes on the pool. We're going to get to 12 something. Chris can relax. You can slump back in the chair. Okay, posture. Just miraculous the way this thing cleared up again. I mean, it takes all the, I guess they figured I probably couldn't handle four solos. It's probably like the Chinese water treatment in the water torture. They're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're doing to me. Let's see, Dean says, I'm confused. You're a little buddy in the studio says that anyone who sleeps with on the first day is a hole and it's such not somebody who have relationship with. If she sleeps with it on the first day and he's thinking with her, what does that make him? That make me a man or man hole. Man hole. Oh, man hole. Back to him. Oh, don't let that guy hear that. If the one that's still got the house for you, he is hot on your tail man. I'm telling you, whoever that queen is. What I'm going to have to do is when I have, when I have some spare time from all my mice, face, hijinks and lodgings on there, I don't know when that's going to be because I'm going on vacation. But I will find that guy because he sent me an email about two one day. I don't know a couple weeks ago. Okay. It wasn't just Chris, fun about the Chris is disappeared by the way off the face of the earth. So yeah. I love the intro message yesterday or something. Yeah. Yeah, he sent me about six words yesterday and replied and he read it and you know, that was it. Maybe he's busy, uh, jiggle. Yeah, see it. It's wild. I mean, if you want to get in with a conversation about that, I have some people. I don't know how many. I mean, let's say about a half a dozen because I don't really correspond with that. Many people under. Oh, I don't know. Let's say eight or ten. That I'm very confident. I don't have to worry about whether they reply or not right away because I know that they're always going to be there. Maybe not right now. Maybe whatever. You know what I'm saying? They're always there. And why did you come to this rationale? What do you mean by that? But when did you stop worrying about having to worry about certain people? No, I didn't say I stopped. Then there are those people that I don't know. We don't know. I'm just going to make an admission on here. I mean, I look, we're all human. We don't know who down those most of these people. Like I told yesterday. I know one person. We have how many? 134 for friends. I know. I got one that I know. I don't know. I mean, I mean, plus anybody I knew before. Head of time. New personally. I'm just talking about from the show. But my from FSU. I even asked about him a couple of days ago. I said, yeah, I was, remember I was talking about. I wonder where people are that used to like confegagulate with me at getting on there and blah, blah. But I mentioned him because he used to be fairly regular and good kid. He's from a Cooper city high. So it can't be all bad. And then sure enough, later that afternoon, there's a message from Mike from FSU, which is that fuck, they're nice. And he tells me that he's going to Europe to study for six weeks in the summertime. And then, you know, what advice can I give him because he's never been anywhere. Yeah, which believe me. All I can say is anybody that's going to Europe for the first time. You're going to say one thing. Oh, right. Yes. Unless you really stupid. It's either the stocker player in North Florida or that. No, I got news for it. If I was confabulating with my buddy Mark, who just broke his like, no, this is just a. Just a listener. Why does everybody have to be somebody who's hot? Is that one of the other, is that going back to this pole again? Gay. No, he's not gay and he's not he's okay. He's like, good looking kid. That I'm a demickey happy. I didn't mean him. But I'm just telling him that because he's like, you know, what is this all about? I don't want to go there because it's just silly. But anyway, so I was given him some lengthy advice about your London and about Amsterdam. Well, if you're in London, you're right across the North Sea. It's a 25 minute flight. Once you get in the year, it's 25 minutes in the year. Or you can take the what you call, channel the ferry. Do fair, channel or the ferry. As a new ferry. Or whatever. So I'm sending him away. And he, I had sent him three messages and he read them all. But he didn't respond. Now, I don't know about you. I mean, if somebody doesn't read your messages, it's all. That's a bad sign. But if somebody reads three messages and you're giving them information and they don't respond, with me, I start getting like a little. So last night, I wrote him a message and I said, so, of course, in Mark, like, you know, is the information useful and I like, yeah. Because I have a tendency as some people out there know to get over involved and try to be over helpful in the idea of whatever. Other than I said, I worry too much. Yeah, you definitely worry too much. That's the advice I get from my closest correspondence on there. And I do. That's me. That's inherited from my mother. But at any rate, so last night, I get a long, very nice email from my buddy. And he's going to some fraternity, which he'll probably want to pay, he's going to give him a killing his ass. And he's just studying for a final whatever. And he, he was very apologetic and you got the idea. And it was a very long email, which I enjoyed. Because it actually sent something. So you see, it just goes, now, well, where did that all come from? I might have mentioned that. Well, because you asked me about Chris, when somebody, when somebody keeps vanishing for days at a time, and who was very much involved in doing the show and listening and requesting this and that and involved with George, and then like Chris, Christopher, I don't know. So we'll see tomorrow, Gwen shows up, that's my suggestion. For both of you guys, because allegedly she's going to feed you. I don't know what she's going to feed you. Several days ago, I commented briefly on some recent statements that have been made by some members of Congress about Iraq, and it's important to make this point at the outset. The president of the United States purposely misled the American people on pre-war intelligence. American soldiers and Marines serving in Iraq go out every day into some of the most dangerous and unpredictable conditions. These brave Americans were sent into battle for a deliberate falset. Pre-war information was distorted to corrupt the oil for food program. There is no denying that the president lied to the American people. This is revisionism of the most corrupt and shameless variety. It's also something I enjoy. It's one of the reasons I've stayed in the business, and I believe the feeling is probably the same for most of us in public life. The president and his administration paid our country and heaped the liberties for which we stand. They dwell on the shadows, have no regard for the laws of warfare, and feel unconstrained by any standard of morality. The president of the United States is dishonest and reprehensible. None of us should want it any other way. Absolutely. Okay, my correspondent Brandon wants in an as he says, if a girl gives it up on her first date, she isn't really a whole. What is that day? She's just playing a horny and she thinks you're hot. That's great. That's what you hope for, but I'm just saying I wouldn't date her as like my girlfriend. She's my opinion. Also, it says, what is a guy who gives it up on her first date? I don't know if he's talking about that's being the bisexual guy that he is. I don't know when he's talking about a guy who gives it up to another guy or guy who, I don't think you look at it as a guy is giving it up to the chick. I don't think so. I mean, who knows? I guess if you have a big ego, you might think that, huh? No. Hey, Ritz, a good poll, and thank you so much to about time. A wait a minute. There might be more. Okay, no, no, a little private, a little private informationer. Forget about a brand that I don't share. Speaking of all the sexual business that you turned to show and do a leave it to you, man, we're in this company. I actually came from the asking about your Russian girlfriend, which was probably very inappropriate, but it turned out to be interesting. Because that's all people really care about is a good late and stuff like that. All the rest of it is just, have I ever had all we said that? Have a good time, maybe enjoy life. All the rest of it is bull crap. Okay, and lesbian students will not be admitted to Jerusalem's Shector of Medical Seminary. The Romanical School of Conservited Movement in Israel, following a decision by the seminary's dean, Rabbi Dr. Aynet Arramon, and the Center of the World Conservative Movement decided to permit the ordination of homosexuals. Ramon's announcement came with the moveman's flag, a flag-shave educational institution, New York's Jewish theological seminary moves with mid-Gay and lesbian, rabbinical school applicants, and explaining her decision. Ramon decided the historic central, heterosexual unions to Judaism. She said that Jewish law didn't does unconditionally oppose sexual relations between people of the same gender, and that's checked to her, except only those students who are committed to an observing lifestyle. In other words, cox a voice. I'm sorry that Rabbi Ramon, who was a feminist head enjoy the option of for the women to become rabbis, is not continued to trend begun by Jewish feminism, Rabbi David Lazar, Rabbi of the Conservative Converation to Ferry Chalom and with the help of a certain response. Those are supports, the ordination of Gainless being rabbis and gay marriage. He said Ramon does not realize that the institution of the family has developed recently that many homosexual couples give birth to children. Well, let's see how that's done. But we're going to say something about adopting children. Well, we know how that's done. Don't we, Rosie? Oh, in fact, I got a rosy story in here somewhere. Oh, yeah, I can't stand it. See that one. Despite an avalanche of criticism from the right talk to your host, Rosie O'Donnell, you Ferry is pressing on with her calls for continued investigation of the events around the 9-11. At her eponymous blog, O'Donnell devotes two whole paragraphs to the controversial topic. Two whole paragraphs, well, lie down. Woo! 9-11 affected me deeply as I noted many mercants O'Donnell blogs. The following of the Twin Tower Surve remind me that many of the assumptions Americans have about their lives are rooted in false feelings of security. In light of this reminder, I began doing exactly what this country had its best laws for me to do in choir. Investigate. America is so great to am know I'm not going to read her crap. My god, do you think I would waste my time in the audience's time reading this swivel? Well, I mean, even though I may agree with everything that she says, it's like it's like what's it in? It's a little twerp. Bill Mar, Bill Mar, to say exactly. Couldn't have said it any better. Same crap. Oh, when you agree with most of what he says, well, big deal. Okay, he's still a twerp. He gets on my nerves and he's a cell out. And last time I saw mine, I was just a spendered friend. He was rationalizing the fact that he brews Ann Kulter on his show all the time because she's so entertaining. He's a whore just like all of our activists in this business, speaking of whores. The only difference being that I've admitted it for a zillion years. Okay, we're all paid whores. That's what the media business is all about. Not all these Jewish stories on here. Now, I'm sorry, yes, it's because it's a piece of it. That's right. Guess what area is the top draw on South Florida for Jewish residents? Wontan Beach. Oye. The fully stocked grocery hours of kosher and typical Jewish foods, Mots of all mixed white fish and pike, ten, ten crackers, the bustling City dogs planning what are going on your expansions. The tiny mizzises holding Hebrew and scrap parchment of fixed-end door frames. A mizziza on your door frame is a must unless you want to burn and hell. These are subtle signs of the fence is going to be implemented in Florida, quietly in front of the town in the town of Washington Beach, where the number of Jewish households grew 63% from 1999 to 2005. It's a mahaya. It's a big mitsia. A 2005 study conducted by University of Miami, Demographer Irish Scheskin, and conjures with the Jewish Federation of Palm Beach County. And the Jewish Federation of South Palm Beach County, we've been able to build a greater point in the beateries. Explosive Jewish Grove. The Jews are exploding, baby. It was the first time I've left that in a course. I have a very bad line about that. And the Arabs are probably pretty pleased to hear about it. That's bad. Wouldn't that, man? No, I should've never said that. The Jews are exploding. The Arabs are pretty excited. But anyway, it was the first time both Federation's conducted Sanctauting and Stimographic Studies that pitted a holistic picture of the county's 254,000 Jews. That's Palm Beach County. Close to 60,000 in the living, greater point in beach, more than the population of Wellington. In terms of the concentration of Jews, that's a bad term to use, by the way, sheskin. In terms of the concentration of Jews, it's enormous. Many of the areas rabbi's like rabbi's showroom cement of Habat Lubab, which are a greater boitain. Plain Boitain Beach is the highest conference of concentration of Jews outside Jerusalem. Given Boitain Beach's smaller population, compared to Metapown areas like New York, it's easier for there to become more densely Jewish, as it grows, he said. We began gripped by brick, Jew-by Jew said cement it came from Brooklyn to establish the Synagogue dozen years ago. We are right now splitting it our seams, okay? Maybe quitting in so much damp, fat and indelty might help that a little bit. Okay, rabbi? Good. I think that's going to be a weiner of a poor amount, and a good part of it is we got a short show, Mollons at 1230 tomorrow. The Jew! God! God! God! God! God! God! God! God! God! God! God! God! God! God! God! God! God! God! God! God! Lord, it's a new subject. That's a new subject. Oh, it's a good thing I turned back on the synemic. See that multiple shots fired inside the synemic center complex in Atlanta. Oh, I should go, but let's be wasn't there. ...and then we started to have something. We had a final with his role in this book. Oh, I know he mentioned that. The Chinese people have been divided into four different places. No one would have seen it. No one would have seen it. No one would have seen it. No one would have seen it. No one would have seen it. No one would have seen it. We had a final with his role in this book. I think we had to find out what is all about, don't you? Yeah, of the CNN Center. We ended up running towards the front of the restaurant. And at that point, people were saying we've heard gunshots. We've heard gunshots. As I was moving, Atlanta police were showing up at the same time. They had closed down the very large hallway and entryway that leaves between the Miami, Hattel, the CNN Center, the CNN Turner store and the McCormick-Chmick-Sretter. They had closed down that area. We were able to come around the bitters that you were seeing. We were able to come around into one of the newsrooms and look back as they were working on two individuals who were down. We all we have heard from people who were there were that it was some sort of argument of the screen of mail and a female right now. As someone saw a guy coming down the escalator with a woman in front of her and then they heard shots in a cat. And Laura, I guess you've seen this video now, but help us understand, this is new video. We're all just seeing here for the first time. Please help us understand exactly where that is and what we're seeing. You are right now, this is looking back at this entryway that goes between the escalators that lead into the Omni Hotel and the area that leads into the Turner store. Well, how do you like that? It's a damn good thing I turned back over there. They're not shooting anybody at MSNBC. See that? Well, here's a message for you as a matter of fact, Josh. Okay. You sure got more fans out there on the dim mice based and I do. I'll say that. Christopher surfaced again. He says, just because they go away for a day or two, you could all excited and start ripping me and ask on the ear. Try to get me to send you a message while it works. Yeah, see it works every time. Then he says, good to hear Josh on the ear, makes me think about tying him down and molesting him while his girlfriend. How do you like that? Oh, some strange behavior. Yeah, they know this is out of my territory. Okay, if the girls who go all the way to first night, not to something I have any experience or knowledge or interest in on where the other. Whoops. So many of the branded also says is for Mr. Josh over there. What if the horny girl who gave it up on the first day? Is it really good girl and could be a great relationship? Would he pass her up only because she gave it up on the first day? Yes. And again, I'm not saying that I wouldn't be with her. Whatever. I just wouldn't take it seriously. I'd be with other chicks as well. Kind of thing, you know what I mean? So in other words, you could never under any circumstances. Possibly take such a female seriously. That would be friend of talent. I'd say probably nine out of ten, no. Nine out of ten. Well, so in other words, you want that tenth one is the one you're looking for. Forget about the other nine. Well, I work your way along past them. It's all kind of a loop point now because Josh is spoken for all you guys out there. Whether it's Christopher or then another on the name guy. Everybody wants your ass now. Man, that's really amazing. Or some part. And also there's a follow up here. Your good close friend, see tomorrow's going to be the big day. We'll see if Gwen shows up. He says, seriously, I've always loved Eastern European women and women from the former Soviet Union so incredibly hot. He doesn't say incredibly. He has the effort in there. Shame on you, man. Wash your mouth out with with with list of green and Mr. Clean and this queen. Anyway, I also want some words tickets to come to Toronto to be my nurse made. It wouldn't be bad having some of you here to rub my shoulders during the show. Do you think? Yeah, if I were legendary. I'd have a check in a rubber and shoulders. Fan in me off. Do we want to do what off? Every Friday evening. This is from Berlin. Oh, I'm not going to close off the show today with a straight from Berlin. Wow. I'm in a tough all-de-sexual stuff. I can be aroused but I doubt it. Not in my advanced age. See there I go again. Early Friday evening, Connie, Gerroch and her six-year-old daughter, Alisa, each like two candles raise their hands to the clothes. Dies and we send an ancient Hebrew prayer to welcome the Sabbath. Baru Hatata, Rai, Kasa Hose. Connie has been sick for 42 buses of the wine and bread. While his father, Gerhard, the 94-year-old Holocaust survivor, sings from his prayer book at the head of the table. I wonder if the table is the, maybe that's where they took the square table to Berlin. An ordinary Sabbath was celebrated in unexpectedly vibrant Jewish community. The fastest growing in the world according to the world Jewish Congress. Germany even faster than B.B. Chaddi liked that. I think that's a good full question too. Where would you rather spend the rest of your life in Berlin or in B.B. Oh, let me think about that for about a quarter of a second. This pass over German Jews like the gyroshes are displaying a new self-confidence about their future in the country that would live within living memory, perpetrated the Holocaust. Don't forget the Austrians, by the way, they loved it. Just ask Arnold Hilltidea. 20 years ago, this would have been impossible in Berlin said Gerhard, a real estate agent born and raised in the German capital. But today we have an amazing Jewish infrastructure with kosher butchers, bakers, Jewish schools and civil synagogues. These gyroshes, three generations of German Jews living under one roof, are immersed in Berlin's Jewish community life. He's on the board of one of the major synagogues in Berlin's Western Charlotte and Burgess trip. His daughter when son Joshua four go to Jewish kindergarten. And elementary school in his life, Connie 42 keeps a kosher kitchen at home, I guess there's no brown worse than that house. Unless it's from kosher pigs. How could he live in Berlin and not enjoy brown worse? Oh, man, all those delicious, worse. Since the German government realized immigration laws for Jews, following in the reunification in 1990, tens of thousands, I see I know I shouldn't even try to tackle this story. I get so emotional about Berlin, you know? Just one of those things. Don't we all have those, I mean, you're not old enough either one of them. Well, I'm not an issue, are anybody's old enough? You know, if they had experiences, they had that in your memory bank. And every now and then just kind of like tickles your fancy, schmancy. Since the German government realized immigration law for Jews following the unification in 1990, tens of thousands of Jewish migrants have come here. Mostly from the former Soviet Union. According to the Central Council, the Jews in German estimated quarter by the Jews now live in the country with some 110,000 of them registered religious community members. We've been for 1990, neither only 23,000 Jewish community members in Germany. In 2005, more Jewish immigrants came to Germany than to Israel, said Stephen Pramer. The General Secretary of the Central Council. Without him, a greatmost of the Jewish communities would not exist any more. He said, adding that about 200,000 Jews left the former Soviet Union for Germany since the fall of the Iron Curtain in 1989. Cosmopolitan, affordable, Berlin, and particulars become a magnet. Oh, yeah, home to several thousand young Israeli ex-pads and hundreds of American Jews, prompting talk of a Jewish Renaissance. In a place where famous Jews like Albert Einstein or artist Max Lieberman once lived, Berlin is that by far the biggest Jewish community with 12,000 registered members in 18-year-olds, followed by Munich with 92,00, and recently opened synagogue community center in Jewish Museum. The numbers are still a far cry from Germany's flourishing Jewish community, 560,000, and it's culture and intellectual prominence before they third-right. As George Bush would he thinks of the third-right. Still says, Rabbi Hayam Worsblotsky, it's a miracle that Jewish people are coming back to resettling Germany. It's his time. The Orthodox Rabbi from Long Island came to Germany nine years ago with the American Ronald Lodderfun, based on which, for mostly, we construct and do as an institution, Germany, and central in East Europe. Nothing like a Germany, baby. You can laugh at me all you want to understand you right now. Just write it down on your armpit, just embroider it in your brain. They're ain't no place like Germany. I'm talking to my, and again, I forget about Hamburg. I didn't like all that much, and Frankfurt. Fah, oh my God. What a schmussy nasty place that is Frankfurt. See, I got there written down, Kalon and Berlin for your next European trip. Okay. Good. The drink of finger got his itch. But the food news is that cheap new herself away, cos everybody knows that it's LA. They let brothers walk every day. And now the last of her side, thanks to your psychobit twice, who had a stupid face like Britain. A news radio was a major except that you were there. And some characters from the ships and some lost their bones. It's done more than that, your life would have lasted long, but she left you no choice. Good side, Troy McClone, that you made a front such. Filmed at night, buried at a murder room, I'm as a gun, and honey, I just blew your head off. Now, my no-hust can't get rid of. She's dead anyway. Saturday night, a small inferno, in the case since that's the reason you left anyway. And this sucks that you die, cos of your psychotic wife, with that stupid face like Britain. And the ships and will bear, but be the same again. I'm crying over here, and assows like your pestin' and the creature falls on the rise. It's a good thing she said, cos now they can't defend that bitch. You had for a while. Bye, bye, bye. You're welcome, show, I'm fighting till you swear, I'm in for my real. I'm about to laugh. Oh, well. If there is vacancy in the hotel, Alright, sports fans there afternoon welcome to show to the team manager on this Tuesday April 3rd, 2007 reporting live from Augusta, Georgia. That's where we're at, a whole lot going on in town as the master's gets underway this Thursday and let's see, Johnny Copa is back at home base, you heard Ken Maldon on the update, Purdue and Duky Lang, also contribute to the show and work written form. And we're here from Captain Curtis Stevenson that he is on his way back from Atlanta and we'll be back back tomorrow and back on the air on Thursday. 567, oh, 560, that's how you reach us here on the show. This gorgeous up here, by the way, a little slice of heaven, the perfect piece of real estate at the perfect time of year, great tradition, great history. This is 28 years in a row coming up here and covering this great event. But I suspect what we're going to be talking about at length today is the ball game last night and the Florida Gators. One wonders is there any, is there any college in America that wants big time championships others and for goodness gracious. We've done this before, man, two basketball championships, so lots of champagne, lots of orange, lots of blue and you got to give Billy Dottovan and the Florida Gators tons of credit that it became just the seventh basketball team ever to repeat as champions. And you know what makes this one special, I think, is the decision. I guess it's the class of 04. They call themselves the 04s because a brewer, Noah and Green and a hoorford. They could have earned millions of bucks and they could have grabbed the cash and run. But they didn't. They decided to stay in school, play for each other. There was a real bond, there was a real common thread. And of course, you know, you got to throw in that three of the guys, Noah, Green and Hoorford come from privilege. They have a moneyed families and a brewer does not. But just another championship and the game really was not close. Ohio State would make a little bit of run. They closed at the five. They closed at the seven and then Kabul. Big three point shot by one of the Florida Gators. Five six seven, oh five, six. That's how you reach us here on the show. So our participation question of the day. We're going to make it a two part question. And it relates to Billy Donovan, the head coach of the Florida Gators. He has now won two championship back to back. And does he have the goods? If his career were to end today? Would you consider him Hall of Fame material? Does he belong amongst, Mike Shishafski, John Wooden, Bobby Knight? Eight off, Rup. Do you see him in that way? And a lot of people would dismiss him and say, well, he gets good players. Well, all of those teams, under Knight, under Wooden, had great players. So you got to give the coach the credit for assembling it. But I said it was a two part question. If you'd like to call five six seven, oh five, six, that's how you reach us. If you've got the cellular device, simply hit pound five, 60, it's very dollar than Hall of Fame material. He's one, two. And I think I heard in the telecast cast, or maybe it was the post game, last night that every other college coach that has two championships is in the Hall of Fame. Did you hear that? Johnny Coe. Was that factually correct? As far as I know, Shishafski Wooden going all the way back. Shishafski Wooden, Bobby Knight. That's part one. Is he Hall of Fame material? And, of course, the other question is, can Tuckies going to make a run at Billy's.