That's a good thing. I got a lot of things that help me see his bones. I can do what I want to. I can do what I want to. I want to do what I want to. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I want to win. I don't get things to go through it and will do that. It takes all of it i go through, will you. and all I want to win is pretty good. one after don't care. That's not too good. Almost 30%. But it's kind of a mixed bag, you know? And a lot of people, especially with a proper ganda, you're hearing on this radio station and more, you know, Kimba, for a big guy, he's so easy. You know, the way he sold out. Oh, I was pretty upset after it happened. I heard Ted Ginn. Everybody was like filming at the mouth. In fact, I have a who's calling as I've got in here. Oh, yeah, great code text from the Harold. He says that Dick was a personal foul against the fans. How do you like that? Greg Kotek, who doesn't know my answer from your elbow, but nevertheless, he rips him an ass. A personal foul against the fans. And for once in your life, Greg, I'd have to say you're absolutely correct. And not just because Brady Quinn is pretty, you know? And a lot of guys say, oh, he's overrated. He's not going to be so good. We'll see. Not that Cleveland's going to be winning those superables. And that's something to get picked 20 second. Chris, that must have been a real bloat of his ego, you know? Of course. 20 second. Sit there, pick after pick after pick after pick and don't hear your name. Although all the commentators on TV are like, they were jumping on the ceiling and on the walls. They were so psychotic. Man, Chris Birmingham was filming at the mouth. I thought he was doing a damn to let phomey spot. And they don't even, they even still make you let phomey. I sure hope not as far as I know. What kind of guy's shape with that old fashing kind of shaving cream like you know, starvice. Oh, yeah. Like you are starvice. Oh, there you go. And there's old, what do you call those things? See the shaving brush and the customer. That's what I was thinking of the shaving brush and the barbice on. Did you let blue blade would be good too? You bet. Oh, it's a little bit crazy. Feel sharp. I think that's the thing. Of course. Okay, raise it. Okay, blade. That's it. Game blade. Eight hundred sixty one votes on our world famous pool. I wouldn't, I just can't believe that the public is that all of it's not for you know. They're used to being beaten down and all of the stuff. They're used to being beaten up and screwed over and led down the garden pan. But we'll she'll, we'll she'll so hard that'll make our brains bleed. That's how much we want those dolphins baby. Kids baby. Yeah. There's an offensive nightclub. She reads her overcoat there. She calls to get the jacket back inside Paris is pockets. Some of the the calls. A pocket rocket. There is. How often do you use your pocket rock? Uh-huh. I don't think it's important. I'm going to make people feel better. You know what's coming up in January? It's like that. Since you are sick, I have any other sexual devices. I'm just trying to get out of my seats. That's what you want. One thing about Paris. She's almost attracted as Brady Quinn's pastie blonde girlfriend. They're the tech-ept show on the road. Not quite. Almost. Anyway, here's a couple of facts. One says, and we're not, I'm not anything these things here. It says, can you add to the pool? I'm happy but then again, I'm a jet fan. See, I could put unhappy, then again, I'm a Patrex fan. I could put that on the floor to other teams in league. But we're not going to do that. Are we? No. Also, here's one. Can you add to the pool? I was originally furious where Grooter were accepted. No, we can't do that. Then it says him, see, here's, this is call, and this is from University Dodge. Must be from Wolfgang for his boyfriend up to Street there. It says 21 other teams passed on and there has to be a reason. Maybe because those teams didn't need the unquarterback. A franchise quarterback to like build a franchise around. Like the dolphins have needed since Moorino hung it up. And they've gone through a succession of really brutal, just pathetic. Of course, they're thinking about getting trained green. We just turned 85 in Kansas City. They're thinking maybe they might get him. But then again, they might not, you know, etc. 894 votes on it pool. I don't want to like sound like some kind of an expert because I, you know, not going to change my life. What? I think I'm sure about it only marginally more than you do. Wow. People sin. Oh, well, Neil Rogers is going to be all pissed off because he loves Brady Quinn. Yes. So what about it? I'm not going to be down there. I'm not going to go to no stupid games. Am I going to get to meet him to take a shower with him in a locker room? Of course not. Although I'll be honest with you. I sure look a lot. Lovelyer than that blonde headed. That's terrible. That's it. I don't. I wish I did though. I would like to take a shower of Brady Quinn. I hope you know, if you know, I just, but I can go to Cleveland do that. And that's a lot closer than Miami. You know, there. What? And I never thought about that. I can just hop on a highway and get the where you go right down there through Buffalo and the P.U. and Fredonia and Duncirk and get on the. Turn right over. Huh? I said, all right. You know, you're right over Cleveland. In fact, I don't want to go to Cleveland either. I was in that stadium once. I'll know it's not the same stadium. Is it Chris? I think I've no stadium in Cleveland. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I'll, well, how long were you there? Oh, 1961. Oh, yeah, they haven't even stadium. This was old municipal stadium all brother and the winter time and it was snowing and freezing and everybody was passing the bottle of booze around and the bleachers because it was nasty. The NAACP held us in Balafumeral in Detroit, in the 1962 years ago for Jim Crow. Where's that for Jim Bean? The civil rights organization will do the same this summer for the N word, the Reverend Wendell Anthony Savius. They're going to bury the N word. Yeah, that's right. They got to bury it. Anthony present the civil rights organization's Detroit grants that members and supporters of the NAACP will conduct services and the Ulogy for the racial slur. The Machuero will be held during the NAACP National Convention July 7th, 2012 in Detroit. He said, what a better place to bury the N word than in Detroit. All I could tell you stories about Detroit and none of them are really, very, pretty either, just like the city, not very, pretty, pretty depressing. When it down, burn it down. We're committed to ending hate word and talk Anthony said it doesn't do anyone any good, whether it's a journalist on TV or rougher on the radio. I'm raf it on the radio. Oh, look at that. We actually got into an Al-Ride. Let's hear it for Brian Schmuss. We finally got a piece of copy that we've needed for like a couple of weeks and we find a better late than ever. Brian, better late than ever boy. What happened to him? He got married. Is that what happened? Yeah, he's a good wife. We've got a sweetheart so we can't blame her. What is that kind of? Maybe we'll even screw him up. Maybe. Maybe she won't put up with all his baby around on the side or stuff like that or maybe out of animal. He won't put up with hers. Anyway, the announcement comes on this, so bearing the end word, if we can get back to that pleasing, forget about Brian Schmuss. The announcement comes after we knew discussion nationally about racial incensivity brought on by Don I'm a sister, a tour of comments about blood, not like members of the workers in universities. Women's basketball team, Nappy headed hose. And it says here, I'm a student used the inward in those comments, but he did use a different word, Nappy. Right? How about a Nappy, Pappy? Okay. Nappy, Edittal. But was fired at early April by CBS Radio N and BC after major companies including GM, pulled their advertising spots, like a leopard. They changed their spots. How about that spot? We've got for the heat playoff tickets. Exactly. That's what I was saying when I heard it. I thought, ah, now the corporate America's caught up. Maybe something will happen, Anthony. He said, we have to stop investing and stuff that is killing us. Jim Crow was a systematic mostly seven practice of discrimination against incensivity or blacks from the end of possible over construction in the middle of the middle of the 20th century. Yeah, in the mid 20th century, my ass, right? Whatever you say, here's another facts. It says, now I already, it didn't just get you saying that I had a spuyring port on this ball. We need to get all the evidence against her happy. I'll read it again. It says, I have a spuyring port from the draft coverage on Saturday on QM. Mad Dog said to the crowd, if Miami picks Brady Quinn, your wages will become the biggest dolphin fan out of the crowd. Had no reaction. Mad Dog said, man, that went over like a lead balloon. I would guess you didn't have too many fans in that crowd. It says, they didn't even know what they'll, that meant, you know, or they probably even know who the hell was. See that. That's one of the reasons on this for sure. It was all over the ass in there. I noticed Kenny this morning was sucking up a little bit. You know, all you'll probably pretty upset about that. Oh, yeah. I'm real upset about it. Kenny, I'm real upset about Brady Quinn, I'm being on the dolphins. Who cares, you know, grow up. You people grow up. So there was no crowd reaction to that, huh? And you wanted to know why because it was a kind of a gay. Yeah, that's right. And when you got a bunch of juxtaphyrs around the last thing you wanted to make some kind of a gay reference in addition, which they didn't pick him any how. And then you talk about the sounds of silence, then everybody's jaw dropped to their ankle. It was one thing when your jaw drops to your knee, their jaws dropped to their ankles. So that ain't been proud. The crowd at the dolphin thing, uh, boot. Now I know that. I was given to that if you're just not step on my ankles. They boot loudly and they were pissed off and fired up and they're all about Brady, Brady, and Cam Cameragop there and they boot his ass, baby. And then I don't think they were booting the choice of just that name. You know, what kind of a name is that Cam Cameragop. It's like, you know, it's like like Rod Roddy. Remember him? Who? He was the announcer after Johnny Olsco, or Francis Wright Rod Roddy, big fat user with those socks that he bought in Thailand. And we used to go to Thailand to clean the jewelry rentals told me back in the road. He was that he was gay. Yeah. Yeah. He was buying more than silk suits in Thailand. If you catch my drift, I'll tell you. Follow the bouncing balls. Okay. Rod Roddy, he weighed about 800 pounds and now he's dead. So Bob Barker's going to retire like, uh, and tomorrow's the first to me. So I guess we can almost say next month, meaning in June. Bob Barker's probably going to hang up that microphone. Oh, Jason, five Johnny Olsson and Rod Roddy and whoever the new stiff they got on there. I don't know who it is. What is George tenon on there from late? Say slam dunk to go to war. Yeah, slam dunk this. Okay. Slime dunk to bad the heat didn't hear about the yesterday. What? They got slam dunk. Things just don't look into it. How the marlins do them, by the way. Any interest in that Chris? Are they winning any games or what? How the panthers doing they have it lost to playoff game this season in a long time? They're playing the playoff, huh? Exactly. Marlins? Oh, they lost six to one. I believe. No, no. Oh, no. What a bad weekend in South Florida sports boys and girls. Panthers didn't get them playoff so they didn't win no game. Marlins lost to them. Who they play is today? Washington. They lost to it. No, I'm sorry. I thought I was going to fill it. Oh, the fulfillment of the affiliates. Yeah, they were a hit list through like six and six. Yeah, that's right. I've seen that they got no hitter gone for six. And then, uh, and the heat of course got bushwacked. Oh, well, they really stuck the joint out there in the last few minutes of that game. They just collapsed like I said, like an accordion. Fold it up like a freaking accordion baby, like accordion shutters. And I shuttered a think at the hostility. In fact, when we come back, I'm going to read that grid code text. The pick was a personal foul against the fans. A personal foul. Don't you feel foul? George? Huh? Don't you feel like you've been, uh, a few months later, and just had hours and bacon for how he's used and I'm going to call the carine. Tath. That's right. Who cares? 9-11 by the way, 9-11 votes on the pool. So I guess you've been less easy. We're going to make a thousand on this. I still say we don't have 5,000 votes, but just like that thing about Mad Dog and that crowd, they don't know for me. They don't want nothing to do with me. Oh, that faggot. He's got the hot spread that kid from Notre Dame. Well, we don't care about that. We don't care if he looks good. So you have to have a thing. He's too pretty to play with the dolphins. Now, Marino, he wasn't a bad looking guy except for the lifts. He had those remember the a Joker in Batman? Those are Danny Boy's lifts. He's got very bizarre like a bat and like a Joker lifts, you know. But he could throw it a ball a little bit. He could play a little Danny Boy and before we start doing those new true system spots. Well, he's slimed anyway. It weighs about 6 pounds now. They got Danny in a, in a jar now. Danny's like in a, in a pickle jar. You know, those last sick pickle jar is I'm sure you do. Oh, yeah. Danny's hanging out in there right now. Until it gains a little weight back. Well, he maybe overdid a little bit. Like, I wasn't in Christy, Ellie. She lost 400 pounds. She still a cow. Have you seen those spots? Hey, a cow and Jenny, yeah. Any cow? Yeah. I'm going to call a gentleman. Tell her you look like her cow, Christy. You, oh, brother. You, you're fairy. Well, she's a son, dog. She's got an excuse. She's got issues. 19 till 11 at 5, 60, WDQ and let's take a quick look at that line of mad dog at broken sound today to a clock. What, what does that mean? Broken sound. What, what is that? I don't know. Chris. No idea. Jim, andage at broken sound. Huh. Mad dog and him, um, um, or four to five in the power hour, then Hank solo 5 to 6 35. Don't let me forget we got that derby thing coming up this weekend. A better little homework. I'm, I'm a homework. Marlon side deck at 6 35. Marlon's at at the Met 705. Try to win a game or two. And then a game. Ident kau at 10 30 or whatever after the Marlon loss, a game and then again. Tom as Thor and Latinny and Danny, uh, Spec- Gene and Danny. Danny and Danny. Danny and Danny and Danny. Danny and Danny. Sunday. We have a mobile from Miramar, hello. Can you hear me? Oh, I got a question about Jimmy and Danny's situation. Yeah, Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny? A Jimmy and Danny. Baby, what baby? Jimmy and Danny and Danny. Jimmy and Danny and Danny. Jimmy and Danny and Danny. Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Danny. About Jimmy and Danny after this word from Valley Alombs of Opp Hotzons where every of Hotzons comes with its own frigid ad. before 11 a Q a m. W Q a m hello. Pretty quick line. Oh yes. Hi, is Q a m? Yes sir. Very good. I'd like to get on the air top of the book. Talk with boog? Yeah. What are you talking about man? I don't know. I don't know. What? Boog? I know. Who's on the air right now? Is it boog? Let me ask you something. What's the last time you had a good bowel movement? I'm not sure. What is it? Yeah, well go check because I think you're full of it. Boogon. That must have been Joel Finder. Very funny, Joel. What time is you a show on? So here's some inside information speaking of the radio business. Oh, I don't forget Friday is the book coming out. And don't worry. I trust this organization. Okay. I trust them to make the right choices and the right decisions. Not. So you know the mysterious mice face person with a palm tree, the Miami person, whoever that is. Yeah. Who doesn't have a name. He sends me this. He says I can't verify if this is true, but it was posted online from all access.com. Bruce Kelly, do we place Rick Shaw and Mommy? Who's Bruce Kelly? I wonder if he's kind of Jin Kelly. I've heard of it. Or I don't know. This marks as we turned to trust your radio as well as to Miami where he worked at one time at Tom Forty, 96 and also at Y100. Kelly begins May 14. It says following a huge listener appreciation party for Shaw that will take place at Velstein Park. I'm Friday May 11th to benefit the magic children's fund. So Rick, Tiki is only a couple weeks away from returning court of this. Maybe he'll call him to they or not. He'll never get it. How come he never gave him our bat line so we'd know it was him. It never came up in the grass. Be happy to hear. Because the history of retaining employees for long term, it says much of the honor and support staff of work to the station for 10 to 20 years. They were ready in radio. Bruce Kelly. I have no idea who that is. Did you ever hear him? Nope. How about you Chris and her Bruce Kelly? No. No. But I would only somebody did. WDQAM Hello. May Neil the morning. Yes sir. Can't I see a National Geographic Channel? No. Well, they. WDQAM Hello. Welcome and Neil and children. 560. This is the reaction of our audience after a weekend from hell. A weekend in which people are forming at the water cooler. They're taking buckets of water and splashing all over each other's head. That's how forming at the mouth they are. And this is the reaction the same as it always is. Ask me if I'm surprised. Are you surprised? No. WDQAM Hello. Hey, who is this? Who you con? Chris, it's Bob. Yeah, okay. Greg Co. Text. This pic was a personal follow against the fans. This was bizarre, awkward, non-presentated in the long-frowth history of South Florida's flagship flagships for franchise. Adolfins had coach walked into a crowd, the crowded angry room of fans on draft day and got booed for number one pic made, rather not made just minutes earlier. The sound was visceral spike with cat calls. Another combustible cocktail was nearly a decade of inability to find the next grade quarterback in five consecutive seasons out of the playoffs, chased now by a first round draft decision that was stunning. Dumb founding says Greg Co. Text. Dumb founding. Dumb founding. Well, in fact, how the thumbs down gesture is new coach came, camons to their mid-deventing. Hey, we need to go in this direction the coach called in a microphone with as much brightness as he could muster. Bravely venturing it up for it's thumb is the boo's and hectoring continued. You want a bright side? At least it was only a thumb game to camon. It might have been a digit more central located on the hand, given Miami's first round performance in Las NFL draft and Dull fans reaction to it. The day had unfolded ideally, a best case scenario is noted in quarterback Brady Quinn, but further than expected, was available to Miami at number nine. At that point, you would expect that Al Michael's to burst into the Dull fans' war room screaming, do you believe in miracles? And last, it often was reported draft their first round quarterback since some guy named Dan Moreno in 1983. Finally, a club would make an investment in the future, young franchise quarterback and then Ted Ginn Jr. Huh? What? That's what it says here. It says, Huh? What? And you thought the heat's three and I'll play off serious deficit to Chicago was shocking. No, this was shocking. How about their four game sweep loss? This was news that made the job come unhinged. News that made you turn wide eye to whoever was near you and say something in the neighborhood of a, are you finkitting me or it says bleeping? But I'm sure. Are you bleeping kidding me? Bleeping. Yeah. I can't remember a bigger South Florida bombshell since Jimmy Johnson, a brother of the hurricane to join Jerry Jones. Hostile Dallas Cowboys, overthrow town land with E9. Ted Ginn Jr. And Ohio State receiver expected to be picked much later in the round, nursing a four month old foot injury, still not fully healed, going to a team that already has a number on receiver and Chris Chambers playing a position line we could have easily filled in round two a receiver for the most desperately quarterback needy team in the league. Five known as family for ten years Cameron told the crowd no sale, more booing. He maybe Ginn's dad can play quarterback. Team owner Wayne Hizing us to groomly off of the side is Cameron addressed the hostile constituency armistful to the cross to his chest. After earlier of Cameron and GM Rand him, Mueller were right in choosing Ginn over Quinn. The owner had said, turtley, they'd better be right. Ginn himself was shocked to be selected over Quinn. For sure he admitted in the conference call. You know him I'm he's hurting for a quarterback right now and Brady's a great quarterback. Eventually the Cleveland Browns traded up to select Quinn in number 22 giving her first round pick in the 2000 giving up her first round pick in the 2008 draft. The Baltimore Ravens had planned to hope to select in later in Saturday's first round. Why did Quinn fall at all? Some called him overhyped as any noted name quarterback who looks like Mr. All-American pretty boys bound to be and some question is accuracy. Hmm, this kid through 67 touchdown passes against 14th of a set of sessions of fast two seasons in accurate. He topped 60% both those years. Graphnik's raven for about his poison potential about how coming from a pro style college offense makes him NFL ready. The admirers include quarterback experts like Steve Young. You're fairly. Bottom line, the offense had a chance to satisfy their priority most pressing need with the first round quarterback and often instead for an injured receiver. You can spin that anyway you wanted some extremely odd pick at best. The necessary caveat, of course, is that none of us knows on draft they have been any play will be in a year or three. Unfortunately, my deadline this column was last night in 2010. He writes, You can say Quinn might be a bust another Rick Meyer as easily as you say, again, might disappoint you. And you go without saying there are no guarantees. So you start by measuring need and quarterback clearly was a big one and then you measure upside what might be. Again, could be another Santana Law. So receiver, also re-afast receiver who also returns kicks. Quinn could be another Tom Brady, which of these possibilities would you prefer, which enticing maybe was a smarter gamble for Miami? You know the answer to the evening if the dolphins didn't answer today. Nobody sang Quinn is the next end. Reno, the thing he might be. The second round selection of V out by you quarterback John Beck only partly mitigates the error and bypassing the much greater prospect and Quinn. At some point this franchise needs to stop for long on a continuing series of mediocre stopgaps like Jay Feeler, thus for Rod and now presumably old Trent Green. At some point this franchise needs to roll the dice in the draft on a franchise quarterback. On long-term future, if this most vital position Saturday was that chance, it would be as fumbled. It felt like a very big mistake. One Miami might regret for a long time, where it's where it's co-text in the anxious Miami hear it. This is the Neal Roger show. This is your brain. There's some questions. Some stations give you car. Some stations give you car. But we're going to give you a dream. Big dream. Big dream. Magic. Hot. Big. Big. Big dream. The ten problem. When you hear this sound. And we send a hip net to your house to hypnotize. You wouldn't as thinking you went on a really great vacation. It will be just like the enjoy all the sensations of being on your dream vacation. All through the amusing powers of hypnosis. You are getting very sleepy. We'll even do it in your own backyard so you can get a little sun while you're at it. Remember, if you think you're really going somewhere. You're dreaming. This station except no responsibility for any after effects of hypnosis such as believing yourself to be a chicken It's fucking every time you hear a bell ring in the event that you do end up believing you're a chicken This station isn't title to all eggs you produce as said chicken Get it dream on deep listening for your chance to win. It's 11 o'clock in five sixty wm happy Monday to April 30th Holy moly ran man. You realized tomorrow's the first of May. I'll Will a primo day a mile Okay, what the cousin of me Eluna day mile Primero Elf Primero. Oh, I used to gonna start here's a guy who probably pretends you know peek at a piney Okay, no big at a piney and because I made a little mistake in there. Okay, let's that one letter or two letters Whatever screw it first of me. Speaking in place. What you heard what I said Come on nine hundred sixty six votes on the full help pissed off for you the dolphins didn't drive Brady Quinn Don't care 357 37 for seven for seven for seven this audience and the fact that mad dog made that comment about me And all are said about Brady Quinn getting grabbed by the dolphins and there was dead silence according to Chris Did you say that or did the fact you say it? I think I'll be the facts. Well, I'm just trying to give you credit for it Okay, then silence like Neil Rogers who's that or you mean You fair that bag it that's so I got the hot spot at Brady Quinn well screw that Anyway, don't care 357 not surprised they suck meaning the dolphins 278 they suck Which is true when they'll continue to I'm happy he blows one eleven Brady Quinn blows 1111 I agree with their choice 110 I'm psychotic only 67 a rate of low my brains that only 48 just I don't I don't know So I guess the softwater people are brainwashed enough or stupid enough or both of you above and they just you know Whatever it's the party line and they're buying it as opposed to the mainstream national ESPN media That was screaming and throwing crap at the cameras and and bay and each other went ahead with baseball bats It was something to see It was hard to believe and that great code text for once in his life He wrote something that was pretty profound. You know, whatever you agree with they're not pretty profound So here's somebody sends me the bio on Bruce Kelly who is rumored to be replacing Ricky Tiki Sean Anagic on April on May 14th El Katosie de Mayo. I did that one. See perfect. Well good About time you damn old Jew Kelly was ready to number one enrichment Virginia in the while in 196 sex in Miami hundred years ago And 85 through 99 Phoenix and 90 he was honored by billboard magazines. They see each other personality here And also says on here Bob and Carl Springs rights with an exclamation point and why he was at while 100 Miami 19 he wouldn't have worked with Don Geronimo With an exclamation point that would be like saying Chris Baker was at W. I would D in 1990 and work with Neil Rogers Right right right. I mean what does that mean? I don't know he worked with Don Geronimo And it's done Geronimo. See is he the Don I hate to ask you not don Corleon But he's need to learn from Don and Mike that is the one oh no Wow a lot of blowing going on man must be in the wind Because on the bullets like Brady Quinn blows and what's the other one? Oh, and it often's bluer everybody not a blowing going on Speak of that hundreds of protesters gathered the Kendall Dave college campus where president Bush folks That are the afternoon roughly 200 protesters were clustered new temporary fences and estimated 600 of them They get a spent the better part of the afternoon marching and holding signs along a main road near the college campus Well, that's a good start, you know In peaceful will be better, but the swimming the on about it can't be all bad The protest is where commemorating national impeachment day with the peaceful march while Miami police looked on The president was escorted in and out of the campus to an entrance on the far side of the campus where he couldn't see the protest So, of course, we'd allow him to feel bad Too narrow and certainly you don't want him to feel bad about all those dead people as a result of his decisions and lies Too proble supporters wrote their bicellers in front of the protesters screaming commies, but by and large The rally drew a few administration supporters commies Communists that communists that communista that's what they were screaming right right National impeachment day was organized by a large coalition of center-round left-assender groups including a 28 Democrats dot com and progressive Democrats former for the protesters Hi, I didn't focus only on the topic of impeachment, but also on reasons for impeachment carrying sign such as Out of Iraq and no blood for oil The oily bird gets to warm. It's a soft photo kind of a thing the oily bird as in 1979 the pool this half hour we're gonna go over a thousand then there's no limit then there's no holding us back Oh, yeah, they got this big thing about the DC madham and all the all the big good DC people on her list They're all the across the 2000 and they're clients these questions will come in time. Oh, yeah, well, so will the customers too Are you gonna what this just move right along that way? I'm loaded for bear today, man After this very traumatic sports weekend And the damn Rangers won a game too. Oh, and overtime and double overtime. They beat buffalo Well, what can I tell you nothing is perfect Less taste more fillers question mark this is from a son similarly and how are we talking about different kinds of foods in cramp Mm-hmm the headline and this chocolate hollocks in the upper over proposed change and recipe of sweet treats You can't miss with our chocolate is rain-eaten would say it's got to be chocolate Not an argument over like beer. It says here by chocolate Say it right chocolate not chocolate chocolate you idiots Chocolate hollocks and high-end candy makers are wild by a proposal before the FDA to allow America's favorite treat to be made with vegetable oil instead of natural cocoa butter Don't mess with my chocolate said Charlie Paul a sweet sliver from plantation lingering Friday outside kill winds in four-larodale They're always saying you can't eat this. You can't do that. What's good? Leave it alone. That's right. You go, Darius. Surely whatever your name is The issue is touched off a buzz among chocolate purists and others who say the football change could fool consumers in the paying full price for Artificially and daughter-rated chocolate and I reconstituted and candy might dilute chocolate's possible health benefits Christ can't they leave anything alone for a crown out loud for Jesus Christ on all mighty motor sake God it pisses me off. They're always dittlin with stuff, man The fusco's back to January when the trade group grocery manufacturers of America as the FDA to change the definition of what can be labeled chocolate Companies could use vegetable oil now instead of cocoa butter which is now required to make chocolate and also substitute milk proteins for whole milk Well, what does that mean? I don't know It is that like that fake cheese like cheese product. How about chocolate product? You know what real talk to them, but it's chocolate-ish Like it's Jesus. Jesus Christ But that's Brian Murray talking other spokesman. Jesus Christ we Watch the game And it also came to New Jersey the oh, I'm sure you're following those Santa Capals very religiously, aren't you? What if I have to your dare and paying one more time? I am gonna get violent. I'm gonna go to guns. I'm gonna find out where he is That was a call. He didn't kick it in. I was I know he kicked it in you idiot. It was pretty damn obvious to anybody He was ever watched the hockey game before. He was a little bald head and geek you more on you figure skater. You're simple then Between him and Pierre McGuire, man, which bald head needs to be taken out first? The proposals got to backing by the way if we can get back to the chocolate store and get out of your hockey talk Backing on the chocolate manufacturers of market led by Hershey Nestle and others who say it will be a flexibility making new products Well, maybe it's not so bad at all although of course Hershey what they make. Oh, you call that chocolate. Oh, I do like what's the one we like with the toffee and nuts? Oh the almond Tafey Whatever it is. Yeah, and then you've also got a score Hershey bar. Did you know that? Oh no. Yeah, they do See here we go again. Why did you do this? Why the chocolate pile? It's sabotage man. It's sabotage There are high quality walls available, which are equal to or better than cocoa butter and taste nutrition texture and function And our preferred by consumers Hershey spokesman Kirk Simil told they hers were paid for news in the company's backyard In the company's backyard But some especially What does that mean? But some specialty cannon makers and some photo call the idea sell out in the travesty same cocoa butter makes up about a fourth of chocolate But cost more than three times as much as vegetable oil. Oh, it's on a cheap again, okay? This is all a question a money said Fred Meltzer, a corner of Hoffman's chocolates and green acres with seven stores If they can take something and dilute it and it's still got the taste for a fraction of the cost that's what they want But the taste isn't the same he and other said if you've ever did from a chocolate fountain which cascades Equify chocolate from bolder bowl. You're probably even vegetable overriding Your all thin so we can now flow through the machine You'd just be instead of the difference in taste. They're just not comparable to Jean Hammond a coordinator for killins a potassium Michigan chain with seven stores and South Florida never heard of it Did you kill ones? No Killins makes a chocolate compound with vegetable oil. I franchise them. They use but only for icing him and said just a little bit of vegetable oil changes the mouth feel It makes it taste a waxy. Oh, waxy. Oh fat And said we take chocolate just very very seriously chocolate is not good enough and actually says that here in the story chocolate the issue is not good enough That's like guys who were like, you know In the closet Which is I see my hair wash yeah I throw those set Hoffman's melts. We are wholeheartedly against this proposal. It's not chocolate for Christ's If Katie with vegetable oil could be labeled as chocolate consumers would have to read the fine print to figure out what they were getting Melted and so would be misled led down the garden path But what if it's made what it's made of is the key to whether chocolate's got any health benefit nutritionists say Serval studies have suggested but not proven the chocolate may protect the heart and arteries because of flavonoids got no water I'm so healthy Plant compounds from the cacao bean that contain antioxidants Also cocoa butter does not raise cholesterol as other fats do and it has no artery clogging trans fats But any benefits stem from cacao which tasted bitter said sheer rare back and nutritionists that you have medical school Dark chocolate contains at least 70% cacao and some I sweet about 45% Milk chocolate things about 36% mixed with whole milk and sugar the jack up the fat and calories She said candy makers and put out new products with higher levels of cocoa touting health benefit If the sugar doesn't kill you then the other stuff will Some of the fat and cocoa butters unsaturated relatively healthy for the heart but some is saturated riskier She said chalk that made with vegetable oil would be about the same People shouldn't really worry about the type of fatty acid they're getting our backs said I would rather have to make concern with how many fruits and vegetables they have yeah We consider about those fruits too fari I'm in it all for the orbital postal employee Jill Schmater who was buying caramel apples Friday at Kilvans shrugged at the great chocolate debate I if I like the flavor I don't care too much about a tomato of Schmater said What if Schmater is related related to Schmendric and Schilmao's lunch mega you think so could be often the same family Jill Schmater 997 votes and a full-acted a grateful have a thousand and that's easy That's the point in the show which we just kind of sit back take a deep breath in a thigh and a thigh of relief And just relax okay, because we got a maiden shade Did we ever figure out what broken sound is that like some kind of a golf thing or what is that? I have a few lines Seriously now it says Jim managed at broken sound Well somebody please somebody the building please tell us what that is Topans I Playing badly And some of the left that are right over the radio dials free You They are the last remaining Remember that he was not being carried off the field in the in the stretcher The other team is just walking around the field of looking for somebody to play How about it Jim Wanna go play with them? Yeah, I Go home now it's 1118 you sure can let's get some hockey going baby All these franchises living in the distant past and sucking up the public's money. That's okay Sweat goes oh speaking of that speak of the public's money So your close personal buddy Mike Mayoth is on send. Yes, my cum Had a big thing here on the skinny on casino act. It's all over the map And there's another are companion article by John Burstein not burnstein burstine You think of guy whose name is jail in as in Jonathan you think he could be Jewish with a name like Burstein right now I'm and Michael Mayo Told the mail what what is this real name me of it's me? What what a businessman. I don't know Anyway, and ATM's not a lot on say you know everything in Florida is so depressing it's so predictable man There's slow there's fast and then there's the Florida way half past oh God of Broken sound in the heart of bulk offers its members the sophistication of cement of club living 27 private villages are situated in a thousand acres of pristine Tropical landscape. Oh, what did I tell you about golf at the broken sound club you may tee off at either the gene bait's design championship golf courses Socialize at the Anderson-Lizner style 60 thousand square foot club out a survey and ace on the state and tennis court Work out of the state state the our fitness center. We do an into spa and enjoy suburban cuisine That's bookers. That's broken sound in bulk of so I'm sure myself something to do with golf anything Yeah, or maybe it's just sponsored when we saw some money out of them we can only boy both Thousand twenty votes on a poll that I mentioned we got a thousand I don't know what we did Now we don't have to pay any attention to it Michael Mayo says the skinny on casino accidents all over the map after taking a spin around time to check out all six lots of signals and Broward I still haven't cracked the secret of finding a winning machine No worry Mike not to worry neither revive would buy no only be going there three years and I had a few winning days and then He says but I figured out a few things about how they casino stack up if you want to eat go to the new I'll casino formerly pump in a park harness track in Pompano Beach It has a gut-busting pallet teasing wall of pleasing buffet that rivals Las Vegas and its gluttonous All you can eat best of right If you want a smoke or any of the three similar old travel casinos because they're on sour sovereign travel land They're not subject to the Florida clean-end or air act or any other state laws If you want a party go to the Sentinel hard rock and Hollywood by day the young hip and trendy hangout by the resort pool By night they're swarming the casino floor and the adjacent I club bar restaurant complex If you want to be alone go to a Gulf Stream Park and Helen Dale Beach If you want to be alone the lively imported places or an eight and spookly empty sort of like Versailles and If you want to add up in a bowling alley when you go broke go to Marty Graug gaming formerly Hollywood great on track and Helen Dale Beach The ATMs right through there said Diane my helpful driver after she shut up me in a golf cart through the casino parking lot to decide In terms of holiday bowling center on Pemberc road Sure enough after I walk past a few rough next-winking lug neck buds. There were three ATM machines strike Thanks to the absurd bakeries of the legislature ATM machines are not allowed at the per mutual casinos This is the Florida F in way baby. There's the right way the wrong way and a flow of it in way ATM machines got to go out of shuttle and go on a little good shrub go to the bowling alley to get an 18 Bottom lines is Michael Holdnam. Oh with so many restrictions imposed by state at the per mutuals Note to ATM machines no progressive jackpots no table games such as black check over let limited hours nobody's got to confuse Roursk casino scene with a Vegas strip or even with wood vine. I might add But things have changed rapidly in the past six months with competition between the traction from building There are now about 7,850 machines planning and spinning at these six casinos 70 and 150 machines mine The per mutuals have class three Vegas del slots and the symbols are stuck with class two video lottery machines Players play against the house on class three machines and against other players in a common pool on class two machines Despite the machine disadvantaged the Indian casinos are still holding their own the per mutual casinos Come only run 60 hours a day the set of old casinos like wood vine never close I'm going there right now and get all my money back You believe me? No no The per mutuals are test 50% of their profits the set of holes don't have to pay a dime to the state leaving them well I'm for advertising and marketing work against the per mutuals Notes from one player scorecard with ratings for each casino on the scale of one to five cherries Okay, ready for this here's Michael Mayo rating the joints. Okay, I'll casino confident a beach It feels like Vegas in here from the high seedings and establish design touches let it cool ball blue columns rise majestically around the casino floor to the lavish I'll buffet a multi station eating extravaganza I'm not a gamer a community to tell you a trot of hell and they'll beat well. I wonder if you get to trust Just a joke now. I don't get all been out of shape her friend Joel a very 60 so it also from a hell and they'll be Oh, come for the slots. I've been to them all Vegas Atlantic City said this looks like a really high class place They've done it right rating for poppin o four cherries Seminal hard rock hotel in casino hot hip and now has some tranchy softload of Lorda was credit and an Nicole Smith collapsed and died a room 607 in February This is the place where locals feel compelled to bring out a ton visitors for a night You don't know what the slots pay out is but nobody here seems to care There's life here. You actually hear whooping and hovering on the casino floor strangely absent at the other spots The main drawback is it gets too crowded especially on the weekends and the restaurants and bars are pricey I stopped by one a Thursday and saw a few drunken kids fighting come on a Friday or Saturday and takes forever to get a seat of the poker table Said Leon last year of adventurer You sign up for 45 minutes to give you a beaver and you have to wait another 45 minutes rating four cherries Marty grove gaming During the second day during the day seniors dominate at night There's a working class five with a t-shirt crowd on the second floor rooting home dogs in a diverse crowd playing slots On the first floor. This is the place for me. He said Kerwin Smith a Hollywood if said she comes almost every night Gulf stream is for the rich man this place is for everybody because the slots are put in the existing building There's a cramped dank feeling the seedlings are low and funky odor is off through. What that sounds like would buy The buffet has steamed tables thrown in the middle of the floor I had a five dollar bowl of seafood gumbo at a snack bar greasy batch of brown roux Mushy vegetables and bits of tasteless chicken and gelatin the seafood. He says rating only two and a half cherries. Oh And it goes down from there Seminal coconut creak casino with competition from the ark has seen the seminal's a goodness place of Facebook There's a decent buffet in the poker room is gone smoke free, but you'll still need your gas mask if you're non smoke or the aristic would stay out the back Oh I like to smoke when I play said Marley and Joseph a lot of hello Winston burning in an ash for next year of machine You can't do that everywhere rating for the seminal coconut creak casino two cherries Seminal Hollywood casino This is the place where Florida's gambling revolution began with a seminal's winning the right to up at a bingo hall here in 79 even though the upscale hard rock is just across the street This place still draws a devoted crowd of locals. It's down market But as a certain down home well-worned feel also heavy on the smoke rating a mere one and a half cherries and Last is it the S last and least. Oh, they get two cherries of ghost dream They're dying over here. It's sad Under my cold Mayo got that line. I says they're dying over here It's a beautiful new building that's been betrayed by poor planning can be lay out in constant changes at the height of a Thursday night The slots rooms were nearly empty and employees almost at number customers of else rooms three kings for its launch They're going for the high rollers, but nobody was playing the hundred dollar machines are buying eight dollar Much of rustic from the snack bar Harold Woods of Pemberpines dropped out with some friends to play poker, but there was no poker The rules are confusing with per mutuals allowed at poker only on certain days the travel casino's at poker 24-7 with higher tournament stakes The legislature might loosen those restrictions on ATMs Pokerums and casino operating hours next week and makes no sense it was the state gives the per mutuals a little bit And then they tie their hands if you're gonna have gambling have gambling don't treat us like children He says rating for girls being too cherries They're dying over here. I'd be like that It's blatant rip off, you know, he's doing like a how's the old Paul mainstream? I'm out of the right 18 hours a day. How they doing they still lie? I Don't know we got a thousand 32 votes. I think we're still doing it man. We're still pushing it. Yeah, we're pushing it in slow 11 20 signalers the epistocabe was just a commercial okay, well, what if it said Dico calm so easy a therapist can do it. Nancy B. I said I don't know about you But I'm just like I said a little time to the epistocabe man. Yeah, I like to know a sign on that moving walkway There in the airport folding the arms of that exasperated look like Oh god, yeah, singing is the lowest form of communicate You guys are saying like it's like a train going off the rails Train ears on the stage we have found the worst thing up in the world I think the unkind said you have one of the worst in voice It's just a show American udd I Let's We got country and wasted. Ah, we got one thing when he's lost, we'll two, 11.32 at five, 60 W to Qm. Mad Dog at Broken Sound into the Savonon in Boka. Hmm. And look at that phone man, that is a doorknob. Now, I've taught him many a time. Nothing shocks me having worked 800 years in this market. Okay. But of all the days when you think that these people, even though this is a non-sport show, everybody, I mean everybody except George, right, is talking about one thing. Today. Yeah. I'm not going to say it. Yeah, I do, but I don't say the words. But isn't it what they're all talking about? I don't know. Not this cry. I don't see it. I really don't hear it. Qm, hello. Bird you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60. I might just go through my problems, just forget about the phone. I thought we'd get a lot of feedback today. We could arrange that. What do you mean by that? Be back there. Like this? Yeah. We could both do the feedback thing. Very, very just amazing to me, man. These people, and you want to know why? Because they're going to be led by the nose. Just like I said, show this morning. And there they are. Oh yeah. First I was a little bit upset, but blah blah blah. No, we realized they got the, some other quarterback. And they got something nobody ever heard of before. And they got, you know, they're going to run fast and jump high and lose a lot. But I like that coach's name, though. Rod Roddy. WQAM, hello. Yes. There must be something really wrong with the Brady Quinn guys for having to drop so, so, yeah. Yeah. It's too pretty. Didn't you look at Lover getting enough? Yeah, I looked him over. And did you find something wrong with him? I didn't find a pimple on his ass. I'll tell you that right now. I didn't find anything out of joint. But then again, I might be looking for different things that they're looking for. And I'm not that's the problem. That's the only reason you like him. He was because he's a pretty boy. He can't play. That's where he can play. I watched somebody that was Notre Dame Gamesman. And believe you, me, the pain, the pain in my brain from even just watching Notre Dame. I don't confuse the idea that I was ever rooting for Notre Dame. No way Jose. But then again, as George always says, what do I know about it? So it's like radio. It's like talk radio. What could I know about that? I know nothing. And I'm proud to tell you that. I'm not nothing. And look at the money I'm making for knowing nothing. If I knew something, then maybe I'd be in big trouble. WDQA and hello. Uncle Gil. Yes, sir. How to hell are you on this day? OK. Listen, uh, yeah. Oh, how'd you do Saturday at Colabine? You lost your rope. A Colabine? A Colabine. I'm sorry. Yeah, it's pretty funny. Colabine. WDQA and hello. Can you spell M-O-R-O-N is more used to say? He put the mole. In moron. WDQA and hello. WDQA and hello. Thank you for what? Is Jordan? No, Jordan and on today. Meals under there. Do you want to speak to me? No. I'd love to. Yeah, you're talking to him. Meals? Yeah. My name is Walter. I just wanted to check in with you. I don't want to be redundant. Did anybody call you about the Fox Morning Show with Brady Quit on it? No. OK. It was on over the weekend. It was either Friday or Saturday. Brady Quit was against. They have the three people who do the Morning Show. Yeah. And the dark head guy goes out into the street with Brady Quit. Those down the block about a half a block down and jumps into a truck. One of these open trucks in the back. Yeah. And Brady Quit throws him a touchdown pass about 45 or 50 yards right over the barrier into the truck. Yeah. But the Dolphins have a story about. TFF maybe the Dolphins don't watch Fox News. Maybe I'll stand like the Dolphins a little bit better. All right. Well, I got news for you. If you could put some trucks out on the field, then maybe you ought to sign Brady up. Put a few trucks out there. Haven't throw over a few roadblocks. You're like, we do hear on QA. I mean, I'll put a few roadblocks in their way. It just it defies the description. It's so stupid. So we're going to the fact that in the fact that now we got the Dolphins, I guarantee you, I bet you, you're a life on it. And if we hadn't got the Dolphins games back, you'd be here in a different tune. Some of our sports mavens on this radio station today. And for days and weeks and months to come. Yeah. Are they really shocking? Are there two cares? No, no. Not now, man. Now we are on our hands and knees. And we are round the clock. We are moist with Dolphin Mania. WQA. Hello. Aren't you practice what you preach one time? TV said yourself, it's not a sports show. Yeah. What started with me? Yeah. Is that a race? Yes. WQA. Hello. I'm running on coloele. Yes, sir. That's one of the lets you know a little piece of curvy about Rob Roddy. And he was once a test job. He and he was on the hill and WQA. WQA would be W and Buffalo and all that. Okay. I know that. Yeah. Nobody cares. WQA. Hello. Yeah. I wanted to know. One side. Ha ha ha. Half of it you did. WQA. Hello. I'm sorry you're low so much money. It would bind. Yeah. Would you bet in a better mood this morning if you've done better? What does that mean? I'm going to grade move. What are you talking about? Yeah. Good weekend. I had a wonderful weekend. What are you writing a book? No. No. What do you got to say, sir? Don't worry about if I'm in a good mood, a bad mood, a loss. I want. What do you got to say, sir? Say something. Okay. What is the expression Uncle Tom? I mean, since they buried Jim Crow. What is Uncle Tom? Look at the mirror you'll understand. WQA M. Hello. It's funny. You'll have a stick and puck. Rine with. Shmuck. WQA M. Hello. Niel. Very last time with a snare. Okay. I heard Paul Harvey Jr. call on a Friday. That was great. No, it wasn't. You asked that. Why? Okay. You said the time is off to you. Yeah. It was in maybe Rick Cactric and call. I hope not. What do you got? Forget it. You're just like the other guy. What have you got? Forget about all these other people. What have you got? I can't think of any mature. Yeah. Oh. I got plenty of nothing. However that goes well. Sure was great here in so-and-so called actually say something. Well, what do you got to say? Nothing. Just that I sure wanted to hear somebody else say something because I ain't got none to say. Just pathetic man. And that business about why am I an agon. I'm in a great mood. I couldn't be in a better mood if they I opened the door and they were like $2 million in small bills cash and outside my doorstep. Maybe they might have my feet and ever know. $154 on the pool. They just don't hear. I guess that's any aridious crowd. That's why Mad Dog was treated. He was responded with by silence when he made it. That's kind of a cute line. But don't they bring a 9-A bump in the sports van you to a thing. We're because they like oh that's that faggot there. He's the anti-sports guy and he sure liked the dolphins. And you know something if they had Tom Brady and Brady Quinn and all of a bunch of who in my buddy for Raj from my space of it all these people. I'm there. I still wouldn't like them. I'd like the guys. But I wouldn't like the team and I'd hope they go all and 16 rhymes with team. $159 votes how pissed off for you that often's passed on Brady Quinn. They passed on Brady, baby. Don't care if 385 or 36% don't care. Not surprise they suck 307. I'm happy he blows 120. I agree with their choice 119. Psychotic 75 and ready to blow my brains out 53. Wouldn't that be great WSB in Atlanta 750 on Mad Dog? I could call it psychotic 75. They got a bunch of Nazis under like that. Neville Boards guy and I don't know if they still talk on that station or what? Borscht. Neville Boards. Yeah. 20 before what do you know about Borscht? I know it's beat soup and cranes. Horscht. You're right. Horscht right. Sure. They put that on your filter fish. There we go. Let's do some way to talk to the head on. No, I don't. Let's do a Jew talk. We got through my crowd. We got Goldberg in Kampolin and what's his name? Who's the other Jew on? Oh that's from me. Yeah. Who the other Jews we got. Oh, you. Do you have one? Do do do do do do. And Robert Greeper. Don't have Robert Greeper. Don't have Robert Greeper's Jewer. Of course he is. How are you? Well nobody's perfect. Okay. Everybody's got you know. They're acts as to bear. Congratulations. Get a light. Stuff cold, huh? Stuffing nose. And a headache. Well you can take one leaf cold inside this and feel great all day or four of these others because they can wear off every few hours. Hey. Oh god. It's coming out of my nose. Oh god. Look at the size of my nose. And it's not only one kind of. We got a lot of sun and so on. We got a moon rocking right now. Although we'd rather be taller. We'll free. We keep a quenet smile. Our size. If it was an hour or less, don't cry. We're too many. But don't do. And press. Right. Though you try. Not to sneeze. And we still you try. It's a liture time of this feeling. We know. We're safe and warm. I'm a fortune picking back nose. Just like. And thanks to the family and means your boss. And thanks to the family and means your boss. She's our new. She's our new. She's our new. She's our new. We don't need no. She's been a good. You're currently on a shy about digging around in your nose. You're body is supposed to entirely stand. I have a honker. But I like it. I think it's sexy. So I would send you with me. I have a honker. But I like it. I think it's sexy. So I would send you with me. Even my worst allergy symptoms. My congestion. My sneezing. And my sinus press. Picks. No. So gross. It's gross. No. No. The real strength. With flowers. Human body. My body is composed and highly stud. Don't seem fair to pop those pills in. After teeth and doors. And you live on it. You know I have still me. You're in all the truth. So I have. In the following. How are they? So say back call in. Get a fact. Don't let it fly. Yeah. You know, we're no more. That's been born. Excuse me, man. But my nose just like you. You know, we're near. It has its own. I'll think it's your nose. Yeah. It's like, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. I like you can gesture well. Rollin' my life again. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. I'm 47. 13. Yeah. I caught myself picking my nose in the middle of that. I said here and I realized my fingers deep in my nostril. I'm thinking, geez. Oh, and I pulled it out real quick. How are you? I know. What? Huh? Power suggestions. Right. 1077. And the nose and not. Right. And some place else. Anyway, that guy that called him in to go, oh, would you be in a better mood today? I'm in a great mood. Okay. I'm in a fabulous mood. Life is great. Everything is coming up roses. Everything smells real good. Like, lil' ox. I'm going to go to Rochester this summer. You think? No. No. Do you know, remember they had that, um, I told you about that. Ferry. You're fair. From Toronto to Rochester, across Lake Ontario. I think that thing ran about a half dozen times in the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, Schmidt-Candon. You wanted to why? Why? Well, we're, we're, we're there more people in Toronto or in Rochester. Gee Toronto? Yeah. And so, obviously, for that thing to succeed, there'd have to be a whole lot of people going from here. And they're right. Well, right. I want to go to Rochester. As the people on the way back from going to Toronto. Evidently, nobody wants to go to Rochester, including me. If they had to go, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Boy, you don't, you haven't lived it. It had done a Bob's. Oh, boy. Right next to my L.M. free school. I think it's a child I was destined to be fed. You know, if you have fat jeans when you're a kid, you better watch it, Mr. Cause you're going to mind a fat. Let me see how much I can, oh, geez, I'm fat. So, did I tell you about that ice cream? Yeah. Oh, stop. Stop already. Now, this John bursting article, Gulf Stream Park slots it by slump. See, did this, you know what it's like? It's like how you know there are there. They always talk about location, location, all this other stuff. And how there are some like places in strip shopping malls where they go out of business over and over again. It's just a bad location. Remember, pony tail, I tried to warn them about that place in plantation, bad location, and on this station. But he would listen to me. Not there, no, no, no. He bailed out of it. And then I guess the other guy bailed out. Not even there, no, no, no, right behind Walgreens. Mm-hmm. For, for while I'm eating. I think that is, of course, that particular location. You can't see it from the street because it's hidden by Walgreens. And it's, it's just, you know, you don't know what's there. And Gulf Stream, like most of the other fair motiles, but probably the worst of Fender. Gulf Stream, the median age was death plus 40, okay? I mean, for years and years, you heard Hank screaming and carrying on about. That's just before he does this, but that's okay. At least he's being honest about that. That's good, huh, perky, no man. By the way, talk about fan. I'm, you know, something, I'm always taking your word for it. This weekend, I'm going to get to see him because he'll be on the, or wait a minute. Does ABC, I don't think they have the derby, do they? I don't know. Doesn't NBC have it now? I really can't keep track. I think NBC's got it. And that awful Tom Hamid will be on there with the white hair. Oh, geez. But anyway, I better start doing my homework for the derby. I was going to say I was going to get to, he'll be on the ESPN. Won't he? Chris, he'll be on the ESPN for the derby coverage. Most definitely. In fact, let me take a puke here and look. Oh, yes, see that? Thursday. Oh, jelly at the dolphins of word bank. What, oh my God. And then, yeah, Friday, 80K from Vegas, all the way to his power hour with Hank and Maddo. I don't understand that. This whole schedule, I think Chris was on acid when he was making this up. I'll see him on there somewhere. And I want to see if he, if my sandstone 46 inch will hold the hump around the screen. If it does, I'll feel a little bit better. Because he's diabetic. He put the die in diabetic, you know what I mean? And you're not doing very much to help save him. Oh, you gave up on that a long time. Yeah, but then you know me, you gave better. You expect to be in my will and you won't even try to prevent me from eating me. I said listen, I told you I'd hire the goon. Of course, you got to pay for it. I don't have goon money. Don't you know what makes you think I got to goon money? Especially after wood buying. Oh, I don't think I even got to mention now, although we do get off Wednesday. We do get off Wednesday early at 1230 being early with my Wednesday. I'll ride. I have a good time there. So I lost see in the beginning. Haven't gone through almost three years now. And in the beginning, like this guy said before, or you'd be in a better mood. Yeah, I used to get really pissed off. I'm never going there again and place their robbing. But if you've got the money and it's not going to change your lifestyle, you're not gambling away any way that you really need. What if there's a make? Right? Right. Now the money that I lost in Saturday, I'm sure that you had been much happier if I would have just put an envelope in the house. But I went through with the idea that I was going to win or at least break the course. That's a good idea. I didn't go there with the idea that oh, I'm going to lose a couple of grand today. And therefore I should mail a couple grand a George. So you can feed his family. Listen, whatever it takes for me to get that most precious gift that you give me every day. Every week morning. Every weekday morning. Every weekday morning he comes in there and they're I am. That's it. And he thinks oh, he's. And let me ask you this quite I'll get to this article eventually, but we got two more hours. That's an interesting thought. Now I'm not kind of what I'm in pretty good health. I feel great. I really do. I feel excellent. Couldn't have been all that screwing around. I did this weekend. Oh, that might have something to do with it. But anyway, well, that helps. Doesn't it? Sure. Helps foot upright smile on your face. Right. And the fact that the sun is shining and subunitable. They man, it's going to be like 60. They said 63. I think it's going to all pan to four and you're showing the pan to is doing it. I don't want to see that. I'm seeing it in. It's 54. It's going to be 63. I think we're going to top that. I think we're going to 65 to 70. I just just had that feeling because it's just a beautiful day. So, but what's going to happen today that you turn you come in there in a morning and this is the Simon and Garfunk old day. The sounds of silence. Uh, well, I'll call someone like here a concierge or something like that. You have that number? No. Probably give that to me. Oh, I don't have it. I got it somewhere. Yeah. Nice. The concierge is in my building. Yeah. I'll have someone go on and down on your door. You can pick it up on it with them too because they're like Latinos. Well, I'll try English. And if that doesn't work, then I'll work too. That'll work too. One thing about Toronto baby, air be buddy, speaking English. Even if it is not like right, they at least may do their best to do their duty. Nobody approaches you here in some kind of like swahe when you're some foreign language. I mean, I'll speak in English. I'm like Montreal, of course, where they got that frog craft going. I do like that casino there, Montreal. I just don't like the people. And the food, oh man, they got good food in that place. They got a great buffet up on top. It's like five stories Montreal. And then, of course, there's always falls view. And I go for falls. I think maybe next weekend, not this weekend, but the fun and one, maybe I'm going to take a little ventured out of Niagara Falls. And even though I'll lose my answer to you, you know what? I think I have a great time and they count the room and they count the meals and boy, you talk about good food. Mm. And good clientele. No. Ha ha ha ha. Man. What a difference in a clientele between woodbinder Niagara Falls. Of course, Niagara Falls, you know, is like a honeymoon place. Yes. I know that. So what's going to happen today, then I croak? Were you telling me about it? I will. I'll tell you all about it. I don't think that's going to be. I think I think this is my goal. I have several goals in life. Mm hmm. One of which I'm working on now. Yeah. And that is to. To live long enough so that my contract ends. You know, I keep extending extending it. I just like to live long enough. So I have it like at least one day of return. Maybe that's what your life spent will be based on. You know, as soon as you don't have a contract anymore, you don't croak. That's why the reasons I keep doing is because everybody tells me, oh, you don't want to retire because if we retired too young under the age of 100, you're going to croak you're with a rough and die. And, you know, I've heard that. I've heard that from people. Everybody says that when you have no more reason. No more reason to live. I have lots of reason to imagine you do, yeah. I know that. What? What are you talking about? Huh? Something. You are such a vascular man. Yeah, you're brutal. You are. Yeah. I think they had a point. I know. About you. Uh huh. So, it's $194. It's pretty excited about that. And he doesn't even know what that we're talking about. What are you? You'll talk behind my back. $195. We got $1100. What do you think? We got two hours to go. Should we go for 13? And you know, why not? And let me just tell you this. Brady Quinn would have looked real real pretty. And I'd dolphin the uniform. This is very, very quick. Whenever I shape up all, I listen to the heel Rogers 12 to one hour. You're going to be a good one hour. You're going to be a good one hour. You're going to be a good one hour. You're going to be a good one hour. You're going to be a good one hour. You're going to be a good one hour. You're going to be a good one hour. You're going to be a good one hour. You're going to be a good one hour. Both of this I don't let those back touch. You're both true and surviving long. Tell a good letter, Ed, Ass . Toussaint, lead a slight page and do a better You love giving cels kinder would you? We don't pay any credit, Ed, redass and leading likely men. I can't tell him to pushrenalink I know him to with all of ours He'll take it back So let me ask you, would you feel better today? Would you be in a better mood if you wanted to call a mine on Saturday? Oh, brother. It's a trouble three or five, 60. Speaking of golf stream and old far, it's golf stream part racing conceited, they viewed with a big opening day. It's Las Vegas style slot, my jeans, generating 334 grand and revenue. That was November 15, five months later. It's a different story right, John Burstine and this comes sentinel. The hell in the ill-meat race track, because you know how it's worth a April 16. It's daily total revenue falling towards lowest 56,924. My god, I could lose that much in one day if I was a crazy person. For the first week, the week's of April, the track average 131,800 in daily total revenue. Each machine generated about 100 eight bucks a day. Well, below the 250 knowledge for slots along these goes 100 eight bucks a day. From my sheen, but our expectations were pretty high from that standpoint. I don't think we met expectations. Also, I think it's a brand new market to build more fee. golf stream park president, hey, Bill, get with it, baby. Okay, get with the program. When I started to say before before you so weirdly interrupted me about croaking on the air or something. Yeah, was that people are creatures of habit. And when you're clientele for 20 30 years, at least, has been, you know, death plus a hundred, you're not going to get too many living and breathing people. Or even if you do bring back your fucking union gap. Gamling industry analysts have called the consumers performance disappointing, wondering about its ability to compete in the crowd, broward, and slots market. Of course you'd have them in day two, except for your fat ass former governor who went on the Spanish language radio station before the election. Oh, gambling all the, the model, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Whatever it was screaming the on. And all your people who love gambling, by the way, as you well know, they've used up right in the line. Oh, sure, whatever CCC senior you've flat ass idiot. And how's Terry Shavodne when by the way? How's there? You open. Gulf Stream Park, the county's first race track, as soon as was fighting the stick that claimed against three established seminal traplicacy, no isn't to other new casinos, Mardi Gras, race track and gaming center and the alicacy, alicacy, no racing and pop at a park. A seventh casino, Dania Highlise, gets to open late next year. That means potentially 10,000 slot machines ring within the county around tribal land. There's a lot of options for the entertainment dollar and software to Murphy said. Half of every slot stocked out of the race track, because he knows go to four desegications system. The major selling point for the state of our friend is a lot of hours per mutual to get the machines, which old gram on heel helped to get past and gets his slap in the ass for it. By the way, I got an email from Dufffield in the morning. Okay. I'm just telling you that he got the, he got sight of the melting pot again. All right. All right. That's a pretty food. Yeah, absolutely. More dipping and dunking. You know it. The legislature's office of economic and demographic research is projected to be side had a maximum 1500 machines. It would bring in 286 and a half million for education by the 2009, 2010 school year. And average of 71 and a half million for gambling site. That's based on each slot machine generating daily revenue, 262 bucks. I can take care of that in an hour, half an hour, 262 bucks my ass. Galsh Dean Park generated about $12.4 million for schools and it's first five months of corner state figures. The weekly contribution to education is dropped from a 713,600, the opening week to 400 and 2000, donor for the week of April 16, 2022. See, there's one thing this article doesn't want to take into account about South Florida. Okay. And you know what that is? What? That it's still a worsens buggy or that seasonal place. Now, what happened before April 16, Easter and Paceoff? Am I right about that? Mm-hmm. Nothing. And what happens in South Florida after Easter and Passover? Everybody goes right on the half ends. Nothing. The whole lot of nothing. Everybody goes. They pay a lot. When it does, they pay a lot of the time becomes like a ghost town. Am I right or my wrong? You're right. I'm absolutely correct sir. I don't really correct sir. This happened despite the track adding 700 or five machines last month, up against number of slots to 1221. Martin Graut, which opened 1147 in late December, about a month after Gulf stream park, has brought in about 16.3 million in for schools. Gulf stream officials can see there were missteps but say they'll soon see an increase in revenue. Among the factors that track officials industry and let's point to affecting the casino, Gulf stream didn't start a major at campaign for slots until this month. A law banning ATM machines in check cashing a track is hand-strong slots players and horsebedders. And it's just so stupid. It makes me want to sit here and scream. I want to just get up and just do the green apple quist tip all over my carpet here. The seminal hardwagon casino and hotel means the dominant force in South Florida's gambling market and Gulf stream park will soon face another obstacle part of its parking lot will become a construction zone. Construction said to begin next month on the first phase of the village of Gulf stream park, a 68 or complex of stores, condos hotel and movie theater, that means Gulf stream park will have to start offering a shuttle service for customers from the parking lot to the casino. At least maybe by then they might have an ATM. No ATM. I mean what is that? A casino with no ATM in here such a thing? No, never. I mean you go to the supermarket they have a free ATM so get more cash and buy more than that. The convenience store, the double-time shop. That is it. Everyone. The little Chinese market I go across right away with a lady who barely speak it in ways and she just loves me. I even got a little ATM in there. The third bread horse track, Gulf streamfares that people might think of the casino shut down with the racing season. It will be 22. Eric Lemmer and Gulf stream's wife president of gaming. It is not going to help with all that construction going on. People are going to drive by and think it is probably close for construction. And you know as one of the side, that perpetually every year when I was there for 400 years I was in South Florida, every year just before they go for the racing season to go. They start doing construction on US one right there for the track. Am I right? I am absolutely correct. Tara. That is a little highway. Oh, God. Like I said, there is the right way and then there is the Florida way. And as far as what kind of mood I mean guess what? I'm going to great mood anyway. Why? Why? I'm not a car. Oh, Halle, Lua. Halle, Lua. I'm going to come there for special occasions as you know. Despite being the first to help with Vegas style, Slots Gulf stream park officials acknowledge the track didn't capitalize whether they strong promotional campaign. A different management team of Gulf stream park headed by then president Paul McCoochi assumed that once this last move and people would simply show up Lemur and said, Koochi Koochi McCoochi, yeah, right. Yeah, open it and they will come just by our spouses. It's our kill way, I mean, you know, we got a new whatever show, you know. Everybody will just come flocking to five sixty. Won't they? Huh? Magnet or payment for a ghost in Paris per capita announcement, January that Murphy was replacing McCoochi Koochi, Koochi, who's going to hit various gaming initiatives for Magnet. Magnet and her payments corporate officials said last week that McCoochi is no longer with a company and could be reached for common. Remember, bugs he's single, I'll go ahead and have it in. Now that we've had to do, and now what we've had to do is pick up the ball run with it trying to make the best of a bad situation on Lorenzo. We basically have regrouped and started a whole entirely new marketing initiative to include all the things we should on the first place, such as direct mail, giveaways, promotions, different way to a TV advertising. Gulf stream park is founded about 50% of Slots plays its track to be into the casino once and never returned, he blames that on the lack of promotions and the legal band of ATMs and checkhashing at the three-per-mutuals with Slots. No checkhashing, no ATM just bring a barrel full of money, I guess. Once gamblers run out of money, a ghost named Park Thief to take a shuttle to nearby banks 18, where they leave. In this day and age, people won't carry the kind of money they used to carry 20 years ago because of the convenience of ATMs or in the racing world checkhashing. He said, I'm sure where the only major racetrack in the west that doesn't have an ATM machine or couldn't catch you with check. What kind of a bunch of communist graph is that? You silly old farts and so forth, huh? It's the typical thought away. Make sure it fails, okay? Your fan asked you, although wildly popular Jeff Bush, your fan asked Governor with his dysfunctional family and his two battalion of session. WQAM, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Where were you reading that article from about Gulf stream? Sun Sentinel. Sun Sentinel? Yes sir. How many cherries do you give a woodwife? One to five. Okay. One more thing. What about you know, man? I said I'm a scale of one to five and you leave one listen to the answer. Sir, sir. I said one to five. Oh. Meaning is I'm asking you, you mean on that scale? Yes. Minus ten. Okay. Listen to me. I got one sentence to wrap up this week in a sportsburg Miami. Yes. I'm high we cursed down here. All right. All right. Yeah, to which I would say yes. I think absolutely is what's easy. Well, I think wood lines are beautiful facility and it's said they got the 1700 slots and the food sucks, but you know, you got the escalator, the racing level and you can get the, you know, you, you, usual stuff you get the track, you know, pizza and they have a little cafeteria there and you got your macaroni and cheese and meat loaf and crap. No, it's a beautiful facility. It just, it depends on how you rated for what it looks like and how much money it's raising. Believe me, if anybody's making a lot of money, that's where they're making it and plenty of it is mine. Hey. Stench of cow manure. Puppers over this performance by the dolphins. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One drive in. I've got to fill my ass, you see. Time and time, I'll give you a hand. I heard a oil, supplies that will the flea eat when it's another war. We have to face. Now there's a hunger in the food escape. I know cheap food for him on say, hey, hey. Come on, it's no fair. Oh, what we got of crazy, come on, what is that fair? So as triple a day, can't they get any higher home? I just have no one to see. Can't they get any higher home? Go on drive, we'll find gold. Thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices and that's strong American dollar. It's worth about two cent everywhere else in the world. Nobody wants you in touch that baby and they a dollar either. Which in your case is make too much difference, but because you do all your business in dollars. Right. By like five dollars by half a loaf of bread. And maybe a cup of tea. Lemon 38 on a pool. What do you think Chris, we're going to make 13 or one? Oh, sir. Yeah. We got it. Well, what do we mean? We got it. We got 11.38. We're going to go for 13. We only got an hour and 41 minutes to go. And I thought I'm counting of course. Don't forget Wednesday. We got the Marlins game at 12.30. Pretty marlins. So we got to look up. They still find Chase Stadium wouldn't that be sad. I guess they do. Yes, they do. Oh, no. Why bother? I had Trent Green on here. You know, he's almost 37 years old. He'll be 37 before football season starts. Who? Trent Green, the aging quarterback of Kansas City, whom they're dolphin is allegedly trying to get to be their stock-gant quarterback because they don't want to have like a permanent quarterback for the future. They want to keep getting these old, uh, watched over, you know, at least he once was pretty good. At least he once looked pretty dang good. I'll say that. Okay, New York, New York weather. I just want to make sure it's not going to rain Wednesday. In New York. Okay. Wednesday, all sunny and 18 at 6465 sunny, not a cloud in the sky. Going to be beautiful for that Marlin Metz game. 12 30 pregame on Wednesday. And then I'm pretty sure it's the following week. Don't have an 11 30 exit. I think we from Thursday. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Here's the fact that says, I mean, not that we want to screw off and, you know, avoid entertaining new people for our four-solve hours every day. Walk solid. But if we can get out of it, we can get away with a one-hall-nine. When you agree, who's that online 12? Hello, Batline. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Dick Finder. I knew it was Dick Finder because I could tell about that squeaky voice. How are you doing, Dick? I'm good. You got me pretty hungry talking about down and about. Oh, boy. Here he is around around. Oh, no. Let's talk about Batline's and Buffalo Raceway, not. And also, how about David Vance and your pants? Yes, well, but, um, let me know, please. I kind of like, I like Dave's. I bought a horse from Dave Vance one. Oh, wow. Let's not talk about it on the ear. Dick, did you call the sabotage right? Sure, what? No, I, I, you've been talking about everything I'm interested in today. Yeah, I know. But I also want to mention that I'm not related to Joel Feinberg. You do a lot of work. No, I'm not. But I do. You think that would talk to you if I thought you were? And the thank you for your mention of Max Robinson, one of my personal favorites. Can I tell you a little story about that? Sure. Stand Baron. Now do you remember standing Baron? Three forms for it. Yeah, he was a sports guy from Buffalo. And he did this show called Racing from Buffalo Raceway and Racing from Batavia. Downs, depending where they were racing with that time. Sure. And I used to be at work to WBT and Batavia. And I was doing my show at night and we carried that show from 1030 to 1045. Fifteen minutes show. I was in good whenever I wasn't at the track. And so anyway, I used to run a board and then when standing on vacation a couple times he had me fill in for him and do the show. Well, the first night that I'm off there at the track. And you know, you're sitting there kind of like, I don't know, kind of like in the open. You know, and the acoustics are different from being like in a real studio. And so I'm, I'm talking. Well, listen, in the second round, I'm talking like five times as loud as I need to be. I have no idea why I was doing it. And Max Robinson, the track announcer was in the booth right next to me. And he gave me a look like just a piercing look that would kill. And I thought to myself, I thought maybe I better tone it down a little bit. And I did and sure enough, when the show was over he said, I asked more like it or something like that and whatever you know, he was a good guy. He was a good guy. You know, whenever I was like, he's or glasses around the house and I eventually find him. I'll just stop and go. And here they are. Oh, I love them all. At least you're not doing Roger Houston anyway. Hopefully. And I also, I found out a lot last week also that you went to camp Eagle Coast. Is that what it was called? Belly Cores or somewhere camp. If you were a Jewish kid from Rochester either went there or too many horses camp. I was in the air. I was the other one. I'll be one. Yeah, I had a, I was 16 years old. I went to summer camp the one year was great. Yeah, no, it's beautiful. The first couple days I was I missed being at home in the rest of the week. I never wanted to go home again. I went to the, I was actually at Eagle Coast for a couple of weeks. At the end of the summer on a special thing. It was, yeah, I love to let no forge that hilarious. So what are you doing these days, Dick? I'm just enjoying my retirement. You're, you're a forestry timer. Well, that's good. That's all right. It's, it's not a bad thing. The, I was like, you on Saturday. I just turned down the TV for five minutes and watched this Brady Quinting. I was just, I felt sorry for the kid. You know, I mean, they had it on TV. So, you know, what are you going to say after a while? Yeah. I mean, that's just, although I can remember a word draft decision. The, we went Buffalo, it all went the Buffalo Braves started me MBA. Yeah. Yeah, I guess I was in Buffalo, but I was up there. What they did, they had the first pick in the draft, and then they, you know, they had the first pick in the second round. They bypassed the greatest player in college basketball, who played in their auditorium where they were going to, and sold them abroad, auditorium for college gaming, Kelvin Murphy. They passed them up twice, and he became an MBA officer. Well, there you go. And now they're those, and they're going to lose the day they passed on Brady Quinting. Trust me when I say it. I mean, don't they want to put it in the subway? Don't they want to put bus in seat? Even if you're not saying it. Even if he doesn't work out, he's for a couple years, you're going to sell tickets. So, let me ask you this, the, the, the Derek, your call, our mutual friend Derek Per mutual friend. And said that Pomp and a witty has done a right in the place is beautiful, and, did they let you win there? I mean, if you, if you win in there? One last week, yeah, no, no. I mean, how is it involved in the planning of that, and they, they did the right thing. They, they integrated it with, with a racing one, say open the second floor. You'll walk right out onto a, into a little grandstand where you can watch the races. And, whereas, you know, I don't want to slam golf stream, golf stream. There's beautiful. You really have to be my guest. But you don't, you don't have a sense of fun or, I, I, they hear with a large crowd. When you go either to play the plot or go to the racing there, they've got all these different rooms, beautiful restaurants, and this path. But there's no sense of community, you know, like you're with a large crowd, you haven't found. I think that's the, you know, that's, that would be my, my wrapped, it golf stream. Well, one of these days when I'm back to I down there, I'll go over to Pomp and a one, I'll make my contribution here. No, we'll, yeah, we'll go on when they open the restaurants upstairs. You and I go, we'll go have dinner, one of the new ones. On them. On them, absolutely. Okay. Thanks a lot, Dick. Okay. I take care. Tell man, she says hi from the other side. 115, 5, I'm not so sure about that 1300. That's Dick Feinberg, formerly of Pomp and a Park, you know Dick, right? Yes, I think I heard it. Good guy, nice thing. Greetings, Neil says this, facts since you're gambling intensive this morning. Boy, we sure got in gambling intensive. FYI, Barney Fag, Barney Frank was on impure Friday talking about abilities in reducing the sense of legalized internet gambling. Probably has no chance of passing, but at least he be trying, says the facts. It'll Barney Fag, man. He's trying to do the right thing. I don't know about that internet gambling, you know? That could be awesome. See that, that's not for me. These people think I've got a gambling problem. Like the guy said, in owning Mahoney, I don't have a gambling problem. I have a losing problem. Yeah. Feel, feel of seeing more Hoffman. But the internet, boy, I said, you got to be really sick to start doing that. Really, really sick. Can you imagine how much you could play? I mean, there's no limit. I mean, talk about 24 or seven. Am I right? I don't know who you're doing business with. Exactly. Haven't we had a few internet examples of some lessons that we've heard ourselves? By the way, we have 1351 MySpace friends. You can tell me, girl, to put that in this pipe and you can smoke away. You're fair. You're going to be a boy. I guess you see KS. Right there, man, of the Nala fan. Check it all day to fill in. I'm the land to my house. He ran, now he's hiding in my basement. Or more. And you thought it was over. They got shot up in Iraq. Where the jokes on you, you pathetic boo. Was one of them came back. Pull the boo, oh my. He's here. Oh, I love. I tried to tell the reporter. But none of them wanted to hear. He's an evil dude with the bomb or two. And no one cares he's here. I'm on a ball. I'm on a ball. Woo, woo, oh my. Woo, woo, oh my. We're going to pull a ball. We ever get him or a summer. Yeah. Or any of those now. 1112.32 or 560. We got 1167. We need 133 votes by 2 o'clock to get to 13. Or Chris gets a trip to Chachau Square and we are. Uh, well, that'd be fun. No. A government commission that probably as we all summer were against, Hezbollah, Gerval is an usbianon, a huge prime minister, Aquad Olmert today of severe failure. Saying that he hastily led the country to the conflict with a lot of comprehensive plan. A close aid settlement with not resign, despite stride and calls for his resignation from coalition partners as well as opponents. A copy that we reported team by the AP said at a severe failure in lack of judgment, responsibility and caution. Well, that's unusual. How have we heard that before? Yeah. All more than for receiving the copy the panels findings said that failures will be remedied. The report is officially being released later today. All more than his defense minister, Amir Perrez, who took office with limited security experience less than two months before the war, already it lost much of their public support because of the conflict. Longest one has below the rose captured two soldiers and killed few others in crossboard arrayed on July 12. We're lying heavily on massive arrest, where strikes were recommended by the military chief Lieutenant General Dan Halutes. Olmert pledged to his people that his real work crushes Bala and forced return to the captured soldiers. Neither girl was accomplished and Halutes has already resigned to the did it. Cabinet Secretary Israel may mone. What kind of a name is that? When you're the Cabinet Secretary and the Israel and your name is Israel? Quantitists said the Prime Minister is not considering resignation. It is right to state as clearly as possible to report this to the people. The few of these failures and mistakes by all the leaders including the Prime Minister, may mone told us real radio. The question is what do we do now? Oh yeah, just like in Iraq, what do we do now? How do we do where do we go? What do we say? All of these are of these things. Five, six, seven, five tell you it was really great hearing from Dick Findberg, doing the Prime Minister. You know what's the lines where just smoking there before Dick Colton started talking about harness racing and that's the deal. And now it's like cheese. I don't want you to feel bad, Dick. I don't want you to feel bad to hear from me anytime, but it's just that they all go running. Just racing away and speaking of racing. Five, six, seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty. I mean there are certain things in South Florida that just you can't sell make, you can't pedal, you can't give them away, you know? And that's one of them. Racing. They'd go race coming up Saturday, can tuck you there be any interest. No. Hall of Ha, any interest. So all the old Jews moved to Boca and then they died and then what happened? Well, speaking of that, don't forget mad dog at the broken sound too. In Boca. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes sir. I want to talk to Neil please. Speaking please. Neil, we own here. Sounds like us, you know. I wanted to know what was, but he thought was a bigger claim to fame. He was a floppy second swan journey popping. Ranjermi by the way is now taking bit parts and grades the porn on movies. He's taking bit, thankfully not sexual ones. He weighs about 700 pounds. He makes outgoals seem to look like mini mouse at else fat as days. I just thought I mentioned it in piss. That's the room around town. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound, five, sixty. I'd tell you one thing. Another one did the phone kind of, oh there we got a little chunk, 11, 74. So you better stop me from getting panicky. You know how I have a tendency to get panicky over the other side. That's right. Like, oh, you know me and I'm getting this age. I could have a stroke or like a massive heart attack here and Croaking the chair. What would you do then? Play a lot of music I reckon. You and that damn music. QAM, hello. Hey, don't you? Okay sir. Glad you had a big fine burger guys. No while to spend having gotten. Yeah, been a long time before we kicked your ass out of Pomp and O'Parf. WQAM, hello. Hey, now generate closing protection. WQAM, O'la. Hello. Uh-huh. Hello, the help? Yes sir. Um, you know as far as the end of playing the dollars down here, if you look at it, you have across almost pulling teams and you have now the gambling. Uh, you know, what, you know, what is there to do? What is that mean? What is there to do? What is that mean? What would you like to do? What would I like to do? Living soft for all that honest. No, no, no, no, no, no. Is that the question? What would I like to do? No, I'm not the soundiest. I'm the soundiest. What would you like to do? What I would like to do is Brady Quinn. 560560. That keep me busy all day Sunday man. And with any entertainment dollars, I got preferably for free though would be best. 560560. Pomp 560 with my entertainment dollars. Okay. Oh, God. I sure, I wouldn't go to any sporting events. I'll take that. Even though I get them free tickets. And you know, so readily in the enthusiasm that I give those babies away because I don't want to know from it. When I go to a Marlin game again. No. What I go to a dolphin game again, even if Brady Quinn were playing. No way Jose. See a bunch of drugs out there getting in the fist fights and the stands like making their stupid ass comments. See, you think we just get to stupid people around the phone on their show? I have to fight the news to you. Those people around the loose. They're out there. They're there. They're your neighbors. They're across the street. They're down the road. They're driving next to you on the highway right now on I 75 and 595 and I 95. That's right. They're there. They're afraid. That's right. But I go to any more Panther game. No. Talk about an organization that's going south that has made the playoffs since before Wayne Griskey was a baby. God. Old needle nose. WQAM. Hello. Holy jump in. WQAM. Hello. Josef. I'm glad you're here. How are you. Good. Good. We're going to get to Pona. That's a Brady Quinn. If you had a Brady Quinn and Tom Brady, right? They'll probably be an ex to Brady Quinn. Pat Quinn. Pat Quinn. There's going to be an ex to Brady Quinn. The mighty Quinn. Yeah. 560 or what was the amendment. 560 and pound 560 on the. For instance, regular wireless line. Yeah, the dolphins only wish they had Tom Brady. Okay. They would eat each one of them would eat 400 pounds of elephant droppings and crawl on on their hands and knees through the rest of it, 15 miles if they can get Tom Brady. But they won't, and they didn't, and that's it. That's the sad legacy, okay? And you can make all the smart comments you want, all the wise, Cratcho. The fact that a matter is that they just they never learned their lesson. And jaws were dropping. I wasn't only a sense of disbelief in seeing them say, Ted again. That was bad enough. But then in watching the reaction of all the so-called mavens, the experts, they were floored. They were speechless. They were like, ah, that would have, like that. Even George would make sounds like that. What? Come on. And I'm sure you were sitting there gloomy or TV. Gloomy, too. Which? Chew! I don't even know what it was, what happened. The only way I can watch it is because they kept chewing Brady quince, and they were in that, you know, with that very nasty looking blonde girlfriend. It looks like everything we all know that, but boy, she must have something that doesn't meet the eye, you know what I'm saying? Maybe he's got something that doesn't meet the eye. Maybe it is what we anticipate. Let me 178 votes on the poll. I really, I just can't believe it. But it goes to show you see, we're not part of the sports fraternity, and so as a result. We've attracted this audience of heave and non-sports, you know what I'm saying? How pissed off are you that the doll, and that's probably George's fault too. When you think so, Chris? Definitely. Because he's militant about it. How pissed off are you that all fans didn't drag Brady quince? Don't care for 130, 369 percent out of 1181. We need to get over 1,200 by the top of the hour, or we're going to be in big trouble for Chris's 1300, and his trip to Riyadh, all expenses paid. Don't care for 31, not surprise they suck, meaning that often organization, 345, they suck. I'm happy he blows 137. I agree with the, uh, should there choice 133? They like Ted Ginn, Jr. even with his bad foot and his unhealed injury. I'm psychotic 81, and ready to blow my brains out, 56. Isn't that our slogan here on QM? Ready to blow my brains out, Q56. That's it. I don't know, maybe 3. WQA and hello. QA and Ola. 10 deal. Yes sir. It's Brady. I heard you're looking for a good time. Ha ha ha ha. I'm Brady Schwartz. WQA and hello. Yeah I got a question for Neil. Speaking. Don't you think that Brad's hit is better looking than Quinn Brady? No. Where you out, you want to come? You know Tom Cruise. Yeah he's Mo, and you must be too. First of all, I don't think you're the one that I'm play football. Do you think that they play football, Brad, Pitter, Tom Cruise, I don't think so. Tom Cruise played football and had one awful movie. Was that losing it? No that wasn't the one. I would have won before. He played football and the movie. Yes he did. It wasn't losing it. It was either the one just before that or the one after him. Sorry. High school football. Come on you baby. And Tom Cruise is a hunchback by the way. Brad Pitter, all of these got. He's got craters in his piss. Brad Pitter. He's got crater pits. Then shy is finally out. He went too far. Then now it's hard. Thank God, so joy is history. Then shy is finally out. My ears would ring when he would sing. Now he's a little bit misery. I hate it when he would talk in ways. Then play a play fair for the boy. Tom Cruise threw into his truce. So shy is finally out. Pack his bags and his two bags. For fame, all is a father of God. Then shy is finally out. He went too far. Then now it's hard. Thank God, so joy is all for show. Then shy is finally out. His great ears would be boys. Give us no choice. We have the list to know. He's done like a word. If the friend out or look to schluck now. Then work his mind about seems true. Give him a bit fruit so stand and joy is finally out. Pack your gel and go to hell. Then come your very little house. Then shy is finally out. He went too far. Then now it's hard. Then got sent to his old final. Then shy is finally out. It was a flute. How he survived just plain bones. From all of the stiff and not the string share. Then David gets deep on. Then he's in resty-through. He's the resty-through. So say and shy is finally out. He's talentless. This is justice. Say and shy is finally out. There's show. I'm having a little witty here for lunch. Yeah. See all those bits that I've played about saying, giant, a lot of other shows. I'm leaving a hole in. These people are. You're a great one. All that you know, if not for those entertainment shows, I wouldn't either. You mean you wash those entertainment shows? I don't. Other people do. Uh-oh. Not in your household. In the house where I live, where my children play with their toys. There's an ongoing campaign to drive me nuts by putting Nancy Grace on the TV. I wish that those entertainment shows were the worst thing that I have to endure. How come we're stuck on 1192 here? Chris, we have 11 minutes for eight boats. We should be able to do that. Because once we get to dwell under, once you get to 12, then you get to 13. You know what I'm saying? Exactly. I don't know what I'm saying. W-W-A-N-Hello. I-A-A. Yeah. For real. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if you can turn in. You know what I meant. Okay. Huh? Or did I meet myself because I'm nervous? Because they're stupid. Because they're stupid, they human public never are seas of children made me. So you must know Sally. I don't have a big daygie Mc embassy! Hey! Okay, you too. Yeah. Hmmm. Let me finish my lunch and no calls on the board. I think Dick Fimer's sidetrack is I think somebody paid him off He's a great guy really is he just talked to him about a lot of stuff that I care about the deal He doesn't see he doesn't understand that You know, I mean he misses me so much then rather than call me at home, which he has my I maybe doesn't have that number I don't know Rather than do that he calls me on the air we talk about all this Donna Bobbs and Rochester and about Max Robinson and Buffalo Raceway and all that stuff which is very interesting to me But it's like a private conversation you know, I mean if you like it I was talking to my bookie while I was supposed to be doing a show What do you like her mom right protecting your girlfriend Protecting my girlfriend texting oh texting my girlfriend And who's that your girlfriend no who is doing that oh Chris Chris is texting his girlfriend Okay, sure during the show we got 1197 by the way You actually have a girlfriend huh what is she like on the Helen Keller school or what what? You have a girlfriend this is new to me how long you've been going with her seems to me too Okay, come on. Let's let's bubble things. What's the story here? Obviously I'm being ahead who's having me? Ready, can't be anybody I would I hear that that's what you are wrong with that's what you think you I am No, yes, sir Hey, how you doing I just came back from the outer reaches of Rukta Yeah, and Usually they gouge the crap out of me because my negotiating is still So thanks, but there's still 10 times from there than anybody here and just want to report this I have to return to the set pool, but I gotta make some money, but It's always great to be to hello away from this place. Okay, what you sound so uplifting on move right on Q. I am hello sound suicidal Q. I am Hey Neil. Yeah, let yours have dinner with dear dear dear dear dear WQ. I am hello Can you get my some good George? That's just two my him. Hello. Yeah You in the ratings you can be with FM as well. Of course Well, yeah, that's what I say oh Right, I don't know if you've been listening I'm from Stereo having but sometimes the way before you come on I listen upon Ron and I don't it's not locked but I Have it yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay. You've stopped on that works, Charlie See he's one goes to pull him on people And when you're on for 15 hours a day, I said you know does make any difference with the average of the works of phone It works from 100 votes on a nose all right. I'll answer it. We're going for 13 I thought it was a moment as moment. I might actually get some Swiss cheese now if I have any left That's not craft you'd be very pleased to know them It's not craft Nobody who I am hello Oh, yes, sir Listen on this often situation my first little opinion is that Hising it has no qualms about providing a third rate football team product for predominantly third world audience It's just like a working class person in this state voting Republican On Okay, WDQ am hello Yes, I like to know if you're going to be setting rich show retirement gift Yeah Ha ha ha ha All right WDQ am hello Neil. I'm going to send to my best wishes. Yes Hey, I just got to I just came from a doctor office so I'm not being able to listen to you Everybody says it's not even the spot the spinal report on Jim I'm going to kiss you in the mouth Man dish no and his his behavior on Saturday What do you mean his behavior what does that mean well As many quick and dropping down the down the from number three number four and all the students get down the hi-bye Yeah He put on that note of the in captain about I know he's hard, but I'm going to put that note of the in cap And if we're gonna make new rages adulting fan again Yeah, sure Know you like Brady Queen Boy he was all ladder up He was he was I've read the lady he could have read I'm not adding up pretty quick, but that's beside the fine You already had a couple of quince in your time anyway So you have time a body wash man. I got plenty of body wash no no sweat. I got bottle after bottle That's to cover him 100 times a Brady Anyway, hey, he'll like it in Cleveland man's right down the road. I can be there an hour and a half WQAM hello Who all dang WQAM hello QAM hello Yeah, yeah I just wanted to say that the band it's got a steak house down in the upper keys is called Ziggy And when are we gonna make an honest man on a George and have some immigration reform? I think become an American citizen already forgot to say When are you gonna mind your own business? Did this yeah, business lucky business. That's only business you don't monkey business talking crap talking through your Brack dome hole Co 5 I have no idea what you're talking about you made it okay, and they saw almost 12. I think he said I just great with I like to shave my legs arms and thoughts Wireless things as an ill ROGer's wanted to ours In person that i'm jumping that's all I'm gonna say Because you have a bad face You're a little bit slow Where does like you make this Don't know what show Brandy has a bad stare So I'm attached to rope face It's all remind you The drive ball and the drink You have a bad face The camera no light You're under free show Call the fair again I don't get half a bad face Oh You have a bad face 102 at 560WQA And 1218 on the pool And I'm eating Swiss cheese World Go for fame And it's not craft Medium and say, oh that's not a heavy brand I'm making a crack for you I'm eating with the line Not that foul craft product I don't know what is not Swiss cheese slices from the ceiling So line a sweet cheese limited Shomberg Ontario Me Alright, like move Shomberg And under where it says cheese slices It says conchese day from ice Okay, tranches slices Or a from ice You know more French than that is What? I don't know any French I know about ten I don't know how to call them a pig Lapsundi my dog Probably a good one I don't know about z Comment that a who they make me stick Yeah WQA and hello I have video Yes sir Yeah, I want to touch a couple of reports For one I was down in Cannell for the bush protest I've done it for that But anyway As wise as a writer I was with the QA in my radio And Jim Manich I mean he was getting so excited He's not the way to pan Yeah I mean he even Or a Nordine baseball cast That's what the guy just got through seeing Supplement me for the break right Well anyway No dog No dog The dog was in pretty Quinn Anyway Can Cameron and dolphins they worked out Where do you quit? Quite a step before the draft And I mean he probably knew him better than any other quarterback What would mean they worked him out? Well hopefully I mean like they're having him I like to work him out Yeah But you know I mean both of you know they had him do like that in drills Whatever I mean quite a bit they probably knew him better than any of them And it felt team Yeah So if they're I mean so if there's any reason You know if they knew any reason Not to draft no break plan and they would have known it Plus Also There's an old saying Life and it applied to the dolphins perfectly And what it is If you can't if you can't be good at least be consistent Hmm Twelve out of twenty one boats I love all these people that are rationalizing their buying you know The organization is pedaling a solid dance And we worked them and we did that and we drilled them Yeah, how about they drilled them? I bet they'd like to drill them And work them I work them I work them Yeah It's just I mean it's just it's just mind-boggling It's just mind-blowing And it goes to show you that you know if you pedal the right BS there are people who are going to buy it That's all so I can tell you Twelve twenty one I think Chris is safe from the your chopping block I told him I said I think Well get him to the nine of show long enough Not to count your chicken before they lay a big one Oh of course Now what was that last guy saying about mad dog? The man dog is going to be on a two to apologize for his ever in behavior What was it that the guy said before the break something about his um His busy work His busy work? His busy in ad dogs behave you're uncellary Well everybody knew it was gonna be Brady Quinn Everybody was counting a one through eight and a new one You know and then the dolphins had the golden opportunity It would be like if somebody came along and drilled and had a bag full of money A million dollars in small bills and laid it near a lamp right now He said oh, I don't want this I'd rather have a fifty cent piece Fifty cents Fifty cents Fifty cents Now what would you take? The million dollars in small bills with a fee cent Of course you take the fifty cents WQAN's long. What do you think about that's why he's jam? WQAN, hello. Right from the balance. QAN, hello. I haven't heard you come at any emails from Rajay. Rajay? I'm proud of for Jay. Who is it? OJ? What about the surps? Yeah, what about him? You probably want his phone number. I was at New York, and I was at the finance service in Stagon. I shouldn't be wasting my time here. 560 and 560 are you closet queens? Who you can do? You're fairies. 560 and Verizon, say it or why it was lying. 1223 and we're pushing for 1,300 votes. I realize it's only a Monday. And I realize it's after Eastern and Paceoff. You don't understand that. That after Eastern and Paceoff was not for the puts up of big sentences. Closed to the season, whenever the season starts. Sees used to start after your Thanksgiving. Now it starts maybe around Christmas, right? Right. Maybe. WQAN, hello. Hello, squint off. Yeah. Hello, hello. Yeah. I'm on speaker. Okay, you're on drugs. WQAN, hello. Whoa, Eric, come around. Oh, yeah. The ghost of America, where we turned to the doll, dolphin-grab scene. I love it. But they trust, they trust the organization, man. They know what they're doing. And if anybody, you know, what is it? 5 years ago, they have made a playoffs. Chris? The dolphins of a panders. Or both dolphins? The panders? I think they dolly monster at least. Scott Melambi was a baby. Are you crazy? What? Do the panders of, I mean, the dolphins about six years now? 5. Is it just 5? Spence a long. WQAN, hello. I'm not quite familiar with this character. WQAN, hello. QAN. WQAN. I think it's having nice day. Oh, I'm back to you. WQAN, hello. Hey, how are you doing? Okay. I'm talking to you. Speaking. This is a meal. Sir, let me ask you this. How much money you've got in your life? How much money do you have? Oh, it is not going to be all my money. I'm just a 10-say guy from the back of your head. Oh, God. Yeah. How are you doing Neil? It's just 29 years for you. 29 years of what? 29 years on the radio. 31. Oh, my gosh. My little stuff. And I got a question for you. I don't know if I should bring it up. But, you know, you know that same as senior Stevie Wonder? Yeah, it's going to be a bad taste. Don't bring it up. WQAN, hello. Hey, Neil, are you doing? Okay. This was I'ma, I'ma, playing about a job. WQAN, hello. Hey, Neil, you know, it's not taking quaint with D like to get the best going in the league. You got rid of them. Oh, we got it. Oh, now the pants is not the pants is. Oh, bye. I'm going to take care of my money. The pants are in a, see they can lig get away with it. In fact, I guess they can all get away with it because the so-called fans, there aren't any real sports fans in South Florida. I mean, maybe a handful, you know, a small handful. Maybe when they got the calipers out, maybe that's was a description for Brady Quinn, a small handful. Maybe just didn't measure up here. They got to be a, could be. Maybe when he was at that combine, you know, they did all the measurements and even measured it. Let's jump in doing the henshinies. Yeah, I should have pinched a little. Ha ha ha. Oh, man, how's sad? 231s. That's the reason they're not saying too much. You know, they're down on the dumps. We've done it again. We've done it again. They know. I might even sit around here listening to what, um, well, I'm just kind of curious. So what happened afterward on our air, you know what I mean? After they picked the mighty gin or, I'm not, I'm not talking to you. I'm talking to Chris. Okay. I'm not texting Chris. What were our people saying at that point? About what they meant to? How many past Quinn? Yeah. They were like surprised and shocked and then at he kept falling in the draft. They said, well, maybe there's something we'd dress with. Don't know about them. Yeah. The something was, and if you watched it on the ESPN, and they made it clear that the other teams didn't even go quarterback. They all had gotten it. Well, that's not true. Because it was about five of the teams I've passed on until he was finally a pick that could use a quarterback. You mean like Jacksonville, for example? Jacksonville Detroit, maybe the right time to mimic. Maybe. Minnesota. Minnesota isn't that where he's called Peppers came from? Yeah, he came from. Yeah. Now we go back. WQAM Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, Colin Neil. Speaking. Neil, how are you, man? Great, man. Never cause you before, but a long, long time list of lists. And I don't really give her a recipe behind a foul. Who did draft it now? And they're money. Hmm. He's not going to change my life, and he's still going to get up in a woman and go to work. That's right. Good point. Put on your pantaloo leaves and shave and do the whole routine. That's right. Well, maybe I don't wear no pantaloo anymore. Wow, hope so. Alright, and you thanking me, oh, you have a great day. Okay, you have a wonderful life. Hmm. WQAM Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I just wanted to tell you, I have a pack about lunch today. You bought? What do you say here? What? Well lunch today. Oh, I'm going to have lunch right now. A little swish cheese, little spiced. And it's made in the Ontario, no. Show them burgonterior limited. And I'm sure that they are. WQAM Hello. Well, Sammy Smith. Oh, speaking of Ryan and Paul, I released a long time. They are taking about a 10 minute break. I heard that radio. I had a radio. I had a radio. I had a radio. I had a radio. I had a radio. Today. Sammy Smith went home all the way. We knew that one never knew how to play. I can't believe what happened yesterday. Oh my God. Yesterday. Who play off the scene so far away. Who? Thank you, Sammy. Now, there is no way. Oh, yes, today is so, oh, yeah. Why you? Try and find more when you're there. Oh, go away. Sammy, so, now I love you, Brian. So, the same. Yes, sir. Robert is said, well, maybe I've read a quiz a little bit too clean cut for the organization. They like that gangster attitude that hold you. It's often a long, long list. How about to meet you as underwood? Do you think we can get him back? He was a cut above the rest. Remember to meet you as underwood as you either got to try to slice his neck? Huh? Yes, it did something. I remember that's what I was looking at. He did something. He did something. A little something. 130 votes on a pool. We got let's see 40 minutes. So, we need 62 votes. That should be easy. I'll be in over now. We go. I'm telling you, Moses was the wisest man. How are you, my sugar? Abraham was the wisest. How when you moved? I say Abraham. Tell him to change him. That was worse. Oh, man, that was worse. After a hard day arguing religious law, these thirsty scholars came for their favor. It's real light, dear. He's real light. Small, there's a lot of screenchiefs. And it tastes great. But last a feeling. Tastes great. Yes, a feeling. Don't be a shemely. He's real light. The beer, chosen by the chosen people. When he came, you know, something just dawned on me. He was on my mind and market down and repeated back to me in future years when I'm 100 years old. I'm pretty slow. Is that what you want me to write down? Yeah. I can be really slow. And you want to talk about it? No. Now, even you being the non-sports and certainly the non-hockey person that you are, you've heard me lamented the fact that way, way back, it's got to be like nine years ago. We were down there on the second floor and that makes you have to make beliefs to you. Yeah. And I just come back from Europe. And I'd write in USA today and in the International Edition, the Panthers traded for Pavel Burre. Oh, probably we are one of the most exciting players I've ever played again. I thought, man, all man that's exciting and the town is going to be all whipped up. And it was like I came back and nobody even knew who that was, much less cared. Right. I do remember that. And I said, that's because it's not a hockey town. No. It's not because it's not a hockey town. It's not. No. It's because it is what it is. In fact, can I sell up South Florida? No, seriously. You know, one or four letter word that we can actually say on the year? Yeah. Well, well. Yeah. That's it. And so now, if you want to be well gee, everybody in the media was just psychotic over what happened on Saturday. I mean, first we get the draft this big build up and then man dog is going through the thing with those to Notre Dame outfit and his cap and all this stuff. And it's like nothing. Nothing. You know what I mean? We'll be like if you had a sexual experience, but nothing happened. It was like, uh, yeah, just like that. Which just happened. Nothing. So it's like, yeah, nothing happened. Not talking about you. I mean, you're, you're just a hard ass, you know. You're just a hard ass little spick. We're just kind of soft ass. You just play the American mindless game of giving me the ball, giving me the ball, giving me the ball. Okay. Well, I'll play it. I just don't want to watch other people do it. Yeah. But they, I see you play in football. That'll be a cold air. Yeah. Okay. Have you? Yeah. Me too in high school. First of all, Jews don't have to have a big skin. My hands are too small. I can't get a good grip on it, you know. Man, do I love a good brought version? I'm sure you've never had that problem. WDQA and hello. No. 2A and oh. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just want to tell you about, uh, that's strength and shot. That's my impression. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. Ha ha. Him and his word friends are, they're having a party. Right. As what he said. And he's in the middle. 560, 560 pound, 560 and they were rising singular. Wireless line. WQA and hello. Yes, sir. As a black man, that still the draft was very, very bad. I love the great queen. Mm-hmm. That's right. That's getting Junior. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. With a bad accent. QA and hello. Hey yeah. Hi my song. How do you QA and hello? Hello, I am. Yes sir. Hey Neil. Yeah, for someone who supposedly doesn't care about sports, you're talking a lot about the dolphins and the grass. Yeah, well that's that's what's going on right now. Schmuck, that's why. No, why are you being a hypocrite? A hypocrite huh? Yeah. You look at the word okay you don't even know what I mean. You would know him. I have awkwardies if it came in stuck his foot up your ass. Maybe you would maybe it wouldn't be the first time. 447 votes on the pool. Why being a hypocrite? Guess watch, Schmuck. I'll talk about whatever you want to talk about. How do you like that? Oh no. Oh yes. WQA and hello. The new, healthy yourself is dead. Oh yeah, hello. Yeah, let me talk to Neil. Speaking. Neil. Yeah. I'm wearing my costume too. Someone who's who I am, hello. Wanna play shadow? 567. I'm going to go back to my pool. I want a pile. Not my pool. 1250 by the way, not a pool. Chris. Come on. 38 minutes for 50 votes. Should be able to do that, Jimmy. Chris. Yeah. Is he eating or something like that? That is texting his girlfriend. He's texting his girlfriend again. I think he's texting his boyfriend. I'm not you. You said you didn't have a girlfriend. Who are you texting? Who are you sending evil texts? I'm not texting anybody. Don't have your mouth. I play it off. They're not. Deputy Secretary of State Randall El Tobias. So, minute is resignation Friday. After confirming the way we see news, he had been a customer of a Washington DC escorted service. Oh my God. Who's older has been charged by federal prosecutors with running a prostitution operation on a prostitute. Tobias 65 director of US-48 assistants and administrative of the US agency for international development of previously service and ambassador for the president's emergency fund for AIDS relief. A state department press released late Friday afternoon sitting was only leaving for personal reasons. On Thursday, Tobias told ABC News. He had several times called the Pamela Martin and Associates Escort Service to have gals come over to the condo and give me a massage. Tobias, who is married, said there had been no sex and then recently he had been using another service with Central Americans to provide massages. I never had any massage from any Central American to you. No. Tobias's private cell number was among thousands of members listed in the telephone Americans provided way we see news by Jean Palfrey that will end up the DC madam who is facing federal charges. In the interview we broadcast next Friday on 2020, or is that Patee 20? Palfrey says she intends to call the bias and member of the Department of DC clients to testify at her trial. I'm sure it's not going to be going to federal prison for one day, little on four days because I'm shy about bringing in the deputy secretary of whatever she told ABC News. Palfrey maintained she ran a sexual fantasy business that was legal and if any of the women for her had sexed, they did so in violation of her rules and without her knowledge. She says there are a number of other prominent Washington DC men who will be on her witness list. I will bring every last one of them in a necessary, Palfrey said. As the Bush administration so-called AIDS ZAR, Tobias was criticized by some for emphasizing faithfulness and abstinence over condoms to present the a to prevent the spread of AIDS. In a 2004 interview, Tobias explained his approaches A and B and C. Ifston at works, the faithful works, condoms work, they all have a role he said, but it's not multiple choice, well, there's only one answer. As the top official overseeing globally, it's funding to other countries to bias was responsible for enforcing US policy and act of hearing the Bush administration that requires recipients to swear they oppose prostitution and sex trafficking. Now, I'm not their hypocrite. There's that word hypocrite again. I'd like that. Only in this case it happens to be a absolute correct answer. I'd like that. Prof. T. 7 on the poll we need 43 votes and 35 minutes man, it's going to be nipping talk down to the wire, just like Mississippi and Alabama. Just like in that house raised nipping talk. And what does that mean nipping talk? You know what that means? Not really. I mean, we know what it means, but where did that come from? Kind of stupid. Lot to waste out there, email. What is it? I said, well, I'll have to wait for another email like we got all those, though. I mean, you guys make them so much more of them. And the people I call in, they just like them like that they run the weed and they're high and they're... I mean it's terrible. But me is it up and look at listening to 610. And others. And I see it. This here, yes, excuse me. Jim Manage, I fucking am out, I swear. Mr. Mouse. What the hell are you doing today? What do you mean, sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? Well, sir, we're just scouting locations. Jim, he says I'm scouting CEOs. You are killing me. But sir, look what we've done with New York City Times Square. Point out, I can speak. Hang on. Bring it. Bring it. Bring it. Throw off the blackmail plan and rain us. Get the bluebird out of here. Okay, boss. I swear. But sir, look what we've done with Midtown Manhattan. 42nd Street is incredible. And I want publicly, I support it that. But you took all the point away. You're killing me. I'm going through Gamma Scott, like kids. We're just scouting areas calm down. I don't want any butt munch. Don't tell me to calm down. We've got lucky with Leelo in state. 128 million dollars. No, you're trying to ruin the whole network. We're kind of programming on you running. Hang on a minute. The three new governments. Yeah, but Scott Bluebird crap all over your shoulder. It's way in your cell phone for heaven's sake. And hang on the bottom, please. Look at him, brother. Good. God, sir, the network is fine. You're not going to come up with American Idol. Good God, you're still running James Bob moving. They're 60 years old. Why don't you just put steam, but really, I ought to be done with it. Please, though, make a couple of damn dollars. Well, the movie division's fine. You mentioned Leelo in state. You know, we have the new M.A. Chummer on movie coming. All eight of the summer. Oh, I got signs. What the hell does that mean? Stop sign, Neil. It's fine. You're going to start swinging some of these titles past me. Please. Reem. Reem. Reem. It's. It's. I know you can hear me. Reem. You're still running the parking plan. Here's a lot more to run to the gate. Get on here. Reem. Take that blue bear's with us. All right. I, sir. Yes, sir. I'd be very careful. The next time I started my car, find where you. What do you mean? I've got done with you. What? That? Sir. Not the hand of stone in your job. But, sir, I'm here. Can I borrow a toy? They're all poor. Reem is in there. I don't want to be president of Disney Reem. I'm a. What a wonderful day. Get on here. You're not back. Which reminds me to ask you this. A very important question. What's the difference between a blue bird and a blue j. There is. Actually, but I don't even want to blue bird is. I mean, I've seen blue j's in my backyard. They're different breed. Cardinals. I've seen Cardinals. Yankees. Right. Dodgers. Likewise, there are black birds. And then there are crows. And ravens. And things. Birds with that are black. We need 43 and 27 minutes. This could be a little problem at all. Chris. Well, though, in. 12, 12, 60's. And we need 33 votes and 27 minutes. We should be able to do that. And by the way, thanks to Bob and kick. Can ever who sends a thanks to remind me. You know what today is? It's April 30. It's. I'm. Never did you know that ahead of time. No, not absolutely not. I know it because I've been there on Queens Day. You know what? You don't want to be there in Netherlands. And Holland. It's Queens Day. They actually have a Queen. Well, I got many Queens. But they've got Queen Beatrix. It's like the titular Queen of the country. Can I say that? But where did you say? titular. And anyway, cheese of the Queen. And every April 30th, all these. Every business is closed down. Kids are out of school. And all these people coming from all over the country. They coming on the train and on the plane and all over the place. And it is so jam packed. Anybody who ever wants to go to Amsterdam. Don't go on April 30th. Make sure that's not one of the days you're going to be there. I mean, you know, if you want to be in the middle of a living people that's fine, but you can't even walk. You're only good part about that is you go out and you pretend you're like you're squirming through the crowd. You see somebody really interesting. Oh, excuse me. You like, you know, you're a little field. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? I'm saying if you're a perfect, you know how to do it. But it's just not a non-added day to be there. So I want you to mark that down when you go to Amsterdam. All right. Make sure it's not April 30th. Nobody QA in hello. Thank you. I want to ask you questions. If you can explain to me why I'm having immigration from a flywack. Come. Yeah. Ah. Ah. Welcome. Too much influx, maybe that's the problem. Too much influx. How we spun in that? 560, 560, pound 560 in the Verizon singer. Well, how many was that for him today? About 30 men. At least. WQA in hello. QA in. How's this now? Yeah. Yeah. I was in the August today and I was in the last guy where the 40 seconds beat 30 was. It was. Yeah. WQA in hello. Painial. Yes. How are you doing? Good. I just wanted to thank the dolphins for ruining my sex life for the next 12 to 15 years. Because I was going to drag my wife to every dolphin practice. So she can watch Bernie Quinn. It didn't bring her home and read the benefits. But because of him, it's unbelievable. Yeah. Now I guess you have to be too. Pretty sad commentary when you have to get your wife all worked up about somebody else, isn't it? Huh? Huh? Yeah. Pretty sad. At least he's honest though. He's a loser. From 74 and that business is about going to take her to practice. I have practice makes perfect. You're all in your case. I think it's beyond hope. 26 more votes in 24 minutes. That's like barely more than one a minute. Chris. Neil. Well, he's really, what's his story today? Is he like choking on his own? No, this is all him. I even told him. What am I? You're really interesting. You're reading a numbers. What am I supposed to say to every time? I'm not telling you we're going to come up with. You're going to come up with. You're going to be out. You know, you know, back and forth. Get as excited as you do when the food shows up. Yeah, that's right. I'm not going to bring it in here. Get in here. Yeah. Like you do when the food shows up, Mr. Hot Christ here. Come on. You can do it. Just relax. Okay. No problem. And then keep in mind, Wednesday right here at 1230. Okay. I can. Then you'll be animated. WQA and hello. Neil. Yeah, I'm a question for it. I never used to go along as big as quite a bit. And one of a sudden, basically, you just stop. Yes. Was there a specific incident that caused you to stop going there? Or you just cut tired of it. Yeah. Because I've got four or five times a year. And that's just the other. Four or five times a year. Yeah. For what? Well, we got, I don't get one in the day time. I'm only getting with night. But we're going to have to make metal trunks to go skiing or go down and like, We've got a lot of skiing in the next day. But I don't know. You think what I, I ski or I water ski, do you think I do those things? No, but because there was other things that I would soon. Like, there's a, where it says, Shock, the shark exhibit, that is, I'm just assuming these are the shark exhibit. I mean, it's an underwear exhibit that I'm at. Like, uh, I mean, there's other things besides just the gambling. There's shows which terrific. Let me put it this way. There's great food here. There's all a gambling I could ever handle. It would buy in a Niagara Falls. It will falls you. I don't need to shut up all the way out there in the middle of the visit. I've been there a hundred times. I encrode it. I like it. But that's it. You know, everything runs its course. Okay. That's good. Okay. Good luck. What's wrong? You don't want to come to Vegas. Yeah. I don't want any part of it. Yeah. It's a place that everybody should go at least once in a lifetime when you agree with that. Both of you is absolutely. I love Vegas. You know, you're so full of crap. You love Vegas. You bite you. And they're twice. I want to go back more off the. Well, yeah, twice. Okay. I'm sure that after I was there only twice, I said, oh, I say that all the time. I did go back a lot. And let me say it again. I'm not interested in the shark swimming underwater. I'm not interested in the buffet is to go and pick out which I don't need. And, uh, yeah. So they got two with Chris State Cowses there. That's what they got a good one here too. You know, I really like Vegas. What's that? What I'm in in Atlantic City. The Atlantic City blows. That's why you're like very exactly. But that would be like my sin. I like Vegas when I'm at Woodbine. You know, to same thing, man, same machines, man, same game, man, same deal. Luz, what is L YA? Luz your ass. That's what it's all about. Luz your ass. And if I'm on a lose my ass, I can get in the cash. And 20, 25 minutes away. I'm right there. It would buy him beautiful racetrack with a very nice racing Oman, 70, 100 machines and free food and free aggravation. And whatever you want, a lot of smelly people. Why do I need to go all the way to Vegas? I will say this because the MGM, which I love in Vegas, you go to the MGM. There's a living and breathing crowd in there. There's like, you know, people under the age of 100. Guys are always giving me this crap. All the old people play the slots. About Lonnie, man. Belloni, like that guy says. Belloni. Where's that red bit? Do we have one where he says, Bob? Bill LINE. I think so. Or sound like. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. Billoni. If you guys made us look bad, we all said the wrong crap. You know, like that. So not only do they think that the dolphins made a bad choice, they also felt that they made them look bad, probably on purpose. You can Cameron, my ass. How about WARING K gne Del senators? Can't talk Israeli right? Dusk men up for watching. Yes. Jun Americas may rip this sidleatory call. Bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb where I stored nuts and many other things, I put my wallet car keys and I'm wristwatching, and I praise the A-hole, it pains messages clear, if you listen carefully to the voices inside his cheeks, not only those when we're getting on a get-in, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine , they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, their fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, they're fine, page on our website yeah on our private page it stopped oh no and I just be first and it started up again oh thank God for that Eric 1-47 I want to make sure we're like right on time I want to make sure that we're in sync you know I mean yeah probably one of the fully only nine votes in 13 minutes even Chris knows that we can do that even a slacker like Chris I guess I'm gonna stop worrying about it now I'm not where I listen I'm as worried about the pull result is I'm about whether the dolphins reacted pretty quick okay because the honest goodness truth is even though I was shocked in a maze I couldn't give a fine lead party like that okay I'm on the scale of personal important things you know I mean though it was my personal priorities but the NFL draft and whom was drafted by the dolphins or not would rather I couldn't care less I didn't joy look at him sitting there for a long time and I also enjoyed the fact that he had that very marginal looking blonde girlfriend because I'm one of those pervert who believes that when you are an athlete you know a super-jock like Brady Quinn's been in college and you look like he does you can probably consult with whom ever you choose I imagine or my husband in Indiana I beg your pardon's been in Indiana you know there might not be that great you know looking girls up there in the Midwest yeah what are you talking about I've never been to the name Indiana so you know there is no no-to-demandian how about soft-bent-up man whatever you know no-to-demandian oh my god pop-head what's his name take on no problem I need to I bet you we're gonna get the 13 and we're before we've been to the last break let's see 25 see that plus tax they love them a time-usking rational Democrat is raised a Notre Dame Indiana oh brother a top-us congressional Democrat is raised a possibility of George Bush's impeachment and a bid-to-force the president who accepted compromise that would place conditions on continued US military involvement in Iraq representative John Murth who cheers the House of Committee on Defense and is close to House of Grenanese Pelosi made the comment yesterday response to repeated threats by the president to veto legislation that caused for withdrawal of yours troops from Iraq by the next march there are three or four ways to influence a president Murth is said on A.B. S.C.B.S. his face donation one is popular opinion the election third is impeachment and fourth is the purse I didn't know the president had a purse I know the queen has that's a little purse he carries everywhere you know the queen yeah you know the queen the so-and specifically of Democrats and not control the Congress were seriously contemplating impeachment option the Congressman responded what I'm saying there are four ways to influence a president and what that means impeachment impeachment threat is being dangle this the White House and Congressional Democrats face a new showdown of Iraq policy and coming weeks is it five years that we're dangled just like they were dangling these the the prospect of Brady Quinn being drafted by the they were dangling I wonder Brady was dangling I sure would have been like to have been there to see that anyway probably five on a poll let's take a look at the result showing all that a big chunk of skimming and Chris is safe again for you sure live you're like the uh... the cat with eighty five lives okay it's not eighty five lives maybe it's the idea that thirteen hundred even you're ready you can even handle that sure you are such a part of just it's you know how pissed off are you the dolphins didn't drive ready quinneter per question that you think that on the sports you know they do pulls on the a qm website no why not that's our good buddy Josh courtist and charge of that why trying to give Josh more work than he has but when you wouldn't you think of this day she was going to be doing a poll about a sports issue like that it belongs on their when you wouldn't you think that well another the morning show would do one on their own like page of the home page is something but as a regular one nothing anybody else does one but i'm talking about it a a propitious moment like now and everybody all the sports nerds are whipped up and we're friends and you either either relieved or pissed off or psychotic or something you know i'll tell Josh you better get one after before i share the how pissed off are you that i'm sure he's gonna pay attention to you i'm sure he takes orders marching orders from you didn't drive ready to tell him from you don't yet tell him it's coming from me and that he hasn't cashed that check yet i can stop payment how come he hasn't cashed it by the way sure i hope that dog is okay i'm sure why he's going to the doctor today so i'm sure he's who Josh of the dog yes don't care about ready quinnin but often for 74 36 and that percent that's our crowd you know you're our crowd not a bonus with cheese not surprised they suck meaning the dolphin organization three hundred seventy four they suck i'm happy he blows hundred fifty five poor braiding he looks so lowly and so disfondent so unloved sitting there with a pasty blonde i agree with their choice on forty seven who the hell wants him anyhow fighting our rich my ass from no-to-day mandiana i've actually been a self-man how do you like that and you know what what you missing nothing uh... psychotic i'm psychotic about a ninety and ready to blow my brains out sixty one will do a lot of stop it out of thirteen o'clock it's kind of great okay i was gonna be pretty interesting here what the mr. mad dog has to say after going through all that self-degradation with a no-to-day camp and the no-to-day my god only knows what else he was doing there and of course here on the station that we have the dolphin broadcast i'm not suggesting they were gonna kiss their ass or you know suck up or they're like that but you know what not on issue anyway but i have a feeling that the sport shows it uh and the were absolute useless I really didn't better than yours. But we liked about it as type on the bookings and where the dress, my traditions better than yours. But you really didn't better than your religion. But we didn't just bother the rules. We had no respect for the limit. I would have to make a limit by the religion better than yours. And I really didn't better than yours. I really didn't better than yours. I really didn't better than yours. You'll fall however us who can go so we slaughter pigs and dogs and both my religion better than yours. I really didn't better than yours. I really didn't better than yours. Yeah, we will be these empty girls who never ever pay me to my religion better than yours. Please. My religion is better than yours. We not on voice above or you like former brush to steal our new private religion better than yours. But we just better than yours and we religion. My religion is better than yours. We were tied and tied our bikes and catching merry lots of wives by religion better than yours. My religion better than yours. We religion. My religion better than yours. We don't want to use our brains for mindless living over days. My religion better than yours. Bye bye bye.