The music stressed on the previous part of the world that I was, no, no. And you're not reflective of the music broadcast group. It's just advertisers for ages. Just what we need another squeaky voice on here. No! Hey, I was. Hello, Farreys. It's 4-2-5-60. Tell you, she way out. Miami Ford's Florida Day now. I wanted to be very nice to her son. You're so cool. We're helping about high interest rates on loans. So you better leap on over to Eastern Financial, where a home or auto long cost less each month. Because they're not for profit, not for profit each of pay less each month. So, the living day, Brerard or Palm Beach, you can join. Always glad to see you. Thank you for helping Lender. Join today, Eastern Financial Florida Credit Union at youconjoined.com. Tell some small business simplifies your voice data and network experience. Well, you've bestowed nobody can say like sting. Certainly not Jimmy Stewart. Now, you prove it. On this new album, Stewart sings sting. Rocks and... You don't have to... You don't have to... You're just... What do I should show? Yes, you'll get great hits like King of Soup. Message in a bowl of soup. Soup in a material world. And don't stand so close to me as strong. That's Stewart's thing's sting. So good. You want to listen to it with a fork. What you wish? A spoon. Yeah. 10.05.60. WQM Happy Friday February 22. Do you realize that the first trend from the Winter Reading Book doesn't come out till March the 9th? Okay. What the whole time? How much time do you're eating already? I'm great. What do you mean? What do you mean? Yeah, man. Cooper fingers. No, that thing with a group of fingers. Oh, yeah. Somewhere in my pile, I got a story about fingers. Yeah. The only reason that I bothered with this because I was thinking about those stupid group of fingers. How about that jewelry movement is threatening the switch parties over the Iraq? What do I tell you? Or can produce two leave a minute. I mean, he will tell me anybody anyway. I can't find my story about the offenders about how they're now. We are attaching fingers. We grow a hair go. I know it was in my pile somewhere. Science finding ways to regrow fingers. A lot of groupers can read grow a group of fingers. You think? The hope so. As a matter of fact, it's got a picture of a salamander. Huh. Researchers have tried to find ways to regrow fingers and some of the even limbs with tricks that sound like magic spells from a hairy powder novel. There's a guy who sliced off a finger to the group back after a few days. He took a group back after a treat to the wound with an extractive pig bladder. Huh. That's what that means the first thing I would do. And the scientists who grew extra arms on salamanders in the laboratory mice with Irreability healed themselves. You know, this salamander's got like a whole bunch of arms. I don't know how your ordinary, you know, I guess salamanders got four. Four. That was one of the head of a bunch. Bunch of legs. But third man. This summer scientists are planning to see whether the powdered pig extract can help injured soldiers regrow parts of their fingers. Powdered pig. Powdered pig extract. When that sounds delicious, don't tell the Muslims about that or the Orthodox Jews. And a large filial refund. Now, that would be an interesting dilemma, okay? Orthodox Jew or Muslim slices off a finger. Uh huh. They say that we can grow a back for you. No, no. Big extract. What do you say to that? Oh, please. And a large filial refund in private is trying to well lock the secrets of our family. Some animals regrow body parts so well with hopes of applying less as to humans. Oh, I sure hope that that pig extract is halal. You better have like a circle of beef from the circle you ranch and better be kosher at any rate. A sports death that you see Dennis Johnson's dead. Who that is? I got a form of beef. A lot of Christmas. Former self-acquist. Dennis Johnson, a star in B.A. Guard who has part of three championships in team with Larry Burr and the greatest postseason plays died Thursday, collapsing after his developmental teams practice he was 52. Oh, nothing about the, uh, the combine. You guys on the morning sure I'm going to tell you these guys, it's just, it's good that I get to you about a half an hour before a judge comes in every morning because the things that they put on the air just it's beyond belief to me. It's just amazing to me. This morning they were going off on this business about well, the reason that the Tim Hardaway story became so well, since your big deal is because the sport, the writers, the columnist, the people who write this crap, so many of them are of that persuasion. They were like, both camp or meaning gay. Yeah, I didn't know that. That's the accent. Who's the other way? All these gay, uh, journalists and sports writers. So that's why it became a big story because it's their own agenda that they're trying to put it's that gay agenda again. We heard about that. I thought only the fundamentalist lunatics talk such crap. But the sports fundamentalist talks the same garbage. You want to hear some garbage, baby. Be sure to catch the kitty in the morning show because they talk some of the most. See, it's one thing that the caller is calling and they do it and they just sit back and they let him do it. It'll inspire a lot of ignorance. But when they come on the end, the talk such swirl. Don't be thinking about vocan from man. He could pick you up with one finger and squash you like a net. I don't. Anyway, getting back to it, poor Dennis Johnson. He's dead. He was coach of the Austin Toro's was unconscious and cardiac arrest when Permanent survived the Boston Convention Center. Permanent is tried to resuscitate him for 23 minutes before we're taking a hospital and pronounced V. Mera Friedman, a spokesman for this. I guess that's Mera. But it's a very strange spelling. Mera Friedman, a spokesman for the medical San Francisco office, said there would be an off-top C. And the Toro's postpone home games, whatever. He was one of the most underrated players in the history of the game in my opinion. And one of the great cell to cat acquisitions of all time said former Boston team a Danny Ainge, now the Southern Executive Director of basketball operations. Wow. He's dead now, then. So I'm 252. And wait till you're this before we get to the results of yesterday's pool, which you despise like poison. See, it doesn't make any difference because today's pool, which I think is just fine. You liked it, and I thought it was just, you know, we've already got 17.2% hate the pool. So I guess we've got a new deal now with the pool. And that is if it doesn't quite meet their standards, if it isn't quite up to snuff or sniff, it doesn't pass to sniff first. Oh, you hear that? Not sounded too great. But it's pretty much all gone. I hate Ashburyman returning home from a extended vacation in San Francisco, tripped in fellow in a corpse in his bedroom. After finding his apartment at the Ransag police said, I hate what that happens, don't you? A throw in a summer release to name of the resident roar of the victim. And if I don't really use a white male, but I dream that that's as suspicious to its sergeant, Neville Gitton's, or how much he's getting. The resident just come back from a two-ed visit in Humboldt County when he made the grizzly discovery on Monday, this is really sad, just terrible, so Kirsten Fry, who now lived up, who has lived on the block for more than 10 years, it's usually pretty mellow around here, she said. The resident's origin might tabby cats, seeing prowling the investigation scene, was taken away by animal control officials, but was unharmed. That's the important part. I think about the fact he could go for a post. It doesn't really say who the corpse was or what that was all about, maybe that was the person that was like, Ransagging is joint, I don't know. I have no idea. That's the reason that the kind of a story life here a lot more about, and I worry about the tabby cat, the tabby cat. 13, yeah, tabby cat. 13, 13 votes on yesterday's poll, which George despies, whist now defunct game show, should they bring back to TV? Well, we went through on the phone, if you missed the show, you're happy for it. I wish I would've missed it. I mean, I'm going to tell you right now, boys and girls, this business of poll building. I don't want to fall. I don't want to fall. Good. Good. Get a megaphone, go out on the street corner somewhere and shout it out. Give a shout out. The gong show wins our poll about they ought to bring it back to 153. See the problem with bringing back those shows is they don't bring, they never bring back the original hosts. They need to do that. Yeah. He checked there. He's still alive. He's terrible in a few people for the CI, and couldn't probably very well preserve DALTO, and I said, pickled. Yeah, can you imagine what he looks like now? He was always at least that's what he said again. What I said yesterday, and this is just my own personal observation, even celebrity, in fact, the more you would like than the less you want to see them. It would be like my coming back in about 15 years in doing an appearance in South Florida. Oh, there's Neil and we all share what is a collastimate bag and his oxygen tank. Oh man, I remember when he was under 100, you know, like that. Of course you don't get to be doing those personal appearances a lot. No. The gong show 253, now until somebody just said about my wardrobe. I hate this poll yesterday. Look at that. It went down to 16.3% better than today, 2018. Even though you tried to influence them badly on that. Didn't want to for gong show. The newlywed game 137 was the ridiculous Bob U banks. That was a terrible show and they, and most of the contestants pulled it off so poorly. It was so obvious it was contrived at it, you know. I'd match game 133, shouldn't have done better than that. Match game should have been right up there, I agree. When Ben's dies money 62, that's, well, what is that all about? Clare eyes. Is it a Jewish thing or what? It's a game show in the lifetime of the people voting on the poll. Bad show. Oh, let's make a deal 62. Wait a minute, what does this say? Do not reply. This is a reminder you have a, thank you very much. First nice. Let's make a deal 62. The dating game 55 to tell the truth 43, Flots my line 37. Pyramid 36. And of course we did put pyramid on there, which was all encompassing 25,000, $50,000,000 per minute with Bill Colon who didn't move around a lot. 36. Great show. And then they brought it back with Donnie Osman and people said, As much as I like Donnie, he's a good kid, but oh my God. Concentration 35, the Joker's vile 33, Joker, Joker. I mean, he was, there no words to describe how bad Jack Gray was. Now he's dead, I'm pretty sure, isn't he? I'm positive of that. Love connection had, but third man. Chuck Swillie. Name that tune 28. Password 22, Hollywood Square 17, with Peter Marshall. What do you always say on there? Turn around his fear of play. Turn about his fear of play. Something like that. And of course Peter Marshall, whose real name was Pete L'Akak, and his son's name, he's not had the same name. In play baseball for a time. Howl, he was square 17, Cardchars 14, American gladiators 12, Truth or Consequences 12, remote control 11. I don't know what that is. Pressure luck 11. Now what's the difference between pressure luck and whammy? Can anybody explain that to me? Nope. Pressure luck was the original one. I don't change the name to whammy. You don't know either one of them. You don't know either one of them. Whammy. God, it sucks. There you go. You bet your life had 10, Grausio. Thank you to find Burkalded in yesterday. We had to forget all about it. When losing draw eight, who do we decide was the coast of that? The coast of the coast I forgot. Burkalded? Yeah. Was it Burkalded? Yes. And then Vicki Lawrence later on. After he croaked, after he had a brain hemorrhage and he died. Sail of the Century eight would Joe Dodge Yola. Yeah that's Jack. Get that jack. Oh my god. He needed oil change. Joe Dodge Yola. Tick tacked those seven supermarkets we've six double there six. I still know what that is. Vita clock five. Vita clock five. 64,000 dollar question. Find me. And find that was with Hound March. 21 for that was also Jack Burry. And the famous contestants Charlie Van Dorn and L. Free to Von Norddruff. And then come to find out it was a fixed Joe. That was the one they made the movie about right? What was it in that movie? I never saw that. It was all right. Quish. Yeah. It was all right. Maybe I'll get that. It was all right. It wasn't gangbusters, but it was interesting. Especially if you didn't live through it like some of us did know. High rollers three and that was with Alex Trebek. Who do you trust to Johnny Carson? Tannel Thales to with Burkalded. He died of a brain hemorrhage. Treasure hunt one with Jan Murray. Panama and quiz one. The sixty four thousand dollar challenge would sunny fox not the one from the radio one. And when losing draw was under again for some reason. This time we didn't get any votes. It did find the first time with eight, but this time and couch potatoes had the big. Oh, man. That was fine. That was not what I thought about it. They just like how to congenital by the way they behave or how unusual is that. I got a good story here about plastic go neds. 800. 800 votes has a days pool which they don't like for you much, but they're still voting on. All the fairies. They all go into like this two-hole and they start off. That's what Friday you best is. I want a very nice to win soon. I got 20 years for a whole acting judge. I'm a smoker. We've got to come and throw you, get watchin' on your feet. She's not a girl, not get a woman, so cabin' keep them through and fit me. You'll be sheath, not bad, it's much. You're a little bit more. You're a little bit more. You're a little bit more. You're a little bit more. You're a little bit more. You're a little bit more. You're a little bit more. You're a little bit more. You're a little bit more. You're a little bit more. You're a little bit more. You're a little bit more. You're a little bit more. You're a little bit more. You're a little bit more. You're a little bit more. You're a little bit more. You're a little bit more. You're a little bit more. You're a little bit more. You're a little bit more. You're a little bit more. You're a little bit more. You're a little bit more. You're a little bit more. Oh we got one. Uh, what a thought. Ten 18 in five fifty W cubed 2AM. Didn't put that in 2 a.m. Hello. Neil, yes sir. I got a dumb question for you. question for you. Are you still up in Canada or are you back down here in South Florida? Well, let me ask you, what is it sound like? Do I sound like I'm far away or like I'm looking? It sounds like you're right here. I am. Alright, I figured tell thanks. Yeah, not. I am not. I'm sitting in my apartment in Toronto in my box of shorts and the sun is shining and it's not too toasty to be brought on to it. It's colder than which is a but. Yeah, but, but, but, but, well, let me see what it is. It's minus 11. What is that? Look, look, look how you're a little thing. Me, uh, minus 11, the Celsius and the hydrodays going to be minus 7, but it's sunny and beautiful. There's no, the snow is all gone by the way. It's pretty much all gone. Like 10 degrees, 11 degrees. All plus 10 or 11 degrees Fahrenheit. What's wrong with that? It's toastie and it's going to be minus 7 this afternoon. What's not to lie? It's not to lie. It's not. At least people will think that they can tell where I am based on. It's like my good friend Dick Feinberg called in yesterday because I'm a great guy. But, I told you last time I was at the track. Pump it over. It says, well, I can always tell when you're in the studio because when you enjoy your life by the way that you are continually back and forth. And I said, I hate to break the news dude. But I haven't done the show in that studio over a year now. And, you know, and so I haven't seen any people in over a year. It's been a long time. Well, you'd be amazed if you saw me now. What not? I still look forward to it. I still just like me. But the shaving head. Well, I had a shaving head when I was at last time. Although this time it's shaving really, really shave. I'm like a child. I don't know why it just feels good. I just like it. I don't know. I like it. Well, it's easy. What do you mean by that? Don't have to like shave your comb your hair. That's right. Brush it and comb it. Squeeze it and wash it and stuff. Yeah. Okay. A cloth put dipity do in there. Yeah. A little dipity do can't be all bad. You know, this thing about I want her very buzz. Oh, seriously. Esmerra judge would be an understanding. But I mean, sitting aside his grotesque unacceptable behavior and he probably ought to be disfired very soon. But nevertheless, why isn't that people make such a big deal? And I'm not asking this out of stupidity, but just curiosity. Why is it such a big deal where people are buried? I mean, what's your dead? Right. What difference does it make? Oh, you know, that goes way back. Way back to what? Ancient times are top of our station and, you know, back to the Egyptian days, even before them. Well, yeah. But that doesn't answer my question. Why is it such a big deal where they bury your ass? Because it is. No, just because. And you have there some people who want to be cremated because they really believe that someday they're going to come up with some way to bring all the dead people back. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And so they want that what they're assuming is that they're going to dig up all the bodies. I've heard people say this. They're going to dig up all the bodies from all the uh, cemeteries and they're going to like inject some kind of a magic fluid. But you're going to be like, just like that. But it's a life again. First up that landlord, a mine from Cerro Soda, the one who said that before he would ever die, that would come up with a science would come up with a way that has had for a eternal life. And of course, now he's dead. Anyway, I wish I had never blanked. That's the poll today. 824. I wish I had never. And look what's leading. James so much weight gotten fat 265. Easy to gain it and very difficult to lose it. Take it for me. So easy to gain and then all of a sudden and then like even on the addkins, you can lose it and then you have a back couple of bad days and it lost 40 pounds. It's all back over the weekend. You know, not good. Not niche good. I wish I hadn't gotten so fat 265. I hate this poll. It's got 140 16.8%. What was there to hate about this poll? Other than it's the soft thought of crowd, you know, venting their hate. They're venting them. Like that Schmendris said, vent them. Talk about the illiterate. Wish I had never gotten married 114 George. That's not what I voted. I didn't say that with that. I just, I'm just addressing you. Okay, because you're in I'm here. Yeah, I hadn't voted for moving to South Florida. That would be a good. That's a good idea. Wish I had never moved to South Florida 108. Wish I had never started doing drugs 52. Wish I had never been born in South Florida 26. That was what Chris said because he had no choice over it. Yeah, but then if you wouldn't have been born in South Florida, you wouldn't be on the show with us now. See? True. Which I get to try and get to try and get to try and get to try and get to try and get to try to say that it doesn't compensate for all the other negatives of being in South Florida, being like a captive audience, of being a prisoner there, a prisoner of Zinda, well, whatever. I wish I had never chosen to be gay. It's going to be too. It's chosen to be gay. Little comedy vote on it. And then of course, you know, it's that gay agenda. That's why they made the Tim Hardaway story. So, seriously, those guys need a spanking. It's going to take a big panel to cover both of you guys. But Kenny and Bowen at whole crowd of theirs, they need a spanking. The stupid crap that they put on here. It's just unbelievable. I wish I had never had children 19. Wish I had never, I wish I had never come to America and my banana votes slash rubber tube slash rubber tube 15. Wish I had never gone to college or grad school 14. Wish I had never started smoking 13. Wish I had never started gambling 12. See, this is a good poll. I don't know what they'll these, uh, negative three seven. Oh, you're negative. I know, they're just bastards. They're just relentless, hateful bastards. I wish I had never started wearing religious head gear nine. Yeah, once you get put that on, if you put it on too tight, you can't get it off. Wish I had never gotten to horse nine. Now, that's interesting. In other words, they missed their exposes out with who try to say or they they just not have to be about paying the Alemone. Whatever. I wish I had never started drinking six. Oh, and I wish I hadn't enjoyed the military five out of 840 votes. We'll do a thousand easy. They George would be on one or two today. I'm getting out of here at one o'clock. What are you talking about? I'm going to play the tape. I got my slippers on right now as matter fact. My and what hotel are these front? Let's see. You're glass slippers. I stole another stolen hotel. So there's Kenpinsky hotel Berlin. These are from my summer during World Cup week. I've only seen one thing to say about last summer World Cup weekend Berlin. You know what it is? That's what it is. Oh, boy. Can't drink a clock back, man. You can't live in the past. Speaking of that, speaking of what I was just thinking about anapolis Maryland fake bulltesticals, another ananotomically. Well, how come I can't speak? Well, I got tongue-tied thinking about last summer World Cup weekend Berlin. I was sticking. Oh, Jesus God. Fake bulltesticals, another ananotomically. A specific vehicle. The decorations will be banned from Maryland roads under a built pending in the Maryland state legislature. That's Mary Land. The measure was five in the general assembly this week by delegate Lee Roy E. Myers. That name just always gets me. I friendly Roy Griffith is a real pervert like me. That's why he's my friend. But Lee Roy. That name does kind of like Crank you up a little bit. He says children shouldn't be exposed. He's a Republican of course. They shouldn't be exposed to giant plastic gonaids dangling from pickup truck driver hooches. They'll also abandon depictions of naked human breasts, but off-sour genitals with offenses punishable by fines up to 500 bucks. It's time to take a stand. Myers told the Hagerston Harold mail. The ACLU objected the Myers bill. The legislation is overly broad and will probably make it legal to have a sticker on your car of the Venus Demyro from Art Museum. ACLU of Maryland spokesman Merritif Curtis wrote an email. Pamela Campbell, who's a bullhead the city or his own business sales fake bulltesticles suggested that the swinging decorations can prompt healthy discussions about anatomy and reproduction. What's wrong with swinging bulltesticles anyway? That's quite a delicacy in Sweden by it. Swing and a bird. Eat them. No, that's a dog to see in Spain. Your people are Spania. Do we have to noodle all dogs that walk by us? He asked where does it stop? That's right dogs are like, you know, they're not where no underwear. We're just a week Arizona's legislature rejected to measure that would ban vehicles, spinescards, burying races, terms, or so much of naked women. Oh my god. Why don't you have a little distracting? You know, people are going to be scattered all over the world. Maybe that's your season south photo. Maybe people are easily distracted. Or maybe they just can't drive for Schmett. The biggest thing is the best talent to be this is the rotors. Why do you best? Maybe you spend a lot of time around other men in the locker room? In the shower? Maybe you play to the NBA. You're tired and you have the need to express yourself. Nothing says it better than a card. No from small mark. The Tim Hardaway collection. Each card with a built-in chip opens to play a heartfelt message. The Tim Hardaway collection features the most offensive thoughts in a lovely package close-minded ignorant sentiments that question was really going on with the sender. Oh, you know, I let it be no, I don't like the people. Say it with a card. When you play homophobia and protest too much, it's a cry for help and a greeting. The next time you have an opinion that's inappropriate, but you just have to say it. Dig a hole for yourself by sending a card from the Tim Hardaway collection. I hope you people. From small marks when you care enough to make a jackass of yourself. Major Bulletin Tomville sacked absolutely presents, or is it? Anybody I exactly? I mean, I have to put that on CNN that he dropped out, whoever knew that even dropped in, to see what condition is condition with him. I mean, let's get serious. Was that the electric prunes? I just dropped in to see what condition my condition was and you've got it, you've played it. Yeah, yeah, it's on. So speaking of a Barack Obama and speaking of all the presidents or contenders. I had much to dream that was electric prunes. Had too much to dream? What did I say? I was too much to drink. What would I ever know? I was, I don't know. You said, what condition my condition is in or just dropped in? Well, that was Kenny Rogers in the first edition. I just dropped in to see what condition my condition was in. I'm not correct about that. That's Kenny Rogers back when he was with his group. The solution. Yeah. Yeah. I'm right. Oh, right. No, Ruby. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, Ruby. No, Ruby. Don't take you on the town to leave it on the ground. Yeah, that's what we watched Kenny. Do you think that a few looks that ever? I did play about 4,000 times. That one I did was at the a, a pop at a park in the dining room sitting right across from my table. Did you? Just mind in his own business all alone myself and content has got to. That I ever did. I even was up there one night. Did you ever tell me what? That I engineered a commercial report for his brother to cut a spot for Kenny Rogers' rosers and what other looks and sounds exactly like them? Is that still a business Kenny Rogers rosers or I think roasted? Don't know. Toast, they weren't bad. Never had to. I'm not a chicken guy as you know. I'm not a big chicken. What I heard. When you're Jewish, you're like, you know, if I'd wait too much chicken all your life and you finally say, oh, fat. I do like chicken like a gribbitous and feet. Well, I do like ribbon. Well, I wish I could have ribbon. It's man at my stage of life. It would cause an odds in that now. Did you play Ruby? Don't take you all the time because I wasn't paying any. That's where I was playing. That's I don't know. I'm moving on to the seal. Oh, Lucy. We don't have to hear all the whole Kenny Rogers collection, you know. Why not? I don't really care. It'll kill some time. I'm only on here. Well, when you take I'm doing it, what a compliment. On the other hand, you're playing music instead of that tape that you wanted to put on. No, no, I'm going to play the tape and music over it. But there's Rob Marciano on CNN with way too much clothing on. He's not much. Where's my buddy that I'll keep you guys. Wow. Woo. He's a key guy in my life. Anyway, can I get back to this thing about the Barack Obama? Okay. They are going to smear and smear him. And of course, not so much to be publicans because they don't have to waste their time doing it yet because, you know, it's a long ways to tip a rory. But slowly in a crowd. All the other people are like trying. And of course, like Joe Biden with his stupid mouth. Every time he opens his mouth, he says something stupid. Joe Biden. He's just Biden this time. And then like Chris, so what's his name from Connecticut? Dodd. Chris Dodd. Tough name. He ain't going to say nothing back because it's just not. He's a real liberal. So he hasn't got any chance. But anyway, so here's a email like I yesterday from our close personal course, Father and friends Steven. Remember the one you were was raining and waving about him hard away last week? Yes. Well, he's pretty soon have his own segment on the show. He says, I don't know if he watched the Culver report occasionally. But once the guy hit on her name is Deborah Dickerson, by the way, this black shift kind of piss me off. He says, apparently she's the author of the end of blackness and she basically spent the entire time talking about how Barack Obama isn't black. Oh, I saw that interview and it was hysterical. Let me tell you, he says, what a lot of horsemen. She contends that he's not really black, at least not what we normally would consider black because he didn't descend from a West African but over here is a slave. Huh, I guess you got to ask that question first before you decide if he can hate somebody. She goes on to say that there are probably a lot of white people out there feeling proud that they're thinking of voting for a black president, but we can pretty much stop being proud of our color blindness because he's not really black anyway. See, if we were talking about Malcolm, what does his name Shamar Moore? Yes, please Malcolm, I used to play Malcolm, I think I'm going to horny. I mean, he's one not only is he a like-complexed, but he's one very hot looking, I like-complexed, at least he always was. Hey, Malcolm. Oh, God. Anyway, also she likes him, Barack Obama, but not expected, encouraged blacks to get behind him solely for his blackness again because he's not really black. Oh, maybe he'd like an algeosin-lory parks thing. I think he's like blackface. So I guess he's just a dark white person is what he's trying to say. This is got to be some of the most ridiculous crap I've ever heard Steven says, whether or not you're great grandfather was a slave, has nothing to do with being discriminated against, I think. I don't know how many white races to be fore deciding to hate or discriminate against the black person's thought to ask them. So is your grandfather a slave? No, well, then you're cool, brother. Why don't you do it with their spam meeting? Or is it just because he's articulate and educated that he's not really black? Whatever the case, it's totally ridiculous. I'm sure if he's gone through the same things every other black American ever has, and if he gets selected, the country will finally take in a big step toward showing the world that were not as dumb as our current president and discrimination at least for races almost down to the point where it should be considered totally as a different. That is if he gets nominated and elected. If he asks me, the biggest group of races left now is the black people, but then again, what do I know, so Steven? So she's what's an immigrant that we're Dickerson you saw? Yeah, was funny. He made a fool over and actually shut her up. Good. Well, he's good at doing that. She probably did a good job of doing it or so. Yeah, he's not. Don't feel, don't feel too, uh, she I don't really care what he is. So it's not like I feel like I'm brought mine to the rope in mind, and because I'm support in Barack Obama, I don't give a crap whether he's like light, mocha, dark, chocolate, uh, tapioca pudding. I don't give a crap about that about the texture or a ton of his skin, you know. I care more about the ton of what he has to say. Wow, let's see if spirits you watch they're going to do a number on him. The likes of which you kid that if you think to switch voting a John Kerry or something, that was always just practice man. I was small potatoes. You ain't seen nothing yet. Trust me what I tell you. Who did that song? You ain't seen nothing yet. Backman turned her over, grud. That's right. He told you. Oh, right. But that was the song I played on Zeta Boy. That was some year. What year was that? 80, 87. That was 87. No, not 70. I'm not talking about the song. I'm talking about all year. I was on Zeta. Which reminds me it is now less than a week next Thursday. VTO now we're talking VT. You ain't seen nothing yet. What was that in spot set on next Thursday? That was a week away from the Thursday March 1 which is my 30 percent of history on the earth south sort of major day coming. How did you like that? That was right. I was going to stop it. Yeah, you mean you're not most fast. You're going to do that. You talked up the silence. It's from the fan. Letter wise. Yeah, this is my favorite. I mean, you ain't seen nothing yet. We just sold a plate. I like a lot. There's a lot better in some union of the group. Yeah. But they almost never played this. That's the one. I'm not if you really weren't overplayed. Nothing is more overplayed than this. Oh, yeah. I can't hear anymore. Good. They were pretty good. Bachman. Yes, they were about five minutes. They were excellent. A group that should have earned my lot longer than they were. Or would. 891 votes on the pool. We got the files looked easy before I get out of here today. Chris easy. I'm sure you're probably marking that down on some of your fat spots. Oh, yeah. Which could be almost anywhere. I wish I had never gained so much weight. I got in fat 24. But you voted for that. I didn't get to vote. So what I voted? Think I lost 100 pounds in one year in 1975. I lost 100 pounds. I was so spelt. And boy, that year in West Palm Man, I was I just wanted to tell you I was a very active guy. And I'm talking about very active homo. Huh? Because yeah, well, that's just the way it was. You know, I was like human looking. I was down to 100 pounds. Yeah, I was mo. More than I could ever imagine. Almost mode back at handle. 284 wish to gain so much weight in God and fat. I hate this pull 152, 17% and we don't know why we really don't care. Wish I'd never gotten married to 122. Wish I'd never moved to South Florida 111. Started doing drugs. 57 been born in South Florida 27. How about I wish I'd never been born? I bet. Let's add it on there. Yeah, let's add it on there. Who said it? Never been born. Oh, I guarantee that'll get votes with this crowd. You know it. Chosen to be gay. 20. We'll start. Started smoking 19 head children 19 come to America. My banana voter rubber. Raph cube 17 gone to college. You were grad school 15 started gambling 12 gotten divorced 11. Started wearing religious head gear that's schmatha 9 because the world is all about competing head gear. That's what it's all about. That's not so much what you believe. It's what you were on your head. Started drinking 8 and joined a military 5 at least there's still a lot of voting. You They're nice people. I thought it. That's what I say. Got it. There are friends. I like it when they hold my hand. You should know that. And it's shot. You with the ball. Can I check that out? I don't care if it's too excited. Ball. Next time they attack a blancher buddy else for that. Mr. Coach Bridge of my dad and my mom. You don't see the mine. That's a brush of gas. To the community that fish my ass. Now you've been a rackage. Look it good to me. Just call me pressure and check money. Hey. Oh, it's bigger than that. The Pentagon used to be a cancel plan since then. They had 700 ton explosive charges that had been a desert that had drawn environmental protests in lawsuits. You know, it's amazing that the buildings in Vegas actually keep standing. You know what? Why is that? Because of all those bad vibrations on the right of the whole time I was conducting a lot of nuclear testing in the desert. I've become convinced that it's time to look at alternative methods that are the eighth and need for this type of large scale test that James did melt of 10 L. Yeah, the director of the defense threat reduction agency. While I like that group that offense threat reduction agency. All right. Dubbed the divine streak. Not strike. Why is it strike? Is that a mis to the type or what? Divine strike. The test was designed together. It's an amazing data for using developing weapons capable of destroying deeply buried bunkers containing chemical biological or nuclear weapons. Was that nuclear is your president says, is your illiterate presence? But you're nuclear. In call for detonating 700 tons of conventional explosives over a tunnel. At an Nevada test site to study its effect on hard-granted structures in a lot of the M.G. and Grand. But the experiment rule lawsuits and protests from Nevada residents worried about the possible environmental impact in the blast, which was expected to send a mushroom-like cloud 10,000 feet into the air. Not good. I wonder if that's the same mushroom that kind of leases are we talking about. How about you she'd never seen one? I'm mushroom. All right. Tanalia said as the citizen of cancel the test was not based on any technical information that indicated would be harmful to workers the public or the environment. This because it's so much protests because there were so many people fired up and pissed off or fired off and pissed up or whatever it was. 1916 on the pool we're going to be close to a thousand by the top of the hour. Not there yet, but we'll be like right on the verge. You know what I mean? Like right on the verge of some major event. Similarly that schedule for today, which we always try to do, it says we got mad dog at two. Power hour with hank in the mad dog together between four and five. Humpers solo 5 to 650, a little bit of an early exit there 10 minutes off because we got inside the batter's box for her came baseball pregame at 650. The Keans against Elon. At seven o'clock. What do we figure that was a correctional institute for the brain dead? Elon. I was in North Carolina somewhere. Remember I looked that up the other day. Keans at Elon. Another girl school. And Chris explained it was that that's because the coach used to coach there or play there or take showers naked there or something like that. Graduated from there. He graduated from there? I believe so. Well the fact that it's a division 18, you know. Well it all kinds of facts is coming here. This is good boy. This will take us to right up to the one of fun. Oh I got no paper in there. One moment please. Oh Jesus. Do you know if they were worried about taking care of people as much when they were alive as they do about after they died then it would be one of what a wonderful world it would be. That same thing on the other side like that. That is one of my favorite songs that I really resent the fact that our Garfunkel read it because then cooked it such a great job on wonderful world. If you got that don't know much about history you got it or what? Look and come on you know. So, we'll talk here with an at motel with some chicken. I think he's dead. There we go. Anyway, we've looked this song. It's a couple of four sevens. He's dead. He's no no much. I think you just don't like our Garfunkel because it's true. It's that's our 10. That was we had. I love our Garfunkel. I just wish he would read it the song that's not going to be done. It's like movies they we make and don't need to be really the same thing with the song songs. It's put pots in the round. What a wonderful world it is. It's a wonderful world. It's a wonderful world. It would be. If it was taken as much care. Be nice to people when they were alive. That's my motto to you folks. They're listening. Be nice to folks while they were alive you know. This business about honoring the dead and I just what's the point. Here's one that says the fact I'm hoping that the print of the article I'm faxing was large enough for you to read. Oh yeah I can read anything. I got good eyesight man. I can see something really good from a mile away. And then I get close and I think oh my god we've talked about that before. You know you're in a shopping mall and you'll see something you know maybe a few yards away. You think oh my god and they get closer and he's like oh even I look better than that. And that's saying a lot. It says I printed it from AOL news and not computer seven. It's enough to know how to enlarge it. Oh not me either. I wish I knew how to enlarge it. It says leave it to the NBA. Oh I like this nothing but AOLs that's what the NBA stands for. That is excellent. I love it. Next you. Yeah yeah. To turn Vegas into hip hop hill. Have you ever felt the least bit unsafe even one second anywhere in Vegas? No. Me neither. It says only the NBA holes and the whole maze could make people run for their lives in Vegas during last weekend's all star festivities. Keep in mind the article was written by a black man so none of our professional ethnic stuff there can scream racist oh they were anyway. Just like that thing about that broad. What was your name? Deborah whatever about the Barack Obama isn't black. Maybe how about if he was like charcoal if he was that black? Well that means no no no no not if he his ancestors didn't come over slaves in a crate. Oh boy. Stackfight court would what was the other? Then we get them try to find that video for it. Deborah I'll tell you and say in Deborah Dickerson. I don't know if I can say that or not. I want to see who is kid to the running back from the occult from 100 years ago. What that was his name? Linda Fisson? Oh his name? Eric Dickerson. Very good. He had the goggles on. I don't know why he had the goggles. Once like people are were sunglasses on you know it's snowing. Is there some people I just don't get they were the shades when it's inappropriate. So Zay also our weekend in Vegas was an unmitigated failure and any thoughts to take me extravagant in New Orleans in 2008 are total lunacy. This is written in A.O.A.O.L. Sports. Police were simply overwhelmed in Cincinnati it says. And if I'm planning to showcase what is right about professional basketball was turned into a 72 hour display of locker room through David Stern can't sleep at night and spends his days thinking of rules to mask what the NBA has come to represent. Good luck fixing all star weekend it says. The game is a sloppy boring half-hearted mess. The dog contest is contrived and pointless. The celebrity contest is unintended comedy and worst of all all star weekend revelers have transformed leagues midseason exhibition through the new millennium Freetnik and out of control street party that features gunplay violence non-stop weed smoke in general mayhem. George wants to be there for the non-stop weed smoke and I'm sure a lot of you guys do too. I'll bring a good if that's what it takes. Yeah. Where do all the criminal activities that transpired during all star weekend has been slowly leaking out of Vegas radio shows and TV news cast and on internet blogs the past 24 hours let's see this was written uh oh two twenty one so early in a week. It was filled with an element of violence to be suffrage and a manager for Coco's restaurant told KLSTV.com they don't want to pay their bills they don't want to respect us or each other things got so bad she closed the twenty four hour restaurant from two to four in the morning. I've been spit on I've had food throw to me she said I've lost two servers out of fear I've locked my door out of the fear of violence or sounds like lots of fun. All weekend people especially camera lovers gossip about brawls and shootings you didn't know what to believe because the local newspaper was filled with stories about raging success all star weekend was the city is desperately trying to attract NBA franchers I guess there was no reason to let a few bloody bodies get in the way of a cozy relationship with David Stern. Well I'm already I'm doing a good job in reading this was the print is tinyer than uh than tiny by the way if I would have known that one guy there was so attached I would have saved tiny's actions and I was sent into an urn because it sounds like he's yearning for the urn. Toss it says the NBA's business partner ESPN didn't have time to dirty its hands and report on the carnage I'm sure ESPN's reporters were embedded in the reruns of the troops shack Kobe King James D Wade Allen mellow is that right mellow? whatever I'm asking Chris now you all is there a guy in the mellow car mellow Anthony. Oh I see well see I'm just want to make sure I'm reading it right because the prettisotini it says but the remoteable brawl brawls at least two shootings were done three hundred and fifty rest and a lot of terror in Vegas over the weekend and the police might want to talk to NFL player uh Pac-Man Jones about a nasty shooting speed of a biggest strip club Joe to the rapper Nelly were allegedly at Minks gentlemen's club Monday during uh Monday morning surely before during the shooting two victims male employees of the club were listed in critical condition of the hospital third of female patrons to stay in online threatening injuries after being grazed by a bullet there were so many fights in so many gang bangers and one parking lot shoot out of the mgm grand that people literally fed the hotel and fear for their safety I talked with a woman who moved from the mgm to the luxury because she couldn't take it she said I'll never come back to another all-star game there reports of a brawl between rappers and police at the win hotel Vegas police were simply overwhelmed along the strip they were there solely for decoration and to the scourge major crimes beyond that they minded their own business I was there whoever wrote this who's the adjacent woodlock so I was there locking the strip this weekend must be what it feels like to walk the yard at a maximum security prison you couldn't relax you will hood it i contact the heavy police presence only reminded you of the danger the danger of a stranger but on a full scale of the fear occupation New Orleans will not survive all star weekend 2008 David Stern seriously needs to consider moving the event out of the country for the next couple years and hopes that young hip hop hoodlums would find another event to terrorize taking the game to Canada won't do it the game needs to be moved overseas someplace where the blood's in crypts and hookers and holes can't get to it without a passport and a plane ticket i'm serious stern spent the past three years trying to move his leg in players past the thug image run our tastes fan brawl stamped on the mba our test after this weekend i'm convinced he's losing the battle also we can vaga scream that the nba is aligned to closely with thugs stern is going to have to take drastic measures to break that perception reality i'll start weekend no longer are running the woodstock for parole is want to be ripped apart a wrap artist and baby mama's on tax refund vacations this was not a by-product of a game being held in vaga's all star weekends been on this panther five or six years every year the event becomes more and more a destination for trouble makers of something isn't done next year's all star weekend will surpass the the ceased frequent a world a week at log party in Atlanta in terms of lawlessness last year looting in a rape killed a frequent ninety nine the nba's image can't survive beveling the friend's court and not sure can survive the investment of a new Orleans standoff between the fans and national guard either if stern wants to continue to just strengthen the international appeal of his game he's got the perfect excuse to move the all star game to germany china in the anywhere shoot the night's a posse can't find it yeah they should do it how we do it on the pole we got nine thirty four everything is looking up roses and George would be on a one-on-clock or some nifty taste the piece of geosome best challenge it's all my rocker sports pretty much hey thank you all fans what could be better than watching your favorite players slam down about watching them get dunked in the slamer you can with the all new and the a criminal lead yes all your favorite players on the court are now in court this could be Bryant their lives strong demons down a mile climb Robinson Chris Weber Jerry Stackhouse and of course Allen I very soon all the NBA super stars are in lockdown the action is locked up the NBA criminal lead what if what's going on if gonna be up a couple to the NBA the most violent prisoner they've gone from committing fouls to committing felonies and you can be a material with this to all the drama with the NBA criminal lead the ever and that's what I call a fair ball the NBA hey revenue to a five six you got some bad news that we got an amber alert in parish floor to anybody have any idea where that is parish floor peristathon 13 gold boy was uh he was granted the bus stop some guy came along and his grand disaster and the rest of him too play more we've five foot tall hundred pounds white would light brown hair and he looks so lucky girl quite frank it was just a haircut you know got a bad bad dude somebody forgot to tell a clear that that long here is out and the bell bottom pants and the mutton shop sideburn you know where parish floor it is no well here are some good news man art we love you by the way it says huh i said i love it finally got an arbor trying to land after twenty plus years of listening to the ad in join the show i hope i i hope you pick as in the ratings again is usually still feels like was able to contribute after all these years a free world fan center payment is bush league banana republic closing thanks for the great show keep it up so the speaks is are thank you are okay not that we want to you know influence in anyway whatever that even people listening to the show for a long time many of them including even some young people listen to show for a long long time to the program like you know and they've survived it you know it's not like because you listen to the show that was the warning years ago if you listen to that fact he is done or radio it's gonna screw up your life and your kids lives and everybody's gonna be uh yeah right sure there are this show man these people don't realize i don't want to start painting myself on the ass but i'm gonna tell you right now they are they ought to be kissing you away you're right now okay they ought to be on their hands and knees kissing their radio is right now nine hundred and fifty four votes on the pool i like this pool i don't see anything wrong with it there isn't i'm not taking that person like i am influenced by the audience which i'm not but it's just so stupid you know i mean if you're gonna if you're gonna a rip one of our polls rip the one like yesterday uh because it was geared too much toward old parts you know like me let me say it again be nice to people why they were alive don't worry about paying tribute after they're dead what though what does that do for them you know the carcass will appreciate it and i'm sure as i'm sitting in this chair that there are relatives of mine and also probably people in the audience oh he didn't even go to his mother's funeral well well what difference does it make what the how was that kind of accomplished and she already knew i told her ahead of time that i wasn't gonna participate the only few are if you're not feeling long gonna be at his my own maybe well i take that back but i mean you know if was i just i'm not going any funerals it's just i've been to a couple and it's a whole business thing yeah a lot of crying and sure and carrying away what is that do for the person in the box huh what is that do are they aware the chair's about is that what it does makes him feel better about the having the money down from hell well be nice to people whether alive there's another some more words of wisdom from the whistom yeah speaking to be nice yes i just set you the uh the video for uh that to come to interview the cobert Dickerson interview all i some i film he refer in as it's it's uh that's not exactly what he did but he he made nice out of yeah that's what he did you know what's better he got a star of it from the sounds of that email sounds to me like she did a good job of that herself talking about oh yeah she held he's not really black because his ancestors didn't come from africa and they didn't come over here and she said herself up and uh and he's fighting i'd be in an idiot by being a moron jackass as simple to do what is that the problem of siano again he's not that good i got news for he and even the same league is that uh a key guy uh he's the he was the other guy was on the other day and he kept to a kept same well where's the severe weather and kept pointing a key a key i can't tell you where it's pointing at that he said it's pretty severe anyway here's what we got nine fifty eight this hour will go over a thousand and of course in the noon to one hour that'll be like i don't let me do what i had the last time i took off a long-awkward i don't do that very often i guess that was before i went off to Berlin what did you do well i got to that top of the air yeah i did a thing there and i got out early because it was like it was uh i think in the end of the show which it was not right yeah and so i keep you looking extra two three minutes which i apologize because you all the i know you don't want any extra time but i don't well why not we'll just fill it with a tape good nine hundred and fifty eight boats on an excellent pull it's fettled what they award around town is it's excellent i wish i had never gained so much weight or gotten fat three hundred and six yeah fast bad maybe and i'm gonna say oh i got one for you well it goes hand in hand with that one but it's not the universal on the first one i never become diabetic yeah we should have never become diabetic what when you laugh in a bout huh uh you want to put that on there no we will there's wrong with there's some people it wasn't up to them what do you mean by that oh they had the juvenile diabetes it seems like it'd be voting for uh wish i'd never been you know chosen to be gay oh you are look at that i wish i'd never been born is got to haha i don't know what would this crowd and you know something and we're feeling the same way about some of your people too we wish you'd never been born it's first of a college i wish i'd never gained so much weight about in fat three oh six you don't have to put the diabetes thing on there just another word of warning for me don't get fat all of you a punks out there do not get fat and diabetic believe you me it's not a not a lot of fun well it's all there now anyways oh good good thanks Chris he criss-cross along with whatever you know yeah he has to learn from you to be put every every i work come up with oh that's ridiculous like that you know well George said yes but he said it's not always your choice then i already didn't think it was ridiculous what i say in that check for two grand for being a nice guy but doing that thing on the internet they're forming no that was very nice oh well good i'm glad i'm happy and i'm glad you did it i wish i had this i hate this pool 157 16.2 percent that's still i mean it's coming down a little bit but it's still a slap in my face it's a i not that i came up with this pool i'm not coming up with any these pulls anymore we've got a hole i got a stack up here i have a little of the ceiling it's great here in the studio in Miami i wish i never got married 127 not a good idea don't get married okay it ends in service okay i wish i never moved a softfoot 116 it starts in service it starts bad it goes downhill from there started doing drugs 63 never been born in softfoot 31 started smoking is got a third man i wish i hadn't chosen to be gay 25 oh i wish i had had children 21 i wish i'd never come to America on my banana boat or inner tube 19 gone to college at grad school 15 started gambling 13 started drinking 11 gotten to horse to 11 i'm not really sure understand i'll uh start away religious head gear what is your there's your thing nine there's your things just keep popped up joy to military seven been born to and become diabetic just what up they don't have any yet but it will so now how long is this clip i'm gonna have time to watch it during the break or what let me look at the real good thing five and a half minutes five and a half minutes well how about i'm gonna look at that and you said it on my own it's Dalton yes yeah i'll watch it in installments and i'll have to plug the audio in because i wish i'm gonna have to listen to it it's uh what's your name again? Deborah Dickerson Christian yeah and there it is it's sitting they're just waiting for me to prove it in fact maybe what i'll do is i'll take off like a little bit even extra earlier second watch it i just leave now okay see yeah sounds like an idea to me okay getting back to uh Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton if we can because that's really what that whole thing is all about is this and they're gonna find every reason you watch man it's gonna be really ugly and i think that there'll be a uh uh uh black lash against it the only thing i'm really worried about though what is his safety i'm very not that i'm suspicious of america being a much erasist and red next but i'm concerned for his safety if he gets to nominate or even if he's just uh out there campaigning which he will but you don't think that that's uh something to think about sure for all of them oh this is this is a great pull for Charles V who's been working feverishly on it in the polls too this is a good one on the last day of my life i want to go out having the best-hand blank ever enjoyed and here's his choices bowel movement that would have been my mother's choice cigar dream or fantasy drink ice cream party pee pizza sex three way vacation or trip or wicked weed oh that's uh do you have to only choose one that's a good pull don't you think they probably hated already we haven't done it but they hated already they're good fact they're they're preparing already for whenever i put it up there oh we hate that me all we hate it the long-term impact of the tinsel town uh tussle between the Clinton and america and pains is no big deal it says but it showcases a big issue in the primary campaign and issue can senator helbert Clinton or senator Barack Obama be elected president there are some democrats that wonder if either one can win political enlisty Rothenberg said Obama supporter and hollywood david mout movie mobile david given now see who endorsed him uh oh gee i forget it was that endorsed uh Barack Obama just last night some policies and somewhere and i just live oh it was a toned actual Obama supporter and hollywood movie uh mobile david geth and raise the issue front and said about Clinton and interview with the work times commas marine doubt geth and call her incredibly polarizing and said republicans believe that she's the easiest one to defeat in what i would say to that absolutely correct sir the tinton campaign's toughest sponsor which it challenged Obama to distance himself from geth and return geth and campaign relations and a signal it shows clinton is willing to hit back when somebody comes after her and as tinton have too much political baggage that issues on the table now too that's the square table but dust up also raise the issues for Obama is he really a different kind of politician just like something he did not say he called slash and burn politics but is campaign issue a slashing attack on clinton it's not clear to me why be apologizing for somebody else's remarks about our senator what i will once denied my senses that Mister give him a differences with the clinton's Obama said that doesn't really have anything to do with our campaign he though quickly got back on a high road i've repeatedly said i have the almost respect for senator clinton he said and i've considered an ally in the senate and he also said cover and dreared and a polarized political environment there's a lot more strategic voting in the primaries democrats want to win or it's not just a party and sideers it's not just political consultants rockinberg said it's real people real voters and so i think the electability will be a crucial issue she couldn't win a fixed race okay she couldn't win a two horse race and the other one was a chicken picker the rule in politics is that when candidate a candidate b started technique other the benefit goes to candidate c if clinton a bam or it gives an a day in the outbashing of each other i think it probably would help somebody like john edward to good standard of the free and act presidential russian version for a long ways from that the poll say anything about who's electable five national polls come out this month putting clinton and abam against the republican firm owners who did jolly any in john macayne the results are always very close within the margin of error nobody's unlectable but nobody's a sure winner he does is especially the way they fix the american lessons all of the stuff i and seventy eight but it's great by the bottom of the r i think we're gonna have our thousand licks and then we can sit back and take a deep breath yeah and he'll have a big big breath or a big of a trox full and start wheezing and stuff let's pick a wheezy why they're you bestF pig In the shower stove, Move on the floor floor, Staring at my door closed. We are straight up all the time, Out men's group leg game. Can't keep the eyes off high, But I'd be hanging this thing, They're not doing. You felt that you got to hide your whole way. For my guy, You got to hide your whole way. Now we'll slide and finally dive, Just that straight, Day will bye, Men who pull up all the men, This is what both say to find me, I am. No, those here just scored four wheels, Having fun with the boys. If the law goes through my dear, Point boy, point boy, Point boy, Point boy, Point boy, You got to hide your whole way. Are you sure? I got to hide your whole way. You got to hide your whole way. Huh? Okay, 20 past 11 at 5. I'm going to do something. I'm going to try this. I'm going to sound really good. If you would have just got fiction come up here. Let me play the audio through the board. I would have to play it through this. What's going to happen to happen? I think so. Just four of a variety reasons. Black experience and it may affect me. Is that sound okay? Yeah, actually. I could play it from here. I could play it from here. I could miss for so long. And off the book, The end of Blackness, Dundering Dickerson, Mr. Rosenberg. Thank you for joining us. Is it buffering? The end of Blackness, I would come out right here and say, I'm against any Blackness. I believe that everyone has a right to be Black. It's a choice and I support that. Now, Settle something from me. Okay? Is Barack Obama Black? No, he's not. In the American political country, Black means the son of West African that the Distended of West African slaves bought here to labor in the United States. It's not a putdown. It's not to say that he has a sufferer. It's not to say that he doesn't have a glorious lineage of his own. It's just to say that he and I who are not Distended from West African slaves bought to America. We are not the same. Okay, so if he's not Black, why is he just run as a white guy? Because we know that he's a white guy. He's a white guy. He's a white guy. He's a white guy. He's a white guy. He's a white guy. Because we know black people will vote for white people and white people will vote for white people. But we're not sure white people will vote for black people. So it seems like by self-icyanifying has a black man. Because he says that he's a black guy. He says nobody thought of black guy born Hawaii with the father from Kenya and other from Kansas, but actually when he writes. So why didn't he say, you know, I'm a white guy. That's I mean, that means a lock. Right. He's not white either. He is an African African American. Or he is an African American for what he is. We know we need a new name. What is our name? To vote black. You know, late to the scene. Blackness. Well, we can go with this blackist circumstance as a loud. But. That's not bad. Yeah. I'm going to say, I am disappointed in this because as, you know, I was really looking forward to voting for a black guy. I'm an actually hoping to leave the voting booth to say, hey, I voted for black guy. You can say I voted for an American of African American, American of African immigrant stock. And he's also a person who has adopted the role of being black. So he's not my, he's a brother, but he's an adopted brother. And it's significant. He's a woman of active brother. He's a woman of active brother. He's a man of active brother. He's a man of active brother. He's a woman of active brother. There. I'm 11 different. Okay. All right. But shouldn't black people jump on the Obama wagon because if he doesn't have the burden of this past of being the Senate of African slaves, he doesn't feel the black experience. Can he sort of carry the torch and you'll just piggyback on him. Well, I, I think that's what's going to happen. I think Barack Obama is a wonderful person. We're proud of him. But, and this is not a critique of him. What this is is a critique of right self-congregulation. It's saying we're embracing a black person. We're not really. It's a way of if he were a subject. You had to be with that. If you hadn't told me he wasn't black. I would have gone that I was supporting a black person. And then I would have been supporting all black people. What do you got? But now I, I, I, I won't because he's not. Right. Well, then that we make you racist. You're racist. I will fight. You know, I don't see race. Okay. Because I've moved beyond that. I've developed beyond that. I'm so not racist though. See, race. People tell me I'm white. I believe them because I think Barack Obama is black. So, um, so, um, this is Africa. It's an African American. So it sounds to me like you are judging blackness, not on the color of someone's skin, but on the content of their character. Which I think realizes Dr. King's dream of very special work. I think you mean not so much special as perverted. But, um, I think that, uh, you've got me so confused. Yeah, that's obvious. The content, um, more characters, the content of our history and our culture. And what we're doing by calling him black is obliterating the culture of his King and father. Well, wouldn't this be, but this make it more, uh, making more acceptable to the African American community. If he shared some of the, uh, experience, the black American experience. If he wasn't a descendant of slaves, but what if for just a brief or time he were enslaved. And then, uh, you know, but not nothing racist. We could be like, uh, be Jesse Jackson's slave or, uh, a truck and slave. And then they could say like, you know, he'll be your free now and, you know, no foul, no harm. And he's got all the street cred unions. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you about it. Thank you about it. I think you might have me there. Thank you so much. Yeah. We made it the first word out of your mouth, honey. He had you. Oh. That was a good one. Yeah. Well, worth it. This is a good one. Yeah, it did. Well, good. Actually, I'm thank you so very much. See, I didn't like that. That goes some excellent time. So guess what? I'm not really Jewish and I'm not really gay, okay? Right. And I'm not a kind of a, I'm not a generic and I was, my ancestors were from, maybe they were, what is it? Mooneyins. Mooney nights. Mooney nights. Mooney nights. That's what it is. Maybe my ancestors were mooney nights. Or men and nights. What the hell are the men and nights, by the way? The more than I can show you. No, no. Less strict than onish. Oh, I have a dress plain, but they're allowed to use electricity and gasoline, powered, motor, driver's license. Well, I'm going to adjust my word, so I can become a moon and a men and night. I think that was a beautiful thing. And of course, she was a total jackass. She, he's an African African American. Yeah. How about a few more adjectives? How about, how about, how about, we got a thousand, seven votes on the poor. Oh, man, things are just swimmingly good. The boy can do it. So best, tell us. Sunny Channies. You brought. That's why Friday you bested. Hello, this is Albert Kida from Taudy Van Records and fighting you American Infidel who, by latest cast, even collection. You know my mom, it is right. Let's take your head off your body. Got a machete with the real sharp blade. I wish I had an American hostage. Make those in there, okay? Oh, it's only including the strategy. I always own an airplane. Inside and lean with DJs. Their mag is I can burn. And wear a towel on my head. I don't want to. I'm in followed by an F-16. But do they want with me? Come on, even your purchase does not go to fund terrorism. Really? It's not time to get off the thing. Just relax and take it easy. Your just dumb, that's your fault. You wouldn't have been a fire with you. Find a skin and a rat. If you want a detainee. Another variation on the classic world. Yes, myself every day. Which Americans should pay? Tell me the blue and the harm it's slaying. Don't appreciate your effort. I'm coming through the neck of a woman. She lives in a very unexplored person. So buy new catch see with collection to table 1995. Or do you complain with visa, message card, or weapons of mass destruction? Level 33, 27, although in 5, 60 WDQAM. A U.S. soldier was sentenced to 100 years in prison yesterday for the gang rape and murder of an Iraqi girl and a killing of her family last year. Sergeant Paul E. Cortez 24 was also given a dishonorable discharge. He'll be eligible for parole in 10 years in terms of his plea agreement. He sends to 100 years he'll be eligible for parole in 10 years. Cortez, a barcoe California plea guilty this week to four counts of felony murder, rape and conspiracy to rape in a case considered among the worst atrocities by US military personnel in Iraq. And his plea agreement he said he conspired with three other soldiers from the four-camel-based hundred and first airborne division to rape 14 year old Abir Kassim Al-Jibad-Jenabi, the girl her parents and younger sister were all killed. Early re-rest today, tears rolled down Cortez's faces he apologized for the rape and murders, he said he couldn't explain why it took part. I still don't have an answer he told the judge, I don't know why, I wish I hadn't. The lives of four innocent people were taken. I want to apologize for all the pain and suffering I've caused the Al-Jibad-Jenabi family, he said. A little bit late now I guess. The military judge hearing the case Colonel Stephen Henley issued a sentence of life in prison without parole, the maximum for the charges. Under military law the defendant is given the lesser sense unless he violates terms of the plea agreement which requires Cortez to testify against others charged in the case. So I call it as Charles Figley testified that Cortez and the other soldiers likely suffered stress brought on my fatigue in trauma. It eats you up, Figley said it's a horrible thing. This is not unique. We've seen this in other wars. Five soldiers are served with Cortez and Iraq testified that his actions were out of character and described the hardships of war they experienced, including sleep deprivation and lack of running water. All of these things. It's not the very elements used to me. You know all of these African-American and African-American, also the crab. It is a bunch of crab. I've been saying that for years. What's wrong with this plain little black? Yeah. Is there something wrong with that? I don't know they keep changing the titles apparently. It's a lot of things. That's why I keep saying they keep going from one way was Negro and then of course the other end word which God forbid we can't say that. And then African-American, like somebody woke up on day to say, here's an epiphany clich. I don't like that because she explains Africa is a continent with a lot of different ethnicities and including white people, Arabic people, etc. So why can they just be black? Like go round. Oh. African. See, I never heard of an African Canadian or an African Dutchman or African Italian. You can't even say that. Did you ever hear of any of these things? Of course not. Nobody ever heard of them because nobody bothered making those up. Here's the full so far. We got a thousand twenty two votes. I wish I had never gained so much weight or gotten fat three hundred and twenty four. I hate this full 168 down to 16.4 percent but still an embarrassingly high number. On a fine poll. On a very nice poll. There's not a dancing wrong with it. You see anything wrong with it? Nope. I'm I'm strong because I can't find the dancing. Oh, there it is. A very nice. Yeah, it's very nice. This poll. Hates is pull hundred sixty eight. Wish I had never gotten married on 131. Move this out for 122. Started doing drugs 67. Started smoking 39. Been born in South Florida 31. Chosen to be gay 26. Oh, those must be the ones. Wish I had never had children 23. Kind of America in my banana boat or rubber. Chue. In her 19. God of college at grad school 16 started drinking 13 started gambling 13. Got into voice 11 started wearing religious head year nine. That hasn't changed the whole time. Okay. We probably don't have a whole lot of people other. Like orthodox Jews, well, the kind of people were religious head year all the time. Muscle. Sure. How many muslims do you think we got? Not many. Wish I had never joined a military seven. Been born. Wish I had never been born. Three. And wish I had never become bad. But it's only got a pair out of a thousand twenty five votes. But we're getting our thousand votes. Chris, you can be really proud of us. Okay. Or not. Does the case may be QAM? Hello. QAM. Hey, how you doing? Good. I got one. Maybe I don't know if you have it on the pole. I wish I had never taken this job. Oh, it's not bad. I like that. Uh, one other thing. Just like two other things. Please don't play anymore Jimmy Johnson's spot. He sounds like Clint Codittal hopper when he's coming. Oh, yeah. I'm going to start censoring the spots, Rob. Got his terrible. Well, forget about that. Uh, one other thing before I go. If you climb up a tree, Neil, I will kiss you between the limb. Have a good day. Good night. Five six seven, five, sixty, palm five, sixty, they Verizon, singular, wireless line. Thirty QAM, hello. Yes. That's a black moon. Yeah, right. Eyes of black man. Yeah, with a bad, fully accent man. Wow. He would judge Jefferson as a barist for it. Eyes of black man. WDQAM, hello. He knew I got another one for your pole. To our boat of Prochurch W Bush. Ooh. Well, I liked that. I wish I had never voted for George W Bush. That could be the winner right there. Oh, yeah. Thanks, pal. Have a great day. You too. See how do we leave that off for there? I wish I had never voted for George W Bush. Oh, my God. I'm ready to pause after that. I'm ready to leave on the 4th start making guttable sounds. Right now. Excellent. WQAM, hello. Yeah. I think we all need to leave. Yeah, okay. WQAM, hello. You know. Yes sir. Check back. Don't want your palm. Yeah. I'm going to try that. That's on your ass. Yeah, with a plain ticked egg, don't want your ass. Okay. Make sure you don't use the indelible egg. Not good. WQAM, hello. Yes. Just go by the barrel. Can't be corned. I'm not a mn. I'm the daddy. See, being the daddy requires certain equipment, which obviously show you a lack in soil. You don't have to do too much testing in your case. Don't work that way. I want it to be buried next to the sun. I got an idea since the sun is way out there in outer space. How about nft rainous? How's that judge? Such a judge. And now the sun is your fifth judge, Judy. Next to him. Yeah, right. So he's getting, they're knocking him on the one hand, but by the same token, they're given him like exactly what he's looking for. That's what he wanted. He wanted his 15 milliseconds of fame. Smuck. What is that? The amber alert for that ticket. A five foot six Hispanic band driving a maroon pickup truck. Do we have any idea what that is? What's the name of that place again? Something, uh, uh, uh, no idea. Well, I forgot already where was something. I someplace I never heard of before in Florida. The considered armed and dangerous. Now, we hope to learn more information. There's going to be a news conference Fred. Um, I can't wait for another news conference. It's always my favorite. In fact, if Jimmy Johnson's video in the news conference in Dave Wantston and Wayne He's going to be a good singer. And Wayne Heizinger, we'll probably carry it here on QAM. The biggest name, so best challenge for the business of you, Rogers. The discussion with Hope. See here. I never said home. That's a good boy. I'm going to be a good boy. About the second story. I ain't that bad, Santerton. No, no, no, no. The fifth, the second, the second, the second, the second, the second, the third, the third. And they all stepped in me by that, the third, the third, the third. And they all stood in the noise of noise. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. The noise of noise of noise. The noise of noise of noise. The noise of noise of noise. The noise of noise. The noise of noise. The noise of noise of noise. The noise of noise. The noise of noise of noise. The noise of noise of noise. The noise of noise. And they all stood in me by that, the third, the third, the third. And they all stood in me by that, the third. And they all stood in me by that, the third. And they all stood in me by that, the third. And they all stood in me by that, the third. And they all stood in me by that, the third. And they all stood in me by that, the third. The noise of noise of noise. The noise of noise. The noise of noise. The noise of noise. The noise of noise. The noise of noise. The noise of noise. The noise of noise. The noise of noise. The noise of noise. The noise of noise. The noise of noise. The noise of noise. The noise of noise. The noise of noise. The noise of noise. The noise of noise. The noise of noise. The noise of noise. The noise of noise. The noise of noise. The noise of noise. The noise of noise. The noise of noise. 60 WQAM. Got way over 1000 votes on the pool. Everything is hockey-dory and George will be on at one. Oh man, I can't wait for that. I'm actually sticking around and listen. What do you think? I think you're alive. Yes, I am. 32 WAM, hello. And that's it. That's the end of those calls. That's probably just as well. Although, you know, it's the name of the thing we added that voted for George W. Bush. All I can imagine that that many people listening to us right now, we've already got three on there. They're so sorry they regret that. And they should apologize, man. You got blood on your hands. I'll tell you that right now is a lot of blood on a lot of people's hands. They've no mistake about it. Speaking of political law, oh Doug Thompson wrote this. I didn't know that. Doug Thompson wrote this on capitalillbou.com. Senate Democrats have already decided we've hoped to broaden authority, Congress gave President Bush to launch his increasing the unpopular invasion of Iraq in 2003. But the escalator to the Biden Congress could change the number of Congress could change the balance of power that legislative body. While Democratic leaders map out of strategy to seize control of the war from Bush, Manverick Pro War Democrat, Jewel Lieberman is threatening to jump to the Republican side of the aisle effectively turning control of the center over to the GOP, the gay old party. Lieberman's not so subtle threat adds fuel to the burning debate on Bush's failed Iraq war and highlights the fragility, the frailly of Democratic control. They are two several words, Anthony, frailly and fragility. Yes, they are. If he switches parties, the Senate would be thrown into a tie with Vice President Dick Cheney having to decide on both. Four years ago, Congress passed legislation not surprising President Bush to go to war in Iraq. Now Senate Democrats want to take it back. Official said Thursday the precise wording of the measure means on settle one version would restrict American troops in Iraq to fighting al-Qaeda, training Iraqi army and police forces, maintaining the right territorial integrity and otherwise proceeding with the withdrawal of combat forces. Majority leader Harry Rory, the intensive presenter of the proposal to follow the Democrats next week, and his suspected and tried to add the measure to anti-terrorism legislation scheduled to be debated later this month. Official to describe the strategy spoke only on condition of anonymity, noting that rank and file senators hadn't yet been briefed on the details. Republicans recently thwarted two Democratic attempts to pass a non-binding measure through the Senate that was critical abortion decisionly to plan an initial 21,500 combat troops. But the fly in the oilment may be Librimon who lost an democratic primary mishome state, one is an independent and lied himself with Democrats when the new Congress opened. Reports carry Buddha off of the political is that bud off. She worked her bud off to write it. Senator Jewelie Rubin or Connecticut told the political yesterday that he has no immediate plans to switch parties, but suggested that Democratic opposition to funding the war and Iraq might change his mind. I think somebody ought to do something with his is a homintration, just like Connie did with the canoes and Godfather 3. What do you think? Exactly. Right. Librimon is self-styled and dependent on caucuses with the Democrats has been among the strongest supporters of the war and president board's plans to send those initial troops into rack up, quote, a violence there. I have no desire to change parties, Jewelie Rubin said to telephone interview. If that ever happens, it's because I feel the majority of Democrats have gone and they direction that I don't feel comfortable with. Said the Farbison, Librimon. Ask whether that has not been happening with the rackley, but we'll see how that plays out in the coming months, specifically how the party approaches the issue of continued funding for the war. Remember that jackass they called a couple of days ago saying, oh, I can see it now. It's pretty much written. First it was written and still it was going to be held away from president and Barack Obama for VP, which here is how isn't going to happen. And then it comes up with it's going to be Obama. Would Jewelie Rubin is the running mate? I mean, give me a break. $5,057 votes on a poll. Let's see how it's coming. George is going to be on a distance now or hour and ten minutes. Not that I'm telling you understand. What? No, I understand. Now we're going to play a tape? Sure. I think what we're going to do is play a tape with Joe Bell talking about how the tapes are so much better than when George fills in. See, he'll never say that to your face. Remember what he told you? He'll never talk about you behind the door. No, no, you're wrong. He repeated exactly what he told you to me. What was that? My face. That's a tape sir. How much of, you know, how much substitution can we do before we can't call it the Neal Rogers show anymore? All we want. How about what we do all summer long? Starting, you know, something today is the 20 or 30 February. And when he hears the Neal Rogers show, he hears something that could be played Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, next week or a month later. Because he's a crazy person. Let me say it again. We got March coming up in just a, like next Thursday's March one, right? Because it's my big anniversary. So April, May and June, like three and a half months after that, is the summer vacation starts. This is what I mean to summer schedule. It's going to be all tapes. There could be any tapes. I remember we went through the same thing with Greg on that thing. I know way back then, right? He can't stay. Well, may he too. Even though you're nimble on the summertime all the time. 157 boats on the pool. They just don't like you. That's why I'm looking at you. And that's the way it is here. People don't like you, George. I've got it. No, a lot of people like me just know what in management apparently in this building in this region. I see. Well, the people at count don't like. Right. I wish I had never gained so much weight or gotten fat. 332. I hate this pool. 175, 16.5%. Well, there's that Leo to Camprio. He makes me want a pup. You know what? It also makes me want a pup. They showed all those rats. Did you see that on CNN a few minutes ago at Taco Bell? No. They said it would hold much of rats running around. Why do they do that just before lunch time? Bastards. Yeah. Not that I'm having lunch, but nevertheless. I wish I had never gotten married 132. Move the South Florida 125. I wish I had never started doing drugs. I'm not in 2017. I've started smoking 43. Emporance On Florida 31. Choosing to be gained 27. Oh, I wish I had never had children 23. I wish I'd never come to America, my banana boat or rubber energy. Go on, do a college-degree at school 16. I wish I'd never started drinking 15. Got in the horse 13. Started gambling 13. Oh, there's that John Stockwell. What's that? Will be losing it? There. There's my buddy, Jersey, blockwell, boy, there's ever anybody been looking at you better than that. That's where he had on Tom Cruise. Forget about Tom Cruise. I'm looking at my buddy, Jones Stockwell, boy, he was really pristine and clean. That's what this old clean is saying. How about to get that movie, losing it? A lot of other watch, Christine is pristine. Anyway, why would she have never started drinking 15? Got him divorced 13, started gambling 13, started wearing religious head years, got nine. In the same nine goofballs that started, a joint military, eight, been born. Which had never been born for? Which had never voted for George W. Bush's only got three. Become diabetic three and take in his job none out of a thousand sixty. How can I wish I'd never voted for George W. Bush have only three votes? I mean, granted most of the Bush people. Those that 30 percent, you know, but third man, the last bunch of retarders who are holdouts, who support him in every poll and who just, you know, in total denial because they're too stupid to understand what's going on in the world. And all the blood on his hands. And what a butcher he is and a lunatic and a loser in the destructive, etc. But we've only got three of those, but maybe that's good. Maybe they've all flown somewhere. Maybe they're over there with Rush now. Loved it up to that. Maybe they're popping some pills. Could be. Let's see. That's one thing. Whatever happened with Miss Foley, she's still in rehab. And by the way, how come we don't have the story? Guess who's back and rehab, George? Brittany? Right. She went back in yesterday. The same place that she lasted day before. Right. This makes number three. Yeah. Well, that seems to be your favorite pastime in and out, in and out, in and out, and it worked with Kevin. I've never done what he did about that. You know exactly what I mean, the old in and out. Tell me, pick your widget. Thackset. No. Not anymore. Why, you still, you still got the hospital Brittany? No. Oh, I got a special thing. Wow. She ain't looking too lovely these days. Unclean. Yeah. So what about those Oscars? I could cure those. I haven't seen any of those movies. I was the one you would tell me before I should see the one guy called about fly boys. That was yesterday. That's cool that I was saying you should not see. Or should not see? Not see. Did you see not see, yeah? But he said the most his name is in James Franco. That's right. And I do like to actually, his friends later in this beginning. It's not his fault that it's a really boring movie. He's one of those people who really don't know what he looks like. I guess we met him in person. You know exactly what he looks like. But he's like Enigma. He's a good actor. He's pretty good. You don't think? He's just fine. He's out of quit. Here's a facts from Dijk Dick. Dijk. I never been to him. He always facts as I have no idea how to pronounce his name. Well, it's one or the other. Maybe it's deep. Deborah Dickerson's being a Latin kiss. My ass he says. Please find me one white supremacist who gives a rat's ass about Barack Obama's heritage. Amen. All these people know the color of his skin, which is indecernable from many African Americans who are the descendants of slaves. His non-slave heritage would not stop races from spuing effort that that's toward him or banshing his head in. Amen. It sure is how he's going to keep them from holding for him. That's for them. Sure. It is as often as rhyme. If it's the so-called black experiences that we saw in Result or white racism, then our whole concept is nothing but a smelly pile of cowpuckies. African American is a useless term. Can some of the Egyptian to send important to the West Consider himself African Americans? See, that's what you were saying. All the different kind of people live in Africa. Like an Egypt. Right. See, the pyramids are long, and you belong to me by Joe Stanford. Remember that? I hope you don't have that. I hate that. I'll go find it. If there is a God, we should thank us for giving a thank you her for giving a Stephen Colbert. After Colbert's known ever-changes, as well. Amen. So I think you liked that. I want to can't at warms, we open there with a whole, they're killed some good time though. Thanks, Stephen. Kill some excellent time. I got no Joe's Stanford. You know, that was your name. Joe. Not Joe, we not Joe, as in who nobody else knows. I know. Jim Stafferton, Terry Staffer. Jim Stafferton, the sales and spiders and what is it? Spiders and spiders and snakes and snakes. Joe Staffer, it's from like, before you were born. We don't want to hear that. See, the pyramids are long and nine. You belong to me. I think they're do-preased at that, too. Now, maybe you have that. That's really old. Do-preased. You belong to me. See, the pyramid along the, all those Egyptian Americans are over there. And what about all of this? Yeah, there we go. Now we're talking. I know it. I'll ride. Oh, my God. Huh? See the pyramids. Oh, no. Now. Oh, no. I think they're about to come through the ceiling. Oh, yeah. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Okay, the loop-preased. That's enough of that for about 18. What was it? I don't know. It's just a big deal. It's usually the one or two hours. It's a big deal. Because that means go home, you know. Did you forget that I'm last break? Did I? I forgot to do a spon. Yeah. How about if I do it right now? It'll still be part of the last break. Okay. Sounds good, man. You would think I'm, I'm like trying to accelerate to, like, speed up. And I can just run that hell out of here. I would be more than thinking I would do a thing like that with you. Like I said, time to talk about the main man in the mortgage business, Anthony Kelli Endo. We all know there are a lot of headaches that come along with financing a home or by or selling real estate, whichever, all of these things. According to the main man is because there are too many parties involved in the transaction, which causes lots of mistakes and delays. Misinformation like a communication lies and excuses. And at the end of the day, it's either consumer entity will all the stress you get to fall out. The main man is solve all these problems for you. Just one easy phone call, 1-800 main man will take care of all your mortgage and real estate needs. One phone number, one person to deal with, the main man and his team of pros get all the answers you'd be looking for. It's the biggest transaction of your life and it's about time somebody made it easy for you. So call my main man, Anthony Kelli, and we're too old for you, 1-800 main man. That's 1-800 main man around Linus, the main man, calm and don't forget one call. Does it all? Okay. We coach you now? Yes. We're a coach for a pace off and poor business, far away. It's like the first week in March, should we figure out? W2A, and hello. QA. Hello? Hello? Hello? Hey, Neil Down, baby. No, I'm kidding. I'm buttoning your chat. Yeah. Anyways, hey, check it out. Still with your old bush, my crap and everything. You know, much about the free maids and the illuminati and all these secrets societies and school and crossbones with George Seenier and George Bush Jr. are a partos. Do you really think that's going to watch that? They really have a conspiracy and they're actually controlling the world and more. Yeah, they're controlling their controlling human. I'd say that's something is it must be that light powder. That must be controlling you. Woo! Heavy duty. Oh, look at that cool gauge spot. I like that. That's somebody for our, my space thing. But we got several more members we got about 12.25. I think something like that. All right. Well, I'm busy here, you know, I'm busy. I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, look at Brassie, you know? I look at Brassie said, I'll leave you now because I know you're a busy. I got all kinds of stuff going on. 560, 560, 560, 560, I need Verizon, Cigarette, or wireless on. Most of them have nothing to do with the showbite. One Gonzalez in the New York Daily News writes, oily truth emerges in Iraq. Throughout nearly four years of the Daily Mayhem in Carnage in Iraq, President portion is a reason to what House has scoffed. Even the slightest suggestion that the US military occupations anything to do with oil. The President presumably would have us all believed that if a rat cat the world's second largest of five bananas instead of petroleum, American troops still would be there. Now it comes to evidence of the big prize in Iraq that rarely gets mentioned what House briefings, a proposed new Iraqi oil and gas law began circulating last week among that company's top government leaders, and was quickly leaked to various internet sites before was ever presented to the Iraqi Parliament. Under the proposed law, Iraq's immense oil reserves would not simply be open to foreign oil exploration as many of you expected. Amazingly, executives and oil-serve companies would actually be given seats on a new federal oil and gas council that would control all of Iraq's reserves. In other words, Chevron, ex-son mobile, British patrol, MBP, and the other Western oil giants could end up on the board of directors of the Iraqi Federal oil and gas council while the rest own national oil company would become just another competitor. The new law would grant the council virtually all power to develop policies and plans for undeveloped oil fields and to review and change all exploration production contracts. Since most of Iraq's 73 proven petroleum fields have yet to be developed, the new council would instantly become a world energy powerhouse. We're talking about trade-ins of dollars of oil that are at stake said Riot, Gerar, an independent Iraqi journalist and blogger, obtained at a era of a copy of the draft law and posted an English language translation on this website over the weekend. Take for example the massive, mags-nune field in southern Iraq near the Iranian border which contains an estimated 20 billion barrels of oil. Before, son of Hussein was toppled by the US invasion in 2003. He granted a $4 billion contract to French oil giant total of final health total phenyl to develop the field. In the same way the Iraqi dictator signed contracts with Chinese, Russian, Korean, Italian and Spanish companies to develop ten other big world fields once international sanctions against his regime were lifted. The big British and American companies have been shot out of Iraq thanks to more than a decade of US sanctions against Sodom. But if the new law passes, those companies will be the ones reviewing those very contracts and any others. Iraq's economic security and development will be thrown into question with his law set Antonio Juhaz, the Royal Change International of Petroleum Industry Watchdog Group. It's a radical departure not only from Iraq's existing structure but from all as manages most of the world today. Throughout the developing world, national-world companies control the bulk of our production, though they often develop joint agreements with foreign, commercial law groups. Some of the proposed law, the government owned Iraqi national-world company will not get any preference over foreign companies he said. The law must still be presented to the Iraqi parliament, given the many political and religious divisions in the country as passage is hardly what and teed. The main religious and ethnic groups are all pushing to control contracts and revenues for their region while abortion administration is seeking more centralized control. While the politicians in Washington and Baghdad bicker to carve up the real prize and just watch here a big world will get more Iraqi civilians in American soldiers die each day for freedom we are told. Says Juan Gonzalez in the Ortevian News. Mr. Gonzalez. Yeah. Freedom is on the march. I hate it for freedom. Yeah. That's right. They hate it for the cause of our freedom. That's right. The ones we used to have. Oh look at this. They're making a big stimulus about this kid that got grabbed off the street corner. Suspect is in his theories. Has dark mustache or a tandem loose track on stage. Where is this again? They won't tell us anymore. Some were informed. Some were that we never heard of. And they're having this press conference. Let's get it on right now. What does it got to do with sports? Here's the pull so far. Thousand eighty eight votes. I wish I had never gained so much weight or gotten fat three thirty nine. Wouldn't be nice if we had that magic wand. You know that one you've got. Yeah. That's the one. Oh my god. Look at that. 150 pounds. I got not an ounce of fat on my body. I got a physique just like a Brady Quinn. Oh, I got a speaking of the mice. I got a message from somebody saying if the dolphin signed Brady Quinn would you move back to South Florida and get your dolphin season tickets again? And I wrote back. No. No chance. No chance. What about just getting the season tickets again? The only reason you'd want me to get season tickets is so you could grab and that's your resume one. That's what's happening with everybody you ever said. And well, I don't have them. We don't have their fins no more baby. We've got the fish. Even though it's in my contract, I got your dolphin season tickets. You were one said I get instead. Panther. No, the money. I get the Marlins. I get the Panthers. And instead of the dolphin season tickets, I just get the cash equivalent. Okay. Not bad. Yeah, not bad. Heck of a deal man. I wish I never gotten fat three forty one. Well, we did. And look at us now. Like them down below we said in fact. So hey, my look at your choppy baby. I hate this pool. 184 16.8 percent. They're just doing that to be bastard. That's all. It's just doing that to frost my ass. Is it? You know, like that's going to. Is that going to affect my next paycheck? I don't think so. How about yours? George got his bonus. Yes. Such as it was. So if anybody wants a little part. Yeah, yeah, little pieces. I wish I never got married. 135 moved to South Florida 127. I wish I never started doing drugs six to eight. Started smoking 47. There's too many choices on here. It takes about a half hour to read the pool. So if I read it twice, wish I never been born in South Florida 33 chosen to be gay 27. Had children 23 come to America. My banana boat rubber tube 19 started drinking 18. Gone to college or grand school 16 gotten divorced 13 started gambling 13. I wish I'd ever got off to a summer camp in the Adirondacks. Now I'm glad I went off to summer camp. Although I missed out on the really good fun. Yeah. I did. There was a kid at summer camp. His name was Mark Wushman. I've been on how many years ago that is that's 48 years ago. I can still remember his name. I was 16 years old. His name was Mark Wushman. He was like gay. And he used to engage in certain activities with some of the other guy. I never got in in those sessions though. Damn it. I wish I never started wearing religious head gear nine. That's not going to change. It's the same nine gets you know. I wish I'd never joined the military eight voted for George W. Bush's up to five. It's creeping because he's creepy and you people voted for him. You're creepier than he is. You make me want to cock off. I wish I'd never been born for become diabetic three and taking this job. None. That was Chris's idea. No, the collar. I was a collar. But you thought it was a good idea. No, I like my job. No. Do you like your job for the kind of money they're paying you? But you get free lunch every day anyway. Well, I like my job. That's not bad. Oh, you are such a suck-old man. You're good. I mean, I'm enjoying my job. Well, that's been a really awesome. Or happy. I'm glad they enjoyed your job. See, I make it easy for you. Like George always tells people, you know, if you knew how easy it was to work for me. I already told him back in the beginning, you know what I OD. All room, oh, he's impossible to work for. He's a faster idea. And I don't have it's got enough. I don't give anybody any crap. I just, you know, go with the flow. You know, everybody's a fine job. And then I didn't realize until after the fact that they were inept. I mean, anybody that can't do this job working with you. Yeah. And what's the biggest of the way to do this job? The only difficulties we are confronted with are the obstacles placed by corporate and fund us. Usually of a technical nature, if it can't be my grip. Right. Right. Please don't start talking about or the audio bolt might crap out. Oh, okay. I won't say it. Probably it's past noon a QAM express in different genres. It describes that. Why do you best? Coming up tonight, I'm inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. Even the great nation like the United States has had a few sorry blocks in a history. There have been wars. There have been diseases. And there was... Disgo. I think enough time has passed now that I can talk about it. Nish is the man who invented disco in his clear water floor to basement back in the mid-1970s. He's right about how I'm secure this interview. I'm conditioned of anonymity since a lot of people still want to kill this guy for sending real music into the toilet for half a decade. Well, I still have the machine I made to create discillies. It's a great idea. You can see when I turn the crank it works like a high-tech audio meet grinder. Into the top of the machine goes one of the three basic song subjects. Dancing, dancing all night, and dancing like you're never going to stop. Toss in a few references to booty and you're ready to go. Then you program in 120 beats per minute and the final ingredient. What is that you're dubbing at a top of the machine? Oh, that's the crap. Easy to find. So many people don't pick up after their dogs. Occasionally when I've had beans for dinner. That's fine. And before you know it, you have a top quality discosa. Yeah! Like the platform shoes? Get down everybody! How? Sorry. You just soaked totally deserved that. Disco. For Rock and Roll fans, it was our killing fields. It's a big juicy shopping web look at show business tonight. Uninside the behind. But there's that sweltering. The time. But if she's gone, man, she makes me sick of my stomach. And there she's going to show her true color. She's already doing it. Speaking of a skin color, she's shown her is Lily White. Pick it on, Barack. I got news for her. He's got more charisma and more intelligence in his little finger than she's gotten her old nasty, spiny body. She's a never-one person. She's been sucking prigg. He has come along just at the right time. And I'm saying in other words, he's the guy that America's looking for right now is Barack Obama. I'm just telling you, he's got the intangibles. He's got the charisma. He's got the wisdom. He's got the intelligence. He's got the balls. He got it, baby. He demand. He's not black. Look at that said, vote a key. Or if he's running, I'm voting for him. Well, that's not the weather guy from CNN. I'm voting for a key. And the good news is we got 1110 votes. I'm going to leave for you with a nice. You're going to have 1200 by the end of the day by two o'clock. RG's. Or I'm going to want to know why I'll take it at. How about leave me with some good colors? Or I'm not, if I'm with you. If you have you, I don't think that's in the cards. Yeah. But what is there even with some good colors? What does that mean? These people are already for you, man. Oh, yeah. Yeah, they are. They're loaded up. In fact, that wouldn't surprise. I'll leave you with a full board of calls. If we didn't, remember the way used to be when we put them on a hold and screen a call. Sure. Did we screen them like where they were from? Yeah, I guess we did. That's the only question we asked. And people didn't realize that they could make up an answer. People would always give me a hard time. Or are you, or are you in foot or two? Yeah, like they would say, Broward. You know, in other words, can't you tell us like Tamarack or plantation or Lava Hill? I mean, Fort Lava Hill? How about like a city? How about like a town? How about a neighborhood? You think that that would be an easy question, but you would get almost every time every other answer accepted. Who is this my house? Let's see. Come to QA. I'm where you're calling from? Hello. I like that. Jeffrey, to the fall. Okay. Come to QA. Hello. QA. Hey, Neil, get afternoon. Where are you calling from? I am calling from the west coast. Naturally, that's where Paris, Florida happens to be. It's right where this kid got kidnapped. She's going across the southway. The skyway from St. Pete is the town you come to when you're caught when you go and south. You know, that's a beautiful thing. I like that skyway. Remember when the woman that old lady got her car got caught over the edge of and she was hanging there. Yes. Remember it? Well, I mean, in real two last things in closing, go lightning and got rest of the earth's soul. Yeah, amen. Thank you. Thank you. Have a good weekend. That's funny. He mentioned it. I was in the Sun and Sea said something about the skyway. We're just thinking about Bob Lasseter. But it's hard that someone's believed, but you know, it happens to the best of us. Dan Stewart's day. Bob Lasseter is dead. All of these are things. You know, happens to the best of us, George. Yeah. So like I said, the nice to people by their alive. Don't wait. Don't wait to pay tribute to people until after they're in a ground. It doesn't do them a bit of good. Okay. They're not pleased by it. They're not impressed. They're not, you know, be nice to people when they're alive. Okay. Give them a big kiss on the lips and a little tongue and whatever else they want. You know, like that. Or not. Somebody keep QAM. Hello. Hey, have a white guy on Bokka. Yes, sir. Why are you telling me? Uh-huh. Oh, white A whole in Bokka. Did you realize that? I didn't realize he was still alive. He was the best of bad peace and news day freedmen. I wonder what ever happened to fat boy. We don't hear from him anymore. Thank God. Well, I knew there was something that really be excited about. I have a lot of, a lot of are setting things going on. But, hi, a family. The fact that he's kind of vanished. Maybe he croaked or something. No. He croaked into no counter him up. He's, uh, he's lurking. Uh, he's right there behind the tree. Beyond your peripheral vision. Behind what's the tongue. And he's behind the power. It's better be a big stump if he's hiding behind it. I'll tell you that. W. Q. A. M. Hello. W. A. M. Hello. What do we do? See, we're just warming these up for Georgia. Oh, good. Good. Q. A. Nice. Oh, it's something from the father. Is that okay? Good. And the son of the holy ghost. Q. A. M. Hello. Yeah, I wish I wasn't Cuban. I'm sorry. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. I like that. Let's see, how's the pull word? I wish I had never, when I, that's, then, sitting. I wish I had never been born. Then you born, that's true. You're going to put that on there. Or you got the rubber rapping on there nobody that's keeping his voting for that. Well, we'll see. Okay, I wish I didn't win born Cuban. Well, that's cute. Now, is he sure that he's Cuban a better check his skin color? Yeah. Now, a lot was it during Mary-El, is it just is it my imagination, but during Mary-El? Now, no, those African Cubans, right? You ever heard that expression? No, because there isn't any such a solution. We don't understand what we do in that in Cuba. We say Negro. Negro? Which means black. Is it like Schwarzer? That means black. You know, Moe used to get all bent out of shape. No, no, no, no, no. He was bent out of shape with everything. But he was just looking for things. Oh, my God, did you hear what he said? Gonna get a bullet in the head about all the other crap. There's nothing wrong with it. The word schfarts in German and in the English means black. He's dark. Well, you're not trying to shfarts. You're saying schfarts are. And that's what I'm getting to. A person, a man who is black, is a schfartsur in the English. And a woman is a schfartsur. There's nothing. It all depends on the usage. It doesn't have to be a derogatory term. Of course, it usually is used that way. But nevertheless, right? Right. It's all depends on the tone of the voice and the usage. It's like, go ahead and just people are Jewish. Anybody who isn't a Jew is a guy. Yeah. G. Oh, I see that's where it came from. Go, oh, and there doesn't have to necessarily be anything derogatory about that. All they're usually is too many go. I'm going to keep a man. I love going. Q.A.M. to go. Is Shavelton. Right. I do. OK, sir. I sent you an email on my face. Yeah. I'm going to the wife, but I gave them money to the wife. Oh, this is kind of 179 grand gambling. I gave them my wife. And he wanted George. No, I'm ready. I mentioned it because I forgot to tell George. This guy's more miserable than you are. Yeah. I'm going to leave her now. You know. All right. Tell me, you want to 79 grand back first. Oh, pal, good luck to you. Yeah. He sent me an email. Very sad guy. Mm-hmm. He was very non-grand gambling. He gave it to the wife. And she blew all the money, of course. And he's there in the regrets. Should've done that first. Yeah, that's right. Left or else. And I left him with a 79 grand would have been the smart thing to do. And let's know about his perfect man. You know, the things that prize will do for love. You know, guys, get all whipped up over that pink triangle. Yeah. If I can sit down on you, there's the brimuda triangle. And then there's the pink triangle. All of this stuff, you know. Guys get very emotional. Or some of them do. I don't. But gay, that's the reason for that. I, in fact, I wrote him back. In fact, I think that was my response on the Am I space thing. I said, that's one of the reasons I think the Lord that I'm gay. I don't have to get involved with all that tourists, you know. Yeah. So that's good to know. Good thing I chose to be gay. So Paris is over there on the West Coast where that kid. And they're making a beauty a lot around seeing an inflow to amber alert. I'm seeing them some good news before this day. He's over. I ask your help. I ask you to be diligent about this as I know you will be and get these pictures. Oh, these pictures are for us. That's here of Charlie Wells, a man of tea county. You know, man of tea county. That's Braidon's in baby. Where do you say the dog track? I believe from record. In fact, why would we work it over there in 73? This goes to show you talk about a racist country. I think it was the in Braidon to maybe was the Sir of Silver County club. I can't recall. But anyway, the remnants were still there. The markings of the separate toilets, you know. In the separate water fountains, and I think it once said white ones had colored. And they just hadn't got around to changing the wording on it yet or whatever. Let me ask you what color were the colored toilets. Orange. Oh. 26 past noon a few a.m. George is coming up at one. That was just a little sample of what you got. Ah, no, that's a pro. So fast. Alex, the biggest is oil. The blue blue rose to Obama. The blue blue rose to Obama. The blue blue blue rose to Obama. She is good news now that we know that he isn't really black. We don't have to worry about all and red next now. But for a black guy, because he ain't black at all. But for a circulate night information. Yeah, man, better get that around. The special and red states, you know, all in Yahoo, red next states. See, let's have the word off of that thing about red states. It's red next states, not red states. Redneck. Here's a great article by Margaret Kimberly under the smirking chim, America of the stupid. And it starts with a quote from a Republican representative Todd Aiken of Missouri. He says, could you preach your daily crocket at the animal? Looking at his blank ver, getting a message from Congress? They be crocket. We support you. The only thing is we're not going to send any troops. I'm sure that would really be impressive to David Crocket, you said. There's a sick twisted logic to wake his idiotic analogy. The world would mess to go ahead a lot in common with the occupation of Iraq. Why Americans decided they had a manifest destiny to establish a nation from sea to shining sea? Mexico wasn't a coup to having WMVs, but American politicians told enough lies to serve the war and steal more than half of Mexico's territory. It makes sense that an image from that arrow would be used to justify continued killing an Iraq. Most Americans were always done more than people in the rest of the world, and their stupidity is getting worse by the day. The worship of white supremacy religious fundamentalism and capitalism are most responsible for the ever-loarin collective IQ. Those belief systems are mainstays of American thought and have not come together in a particularly ugly way. A member of the Texas State legislature, Warren Chisholm, recently cleared that the earth doesn't move. According to Chisholm, the son and the other planets all revolve around the earth. He isn't alone either. There's a new and outspoken group of people who are pushing the notion of geocentrism and insisting that it'd be called a science. Chisholm may have fun science, but he passes the most important test in Texas. He believes in giving more public money to rich people. Chisholm, chimpanzee, appropriations committee of the Texas House of Representatives, as possible that would give an enormous property test cut to rich Texans. Chisholm's belief in robbing the public treasure for the good of the rich is no less ridiculous than pushing medieval ideas about science. Texas ranks last among the 50 states at what it spends on its citizens. It ranks high in the number of gun shows, air pollution emissions, and number of children without health insurance, of course Texas has the fewest number of citizens with high school diplomas, perhaps stupidity as Texas centric. It is too easy to ridicule fund these who agree with the inquisition that silence Galileo in the 1500s. It's much harder to point out that there's an underlying stupidity as responsible for most of what's wrong with this country. The US government is still writing a war of aggression in Iraq because of wolf-al-American ignorance. Most Americans need little encouragement to occupy other nations, kill people and steal our resources. They knew that Sodom was saying that no connection to the terror attacks that took place on 9, 11, 2001. Yet they were quite pleased to be done in politicians heaved the collective cyberlete when they got to go ahead from a happily clueless public. Americans stupidity will be front and said around the world stage when a Bush administration attacks Iran. Few congressional leaders have expressed complete and vocal opposition to these awful plans. They've only said that the president doesn't have the authority to wage war. Senate majority leader Harry Reid said the president does not have the authority to launch military action in Iran without first seeking congressional authorization, the current use of force resolution for Iraq doesn't give them such authorization. Reid and his colleagues haven't said that they wouldn't give them authorization only that he asked to ask for it first. If Bush makes the case to a critical mass of the intellectually challenged public or just starts bombing in their Congress to stop him, he will have the war he has long sought. It isn't very likely that Americans will get smarter anytime soon. Politicians though that appealing to their worst in stings is usually a winning formula. The corporate run immediately is not only unhelpful and lightning the public, but is in fact complicit in keeping them in the dark. The New York Times is once again leading the charge in helping the Bush administration push bogus information. This time around Iran is the book of man malayn by unnamed sources. It's deja vu all over again. Believe in American superiority and especially the superiority of white people will always win the day and will always keep the nation ignorant. It isn't surprising that politicians have both the name of baby crocket and pedal nonsense about the sun rotating around the earth after all. Leaders can only be a reflection of the people they serve. Totally that was pretty good stuff. Yeah, what? By market Kimberly. I like who it is. Mark who it is. He was who it was. Kimberly it is. No. Oh. Well, how do you like that? It goes to show more misinformation. We don't want to be given no bad information here on QAM. On your information station. What's that nice newscast coming? I still, you know, we've been on here over nine years on the station. I still can't believe that this station ever has a newscast. Break those. Yeah. Break this. Here's the pool again. I like this pool. There's nothing wrong with it. All of 16 points is for something they hated. They hated. We hate it. I wish I had never gained so much weight or gotten so damn fat. Now to shape and put you like a big cow. 348. I hate this pool. I was in the middle of the night. I told you over 16. And then half percent embarrassing. I wish I never got married. 140. I wish I never moved to South Florida 131. See, I didn't vote for that. I voted for the fat thing. Because if I never moved to South Florida, I wouldn't be here with this post job sitting in my apartment to run or mind or where. Although I do have my clothes on. I've got my pants and shoes and the shirt on. Aren't you proud? No. We're sure I never chosen to be gay 29. And let me say if I had a hair anymore stupid crap on that morning or about the gay journalist. And that's why they had him hard of way thing became a big start. I'm going to exercise. They said one thing to be stupid. It's another thing to pattern the stupid people. But they'd bring it to a brand new level, you know? A brand new level. The Canadian bull morning show 7 to 10. For you see, we see that. Oh, thank you. That's the problem. I wish I had never had children. 24. Wish I never started drinking 19. Wish I hadn't come to America on my banana boat slash inner tube 19. See, I can say it. Cube. Cube. At least it's a better. Wish I never got a college at grad school 17. Got in divorce 13 started gambling 13. Started wearing religious head gear or got another one 10. 10. Get skis out there. And you people make your kids where there's beanie's to school man. I just want to scream at those parents. Don't you? Those are beanie babies. Are they? Voted for George W. Bushes of the eight. And you ought to be ashamed. You ought to apologize. You ought to get a megaphone. Go on stand on the street. I apologize to the civilized world of therisage of place. I wish I had never joined a military eight. Wish I never had been come down. Benick seven. See, that's going to move up there a little bit. That's creeping up. Don't do it man. No more pizza. No more pasta. No more ice cream. No more cake. No more cookies. No more pie. In other words, nothing good. I wish I had a lot of the steak. He can't that make me. Me, though. Big juicy steak. Lobster. Lobster's good. I wish I never been born six. Wish I had never taken this job through. And wish I had never been born Cuban. Hasn't got any. What kind of a bigoted nasty thing was that to put on their George? The biggest name. The biggest challenge that is this. We all rock. Oh god, New York. I've been everywhere man. I've been everywhere man. I've been like a half-mustian man. I've been everywhere. I've been a reenosting dog. Oh, fuck. I've been a son of a couple over on the West. Looks like a photo with a dog. Oh, fuck. I've been a couple over half a pound. I'm a bad old model. But we're going to doubt Carolina. They don't blow home up. And I'm a reenosting dog. I know it's a co-owner. I knew that to go. Infected. Every yard, man. In history. We're man. I'm everywhere man. We're going to doubt for you. Let the yard. We're going to doubt for you. I know it's a family in my dear man. I've been everywhere. I know it's a co-owner. I knew that to go. In the post-tiles. Today, the least. We're going to doubt for you. Infected. We've got to doubt for you. And let's never make greater lick of things. I'm everywhere man. I've been everywhere man. I've been everywhere man. I've been everywhere man. I've been everywhere man. I've been everywhere. And then we're going to watch it. You've seen the next act of workouts. We're having a party. Well, how is he? Maybe we don't see him no more. Once you're well on the talking edge, or until pop up. You know, it's about it. Call four to five with five sixty cue and know he's living proof up who what Howardini's proof And media is sick and he's not bad right they sure did number our him man They never he never quite definitely recovered from it. But nevertheless The fed secretary Robert Gates conducted a brief friend press. What is it a press briefing at the waterwind medical center Washington To announce the formation of an independent review group that will look into reports of honest acceptable on acceptable outpatient care for injured soldiers at the facility. Accordingly, we report in the Washington Post physically and psychologically damaged soldiers at Walter Reed Army Medical Center are finding it difficult to get the outpatient care they need while awaiting either discharge or return to Wack of Duty. And it's what I'm going to beat but a booth but about, okay, we really take good care of our soldiers just by some miracle they come back in one piece or alive or like, you know, whatever. That's the way it is. It's a Zyne Merchamance. Prof. 45, I think both of you, is this the last break we'll do it now and then, George, a lot of extra 12 minutes. No, no, I would do that too. No, I don't want to. I just think I got my shirt and my pants and my shoes, I don't want people think that because I get off the one o'clock today. So this little extra bonus travel time, that's all. That's why I'm with that. Nothing. You know, I remember back in the day and I was just to hear what I'm more on I am. Nothing, I got such a bad deal. Back in the day, you remember at I would see what I used to have vacation I used to take off like Thursday and Friday plus the following week. Yes, it was quite the skin. Yeah, I had a really good skin. I mean, I could do that here too because that's a one thing I will say about this business. I can't say too much good about it. I mean, it's been good to me, but that's beside the point. But the one thing I will say is that they generally speak and as long as they've got as long as the final tubes are glowing and there's something on the ear, they don't really give a crap how much time you take off. And of course, this day, you know, they carry that to an extreme. How many days a year out of the 365 days near how many days do we have like the red a hole the full staff on? I've heard a man. Maybe. You know what I mean? The morning show is everyone happens to be at the time and the big rock solid him and then the mad dog in the Humper in ADK. Very seldom is everybody on it. Now we're on today. We got the mad dog at two and then the big power hour and then the Humper from five to five and then we got how can's baseball with the amazing Joseph Gaki. Joseph Gaki sucks. Okay. And then you got the canes and e-longs. What for? E-line. Remember that song by Elton John E-line? Yeah. Paul Crabman writes, cover list green ideas. He says the factual debate about what a global warming is real or is it. He should be over the question now is what to do about it. Aside from a few dead enders on the political right, climate change skeptics, we've seen the making a seamless transition from denial to fabilism. In the past that we've directed the science, now with the scientific evidence pretty much irrefutable, it insists that it doesn't matter because any serious attempt to curb greenhouse gas emissions is politically and economically impossible. Behind this claim lies the assumption that any substantial cut energy use would require drastic change in the way we live. To be fair, some people in the conservation movement seem to share that assumption, but the assumption is false. Let me tell you about a real world counter example and advanced economy that's managed to combine rising living standards with a substantial decline in per capita energy consumption and managed to keep total carbon dioxide emissions more or less flat for two decades, even as both into economy as population were rapidly. And in the chief of all this, without fundamentally changing a lifestyle sin and automobiles and single family houses in the chief of all these things, the name of the economy, California, California. There's nothing heroic about California's energy policy, but that's precisely the point. Over the years, the state has adopted a series of conservation measures that are anything but splashes. They're the kind of dread, colorless stuff that excites only real policy wants. Yet the cumulative effect has been impressive, if still I'll show it about what we really need to do. The energy that versions between California and the rest of the West States from the 1970s, both the nation and the state initially engage in significant energy conservation after that decades energy crisis. But conservation in most of America soon stalled after a decade of rapid progress, improvements in our mileage came to an end while electricity comes to some soon continued to rise rapidly, driven by the growing size of houses, increasing use of air conditioning, and the proliferation of appliances, all of these things. In California by contrast, the state continued to push policies, designed to encourage conservation especially of electricity and these policies worked. People in California always use a little bit less energy than other Americans because of the mild climate. But the difference has grown much larger since the 70s. Today the average California uses about a third less total energy than the average American, uses less than 60% as much electricity as we're possible for a meeting only about 55% as much carbon dioxide. How did the state do it? In some cases, conservation was mandated directly through energy efficiency standards for appliances and rules governing new construction. Also regulated power companies were given new incentives to develop conservation via rule changes that decoupled their profits from the amount of electricity they sold. And yes, a variety of state actions had the effect of raising energy prices. In the early 1970s, the price of electricity in California was close to the national average today. It's about 50% higher. Incidentally, since someone is bound to mention that the California energy crisis of 2000 and 2001 has nothing to do with this story. That crisis was caused by market manipulation. We've got it on tape made possible by an ill-conceived deregulation not by conservation. Back to California's success, as the higher price of power indicates, conservation didn't come free, still it's striking how invisible California's energy policy remains. It's easy to see why New York has much lower per capita energy consumption to say Georgia. It's a matter of high-rise versus sprawl, mass transit versus driving alone. It's less obvious that Los Angeles is a much greener city than Atlanta, but it is. So as California a role model for climate policy, no one yes. Even if America's a whole had mass California's conservation efforts, we still be admitting about as much carbon dioxide and that was we were in 1990. That's too much. But California's experience shows that serious conservation is a lot less disruptive, imposes much less of a burden than the skeptics would have it. And the fact that the state government with far more limited powers than those the Washington's disposal has been able to achieve so much is a good omen for our ability to do a lot to limit climate change if and when we find the political will. That's Paul Krugman's think today. And speaking of Judge Larry, there's a scathing article that I have time for it, I guess I do in the Sun Sentinel. Wait, is this, is this the hero? I don't know why I don't, oh, it's in the hero, it's who's me. It's in the hero, I bet I'm not read it. It says Judge Larry had the gavel, but he took the wraps. The judge was presided over the end of Colzmeth hearing became part of the TV drama to the shud grin of some of his colleagues. Everywhere I judge, college snicked about his courtroom demeanor he talked to much. He was way too emotional. I want her to be buried with a sun. Legal analyst he rided his professional judgment in the end, in the end. Back home, he issued a questionable wording that left the real citizen to somebody else. Yesterday, Broward Circuit Judge Larry's side and we believe presiding over closing arguments, I'm worried to bury Anna Nicole Smith, a flamboyed woman who's job description devoted stripper, we have a TV star and playboy center full. People call the news paper, they flirted Supreme Court and Broward's chief judge to complain about him. I can't believe the judge to Alan Davis 45 who works in the mail room at the Auto Nation building across the street from the Broward County Courthouse in downtown Fort Lauderdale. He joined dozens of golfers outside yesterday waiting for the very asfaction to emerge. He's just a big drama queen, Davis said he's putting on a show, this is not about the judge and he's crying. He's crying over there despite the criticism, silent 56 56, hit up his little equation till the last day, very often talk about Camelot and Smith's admiration for Merrill and Monroe. He nicknamed witnesses, don't put lawyers about getting a drink and offer them juice and sandwiches when their blood sugar level sank. His time in the spot, light is even a few fuel speculations that he might be in line for a judge's Judy type show. At the end, he issued his ruling, he ignores the media pressure that one lawyer termed network necrophilia. She had to live all her life without attention, silent, said of Smith, I just got a week and a half and it's ready to flatten me down, he said. Few lawyers and judges, we've been former judges wanted to publicly quit a size silent, but some for this legal networks buzz with concern that the judge was giving their professionals off for a poor showing. Last week several of silence colleagues approached him with some advice, they persuaded him to move the proceedings out of his chambers into a courtroom. They convinced him it would look more judicial and professional on television and said skip Campbell, a trailer and former state senator ran for attorney general last year. It has been friends with silent for more than 30 years. Bob Birdman, Campbell represented silent in 94 lawsuit against a garage door manufacturer. He and state representative Jack Sada, a lawyer who's tried cases in front of silent, went to him with some pointers and how to handle the case and the attention. Larry Sidelin is one of the Swedish guys around Campbell said he's a judge who feels that justice should be misreusing common sense as opposed to some of the more rigid rules of the court. That may not look dignified on TV, but has his place, Sada said. Sidelin's been much of his three decades on the bench in juvenile court where his touchy feeling emotional approach was appreciated. Obviously people watching this proceeding may disagree with the style Sada said it's a different style of ways to sing on TV. He's a judge who's very thoughtful and very caring and sometimes that's not the style of judge people are used to. And maybe in this proceeding, if not the best style. Some blame that the frenzy atmosphere more on the top of nature of the case and Smith's life in death. It was disturbing to me to see all this focus and attention to a body said chrome eagles, lorry David Deel. It was really like a circus atmosphere. But Deel who once had a body custody case of his own, praise silence decision to get custody of Smith's body to Richard Nosteen, whom Sada pointed to look out for her babies in prison the case. He's just a wonderful person and has great judgment deal set of Milstein. How do you like that? We're Milstein. Not of the judge. Sada Lens critics say he failed to reign in three tables of lawyers who were happy to be appearing on live TV for days on in. Sometimes his detendency for lawyers to be very happy to be in a highly publicized case. So judge Eve Priminger for New York Probe Judge who oversaw the era's doors dukes estate as well as that of artist Andy Warhol. A judge has to fight back too. But Priminger who was now in private practice in New York also said silence getting a bad bum rat. Yes, he's a big deal with us. Yes, he shares his thought with the parties in the courts of good deals. She said, that's a style thing more than anything else. We judge his arcane and try to look elegant and important and he doesn't put that so okay. No, he's just a little bit like that. I want you to be sure you get this stuff. Well, he got into it, you know. There's nothing wrong with people get into their work, right? Like George George is going to be in his work very deeply between one and two. Because I'm gone, man. I'll show you how I'll drop getting. Yeah, but to get those thoughts. All that and now for that one to two are it's right otherwise we'll slap that. And the good news is look at what good hands you're lifting. 1164 votes. You got that 1200 votes. I'm wasted Santa. No, he was so fast. I'm glad to be a sister for you, Roger. I don't give a rat back about him. I was a lonely Harry man. My life was second-rate. And on the scale of a one that's in my naked body was a four point piece. It's so hard to be a dumb one when you got a chill around your round-tooth. I tried scissors. I tried waxing, but that pain is in the past. Now I'm just relaxed and with the feels by the blue. The convenience, simple and gentle way to make your chin at those blue. Now I've got one more obstacle into my... Research is shown. I've got the best set of all the black. My **** is going public as just you by the stock. Before I grew up, I'd be by the phone but no one called. Now the phone and won't stop ringing because my **** is nearly bold. My love of life was slow, but I can't answer for you to die of motor. Now it's gone broadband with my fingers. Sookie. She burns the incense and she lights the scones. What a real assets the mood. It's my tightly trimmed. I'm so happy. We want to thank you. My **** is it? Thank you! Thank you for the study group. Thank you for the study group. That sounded awful. It was commercial because it was. That's what we were talking about the other day when we backed into that website. Neil read the article. We were talking about the shaving. I checked out the website. One of the funniest websites you can spend some time on. The shaveeveryword.com website designed to pimp that device, the Phillips body group. Gary Sarner continues to be a bungalow. He only ever comes in here when it is either he wants something. He wants something from us or to sandbagny. Like the time the Dickensider beverage guy was in here. He came in here because he wanted to buy some spots on the Georgia filling for Neil's summer show because that's the kind of thing that we talk about. He spent the entire time and he was pitching for rail to the guy. All the guy wanted was something to go this year. When we were looking for a real sale hole, there wasn't one around. He got a Gary Sarner here. The only one around. The guy could get some quotes. He had a budget. He wanted to know what that budget was able to get for him. Gary didn't answer his question just at the whole time saying how ridiculous it was to want to advertise with me. The guy that he had heard talking about the product in the first place and that he should be on with with for rail. Because for rail causes vice-34C. That's scary. No, no, no. He just jumped up and down. Flap in his arms the whole time. You're an absolute bungalow Gary Sarner. Because he's come to find out, we had crates of these things. These Phillips body group things laying around. I could have actually scored one for free and reciprocated all this free publicity that we're getting. Instead of having to buy one, which I did. To answer your question Miguel, before we went on the air. I asked him how long ago was that? He gave me a crap. He was not like Neil. Talk about archaic, out of touch. You're a young guy. I can understand old men like Neil not understanding that hair is out. I was one of the most militant people in the world, especially a smountain men. We never heard from taking metal below the belt. And that includes chicks with braces either. Just ask my friend Harleflary about that one. Oh yeah, he's the one. He had a lot of adventures. You know, I got adventure stories. We all have our adventure stories. They all pale compared to the adventures of Harleflary. And all of the things that he got into including the braces story. We had boxes of these things and to answer your question Miguel, it wasn't for me. He didn't just want to come out and say for me. Although I might wind up using it because, uh, and as we discussed years ago with Joe Castello, who we all made fun of and it turns up that he was right. And the rest of us were wrong. Girls below a certain age, younger than say, 50, they don't want woolly bully anymore. That's out. And I made fun of Joe and everybody in intern channel was in here going, no, look at me shaking or head going. Tick. I ain't going anywhere near a crotch that's got hair on it. So, but the thing is is that it comes with attachment so that you can have a nice fade if you want. You can have the feathered David Castellido if that's something that you want to do. You just got to take some of the length off. I mean, uh, you look like Chubaca. If you don't take some of the length off, but originally it wasn't for me. We had a dilemma. We had a dilemma in the household with regards to what to remove, you know, excess with. And nobody was talking about shaving. They just wanted to, uh, we all wanted to, uh, take some of the matter off there. Get things under control. So to speak. And I did some research independently, not even knowing that there was this whole campaign going on just a few doors down in the hallway and that we actually had a fork lift loading and unloading these devices into the building and I could have scored one. But, but thanks Gary, so under thanks for nothing. All the, all the buffering that I do for him, all the pimping and, uh, you know, and advocate for, uh, for his products on his behalf that I do, you know, between him and Neil, which I get nothing out of. It's just, you know, I got to stop being nice. Would you remind me of a girl to stop being nice to people, especially people, especially people that hate me and talk, not about crap behind my back and talk about how nobody wants to advertise when I'm on the air even though their ratings are higher when I'm on the air than anybody else on the station except for Neil, but I'm not supposed to say that. Yeah, it smells like swamp gas in here because of the guys, because of the guys in the roof, the right above our head right now, pouring septic tank juice down the vents. Hey, at least I'm banging right now trying to, oh, hey, when ahead, that's, that's at least better. At least the audience can appreciate that. That's something we can all share with the audience, the sound effects, the stench of sewage gas. That's just for us. We're, we're the special ones. So anyway, so we got the, I ordered it from Amazon, the Philips body grooming. I wish that I had a, a good report, but nobody has actually, like, used it properly yet. We just kind of played around with it. So far so good though. And it, it saves in any direction, especially, like forwards and backwards, because that's the big problem. Everything's moving around down there. And if you, if you have a device that only saves in one direction, then, you know, you got to turn the device around or your hand around or some, some, how stand on your head. But this thing, if you push it, if you pull it, it's, it's doing work no matter which direction it's going and it's great. And it's got the nice, comfortable rounded edges and the plastic devices, but I haven't really gone south of it yet, if you know what I mean. Did the back some my arms? Look at this. Look at the back of my arms, they're nice. Yeah, I'll catch her. You just have, like, you know, when you're young and you, you're, you, you, you, you, you, you got all kinds of problems. And then only you balled on your head. You've got more hair growing out of your ears than Yoda. Have you noticed that? Did you know that? Going out of my ear? You had a tough chance of hair growing out of your ears. You know, he looked like a doctor's who's character. No. I mean, I know you've got enough issues. Not, not on the ears. In your ear, that's where it starts. And then, and then it just spills out of there. You can brave that stuff. How do you not see that in the mirror? Miguel, tell them and he's got giant hair. You don't even have to get close to him. You don't have to get close. I can see it from here. It's a forest in there. It's a redwood forest in there. There's old growth lumber going in there. There's a chick sitting in a tree inside Chris's ears in there. It's so hairy. So if somebody else has used this, you know, you can share your own experiences with it. I read that you know, and I am a zone. They have all these reviews that people post and I was reading reviews for a whole lot of devices and a lot of devices, even the hundred dollar ones, we're getting really poorly reviewed and saying stuff. Now here's another important feature that was important for me. It's got to be something that you can take into the shower with you. We tried other methods. Yes, I remember you talking about messy. You got to do a lot of sweeping towels, buckets of water are involved. Two person operation, people prop and their legs up on things. It's just, and there, you know, it's an logistical nightmare is what it is. But the angle of the head of this thing and the microfilm and so far, so good, I'll let you know, just stay tuned. But I just wanted to take time. No Chris is not going to borrow it after. No, or or beforehand. Good, got Almighty. What a notion. It won't fit in his ears anyway. I don't know where it'll fit and I don't want to know. Now we got, we got an hour to kill and I'm really torn because Neil doesn't get the comedy bit CDs until at the end of the week, but I have the ability. Well, he has the ability to he just wants to download some fresh ones. So here, we have the same Brittany bit done to different kinds of music because that's only anybody's talking about the Anna Nicole's carcass and Brittany's shaved head. Remember a few months ago we were talking about Brittany's shaved, yes, self. And how yucky it turned, you know, it wasn't that it was the, it was the, the Frankenstein scar right above it. The C sections could the big jagged purple glow in the dark scar right above it. No offense to all you see section ladies out there. They should put a zipper in some of you people like her. For example, did you see the latest footage before I tangent off her bag in the car window with the umbrella? Here, she was at K fed's house banging on the door wanting to be led in to see the kids. Now when you're crawling around on your hands and knees outside of his house, begging him for anything, that's rock bottom. You know how people when they drink or they do drugs, they talk about, oh, they just haven't hit rock bottom yet. Guess what honey? That's rock bottom. When you are in a prone position and a supplicant's position before Kevin freaking fed her line, there is nothing lower than that. We used to think there was nothing lower than him. Yeah, I agree. Has it become that he went from being the crazy one to being a crazy dirt bag. That beat he yeah, he's the more responsible parent. He might get custody because he's the more responsible parent. You know, he has two other children with that, uh, what's your char Jackson? Who is a cutie? But she has other children besides one that she has with his, everybody's just breathing and popping kids out all over the place. It's all the rage. Do you hear about the China story? That's been on news. We're being trying to I'm wearing the China shirt today. My friend, uh, just got back from China brought us some some souvenirs. They're all having these kids. There's a population boom in China. All the places that need to have a population boom because this is the year of the golden pig. It's good luck to be born in the year of the golden pig. It's not just the year of the pig. You know, the Chinese zodiac was by the year. But apparently there's more to it than that. It's not just the year of the pig. It's the year the golden pig for some reason. And so everybody's working feverishly. They already have been working feverishly to, um, to have a kid born this year. So big old population boom in China. Speaking of China, my friend who came back. And obviously he's a little jaded because he's whatever edifice. But here's one thing. I mean, I know that he's he's blue skying his Chinese event. But he says that in China, China is a very big country. Just like the USA is a big country. And they take flights to different cities within China from one city to another city. He says they're getting on a plane is like getting on a bus. No shoes off. No searching. No this. No that you go to the airport. You park you walk in. You get on, you know, you if you either have your ticket or you buy your ticket. The plane's supposed to go at this time. Boring now. You go. It's like getting on a bus. Well, that I'm not there. It's in there, you know. Gee, why they have issues with Muslims as well. They have a lot of Muslims there. He was telling us all about it. He got to pictures. They got, they've got provinces, especially in the Southern portions. What they have a huge Muslim population. It's I just think it's funny. When the Chinese are, you know, when they have something going on that we have to be jealous of that we have to envy. Then you know we're in trouble. Correct. Right. I thought it was supposed to be we get to make fun of them. You know, they're in the stone age and they dog and stuff like that. It's been a long time. According to him, they don't do that anymore. Not at all. They don't do it anymore. See there. He said that they weren't eating dogs anywhere where he was, but they do it in other areas and I'm thinking, well, then that's the place to go. What's the place to go in a China? What's the point? If you can't get some dog or some cat or, you know, or some opium or slave stuff with opium, which he never did bring me. 115 on all opium radio 560 QAM. He's living in the basement at his parents' place at 30 families still intact the on his face. He's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's here, he's built the he was on the catcher fan of LNBC. Correct. If I was raised on his wife's face, he's a girl stalking dirty talking to her, but man. A girl stalking dirty talking to her, but man. I want to come over and bring you pee in hot and clean in top really dirty view. I have access to my mom's country's quiet station wagon all weekend. Maybe we can take a ride? Let's take a ride. You make your kid crawl, this guy named is Bowen Ball. You're on his own leave, he's the bottle's skis, he's the girl stalking dirty talking to her, man. A girl stalking dirty talking to her, man. You want to make the movie with me? I got a great collection of porn movies, and I star in most of them, but I'm alone in it. You look so hot, you'd look great stuffed in my closet with a black apple in your mouth. A girl stalking dirty talking to her, man. A girl stalking dirty talking to her, man. A girl stalking dirty talking to her, man. A girl stalking dirty talking to her, man. Okay, you know how many votes are on the pole right now? I don't know, I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't know why, I don't know, it's just a game that he plays with himself and whatever. I wish I'd never come to South Florida. I'm dealing with this, and you hear it every morning. I crack Josh up the other morning. He ran to Miguel, just all red face, because he heard me yelling at my mom on the phone and spam. Oh, yeah, that was awesome. Most people, because I don't go a long time amongst my peer group without them having ever heard me. Speak Spanish. A lot of people forget that I actually can after a fashion speak Spanish. And here's the funny thing that you might think this is funny, or maybe, do it. I'm swimming from the smell of tar and funk and we're going to pass out workmen. What is it? Well, hazard workmen's comp hazard. Let's just, let's just, let's just smooth and pretend that this is burning my eyes. Anyway, ironically, since I don't have a good relationship with my mother, I've at least the Spanish that I speak is best when I'm speaking with her, and really the best when I'm angry and speaking with her, which is almost all the time. So we got to hear the best of the best. You got to hear the best of the best and it started out with me going, oh, my gosh! I had to fathom! Because you'll answer the funny man! It just started talking about a whole bunch of blathering nonsense that has nothing to do with the issue at hand. And the issue with hand is, some construction going on on a piece of property that she owns in North Carolina, and somehow I got to straighten out the fact that some beiner up there is doing work without a permit. Because she was told that you wouldn't need a permit by either buster, buster, buster, rooper, beetles, houses, or him or whoever, and I got to straighten it all out, but the people are so nice. Can you imagine, and I was starting to tell you this during the break? Can you imagine saying to someone down here, hey, go out to my house, and drain the septic tank, replace the filter, and send me the bill. Whatever it is, I trust you. Can you imagine saying that to someone in Florida? Yeah, no. No. But that's what I'm doing, and I have nothing but confidence that I have to do with the fact that I'm not going to break off. What? Yeah. Exactly. They're pumping someone septic tank, maybe our own, and pouring the contents into the roof, making sure that it spills into the vents that are feeding our studio right now. I'm going to swoon. So I got a letter here from Gilbert. Before I go on because I tangent it off and I never came back. You've got to be the bookmark, the tangent anchor, because I'll tangent from tangents. You've got to keep a scorecard going. I have a whole bunch of Brittany montages, Brittany going crazy montages. One is to the tune of Hadabad Day, the other one is crazy train, and the other one is let's go crazy. There's a theme. We got to feed the coach in there. All right. I like crazy train best, so we'll use that one. Speaking of crazy, here's a letter from Gilbert. Gilbert's all in the lady's and gentlemen. A bad person. Now I can't say the things that I want to say about him. There are people who have low IQ, who are mentally challenged, who are ex-bricks short of a load, however you want to put it, that are good people. There are those that suffer similarly, who are bad people and everything in between. Just because you have a low IQ, that has nothing to do with whether you're a good person or a bad person. Gilbert's all in and you are a bad person. You're a lot of other things that I could call you, but we can't say them on the air anymore. All of those bad negative words that you could call someone. That's what you are Gilbert, but here's a letter. Do your George Rodriguez spelled, and I don't even... I'm just surprised you can read that from what I can say. It looks right. I need help. There really needs to be a battery of scientists. The people that decipher the hieroglyphics. That's what else is thing that's hieroglyphics from over here. The anthropologists are geologists. The people that... Sometimes they say in-script. We need them to see what Gilbert has written. I was... I was promised the first thing my mom called. My new rodians came to the fight. I said, I'm the first day, nine years ago. And I haven't dialed. I can read. And not what's that. And not having one outdoors show for the public. I don't even know what that means. Now Rodgers, like to me, I'm the radio on WILD. 610 AM to invite me to regularly feel the thing. Take me out to the ballgame with Harry Carey. It did not happen. It is wrong. I know I was never invited to a game. Kaka-kaka-kaka. I know that new rodians had... What's that? Ben? Had a Ben laden worker? A craft that's free. When Neil Rodgers was living? But oh, had a Ben laden worker? What? What does that mean? Is that his way of saying... Is that his way of taking an ethnic shot? Yes. At someone of possibly Arabic ancestry, who might be near may not have been associated with Neil. Gilbert, so you're a big one. It's how everything else goes. What a surprise. A craft that's free. When Neil Rodgers was living and sunrise, I was listening to Wiod and I was the show. The next day after 9-11, that is why Neil Rodgers moved to Toronto. Oh, I see. Wait, 9-11, he was right here. Gilbert, you're more than just a few bricks short. You're completely bonkers. Tell me! I know that you are working with Steve Kain and Nick Lawrence at 6-WI of the Entoldio to hate me. Oh, oh, is that what happened? Nick and Steve hated me when Nick at 7-7-90-WN-WN-WN. Please turn over. You know, this is great. Never in my life. It's never in my life. I got in a letter that was on front and back, two-page letter where someone bothered to tell me to turn the page over at the bottom. Wait. He says, please turn over, but then there's more under that on the same side here. Well, maybe it's what the turn over was. Yeah, it was wrong. I was not invited to the football game. It does say supper, but I'm listening it up. Jordan Vegas is wrong that I was never invited to the game or one call. You are going to be in big time trouble with the FCC and the police. The FCC and the police are going to get your... Fanny? Fanny? They mean at this time. Jordan Vegas, you are... I mean bastard. Go to health to tell me. Pete has George. You and Neil Rogers. And half of your... Clowns at WQIM are going to be... Fired? That's yes, you are the ones. Fired on... on... Havoning? Havoning? OPEC? A-d-c office in an OPEC country. Huh? Apparently we have an OPEC office in an OPEC country. That's interesting. That must mean we got some bucks. Yeah, that's what I'm wondering. Where is it? Like what happened to my... Bons? I have... I have Bons. Tell me. Slight. Slight. From New York. Before I move down here to Florida and July 1986, Bill Clinton, the rich, and said the rich must pay OPEC... A... A... A-d-c office to get... Got busted in OPEC country. I wish there was more... More to this. Go with your crazy person. So I know... But nothing that I say will have any effect on you. Just like I know that nothing that I say will have any effect on any of the crazy people out there, whose actions are far beyond their control. It's not up to you. But here, just for your sake and just for the audience and the name of just talking out loud, just so that everybody understands the history of Gilbert Solomon and the Neil Roger show and where I fit into this... I don't... Where I don't want to. Neil Rogers had already told Gilbert to take a flying leap. Long before I became the producer of the Neil Roger show. Now, when did you first produce for Neil? 1990. And as I asked for instructions, Neil said, you know, I said, who should I put on, who should I nod? I didn't understand. Every other show did real heavy screening on a were late for break at all, you know, whatever. Every other show did really heavy screening, and I was asking Neil, what's the procedure on this show? And he said, just put everybody through. I'll let you know who not to put through as they call. Gilbert was... Along the first, if not, the first person that Neil said, that's one I don't want to hear from ever, ever again. And so, when Gilbert called every other time subsequently, and he would say this, I want to talk to Neil Rogers, he would say that, in Gilbert voice. And I would say, very simply, the same thing that I say to everyone else, that Neil doesn't want to talk to, I would say, no, and then hang up the phone. And take another call. That's how screening was done for many, many years. If I heard a voice that was someone that Neil had already told me that he didn't want to talk to anymore, I would say no, they would say something like, can I talk to Neil Rogers or something to that effect? And I would say no, I wouldn't say something to that effect. I would just say no, and hang up the phone and take another call. The calls came in continuously. So there you are Gilbert. I never did anything to you, even though you called the office and made up a whole bunch of crap saying that I was calling your house and making death threats and all this other crazy kuku bananas stuff because you are bunkers. All right, you're as nutty as a bag of mixed nuts. But I never did anything to you other than my job other than hanging up on you the way that I was told to by Neil. Neil is the one that did want you on the show anymore. Neil is the one that didn't want to talk to anymore. Neil is the one that has an issue with you. It wasn't my job to decide who Neil wanted to talk to. If I had any influence on the show in those days at all about who Neil talked to or who Neil put on the show. And remember, I want to kick remember out of the studio with the first word out of his mouth. I want to say who the hell are you and get the F out of here? Neil would spend a lot of time talking to a lot of people that I didn't particularly care for. It's none of my business. He, it's the Neil Rhyber show. He talks to whoever he wants to go. And that includes you. I understand that he used you for material for a long time there. And we're needed to want to talk to you about any more Rick and said to you for a lot of time. You know, until you wore out your welcome with there show. But there's nothing to do with me Gilbert. And in substituting for Neil Rogers, I would have possibly entertained some phone calls from Gilbert Solomon. And made a fool out of you the way that so many other people had. If not for the fact that you had, you know, that you decided to be the kind of person that you are Gilbert. So please go die and and good luck with this opact business. That's, that's bizarre. That's a good one. Thank you Gilbert. Help me kill a segment. 29 till 2 on all Gilbert Radio 560 QAM. What is up with Britney Spears, drinking to seal up from a bottle? I hope for her save that he gets the grip on herself. Britney appeared to stress and a bottle of what appears to be vomit. You know, it would be crazy things. And save the op-alibur. Alright, let's see this music. What is up with Britney Spears, drinking to seal up from a bottle? I hope for her save that he gets the grip on herself. Britney appeared to stress and a bottle of what appears to be vomit is visible in the back. She grabbed the papers and saved the op-alibur hair. She called her feet pltzlich of the hair. Britney Spears vomcitized during sang Woah. She hung her eyes back suddenly again. Btw she was just shut up with the November repeated dung gate, selling her hair over there. There's allamz. People will catch you from enough for them. Maybe they naturally didn't confess to you. She saw scribe and never threw a gun as she literally flew out of the water. She pointed me about eight months back so she requires some other stuff to Elafer and get back in the moment she came across. The greatest fears second to rehab all the time. We're going up the rail, but the greatest fears. We need to push here and screw south. So, screw this. We're going up the rail, but the greatest fears. What comes into greatest fears? Okay, she can say, right there. That's better. 22 till 2, 560 Qm, oh, so great. So great, it's Friday. Why am I sounding like a Japanese person all of a sudden? A lot of shaving going on. Look at this. I wind and mone and got me on one of these body groom kind of things. So now we can have his and hers. Not that I was really worried about the cross contamination anyway. I mean, you're already grinding groins with someone. This doesn't really matter if you share the old razor. No way I don't let my daughter use our shaving devices. Just so you know. Good, got all mighty. I got to draw the line somewhere. I'm going to get my a dremel and engrave my name in on this one or otherwise get a sharpie. Just cuts. Well, that doesn't work here. Well, that working home. No, no. When you're married, you know, it's like what's mine is yours, which yours is mine. It's it's almost like that. What's mine is hers. And what's hers is hers? And what's hers is hers. And it ends like that. So I know because we were talking about it before the show or not be well earlier in the week that white swap on money is big and crazy people. I've never I had it's been such a long time since I've heard the term high meat and they had the white swap with these people who are the self-sufficiency thing is good, but they don't believe in cooking anything. I'd never heard of it. Who could have been in high meat before? So that's what you had. It goes by people I keep reminding people yes you've heard it you saw a gray stoke. And when they're at the table, one of the guys is talking about the the fess and it's very high. It's very high, might not like it. It did a quiet taste. Okay, what's been years since I was in a mighty python the meaning of life with Mr. Creuset, the big fat guy trying to please close the hair as a very hat. I guess when I saw those as little younger. Did it show them? Yes. I'm going to hang this duck out until it gets nice and high. It goes right over all of our heads even even me for the longest time, but that's what that means. They would put the meat, the raw meat into these jars and let it rot and they thought bacteria is just good. See, don't smell the bug spray, don't smell the bug spray because the bug spray, you know, that doesn't know if you're a human or a caca roach. So it's bad for you, but bacteria is good. They didn't believe in cleaning and the woman speaking of shaving, this is what reminded me of all that. The woman had never shaved ever. And as gross as it was to see them reach into the jar of the rotting meat, I think I was more grossed out by this woman, lift in her. You saw it. We were talking about it. You looked at all of our clothes. She lifted her arm up. Oh, that one, yes. And there it was. I'm looking. And her legs, she would have gone through, I don't know how many razors it would have taken for her legs, where will she look like a sassquatch? She looked like a yettie. And after one meal at the restaurant and a shower and a little bit of soap, all of a sudden she looked good, her hair looked good. This whole family, the whole family of raw meat eating people. They had bags under the rise. They had the red-rim dies. Their guns looked like they were on the verge of bleeding. They all looked unemich. They all were spotty like they had zits and blemishes and spots everywhere. And they're trying to convince everybody, oh, no, this is a healthy lifestyle. And when the doctor is telling the husband that, no, it's not really that, oh, what studies, what studies are you referring to, what studies have been done? It's like, well, the study of common sense. The study that meat smells really good when it's cooking, that it's activating receptors in our brain, making us know that, hey, now is the time to eat it because you can smell it and it's smell it and it's cooking and it's really good. The study that cooking meat makes it more tender and easier to digest, that study. How about that if you tried that? But you know, they're all kinds. I had a lot when the kids were having the stomach aches the next day after having the first time real food. Yeah. You know, and what do we do? We're so melodramatic. They were so playing it up. QIM hello. QIM hello. Charge. Yeah. A-brow. Is this OPEC 560? It is OPEC 560. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. You'll be a fair buddy. By the way, some of them lodging is running the board today. What? I jumped in the car 20 minutes ago. I heard you reading the letter out last. I can't. Just the N part. Why? What? That retard Gilbert. Nothing. He wrote a letter. It's a bunch of rambling nonsense about Neil Rogers promised him this and promised to take him to Ridley Field to sing, take me out to the volume of Harry Kerry. Gilbert is loaded. He can go to Ridley Field right now. He could buy Freak and Ridley Field. What does that mean? He has a book. What's that thing on the website so we could see it? No, I should scan this and put it in the website. I'll read it tonight, buddy. We'll be working on a good luck. He's psyching it. I don't know. I don't know who's worse. You need a secret agent to code or ring. Ron? Ron? Yeah. Bye. QM. Hello. I'm just going to let you break all the sourcress. Hey. Hey, Josh. Was that out? Hey, horrible car. I'm coming to kill. QM. Hello. Hey. What's worse? Hey. What's worse? What's worse? I haven't listened to him here. The country, your nonsense, and talk about politics. Oh, gee. I don't know. Is that a shot? What? QM, hello. Hey, George. You were. I thought you were right. Gene Rayburn never had them. I don't know. I haven't made this. No, he didn't. So that's what we're going to get his cranks all day long. Beautiful. 17 till 2. All cranks ready. A 560 QM. Incredible. New from the makers of anorexic Mary Kate and alcoholic Lanzi comes the newest celebrity doll for your little girl to play with. It's bald Britney. That's right. The latest celebrity to wig out Britney Spears is now in doll form. Complete with a full head of hair. But not for long. The bald Britney kid comes with its own little clipper set. So you're little girl can stay in Britney's head. This life is a good show. There's also a cute little set of tattoos you're going to fix anywhere on Britney's Bear Body. And for a limited time, we'll include two baby boy dolls and a little court order taken him away from your bald Britney. Plus, as an added bonus, pull a string on Britney's cell phone. And you'll hear an empty three of Kevin Fredeline and Justin Timberlake. And she's going to be in her bald Britney doll available now at a tattoo Palmer near you. By the way, because you haven't noticed, we got nothing but bald Britney bits for the rest of the hour. Well, we just got a whole new batch. Rimes with catch. Unsurprised that you you shocked me the other day. You said dusty roads in a wrestling context. I didn't think you were that old. I mean, you looked at old, but I know that you're not. From taking a lot of shots, like there's a small logo. Because you deserve it. He did, he did do a comeback. See, that's that's from my day when former stepfather used to take me to the wrestling matches over at the Miami Beach Convention Center. Nothing. We wouldn't watch them on TV too. And in those days, I thought two things about the pro wrestling scene. I thought it was real. And I thought it was entertaining. Well, when I saw Lexa Lugher fight at either Kibis Gain or someplace like that and I saw him slash his forehead to get the idea. Yeah, I knew it wasn't all that. I was a kid, I was stupid. I wanted to displead even. I was saying stuff like, hey, you know, to the old man to the Woody. His name was when he was alive. So I'm not so sure. This is real. Oh, yeah, I'm proud of what he taught about you stupid punk. Turns out that he was wrong about almost everything. But dusty roads. When the Bionne Calbo boy, that takes me back. This audience is big all over that. That was a big scene down here, the wrestling. That old old time wrestling. What's it dusty roads and hay facts, cattle, hoon and blackjack, Mulligan and the other ladook brothers. We've had wonderful shows. Well, depends on who you ask, I guess. About reminiscing about the old days. See, Neil's not the only one that can reminisce about the old days. The good old fun pro wrestling stuff and Andre the giant. Now I never did see the, I would never at the match. And I don't even know where that was where Hulk Hogan because he talks about it. I watched the Hulk show. When he had to fight Andre the giant. He did. He picked up Andre the giant and body slandered. I don't know if I saw it if I just heard about it, but yeah, that was an amazing stuff. Of course, Hulk is a big guy himself. So it's not like, would be the same as, like, say me picking you up. I know. Hey, you'd be surprised. What kind of a herniac had the blowout doing that something like that? QA him, hello. QA him, hello. Hello. Our 60. 560. WQAM for his first radio station. What can we do for you? Yeah, that used to be Gordon's solely red. That's right. Channel's pickaxe, Mal again. You know it. No, it was blackjack, Mal again when he was a bad guy. Yeah, yeah, that was the dressing. Yeah, well, it was. Mal was the micro-cutter. Now, it was gooders. It just because, you know, we're old and we remember it. Yeah, we're too old. I mean, the stuff that's the only thing that's good about it anymore is, is all the trash talking in between the fights. That's about the only thing that's good. Kind of like a nowadays, too. Yeah, nobody compares them at Cadmack, McFlare, no code. Woo! Let's play it. Woo! Hehe. Figuring. All right, those were those are fun times. QA him, hello. Hey, George, how are you? Fine, how are you? Man, you talk to them at the old wrestling. I'm from New York. I used to go to Massachusetts to my garden with my father. I'm 23 when I was a kid. I remember Blackjack Lanzer. They were the brothers. I don't remember the, there was a whole family. Who were the brothers? They were the whole family of them. Oh, I knew the Blackjack brothers and they were Mulligan and Lanzer and they were Black leather best to kill. Yeah. Then you remember Keeche strongball? Oh, yeah. And H-Stack, how are you? H-Stack. Now, I saw, I saw a H-Stack fight live and the Ladook brothers. Never saw Andre fight live. Unfortunately, dusty roads all the time. Dusty practically lived down here. Yeah. I remember H-Stack, I remember Dusty roads with the figure 4. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. We would do that in the playground. That's how to figure 4 on you. We used to go on a show. I didn't get to get to 4 on one of those. Yeah. It worked technically, but the problem was actually doing it as the other person had to really be cooperative. There was no way to do that in any sort of a real fight. The other, it was a two-man operations right now. You put your leg here. All right. Now I'm going to put my leg over here and I'm going to twist. Yeah. Exactly. I'm going to twist her. No, no, no, no. I'm going to twist her. I'm going to twist her. No, no, no, no. I'm going to twist her. No, no, no, no. I'm going to twist her. Yeah. I remember the Mongolian stomper, too. Remember him? Yeah. That's, you know, it was always fun to hate the Arabs or people like that. I hope he's nice. Yeah. Yeah. The iron sheek, but then before him we had the Mongolian stomper. I guess he wasn't an arrow. I don't think he was Mongolian. He wasn't even a Chinese. No. The iron sheek. I remember he was parked it up with the watching. Mm-hmm. They play a vocal. No. That's right. I think the Mongolian stomper also had the brain claw attack. Somebody, let me take it. We got all these lines loaded up. The QAM who had the brain claw. QAM who had the brain claw. George. Yeah. You can't talk about old racco, without buddy coke. You don't mix pseudo. That's right. That's wrong. Who's Harry and Dorifong? That's, it's the funk brother. That's what I was thinking of. There you go, George. I saw him fight. I saw him fight. And my favorite story is running into blackjack Mulligan's navel. I was running into the bathroom. I was 12 years old running into the bathroom at the Miami Beach Convention Center. I turned a corner and ran just full foot. Just full force into somebody. And when I backed up, I realized that my face was flat up against this guy's Harry Naval. And I backed up and I looked and he was nothing in front of me, but this guy in Speedo's. And I didn't know who was. I mean, there was a giant towering guy with just a pair of Speedo's right in front of me. And I looked down and I saw cowboy boots with silver horses on him. I thought, oh no. I looked up and there was the big mustache. And it was blackjack Mulligan. And he looked down on me like like a pomeranian had just run into him or something like that. And I was just standing there shaking and he just walked around me like I didn't even exist. And I'm sitting there. Did I tell you I was on the way to the bathroom? Yeah, almost didn't make it. 6 till 2 on 560 QAM. Some are wondering, is Britney Spears crying out for help? Or is she simply trying out a new hairdo? Whatever the reason here's Tyler Sester, Tavnazi of Esther's hair studio, try to stop her. She said it might chair and wanted her hair shaved off. Every hairdo she said. And I said, I'm not doing it. Every drink you take. Every coffee break. Every chocolate cake. We're all watching you. She said, no, I really want my hair shaved off. No. Where you going, grey. Do you want to think? And I tried to talk her out of it. And she said, I'm not doing it. But I'm not doing it. And I said, maybe you're having a normal moment. And I said, maybe you're having a normal moment. You have to head, rest of it please. You catch your life so way. And I'm on the way. Now you're waiting for me. And keep it looking, grey. He's staying out, late, white, so free. And we're all watching you. We're all watching. And let me shake. Every drink you take. Every coffee break. Every chocolate cake. We're all watching you. Every drink you take. You'll be the day so great. But that's all I can. And that's the reason we can be the state. And tend to consume these stories until there's nothing left of them. Perhaps she resonates with this fact also in his saying, look, this is a dramatic symbol that I don't want to be touched. Yes, Maxor. I remember this leaper hole.