music indrusinfect nonsense now for one night only stand up comedy, 노란emas best flight is into kick angross the road, because the the upstartant and its DNA told it to uh-hey, a hat that's right, even hooking, stand up comic, he's coming off his fellow performance of the world physicist convention and he's bringing his act to you don't miss this opportunity to laugh until you twitch what do nars and channel you know haven't come on both our places no man have gone before it's steven hawking stand up comic we are all going to hell and i am flyling with us uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh all of those remissions baby it brings back bad memories of the doy Reynolds show remember those? no the judge's looking over here man well what are you what are you doing right here you're right there right here wow i think something happened to George i think he's on tape today and with the reason i've played that astrophysicist steven hawking was been confined to a wheelchair most of his adult life oh and how about that Roger Ebert that we just saw actually in the middle wow he's got uh some kind of what we got cancer with the what? throat mouth tongue head something well he ain't looking good i'll tell you that wow wow wow wow Roger Ebert that i guess his god's payback for those really crampy movie reviews isn't it? i think so and isn't it something how wow who is the L1 gene fiscal we like to lie he was a good guy yes he well he croaked years ago i mean while Roger Ebert now you see Roger probably thought he was escaping the wrath of god at the time that uh his partner died and now all of a sudden he's getting it wow the lord works in mysterious ways boys and girls just keep that in mind god works oh god in mysterious ways anyway steven hawking has been confined to wheelchair most of his adult life expects weightlessness to feel like bliss when he goes on a zero gravity flight today board a refitted jet for someone like me whose muscles don't work very well it would be bliss to be weightless talking told a opinion of you i yesterday two days two days whatever was hawking 65 was that lugarries disease will be the first person with a disability to fly on one of the flights offered by zero gravity corp a space tourism company flying from Kennedy space center caken arrow float of the jet creates the experience of microgravity and 25 second bursts of steep plunges over the Atlantic ocean normally the plane can thus tend to 15 plunges for his passengers but sounds like my experience it would by yesterday plunges i didn't lose that bad i lost but not that bad for those who are keeping track i think i had to place the quarters whatever that guy is that idiot the plane can thus i mean look if you can only afford to play nickels and pennies it just go have a good time okay it's not a it's not a question of how much you're gonna lose it's just a question of what they have a good time or not you will lose normally the plank in our 10 to 15 plunges for its passengers who pay 3750 works for the ride although that fees been way for hawking he's getting it free how do you like that love freebies on hawking strip the jet will make a single plunge other plunges will be made only after doctors nurses who are accompanying the after physicists on the ride of made sure that he's enjoying it that he's having a good time you have a good time good yes i am hot hot hot we consider having a waitlist for 25 seconds as a successful mission said Peter d and the man whatever's name is d man this chairman c o zero gravity if we do more than one fantastic unable to use his hands like your voice talking don't use his facial expressions using the muscles around his eyes i grow them mouth to communicate in other ways he's making sounds with his mouth otherwise he relies on computer talk from an a synthesized voice the computers attached to his wheelchair and losing the choose words on a computer screen via a sensor that you test motion in his cheek in this cheek spectrum he won't have his wheelchair and talking computer on the jet with him although his assistant will bring a laptop and he wants to communicate beyond facial expressions i hope it goes okay hawking said but there's always a chance things can go wrong as in oh no but anyway was post a care about that by the way you care i don't really care about Stephen Hawking at all no i don't know if i heard he was a isn't making make me insensitive or a bastard or no i don't know if he's a girl or a bottle nasty lousy piece of crap or he's a crazy dancer too who's at him yeah and me too oh speaking of people with no talent why not he's got no talent you know but he'll grant is there any debate about that or is that see one character himself we've got that one thing that we can't play but oh it's as trumpet and trumpet no is that i have been charged y'all on a day just things and except it what could happen if i get busted cruising for quim on son set bullet on pitch in that either where you said the wedding invitation for you here are been fishing for trout if all the tabloids tell the whole world that's our shot and score where you still wed me where you still bad me that why borta hall so far so good say honey i was just missing you and your english muck well like i said so far so good that was okay too but it's so boring like him he's boring he'll grant has been arrested and questioned by police in London after a photographer accused of a shaker of attacking with a tub of baked beans oh right back in the day well we could play those sounds like a great right now yeah all through the story we could be playing but i can't do that raspberries photographer Ian woodaker told the daily start to have a that he in grant forty six class new the homo the four bodies in a few little star he can't act he doesn't look good he's a jackass he is behavior is averting grotesque and on a separate other than that he's a hell of a guy he sucks woodaker said grant abused in kicked him to his day before lobbying the beans the paper printed photos of grant with a plastic cover food raised over his head grants lawyer shillings uh i see it's must be an outfit said incident taken place was now an investigation an incident had taken place a police spokeswoman who asked about the incident said a 46 year old man had been arrested when's the evening in question at the London police station after an allegation of a assault in west London he was bailed to return in he grant assaults a photographer with a tough a big beans but that keeps them paparazzi man then paparazzi it will teach them to quit screwing around all at all these idiots that they bring in all these stupid right wing politicians to tell us how wonderful things are going in our rack not to mention john McCain who had a hell of a shopping experience uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh flag jacket and his bulletproof fest and all he he's been sp- sp- sp- sp- a lot of flag they're given us a bunch of proper game demand but in the meantime they're done like flies over there were suicide car bomb attack on an Iraqi army checkpoint in northern Iraq killed ten soldiers today police said while the US military announced that a US army of the ten kernels been charged with nine offenses of putting eight in the enemy in Iraq oh just what we needed another development seven Iraqis were killed in fourteen wounded into other bomb attacks by suspected insurgents and it goes on and on and on when's day four Iraqi police officers were killed when the suicide bomb was struck a police station in ballad rules 45 miles northeast of Baghdad and it goes on I could read a whole thing with suit depressing and it's i-o-sol about the bad stuff that's happening as opposed to the really neat and nifty great stuff about the few people that are still alive you know it's like reporting the dogs that haven't gotten lost since we last talked wouldn't that be good that'd be great we could go a lot of time without it others ginger and skipping and tiny and them hiding it lost all right here's yesterday's pool and i think only we should ask to the beginning of the show you like it but i think they did because we have 1500 of votes not bad what drew you the soft florida good question boy and you're still there holy moly i was born here that's my excuse to have a 94 and my civilized lie with you three 94 work or business two two two i don't live there thank they'll got hundred ninety i guess yesterday i must have been reading them off the monitor that's why my head was cranked around the other way but not looking straight ahead so i can it's real good it's easy they'll come back real good and whip flash and stuff like that uh look to read a software to the weather 170 one to weather dummy but also we got three much else though weather my parents dragged me here and i remember that was a late last minute addition thanks to our fast food wb thanks wb lucky you're never too by the way isn't that the network that uh what's his name is on what's his name i'm willing i think so that gives me a swelling i haven't once that in a long time they still on small i don't get it my parents dragged me here 150 moving in way very respectable fifth place nice going wb certainly not the people 120 not the people oh Jesus God i escaped from Cuba Haiti it said were sixty five marriage 56 well that sounds like get q 56 marriage 56 on your radio dial probably got a better signal we got a vacation 31 commitment to a mental institution 25 the beaches only 19 the people 17 now not the people 120 and the people 17 you see the difference there you see these areism between those two numbers a lost bet 16 i can relate to that a prison sentence 16 i escaped from New York which i thought was going to and the person who i sent that in for all this is going to have a zid in people i'm not only six only six i escaped from New York probably a lot of the other New Yorkers don't feel like they escaped they felt like they were some off the service sentences i'm like that the nightlife only five because other than those four blocks in south beach there really isn't any you know what was the nightlife i don't know south beach like i just got through saying those handful of blocks the wildlife five now there's some wildlife around that time make no mistake about it i can't tell you what parts of town because then that'll get misconscrewed and a convention or trade show three we actually went up with three people who came to the town for convention trade show and they stuck around they said well this is paradise or maybe the decision to have enough return for it to go back home where we're home i'd been like you know upstate New York Geneva Dunkirk for don't you maybe depue there's wonderful places around buffalo don't ever go to buffalo by the way now somebody was telling me not too long ago that buffalo is like that the redoing it and it's becoming more cosmopolitan and it's uh i let me just put this way buffalo blows i don't care how cosmopolitan is or how many shopping joints they got or how mid the wings are or any of that stuff buffalo blows just keep that in mind okay it's not a place that civilized people on a living stop out over to hamburger's okay we're buffalo race ways were they got the buggy horses you know the buggy horses oh god you know if i had a dollar for every stupid person in the u.s you have any idea how much i could leave in my will forage or no if i had a dollar for every stupid person i would even wait i'd come down bring you everybody money or an i'd be handed out like like uh jah rocker john the rocker of her he used to hand out times on speak corner yeah a big spender yeah hand out times on speak corner is multi billionaire and would hand out diamonds thanks mister have a great day he'd be welcome here but we got more slippers on the speakers and i'm not about you but they get on my nerves they really bother me a lot i'm not so much talking about the grizzled ones who look like they you know like they can't even afford a jewellered track two or anything old like that uh i'm talking about the ones who look like you know young healthy they can get a job a lane bricks are just getting laid or doing something but no spare some change i can help me out and of course the answer is always sorry no no no no no no no no no no why don't you go back to Canada you do bastard a phone a car on the side of the road you do your teeth in the heart of fire i like you we're heading down back danger my way i'm trying to die for that you can get away i'm mining my mind in a way i don't need a day this is big as a whale when we're driving around back dead fire wreck i got me a home part that thinks about 20 so hurry up and find that out our power inside that is a visual place where Internet it gets you with us with all some exiting here under 10, 19, it's 5, 60, WQ, and happy Thursday, 2, it looks like they're going to have a word-wing QA in the schedule, such as it is, we got the Med Dog at 2, and then the power of the Med Dog in the Humper and then Hank at the Dolphin Kit, they're all going to be a Dolphin Kit, 5, 7. Am I right? They're all going to camp. Far as I do? And then we got Hurray King Hotline at 7 o'clock, any interest in that crap. And then 8 to 10, it's the NFL draft preview show. All right. It's only Thursday in the draft is on Saturday, but we got the NFL draft preview show at 8, and then 10 o'clock to 1 a.m. at Game Night, with any K. Game Night for what? What game? The... The... I guess are... The Marlowe's Arm flag. I guess he's playing time? No, they're not. They are? I don't know. I have no idea. Or I couldn't care less. Now what happened in the second game and that's Tuesday? They already played, they're there tonight. No, they played at the night, they got their buck whipped. Again? Well, they lost by five of the first game and the situation again to the... Well, second game, they were close until the fourth quarter and then Chicago started like... It was a scene to three run to start the fourth quarter. Oh, no. What are we going to do about that? So, so... So... Anyway, who cares? I've sent away a game that would dedicate. That's our award-winning line. No games today. Wow, no Marlowe's actually won a game yesterday. Let's hear it. Or your Florida Marlowe's, what do you say? Any interest? No. Oh, I'm Chris, just sent me a... My space. Chris, Chris? Yes. So you'll come at? Then yes. Correct. Well, why didn't you notice how he left that long pause like I'm a crazy person, so I learned that which I am? There's no question about that. Well, I didn't even need to agree that I sent it to you. Just to verify, just to make sure that it was you, you know, you know, the kind of Hanky Sanky Rekko's on there. And with something about Sandy Kloss getting worse, then I proved to come at right away because I saw it was from you and I figured maybe it was amusing and then again maybe. Just to be. Santa Claus is being in trouble with the Rekkers for saying, oh, oh, oh. No. No, he didn't say Nappy, oh, oh, oh, did he? Maybe he said his sleep and now he's taking a Nappy, oh. Oh, that's bad. It's good. We're talking about it. Well, okay. Well, it's taking a deep pull here. And I'll never get out of the deep. Oh, yeah. And the pull. Jeff says, also on that same my space in your face on our place, he said, you just want to let you know that your favorite boy boy toy, I'd really boy toy my ass. I'm sorry. Really quick. We'll be doing your live chat this afternoon at 5 p.m. on some ways website for one hour. I thought you thought job. What? I thought you were talking about job. We said your favorite boy toy. Oh, what are you showing up already, you fake? Goofball. I was gonna say something else. Be it with an F. Go to www.subwayfreshbuzz.com at five. And that was bad to say that. You put that. You went to all the effort to put that stupid comment in there, but the whole whole whole. That's good. No, it's not. Go to www.subwayfreshbuzz.com at five. And tell me, you love to have a pair of his pantaloonies. Now that is so disgusting, man. Hope would buy one's day three and you will know if did not Jeff. Have a good one, yeah. I have a good one. But anyway, you're like a pair of his pantaloonies. Oh, Jesus. You're gonna do that. I'm mighty. Use of his a coffee filter. Oh, like I'm gonna be sniffing his underwear. Some like that like guys. Sorry, guys that sniff panties. Oh, Jesus. God. Oh, that's our format on the rest of this. Talk about desperate. I beg your pardon. That's our format on the rest of the station. Isn't it? Sniff and panties and sniff and John Strampler. I guess so. I guess we need to tune in tomorrow to find out if Kimmy and Bo were getting any. If I have to keep hearing about how much they're getting or not getting and about the guy in the slamer, that broad came to a way you know, have her way with them. Oh, God, almighty. Who cares, okay? Jesus, God, go find her friendly sheep or something as my suggestion. Brother. Dr. Heba Kohlbe is tackling a taboo subject in the Arab world. Unlike anyone else, she's talking about sex opening on the show broadcast over the Middle East. Let's carry that instead of all that business about the Canadian Vogt Lady last night. Let's carry that. It's a big first in these parts of the world and Kohlbe, KOLSE, it's KOTB. How would you pronounce that? KOTB? Leave a little uncovered. We talk about masturbation, sex over the internet, we talk about sex and Ramadan. We talk about the wedding night, said KOTB, entitled the big talk. The show is broadcast once a week over a satellite channel from Karo Egypt. Doesn't say how big. It took the 39 year old mother three years of negotiations to get her show on the year and the main reason she succeeded is that she only talks about sex a lot of the Korean, sex between husband and wife. Everything else? Uh-uh. But even with that guideline, it's no easy sell. The promo for the big talk starts with KOTB saying, SETS, don't be afraid. Do I need to talk about sex without shame? Don't be afraid. KOLSE. KOLSE. KOLSE. And people are doing just that. They show us gaining in popularity throughout the Middle East. So much so that KOTB just saw with a new production company and plans to push the sexual envelope even further in her discussions. For the moment her main advice is for married couples have more sex. You have nowhere else to get your sexuality from your spouse? Oh, yeah. It's the only source available. So it's very important she says. And for the men she has some blunt advice, you have to have four play with your wife and you have to have sex with her frequently, not just when you want to. Like every two, three, four hours, every five minutes, every and all and then all the time, over and over again. Growing up KOTB desperately wanted to be a surgeon, but years later when she started a family and for medical school, wanted more time with her daughter. She decided to change paths. Leaving surgery felt like falling from a very high point to a low point. I thought, oh my God, I'm going to end up just doing something less exciting. I want to be productive, she said, or is that reproductive? It was while making that decision that KOTB was writing a dissertation on sexual assaults for study, she needed to discuss normal sexual behavior and suddenly realized, yeah, no idea where to start. I thought, oh my God. Oh my God. And he, a medical doctor, as a master, is working on a PhD, there's no anything about this. How do all these people I was reading know about sexuality? She started researching while wondering why her part of the world was so a verse to talking about sex, it was something KOTB wanted to change, she thought away in the Quran, a passage that discusses sex between husband and wife. The passage reads, your wives are as a tooth, land or sorely be cultivated until you wait, tooth. So approach your tooth, unless she's filled, when or how you will, but do some good act for your souls beforehand and fear Allah. Fear Allah. That verse she says makes it known that sex shouldn't just have one of the husband wants, but that the wives have rights too. I was so proud of my religion when I saw that. My religion was advanced enough to talk about women's rights and sexuality. How many years before modern science did she end? From that moment there was no turning back. It's too late to turn back now, corneed his brothers and sister was, don't you dare play it? Cool, we got her first degree in a clinical psychology in 2003. Fear made her she as her conductor, there it is. I would say 1971. So when I was here, I think 70 is 71. Maybe one doll for that. Oh wow, what is it? 72. Oh, I'll fight, who needs her. Her brother's sister role, what they say, I recall. My mama. Fear made her she earned her doctorate in human sexuality clinical psychology and pastoral counseling from Mamanides University in Florida. What's my Mamanides? I don't know what your Mamanides are. Oh, all the while her family showed steadfast support or father helped to pay for a doctor older rewell. Her husband kept pushing her to do what she loved. Oh, what a plan we're at. And shortly after getting her degree, she did opening her clinic in downtown Cairo and the beginning things were rough. It was a mess. I only had one or two patients a week. She says, but five years later, things have sure changed. Now her calendar is booked three months in advance. She has spent her work to recruit TV including the big talk several months ago. The choice by all accounts, popular all day, you wouldn't know it from walking in Cairo streets in the middle of downtown women refused to discuss the show. I asked about it. It was an expected sign of just how sensitive the topic of sexism in the Muslim world. I said, yeah, I don't know how sensitive it is before in my building here. They sure reproduce like rabbits. I'm going to tell you that. I don't want to suggest that you Muslim people out there make it a lot of babies. Maybe it's like it. A lot of a macular conception. Right. If you want to get religion, get the one with the funniest name, all you need to gain admission, it's duty, completely insane. And just like all other religions, every leaves are based on ignorance, it's tolerance, and hate. Absolutely. So, if you don't mind getting on your knees and praying to the great Goshy, you leave those who don't agree with their real wisdom, and you now with the good people, don't mind blowing up something. Here's a five-ever religion you should be. One, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, all, one, oh my God, I'm excited, do you want him to know why? Why? Because we got to the whole thing at an even audition it, during the break on Q, and we didn't have to dump it or bleach it or stop it or cut it too much, oh don't you? Oh yeah, play that, sneaky, pointed, excellent work, right? It is. Most must must must must must must, must must, must. Let's just do that the whole time. Must mustは must but my mouth. Must must must, must not be too low, like that, not easy. Do though. Look at today's pool before we move on. I've got quite a story here about that pill pop and fat ass right Wayne P. Sir, Tired Rush Limbaugh rushes magic Negro routine. Evidently he's got a song parody he's playing and it's called Braact the magic Negro which you know that's Rush for you. Okay not that he's erases to understand but nevertheless he is. 8008 votes on the pool which illegitimate use of your computer at work You most frequently guilty of huh. Visiting the arraggies dot com and voting on the pool 222. I guess that makes sense because they're voting on the pool. See what I'm saying? Checking out the news 147 hopefully on the arraggies dot com. They might check out some interesting news on there that they won't read in the weekly reader or on the certainly the fish wrap and herald. Sun Sentinel we do like though for some reason. What do we like about the Sun Sentinel? I said I said about us or whatever I don't know. I said to the reason I like the Sun Sentinel. You want me to do this? Please because it's not the hero. I say I never misused my work on my work on Peter hundred twenty six. Yeah right likely story give me a break. Surfing porn 124 those who are addicted to pornography I guess are probably surfing porn even at work and getting somewhat stimulated no nonetheless and watch sure keep your heart above the table at all times. I'm not a surfing porn at work 124 reading my personal email 90 nothing wrong with that read your personal email by the way. Playing again 33 listen to music 19 listen to music. At work. I guess you know the pens I can work you doing. I'm not looking what Josh doesn't. Josh who? Curtis? Correct. Why is everything I say with you good? I think you got the house for Josh. I love that. I think that's why you're talking about my little boy Josh and little boy this and the blue and blah blah blah blah. What is he smiling right now? I think you got a lot. He's smiling right now. Is he right there now? Yeah I'm looking at you. Josh if I was you I wouldn't get too close. He pretends he's in a Russian girlfriend years. I think he wants to be the middle man. I don't think he'd pay any attention to her. I could be wrong about that. This time you're right now. He wants to Josh sandwich is what I'm thinking. That's right. Anyway can we get paid? Listen to music 19 minutes. I thought Josh was listening to the show while we're on the air. Yeah what's the show's over. People are listening to the sports shows. You know this is the man dog and the hump or something. And in the draft preview show we got tonight today and they fell draft on. I said oh my god I think the pressure is going to be so great. I have to stay with mine all day Saturday. Oh brother. Listen to music 19. Ordering merchandise 15. Now that's good. It's good for the economy. Spread it around a little bit. What is Josh need? How is there anything you need? Now that I took care of you got that check like. We've breakfast that we got from how he's needed that. Is he still there? Hey hey hey you're counting down. I'm not going to check. I'm not going to check. And I want to talk with his mouth. But make anything else you need like from amazon.com or like from you know anything under a hundred thousand. I could use a new phone and sixty-four. He's gone. Yeah. I'm not going to get you in the process of fushing down the toilet. What an idiot. I don't know getting to make an ordering merchandise 15. Visiting my space 14. Wow. Reading a blog 13. Reading a blog while you're at work my guy. I can see dropping a blog but not reading a blog. And watching a video 5. Now we're going to that video that you sent me which I passed along by the way. Oh yeah. Special. That interview gone bad. Where was that was then? I don't sure. Oh nice. I said it to you. It's extra special. You didn't tell me you had that kind of x-rated for more reasons than one. You didn't tell me you had that kind of fun walking around the street down there. That drunken old my y'all. Yeah that's really fun. If I saw that man I'd run another hill. Who wouldn't? If they only knew watching a video 5. 815 votes. So we got a thousand left here easy. Chris has already made a contribution to our my space page with his whole whole whole. Brother that was really clever. No wonder Josh wants the job back. Now you're doing just fine Chris. Don't let him give you any crap. Okay you do just fine. No problem. I'll say well think I don't think Josh ever sent us any posting there any comments for our page. Did you ever send any stories to actually see your sister? Hey still here. Still found him. He said he's ignoring me. Well like I said screw him. He's guys with an attitude. You know. He's got the check and it's already been cashed out of the head of that. So he doesn't. He doesn't even need me now. I'm small. I got a couple months before he needs to start sucking right out of it. He what? A couple months before yeah. Oh yeah. I'll be in a real big hurry to send the next one. Let me say that right now. He's doing a fine job with those stories. And you know what else you ought to be kiss my ass because Saturday was Saturday. I was Saturday. I didn't have time. I had more important things to do. But Saturday I only say you like one story for Sunday. Am I right? Do you remember that? He does. He said yes. And I bet you when he looked at that he said to himself. Oh right. Yeah. The old fact didn't be a wonderful favor. I didn't do you know. I was down there and I forgot about it. I mean like the sort of setting when your soft floor is done. You just forget about these things. So I guess this Saturday I'll make up for about a Sunday about 500 stories. Just keep you out of trouble over the weekend. We wouldn't want you and your Russian girlfriend to give them any kind of a spat because you're you know, getting a truly good trouble on the street. That's pretty good. Yeah. So you can pick up the pieces. I screw you man. I'm going to happen. She wouldn't touch you with Josh's hand. Oh, if I got it right. I'm going to up maybe. She is Russian. Oh, here's a great call coming in 2 a.m. How'd I know that? A 15 on the pool. We'll get to a thousand real easy. They we got no pressure. It's a nice Thursday. We got the NFL draft. Phoebe showed up. Now what's going to happen after the draft on Saturday? What do we do then? I mean the rest of the station. They have the 20 hours. We kind of like coast for a while. Or what do we do? Well we get ready for a day two of the draft. What do you mean by that? Well the draft is two days Saturday and Sunday. Come on. You're making that up. Where are we going to take a look at that schedule? Saturday. Oh, look at this. Look who we have on the draft to ease already on the team. Jimmy Siffleus. Wow. And look who's working from 10 to noon on Saturday. Boy, I'm going to tell you this schedule is sore setting. But that'd be Kenny Boe or Alex. Kenny and Boe and Alex Marviz, the three of them. 10 to noon on Saturday. And look who's going to be the whole. They can tell us if they got late Friday night. And then Jimmy Siffleus mad dog in the big O.O. Who is rock solid. We'll be on noon to 6.30 with that draft stuff. And of course we got the Marlins. Got a stick through nose in there. And then we got the UN baseball on AM1360. And then 10.30. We got that show called Jocstraff. So you're ready to sniff up a storm. This. Oh. Oh. I'm going to the draft. Can't wait to come for a suggestion. If I give any cards. Those eight characters. Now I'm losing my got to one of my characters. I just want to that boy. It's part of just one of that boy. I win it. I win it. I'm out. Now my career is going to help. It's part of just one of that boy. It's part of just one of that boy. I'm so thrilled. I'm so thrilled. I'm so thrilled. I'm so thrilled. I'm so thrilled. I wonder if I can stay. I'll get on it. The city is telling you all about. I just got it on the day blue flash. What's he saying about Brady Quinn or what? By the way, they got the Calipers out and Brady talked them all. The combine and the whatever the other thing is. And it felt combine. What do you know? What those Calipers? They were pinching it. Yeah. They were pinching it in. 831 votes on our full right now. We're going to get a sight into a thousand. No problem. No Swiss key. Adam Howard on the nation rights rushes magic knee. Root team. The disgusting road test can unacceptable as usual. But rush can get away with it because he's got to support the Nazi regime. Rush Limbaugh's obviously learned nothing from the Outragean anger unleashed by down imises. Unfortunately, Nappy headed hose remark. Never wanted to shy away from unfunny humor. Limbaugh recently played a song parody on his radio show in which Al Sharpen and personator played with stereotypical gusto. Seeing the song filled with idiotic assumptions about black people. And dripping with ignorance called. Barack, the magic knee. Root. Perhaps this kind of garbage set to the tune of Path Magic Dragon as someone's cup of tea. Limbaugh does have millions of listeners and they do adore so much of what the man says. Whether he's land-footing, former president Clinton's daughter, or suggesting that Michael Day Fox is exaggerating me if he acts of his Parkinson's disease. So I don't expect his listeners to deserve him over this. What does surprise me is that Vice President Cheney, among other major conservatives, is still a regular guest at Limbaugh's show. I don't anticipate the kind of refugations that Don't I must receive over his transgression from him or anyone else on the right would be guard the Limbaugh. It is true that I'm as was tried because he was on national cable news network, and was perhaps less associated with being a provocateur than Limbaugh. But I still think Cheney and his ilk should refuse to appear on Limbaugh's show from now on. I wonder will there be any outcry? People becoming so desensitized that it's not they just don't care about the inevitable phony, apology, and or Al Sharpen protest. I'd like to see calls for Limbaugh's removal not just from the black community, but from the supporters of the president, vice president who are not racist, who don't find jokes like Barack the Magic Negro fight. But this will never ever happen. Limbaugh's entire career in success is based on being petty in juvenile, so on more stupid act will most likely change nothing. Personally, I'm just disinheard of that. So soon after the I'm as kind of aversy came in and went, the so-called shock-jocks and right wing nuts went right back to business as usual, didn't like an eye and continued to use races and who insult and humiliate. The so-called shock-jocks. Since when the hell was he ever a shock-jock? Where did that come from? Hey, I'm not sure. Yes, it would play kind of reason, made it without the editing here. We'd be gone by noon to move, by 11. We've come in here and dragged me out of this room and they come in at studio and drag both your ass off and probably just do just for good measure. So to make sure that don't get on here, no mole, no mole, dot dot dot dot dot dot. You give it to a mole, 836 on the pole, mole. Speaking of sex, a four-piece, I was just thinking of pregnant posner, okay, don't get all anything out of this Thursday. It's almost right. It's almost the end of the week, just relax. A former priest to return from a four-letter day of Catholic high school, what you talk about for any people, you think the Muslims are for any of the Catholics, you see when you repress people, they rebel man, they strike back, so if you repress in some press, there are a hundred times hurnier than they wouldn't have been otherwise, not that they wouldn't have been, but not quite so bad. But when you suppress them, you press, that's when they really wanted bad. They wanted a lot. And a priest too. A former priest to return from a four-letter day of Catholic high school, and he sent her a mid-question to about his alleged involvement in past sex abuse incidents. Oh my God. I've been retained by the schools that consultant through the end of the academic year. That was like when they kept Greg Reed or Ryder QM as a consultant after they booted his ass out the door. And then they brought him back at power for about five minutes, and then they booted his ass out the door again. He still had consulted. And he's a consultant, okay, just like this guy was. A group of St. Thomas Aquinas high school parents expressed tremendous concern about Ernest Durante 68. I wonder if he's kidding Jimmy, huh? Of Hollywood and Lutter sent yesterday the arts dice he's in mind me. The former guidance counselor has been training another school counselor on the Ministry of Administrative Administration, S-A-T, advanced placement, other exams on the campus. Advanced placement. I know what they're placing, I know where they're placing you know. I mean, back though, yeah. Probably he's majoring in altering boys. The letter one signed by the parents urged Archbishop John Favillard to remove Durante from the school. The arts dice he's in mind me, we've shown St. Thomas confirmed that the former priest has been working as a consultant saying he's present on campus only during after school hours and has had no regular contact with students. How about irregular contact with students, huh? That's probably the kind of likes best. irregular contact though. I can't tell you where. Probably around the near the rectumary. I've been periodically going back to help train a female counselor. There's no involvement with students who are ready to hold the hero. I don't counsel students, I don't talk to students unless a situation arises. I'm not something rises in the Levi's. A student could see me or ask me a question about testing. The school's never told me anybody's complaining to Rattie said, no student has ever questioned me he said. In other words, they all obey I guess. Durante had been identified in 2005, Philadelphia Grandjury, report on Catholic clergymen accused of sexually abusing children. He was not charged with any crime, but to be poor said, he sometimes watched. As a fellow pre-sexy abused a 14 year old male student in 1967 as seven of the Catholic high school in Philadelphia, he sometimes watched. You think he just stood around watching? You think maybe he was doing something, while this was going on? I can't give you any ideas what I might have been. The Grandjury reports are deridey in the college. Maybe it was just there to give it a helping hand, you think so? The Grandjury reports are deridey in the college where John Schmier, always in the looking Schmier, I would like to give a few lips and plenty of Schmier's. The Grandjury took the boys to home, they shared in Philadelphia, and the New Jersey Shore where they gave him playboy magazines, and introduced him to a teenage girl. Aha! It's spotlighted to one incident where Durante and Schmier went swimming in the deep end of a seminary pool where Schmier took off the boys' bathing suit and fondla did the de him. Talk about going off the deep end. The priest was rubbing up against the boy according to the report released in 2005 by the Philadelphia District Attorney's office. Father Durante was in the pool watching. Wow, I wonder father Durante had his frac on. And our society spokeswoman said the top church official didn't know Durante was retained as a consultant by St. Thomas, he'll be poured a ride into her tentia yesterday. This was a decision made at the school, so our society spokeswoman Mary Ross Augusta adding that she confirmed Durante's work as a consultant who say Thomas's principal Tina Jones. He's not on the grounds during the day, he's the after school hour. She said he's meeting with his replacement, he's not thinking what students said all that we know of. Our stice, he's officials hadn't seen the same Thomas' principal ever. She said Durante will let the priest of 1987 to get married. Oh my God, and was a guidance counselor at St. Thomas Aquinas for ten years before his retirement December. Told to help that he never sexually abused anyone during his long career as a Catholic school educator in Philadelphia or South Florida. I'm totally innocent Durante said. I never saw Father Schmier do anything. I never watched anything. Schmier has since been removed from the ministry. So you know what had all been made up. Durante said he reluctantly retired from St. Thomas and mid-december because he didn't want the school called the middle of a controversy. Durante asked St. Thomas to accept his request to retire due to personal reasons and the school did so by facing the Nassman on his webpage, thinking for his years of faithful service. The Nassman noted that Durante's denied these allegations stemming from his tenure as a priest in Philadelphia and that no charges were brought against him. The Miami Earth Dance, he said it knew of no sexual abuse complaints filed against Durante as a guidance counselor for the Florida Daily School adding that he cleared two background checks by the FBI and the FDLE and the Audi Addiad. He was just there and a pool. He didn't know nothing was going on. He's got bad eyesight. Wow. Now what's this pool here? Who is South Florida's most beautiful person and see me on here? I must go, members, because I'm out there. Andy and my mid-beats seems to have some what do you think? Anacornal, who are the most beautiful person and he does have a and we can't go see his son here. He's sure a lot for your and she is. Yeah. He is. Yeah. L. E. Rodriguez on Drecco Drive. Who's that? I don't know. L. E. Rodriguez. You don't watch Drecco Drive on Channel 7. You must be a communist. I must. Come and ask the prize. Jacky, you'll read a one. Univision 23. Vainty Trays, that's her mouth. Assets. Lewis, a Gary, Channel 7. Hey, Louis. I'm a Gary. Thank you. Shakira. See, what she got to do with South Florida. They didn't know most of these people lived in South Florida. I did neither. Shakira certainly is not from South Florida. Maybe a big hand. David is there. Yeah. What about Alec Baldwin? Josh Cortison's girl and Josh Cortison's. I'm most beautiful person South Florida. Thank God. I'm very, very, very, very. That is scary. I mean, you know, it's a good guy and everything else. Well, what is what all these people we got? I think it must be a vicarious to the girlfriend. You think that's what it is? Let's be. They want to get to her through him, so to speak. By the way, how's Doug doing speaking to stuff like that? You're fair, what? I don't know. We should do nothing about, you know, I don't want to go into it again. It's just too depressing. There's no point. He's not going to change. That's what's going to change. Just give me that contract to sign. Let's extend another 500 years. Keep the money coming. And the game goes on. Play ball, baby. Play ball. 852 vote, which illegitimate use of your computer or worker. You most frequently gild up. You're a gildio. You're the lily. You're the evisiting the arraggies dot coming, voting on the full 240. And of course it makes sense that to be winning because they're voting. There's the vote, see? Get it? Pretty difficult to figure that out. Checking out the news on 154. I don't believe you. I never misuse my work computer, 1303. I don't believe that at all. Surfing porn, 129, that I believe. Reading my personal email 94, that I definitely believe. Playing a game 33. That can only imagine what kind of game. Like the priest was playing there in the pool. Listen. I'm a big margot. I have a big line, but I'm not going to use it. Just listen to me, don't. Listen to me as a 21. Ordering merchandise 15. Visiting my space 14. Reading a blog 13. And watching a video 6 out of 852. If I was everybody, I'd be watching that day. We're not going to put that on our thing. Is it a soup pornographic? Yeah, it every week's been. Yeah. There was an interview gone wrong in Toronto. Lesson is big fat. We're not going to be in broad. She took it all off. They see. She's all a little older. It'll be a good interview. I'll be a little older. Watch this all day. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. What? Any questions? May 5th. Cinco, the Empire. Oh, Mexican National Holiday. Homestations are giving away 5th to 10 clues. I'm going to give away 5th to Mexico City. Oh, who are you? I'm going to give away 5th to Mexico City. That's right. We're giving away Mexico City. We're giving away 5th to Mexico City. Oh, man. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. We're going to give away 5th to Mexico City. How do you get to know somebody unless you kind of like rub up against them a little bit? They could have talked about 20, 30 minutes. U.S. Democratic lawmakers voted against it. It's a penis secretary of state. Kind of leezerize. Kind of leezerize. Kind of leezerize. It's a test of how I've got it. I'm going to straighten justification for the U.S. Invasion of Iraq in 2003. All these people this entire fascist regime should be in federal prison. Now they should be in Alkytra. This is where the ought to be. In fact, this president, especially with his Alkytra, out of the Alkytra, ought to be in Alkytra. On a party-line vote of 21 to 10, the House of Representatives over a site and government Reform Committee directed Rice to appear before the panel next month. Or else. Republicans accused them of a crecivating expedition, but Democrats said they were Rice to explain what she knew about a minister's warnings. Later proven false that Iraq had sought uranium from New Year for nuclear arms. They'd used to be Niger and before that they called it something else. There was one person in the White House who primary responsibility to get the intelligence about Iraq right and that was Secretary Rice, who was then present Bush's national security adviser, said committee chairman Henry Waxman, California Democrat, with that funky mustache and evolved head. The American public was misled about the threat posed by Iraq, and this committee is going to do its part to find out why. Waxman said this, but everybody wants to know. Isn't it? Sure, whatever you're not, I don't know. Maybe something like that. Maybe they just don't give a crap. Ain't have it in 72 votes on the full, because the way I look at it, this could be a, oh, three of that police officers in bed and killing of an elderly woman. Anybody care about that CNN does, nobody care at all. Okay. Not crooked police. We didn't, and so forth, and nobody ever heard of that. That's unacceptable. Unbelievable. Okay. I think we ought to have like a phone call in or Lood here somewhere. If we, you know, I'm not doing that line nine again. If I can just kind of flop it right off of there. Well, well, what's the plug? You know what it is? Yeah, I say it. I say it. Yeah. Yeah. That's what it is. 560, 560, pound five, 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line. You watch when this delay catches up. Man, it's going to be dynamite. See, there's line nine going. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How did I know that? Well, if you don't have to pay for it in line nine, course he's in bigger Broward. Where is he? He's going to trust me. Oh, I doubt that. He told, who would take money from that? I've heard your phrase. He's double. See how this phone is smoking now? We got a call coming. Yeah. I think it's going to be a sure one now. W2A in, hello. How to know? Speaking. John Bach. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, all right. Now he's got a fan club. Now he's got him in theaters. This is stupid as he is. Excellent. Very good sir. Very, very good. I know you can do it. W2A, hello. Hello. Yes sir. You were reading an article yesterday about what is that fruit and vegetables and things that you need to eat. I tried to get through yesterday, but I couldn't get through. Tom and man. I'm a fat cow like a couple of us down here in South Florida. I'm just going to go in the loop some way. Yeah. Here you go. And I want to know. Do you have that article on the website? So I can read it tonight. No. No. Where did I find that? MSN. MSN? Okay. I'm going to try to explain. Look at the focus you. Oh yeah. Good luck to you, pal. All right. Thank you. See. I want to look at the spell. There's me. By the way, 187 on the scale this morning. No crap yesterday because it's Neil's expensive wood buying diet. It's the most expensive diet in the world, but it works. You just go there and you sit at the machine and you try one. It doesn't do no good. You try another machine and so crap. But in the meantime, you're not eating nothing. That's certainly didn't have any ice cream or crap yesterday. I want your property for that. I'm going to get in today, you know. There's another day and a few if you just avoid. Because I'm so weak. If you avoid mentioning rocky road. Stuff like that. Or rocky itchabaria. That may be a good poll. You're watching. Which would meet Neil rather spend the day with a tub of rocky road. Or rocky itchabaria. And we could bring him back, turn back the clock. I mean, he's an ice fan. I bought his about 80 now. Steady bar. He looked like Papa bar. W2QAM hello. I'd like to take Georgia upon his. W2QAM hello. Hey, did you lie in mine, fix? W2AM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. I'll go mail. Yes sir. Okay. Just wanted to say, have before such ships with the WFF and lift the hammer with the canata gory saw. Thank you sir. What do you say? No idea. No. No. He. 879 although that was our best call of day so far I do believe I could be wrong about that. I mean the fact guy that wanted to lose weight in here about the fruits and stuff like that. We got plenty of fruits. You're fair. Here's come to Toronto man. We got nonstop fruits called up and down church tree. Baby you'll see more fruit there than in public. Trust me latte even Norman Brothers produce we put to shame. And what's the place down there in Kindle? Are you used to go all the time? Used to be a sponsor man. Not Norman Brothers. That's in a and Davy Road extension. I don't know. The fruit market, the fruit and fruit is market. I don't know about the big rooty places. Oh come on you. I thought you knew your fruit mister. Yeah. There's a Norman Brothers down there too. No that's not the one. Okay. Smarty pants. That's not the one. I don't think. Maybe that's the one. W2AM hello. I'll go here. I win. I got to grab. W2AM hello. I'm on. W2AM hello. W2AM hello. Yes sir. Did I hear the Josh in the studio today? No he's not there. What's his he heard you call he ran for the hills. You got to get rid of portally and bring Josh back please. Why you like the sound of his voice. Do you know what I'm saying? I'm not my friend. He's not it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's not. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He had a lot of news with you. He's smart. They got the hot for please. I don't know. I think he must be stunned. He must have used the Serbian statins picture of redinnist profile on there on my place in my face in your space must be 82 on the poor by the way. Yes Josh there. I want him. Yeah. Yeah. I don't quite a Chris. I already spoken for it. Not that version check but me. You know in my little boy. By long distance we're doing it by long distance. W2AM hello. No. Yes sir. Did you hear the. I didn't hear what. The misamerica page is only going to. And who carried. Why do we care about that? Because it's going to be some tasteless joke. It's going to be something really crude and rude and bad. Bad and not funny either by the way. But nevertheless. W2AM hello. Hey Neil we have to get Keith back in our good gracious. You had a great special comment last night. You know when he can drop dead is what he can do. Keith overman. He can drop dead. He may have a good idea. He can drop dead. He nails you. I don't really care what he did. You keep watching it and you can report from time to time. Like once every six months. Guys in his business who spend time going around trying to get other people fired. I don't want any part of it. He's been doing it to come to find out for three years. And finally I'm stuck as foot in his mouth along with a two in gum. And there he was. There he was. Oh you better fire him up. You know what. Keith dropped dead. Okay. Go away. He's a little bit more than 42-hour bill. He really nailed you only Annie. Great. It's the same thing as the bill Mara crap. You know. Well you agree with most of what he said and he's still a torpe and he makes me one of vomit. He makes me want to get on my hands and he's in puke. Just like this one. Hardness in order. Look who they got on there and I'm not talking about her. I'm talking about Julie Lieberman. Isn't there a pontificating. Oh my god. He's winding and pontificating. I sure hope the line is managed. Shevitz baby. And a better big kosher for Paisa. I don't know. Long time no longer. Long time. Long time. Paul. But I want to. I just read in the paper under that QAM is with the. We had an on the. The often that they get rid of the Mars. Now know you hate the sports. I mean we said we're getting rid of the Mars. You just they had it to dolphin. They're going to get rid of the Mars. Now his deal behind is you. You. Is what behind it crazy person. Oh I know that but what do you say is view will be behind it. Gilbert I think he will go. Gilbert. Yeah Gilbert done it okay. Old Popeye. W2AM. Hello. Good morning Neil. Yes sir. I just wanted to congratulate you guys on getting the dolphins back man. We don't care. We don't care. We don't care. We don't care on the show. Okay. We don't care. I'm going to get dolphin season tickets to give away but other than that I mean I don't care. You care about it. Even so. I still care. Very prestigious and very you know. Meaningless to me. This is this is for hours of I thought that we're against that stuff. We're just not interested. If I'm going to sit here and pretend to be a dolphin. I mean that it would make me the biggest phony and the biggest tip of it. I don't care about them. Other than I'd like to see them go like Owen 16 will be a nice record. But that's just my personal feeling. You know it's not going to change because we got the broadcast here on the air. And I'm not going to start singing. Miami Dolphi because that's one of the worst songs ever heard my life. Not to mention one of the worst teams but that's me. So who's the quarterback going to be? I think AJ touchy. Feelies coming back. WQAM hello. Yes sir. How much do you feel or would be good? Yes. I just didn't show you more 15 20 years ago. Your pole especially for me to tear. Yeah. Oh. I don't think I'm going to make it to the day. WQAM hello. Good morning. How are you today? Okay sir. It really angers me about this being on the sequel that we're having and I rack. What angers me the most is I know exactly what the Bush administration is doing. But they're trying to do it. To act this on. So he's on a box. It looks like the drama that perpetuated the war. I know that's what he's doing. Can you see what you can smell it? I mean it doesn't just fire up and pitch you up. What happened to him? You just appeared as phone call. I know he's still there. I think they cut your cord pal. I think they wound the eighth rise just gave him the cut the cord. They're going to be tapping on you door by the way. A couple of minutes. And if I was you I'd hit for the basement and floored out. Not too many basements. Eight ninety three on the pool. But I don't want to give you results. Because I love the guy be really poor. I do your breast or beautiful. And toy stores now. The elephant falls when daddy dearest. I'm tired of playing the game with you. I mean, the elephant falls when he's down. It's scary. You have brains. I don't give a damn that you're 12 years old. So 11 years old. We're in minutes. You want to stand me? I'm a crazy wild. You better be ready. Hey, it turned off. It's me, to me. C'mon, he was a public little bitch. Shut up! I'm a really big hero. You get it. C'mon, he gets us done. Guys, you little bastard. I'm a really cool. You're like Baldwin, daddy dearest. Songun's whole separately. Let us have a scene at five sixty-one. I'd say he needs a stungun. That's kind of laser. Wait till you hear this. All right? Secretary. You're going to be okay now. Or why you son of a son. I don't know. A floodball right there. Secretary said, Convolution norway today. A peer is to reject it. The reaction we made I amישally It also looked executive privilege as a reason for not testifying. This all took place in my role as National Security Adviser, if you said, there was a constitutional principle. There was a separation of powers that advised us to the President of the Constitutional Principle, generally not required to go and testify in Congress. Yet he dodged an outright rejection accordingly. She declined to respond when asked if she would absolutely refuse to test upon his apena for spokesman Sean McCormick said later that no final assembly made about rice appearing before the committee. Meanwhile, rice existed. She would send another letter to represent of riceman on his inquiries about the faulty Iraq, Niger, evidence used before the invasion of Iraq. I am more than happy to once in the beginning and the letter she said. She's going to send them a letter. Like the box tops. Riceman earlier remarked there was no use in exchanging any more letters yesterday. He said the committee hearing which issued the subpoena had hit a brick wall. They have run into a brick wall. You know what that's like? Sometimes you would like with people. You wouldn't do a brick wall and you just splatter all over the place. I know wait on the poor by the way. It's kind of great. And the phone is just gone dead again. And here I thought we were off and running. I thought we'd hear that right up to a clock. Didn't you? I thought so too. The way that there was building the earth. Oh wait, I'm going to say it. I wouldn't let you say it. I'd be like, I can't get a Christian. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Our goal today is, well I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I'm going to get a bunch of votes. We'll go over 1000. Probably next hour. No sweat. Our goal is to take 2000 calls. What about that draft, baby? The NFL draft this weekend. Oh, I never got to let schedule. That's the important stuff. Saturday we got, and I have no idea what that's all about. Nine to ten we got the real deal. No punches, pood, which is, you know, an unimbursed thing enough. But then 10 o'clock we got Kenny Bowen, Alex Marvaz. Alex Marvaz, all of the other sportswriters who basically own QAM now, isn't that pretty much how it works? You got our winback and Alex Marvaz. And then the do Rosenstein, the Schwarz-Wartz, Krans. Jimmy Siffle is Jim Manich and the Big O at, and the Beast at Dolphins Camp, 12 to 630, on Saturday for the big draft. Oh God. And then Sunday, 9 to 11 in the morning, it's the Big O and Alex Marvaz. Alex is just all over the place. Like I said, he owns the station. Him and I were winback. I guess they bought it behind our back. And then the Big O's solo from 11 to 11. We dump Alex at 11. Thank God. Then we got UM baseball on 13, 60 in Mark. I don't see any more draft stuff. Once we get to the 85th round, I guess nobody cares. Is that the deal Chris? Yeah, pretty much. Because you got your Marlin game and he we wind and unwind and whatever else. WQAM, hello. Yeah, what I was trying to say is, yeah, okay. We'll go say it to somebody else, schmuck. Go say it to somebody else, okay. Get lost. Get out of our universe. Go tell it on Uranus. Go tell it on the mountain. That's a good song, Peter Palmer. But you don't have that. Go tell it on the mountain. That Jesus was born, baby. Go shout it from Hilltop to Hilltop. Jesus, the infant child is born. There's the three wise men. And there's Mary in the Getschkees. WQAM, hello. I don't have it. WQAM, hello. Yes. I want to congratulate you on the QAM. We're going to say giving the dolphins. Yeah. For the dolphins, yeah. The other day you did say 301 on the area called with George. No, I did not. I said 201. You're schmuck. You're an idiot. How come you're an idiot? You can't have a boy. You're larger than your thumbnails. Yeah. Up your ass. WQAM, hello. Hi. Yes. How you doing, Neil? Okay. Listen, I don't know if you know about this, but on time, and there's going to be a large protest against George W. Bush at Miami Day, Kendall campus. Yeah. And you thought about you might be interested. When we're having a protest, he's given the commitment to see. We're going to go out to protest for him another day. All right. Have a good day. Okay. See, I guess I could be really enthusiastic about that. Well, what's that for to accomplish? I don't want to sound like defeat is to anything like that. Is that going to accomplish anything? No. I don't know. I'm going to grow a real pair of balls. No. Of course not. Well, we have another non-binding vote. Yeah, non-binding my ass. Okay. I got something binding for it. I think about 42 pounds of provolone man. That'll do it. Provalone and Mark Marceca Pollen. Is that the cheese that they mean? What do they make with Marceca Pollen? I think that's what it means. I think that's what it means. All right. Now, I'll take it right now. Tour on Masu. Oh really? Yeah, with Marceca Pollen cheese. Mmm. Well, I sure like my tour on Masu if it's good. That was a nice knock. Nice and firm. Mm-hmm. W2. QAM hello. Oh. If my him? W2. Hello. I need his medicine. W2. Yeah, I'd like to play with you at the back of him. W2. Hello. Hello. QAM. You can do it. Hello. Hello. You disgusting old queen. Get off the air. No. No. W2 QAM hello. Yeah, yeah. Yes, sir. It's what he's wearing, but are you doing? Okay, what are you? Um, Masu is a great place to go to see a hockey game. Masu loves socks. Okay. The savers are great. They kicked the ass last night. Like I predicted they were the ranges you're going to lose in forestry. But Buffalo blows and you know it. If Buffalo was so good, how come you're in Florida all these years? Woody. Um, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well. Buffalo blows Woody come out with all the respect you're good guys. Well, I'd better it's good for hockey games. Yeah. And. And. Buffalo blows. Oh. Oh, so to the. Bill. Anyway. But. But. Yeah. They say. Yeah, they say. I mean, he's the same or even you have no material. What do you want me to tell you must be something in the air down there today? Nobody's the animal. Nobody in the air. I can't understand it. But I just try to watch as much hockey as I can. I'll show you the audiences to hear that. Okay, what are you going to hear, Cuckoo? Get out of here. He tries to watch as much hockey as he can. And you think the audience cares about that? But what? What? Oh, there's Wayne Redden from the senators. That's what we did. He's there on one of those stupid SNHL channels. Oh, we got hockey going all the time here. How's that Leaf TV coming? Maple Leaf classics. So let's get that on. Watch our disposables. Oh, they're in a break. Once the game gets out again, we'll put it on for Woody Graber. Oh, can't remember the rest of the console roll. Bye-bye. See ya. Even though I thought I was better 15 years ago, who's glued to the radio right now, he's got crazy glue. He's sitting on the back. That's right. When he stands up, he hears me real loud. WDQAM Hello. Eric Comerot. Yeah, Eric Comerot was going to line up for the dolphins. Oh, right. There we go. I'm so glad he mentioned that because I was trying to think of that name before the show this morning. Back at IOD. There is breathless Joseph Gackie. Eric Comerot was going to line up for the dolphins. And like he was supposed to be excited about that. Did he? I mean, anybody ever hear him after that? Oh, Comerot on my ass. Always the same thing. Like Sheriff Comerot. WDQAM Hello. Yes, sir. WDQAM Hello. Hi, sir. Oh, one thing I wanted to ask. There's David T. On number 14. What is it, sir? Can we talk about an iron this a little bit? Sure. Well, a couple weeks ago, you don't get it. What is it? You have one guy complaining like her vomit gets it. Just tried and why you talk about an iron this. But her vomit gets with a frequent guest on iron this. And was actually like a buddy of his. I just wanted to let that guy who was bitching about that. And I'm this guy, Miss Alot. And I heard about him from you. And when I first, you know, I used to stay at Blake and try to watch him at six in the morning. Good work. It was awful. But I started to tape it and watch it later. And, you know, really good political discussion. He was nuts. But, you know, it's a shame. You know, what do you mean they were good political discussions? How could you understand anything he said? He mumbled for the last 15 years. Turn up the vibe. Oh, brother, should I have a bottle of water? Yeah, oh, yeah. I don't know where. When Sloth is better. You know what was great? He'd be talking to these classy people who thought they were classy, carry, whoever. And he would just like throw some up. What'd you say? Even my toe. I let him tell you something. When he was a comedian in a clown years ago, Don Amos was great. When he decided to become a political expert, Maven Kermugian, he turned this swirl. That's my opinion. I'm glad you liked it. And all that stuff. I never heard of it. I remember his records like the cheeseburger wasn't all day. Right. He never really went on the air here too much. So I wasn't sure he was on an SMDC. But you know, like, I mean, you first mentioned them. I was up one night and I'm hung over watching it. He comes on at six and we went away. We had to be hung over to watch him. Okay, have a great day, so you're putting me in a coma. Okay. He liked time. It's okay. Good. Let's hear it. He liked time. It's really good. Oh, my god. 927 votes. He will let you notice that nothing to say. That's because it's nothing to say Thursday. It's a ride. South cold, huh? Stuffing nose. That I heard it. Love you can take one leave cold inside this and feel great all day or four of these others because they can wear off every few hours. Oh, god. It's coming out of my nose. Oh, god. Look at the size of my nose. It's not only one kind of lead. God, I'm so necessilant that the spot is winter. Great down in Murak in my nose. Although we'd rather be tall and free. We keep up to next by our side. It was an hour and a half. So clever to them. And my doctor had prescribed. Though you're trying not to season. We still you're trying. It's time that you time I guess you don't. Self-enabled. I look forward to picking my nose. Just like me. It'll be a little bit of this soul. And thanks for the gathering, Mr. Fals. She's our world. She's our world. There's always something on. She's our world. We don't need no. She's been there. You apparently aren't shy about digging around in your nose. Your body is in those entirely snipe. I have a honker. But I like I think it's that big. Clarence and D with these even my worst allergen symptoms. My congestion, my sneezing, and my sinus fresh pig's not. So gross. That's gross. I know the beauty is spring. With flowers blooming, what even so? My body's composed and how they snipe. Don't seem fair to pop those pills in. After teeth and ghosts. And you live on another. Yes, still means in all the two survive. Meaning falling in power. And so face my call. And get a fact down a lot. I'm not so black. You don't know. That's been born. Excuse me, man. From my nose. Just like me. You're with me. That's been born. I'll take it your note. It's been like more. I'll say I'm boys. I'll suffer all my sins. I'll hurt you. Yeah. We know. That's been born. All of you can just come over with my life again. But for hell's. I hate to admit it. But during that entire bit, I was picking it. And my nose, too. Nothing wrong with that. Nobody won. You got to be able to have PIP man. Pick in peace. That's what I say. Especially like in your car. Don't be looking over me when I'm in my car. Maybe that's why a lot of people I've darkened windows. That's a good idea. Do you think that those dark tended windows because they're like picking and nose a lot. Or kind of. I don't want to know what else they might be doing. But certainly picking you nose. You're in total have. And see, I get all congestion because the air on the plane is always bad. And I hate that. I hate when you're like trying to clean your nostrils out. And then there's people looking at you. Oh, you look over there. Oh, you see that? There's a terrorist over there. Any other wilder. Yeah, don't look at me. I'm busy picking it. Speaking of that, and after hearing from Florida, Humbulman was furious over taxes. Governor Charlie Gaye, Chris yesterday on Vale's own property tax Car plan that eight said were to lock 12%. Off average Humbulman was built in its first year. We do star taxes by total more than $200 bucks within five years. With House Senate negotiations apparently going nowhere, Chris jumped in to try to break the deadlock. He hopped right in. He's known to do that. He sees a couple of good looking guys doing hanky, spanky, he hops right in. He sees the limbo rock going on their west land and the team room. He jumps right in. I'm two days hundreds of South Florida residents tend to hold a governor at a time. All meeting. They needed tax relief right away. Now. It's important that we continue to let the legislature do its job. Ms. Chris said yesterday, he's a police officer. He said, well, I need to go to the degree over the past. We've said come to him privately to say, we think he can help us along a little bit. The plan presented by Chris Dawson said a conference did not include the course of the plan. Pushed by his fellow Republicans in the house. The abolition of property taxes on Floridians, year-on residences, and then increases the state sales tax. And every time I read about him being Republican, makes me that much angrier because he's gay. Oh, geez. Him and Miss Foley. I've actually they've compared some notes. I've actually they know some of the same people. You know what I'm saying? I could be wrong about that, but wouldn't surprise me. They generally tend to be birds of a feather confabili together. You know what I mean? It was a fragment least, but if they've had some of the same experiences with some of the same people. 940 votes on a poll, which illegitimate use of your computer work are you talking about? 1040 votes on a poll, which illegitimate use of your computer work are you most frequently guilty of? Visiting the arraggies dot com and voting on the poll. Well, of course, that makes sense. 268 for once they make sense. And you notice by the way, since we eliminated that I hate this poll, how much pleasant your life has become? Yeah. Do you notice that? My life has become pleasant. Turf? Has it? Sure. I'm surprised you say that. Why is that? Because there's that option that's not already more for those people. I don't want to tell you because that will. Oh, yeah. Forget all that. Checking out the news online, 167. Surfing porn is moving out there. Finally, starting to admit it, 144. Who are you, kid man? It's got to be more than that. 144, my ass. I never misuse my work. Compare 138. Rye. Goody two shoes. We don't believe you. That's what it's there for. It's to misuse and abuse and like to fuse. Reading my personal email 108, playing a game 39. Listen to music 23, visiting my space 17. Ordering merchandise 16, reading a blog for 15 and watching a video 8. Watching a video of what? Whatever like that Toronto thing. Oh, interview gun bad, things like that. Well, that seemed almost like an important graphic search in the media. I mean, she sure is how it was. Oh, what a cow. This guy's one of these men on the street guys trying to interview people. What was the question again about why something? By the way, the violinism, everything. Oh, that's right. Sure, my linguism be exist in Canada. People be forces to King Russian French. I'll show a couple of regular bozo holes coming along in lava. And then here comes this big fat drunken broad. A little bit tipsy. And she starts a squeezing her gigantic over. I mean, just I have never even else see the board in Calibian Burst. And then she pulls up her her blouse. And she, whoops, it's a right out there before she is done. She's pulled it all up. And she's standing right there. Right. Make it as a jibber. I don't know what's going on on presentation. Wow. And before anybody's out there, things are going to be decided about that. If you get excited about that, I mean, you really need some serious ass systems. Believe me. I mean, oh, good, galleam is Molly. Oh, six-stray building in Istanbul. Collapses look at all these Turks running around. See that? Nope. They're all running around. Lots of stuff on the ground. They're all in baby's out of their voids. People sure reproduce like rabbits. Don't they? I'm sorry. It's true. It's like the asipsis. You know what you like so much? Yeah. And he goes, he got one in the arms. And two or three little ones gather around with a cardboard. He's trying to hold you up and pick your pocket. And then another one in the oven. Of course. It was got a bun in the oven. Good. Well, I just stayed up and go. Be so safe, it was a big mistake. Oh, now I think I have my cow disease. I ate the lab in y'all. Now my whole rain is gone. It'll be the death of me. Both minds, fun, jiform and zeppelin' up a thing. Once they've made me glad. So glad. Now I'm going mad. This takes it me for sure. It's gonna be my undoing. Too late to be a bad judge. Has me ever. I'm taking it deep. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I'm taking it deep. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I'm taking it deep. I'm taking it deep. Don't be afraid. Take it deep. You'll be dying. Take it deep. Take it deep. Take what you thought it was. Until that 16th of Lunar QM. So anyway, I just looked at very jacks, fett and jacks ass. And because I knew he must have written something this morning for that goofball to be calling in about while you're carrying it off. But I'm not the Marlins next year. So I figured it out. It was out of the bad, yeah. And it is. Very jack-ass and carc Spencer right in the, uh, anxious hero this morning. Radio shuffling it says. WQM560 which has carried the Marlins since their inception 93 won't renew its Marlins contract after this season because it often depends on the station not to, three in its pre-efficials say yesterday. Up. Before awarding Dolphins writes to WQM with the lowest completed last Friday, but often says the station to drop the Marlins act of this season. WQM agreed that request the sources said. And of course I'm sure they did so enthusiastically because they've been losing their ass on the Marlins. Waterficial said that often eventually won WQM to air a daily Dolphins show weekday evenings which would be difficult to accommodate with the Marlins on QAM. When Dolphins moved their games to 79 the ticket before the 2005 season, who did a horrendous job, by the way, on the pre-game the post game and the game broadcast, the ticket promise not to pursue rights to other teams. The Dolphins though have the requested that QM drop any teams except the Marlins. WQM wants to keep University of Miami games beyond the exploration of its contract in the spring of 2008. The Panthers have been a QM since their inception 93 are expected to be on another station next season. In other words not QAM. Good move because I'm sure we lose money on that too because there is no interest in hockey and South Florida. Unfortunately there is no interest. The team even in South Florida remains a question to me. I just have no answer for it. In fact I wonder if that old leaf game is still on another doing stupid ass interviews. What they sure got a lot of time to fill when your team doesn't make the playoffs. Trying to get to Pucks first. See Sean Avery there. It's got to get that three armouts. You see right here. Rangers going down in a forest rate baby and I was no New Yorkers going up in it a big mouth today. A lot of rangerers may ranger suck. Rangers they're like a little league team compared to the Sabers. Okay, not that I want to kiss the Woody Gravers ass. Firstly with our pony tail. Anyway the Panthers will not be on the QM next season. It says here. Seven ninety to take a presidency. Angry child is Joel Fymer. Waaaaah! Waaaaah! Said he would have interest in acquiring violence. Panthers right but as his spoken we either team. Yet there's some more money you can lose. Joel I be a great idea. The Dolphins' violence Panthers end of the QM decline. Comment through all month. This is just very jackass rambling. Okay. I just want to make sure you understand that I have nothing to do with any of that. I'm just reading it from the paper. So we're not commenting but there it is. Sabers five Rangers two last night and Anne Hime kicked the San Jose's ass for those who have any interest whatsoever. The New York Rangers early in the game. You'll see right here. What happens if bad turnover by Strockett? Oh not in Marley's crack of baby. That's why Doug McLean hated him like poisoned. Doug just got fired probably because of that. But I look like you're building me man. Looks like the Sabers. I'm going to have to have this week go into basket. Right. Let's talk about it. And look like a handle of luck right here. Just a two on those. Look at there's another one's running right there. Code leaks towards the second goal. Code leaks. How do you like that name? Sabers got some really funky names on that team. But boy they got a great team. Buffalo is great. Not the city. Just the team hockey team. I know George's a big Sabers fan. Everybody in their brothers that we were in Sabers when the Cup this year. Next year at the Apanzagames the 800 people are going to show up 300 of them. I have Sabers jerseys on because their phony is a 52 dollar bill. Phony baloney man. Bony Maroney and Phony baloney. That's South Florida. 956 votes on a pool. By 1230 will have a thousand easy. No sweat. Chris feels really good about that. He doesn't feel too good about the fact that there's not a lot of really great food coming in lately. I've no problem with it. You're getting all you need? Yeah sure. I don't know what to do about that today. Should I just not eat today? Would that be good maybe water per se? It's great as we have other employees in Gurys. We read about your bacon maybe? No no no bacon. Bacon's got the nitrates in nitrates. You're trying to kill me off again because of that. We'll think that. That's what it's all about. You're not fooling me. I know. I know people were trying to kill me. Kill them with kindness baby. Leaving behind the Catholic man's they grew up with. Many Hispanics are choosing festive charismatic worship services that embrace an individual relationship with God a new study shows. That's the one. The nation's 42 million Hispanics are also driving change in the Catholic Church, which increasingly offers spirit-filled charismatic services in Hispanic movies. According to the report released yesterday by the Pew Hispanic Center and Pew Foreman Religion and Public Life. Pew. That doesn't surprise South already. In the form part of the second largest religious group among Hispanics, Evangelical Protestants. People are seeking God through music and spontaneous prayer, not memorised recitation and said, Drahidio Sierra Christian Rock Music and a survey of pastor of witness notese as they fade. And evangelical Christian church and David. Oh my God, an evangelical Christian church and David? Holy, moly, Batman. They don't want somebody talking about what God is like. They want a relationship with God. He said, relationship with God. If you look really good, you know, like the Serbian stat in a whatever's name is. Or like my friend Farad, you didn't respond by the way, hey, Francisco, see his good buddy, Francisco, he encouraged me to like email him last night, which I did, which I don't know, he don't do that. Yeah, well, I did it. And he read it, he didn't like remove me from his thing, or anything like that. So he's obviously not angry, but he's just, he's a very, very shy gentleman. Shive fellow, see, went nothing expression to shy fellow. Yes. What can you look like that and be shy? I don't know, I guess maybe that words are all about the opinion of this. People don't want to pie to and cry to and cry to and, ah, anyway, he'll respond. George has just realized, when he's been ready, that's right. And if he doesn't, whatever, no, if he doesn't be very depressing, it'll mean I like to chase them away and kind of very agitated and aggravated. And anyway, you work on that, just go, come on, baby, you can do it. Twist his arm a little bit. You twist one arm and I'll twist the other one. How twisted? About 68% of his Spanish and US are Catholic, this study shows how unfortunate even in Jelicopa Protestants make up 15% of the population, roughly 20% of his Spanish, he's converted from one religion to another or no religion at all. Oh, hallelujah. With 70% of Congress identifying themselves as former Catholics. About eight percent of his Spanish to line in and if I would any religion, when I saw two bad, eight percent, would you say? That's saying that they're atheists or heathens, and going to burn rotting and hell like with meat on there and some other people I know, but nevertheless, it's so Florida growing numbers of evangelical Protestant and his Spanish gather everywhere from small stir front churches to multi-ministry churches offering services for immigrants and US born Hispanics alike. And increasing number of these are pedicostal churches, whose members believe in divine healing and speaking in tongues during services. Oh, and I just played that yesterday. What a shame, because I could have played a little bit of this. Wait, again. No, come on, quit being such a slacker, will you please? No, God only knows what kind of swill goes on, but I'm not here, man. So they're not saying that a lot more than 400 weeks vacation here. And it's a really good thing that in the year 25, 25, we're going to be playing a lot of tapes. It's just side of pedicotler and caustallisms rapidify our spread throughout Latin America said Luis Lugo, director of the Pew Forum on religion and public life during a telephone news conference was a Roberto Sudo of the Pew Hispanic Center, a Roberto. Well, Catholic, remember that a Roberto on QA and that list there was a little bit of a group of people that grew up on whatever happened to him. Don't know. You know, that's really bad when he had somebody who's like a really died in the little group of people who just vanished, you know, you hear from them and they're like, a Roberto, where'd you go, Roberto? I don't think I ever saw him or met him or anything like that, but nevertheless, a Roberto he vanished. While Catholic clergy recognize the appeal of pedicostalism, some of this message is a quick fix response to serious questions about faith. I know many people have left the Catholic church looking for a youth fork. Religion said they were even paid for a corset, so say, you can't even dress all church in Western, a Trailer, remember church that is 70% Hispanic. 70% Hispanic in Western. Boy, your people are just, they're everywhere, man. Gonna get the arrow to us. I'm going to pardon you. Trailer on the list, just wait. No chance. Trust me. Stop it, the board of the RCA is going to be the Canadian Mounties are going to be had in my labor, then all of them don't be about frown. I'll say, I'd like to buy a new one, baby. Just wait. No big of the money. It's better if they need to feel a, the Holy Spirit every weekend. Yeah, feel this. I know a lot of people want to feel a Holy Spirit every weekend. They want to see the ocean parting. Their faith becomes a high. But they want to see the ocean parting. But what happens to my faith when that high can't get any higher? What happens when I crash? Well we can start with the vivir Cets playing in a ton. You don't need to be smart enough. The team, you think we need to make more decisions you Todnez, you think anybody can do it? That's it. Let's sing about Jesus. Let's have something that could Christian music, baby. All you name that tune, I'll bring it up. No. Oh, happy day. I like that, but we'll play that a million times. By the everyone Hawkins' singers. Oh, happy day when Jesus was mown. And he was naked as a jabber. No, then three wise men with a frankincense mirror and what was the other one? Gold. Gold for a lot, so pedestrian. I think we're going to be able to smell. frankincincense and murk. That takes some special kind of a wise man. Holy Jesus Christ, super started. Sound like we're happy Jesus Christ, super star. And more places, even jabber and wave a Jerusalem church in West Palm Beach. 150 worshipers filled with cues every Sunday to read the Bible. Talk about faith with their pastor and sing along with the band and choir. Oh, happy day. I'm just going to be wonderful. Some day we're going to bring, we'll put doing this. Maybe the church's members, most of the Guatemalans were Catholic's according to the pastor, Rosendoganzales. They left the colorful icon filled parades of Samana Santa, typical in Guatemala for the study groups, discussions and intimate services of the West Palm Beach church. It is a lot of intimate stuff going on in Catholic churches. You can be sure that mostly having to do with altering boys. In Guatemala, Easter Week is like a pagan party. Everyone marches in the streets carrying wooden statues. They tell members Christ is in your heart not a piece of wood, so Gonzales. Ah. How do you like that? The 86 page report that details Hispanic religious trends is based on 46 and religious from August to October last year. It's fighting show how Hispanics the country's fastest growing group are bucking old traditions and changing the country's religious landscape. But where did you say you heard what I exactly what I said? They're bucking traditions, as I said. I know exactly what you're thinking and you're not going to squeeze that out of me until you're right now. Any more than you're going to warm your way into my will. That's what Chris was talking to me. I'm behind my back. I mean, I was going to warm your way into my will. You've got a child of chance in hell, Mr. I'll tell you that right now. Okay. I mean, don't take that personally unless you want to. 9.71 on the pool, which means, I don't know, on my 12.15, there are about, we'll have a thousand boats and they'll go home. And finish the show. How about if I stay? How about anyone? If I stay out like in the hallway? And? Oh. Okay. On side of the road, can you hear me? Yeah. Okay. Now what? And now I just came back home. Oh, I said I came into the studio. I was home in the first place. I mean, it sounds so stupid about coming back. I don't know what I'm talking about. I'm a little uncouher today. But then if you heard the calls, maybe you can understand. Yeah. It's going around. It's one of those things. I'm not going around and around. And Perry could he build out a tuner. No. A quarter of an ounce of sand. He was pathetic. He's dead now. A lot of people are wondering, how can you tell the difference? It's russian lately. And I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels. And listening to the new rake of an Easter hour. See, guys. From the world. And I just came back home. And I just came back home. And I just came back home. And I just came back home. And I just came back home. And I just came back home. And I just came back home. And I just came back home. And I just came back home. And I just came back home. And I just came back home. And I just came back home. And I just came back home. And I just came back home. And I just came back home. And I just came back home. And I just came back home. And I just came back home. And I just came back home. And I just came back home. And I just came back home. And I just came back home. And I just came back home. And I just came back home. And joy is finally out, he went too far, that now look taller. And God, say joy is also strong. And joy is finally out, his wiki boys give us no choice. We add the lead this to this note. He sounds like a wiki boy, he's up without a look. This luck now goes nowhere, gets up, he's through. He's through so sad and joy is finally out, pack your gel and go to hell. Say, come, you're going to lay the pot. Say, come, you're going to do the face. So say, tell me, come when will you look closer, and last night I know the kald. Say, come by theיות. As we succeeded to step my body through the fights. And so here's my chest. And I guess I'm not coming to have the round beating at me. But I've been here before, I've used my head. ocurre 60 WQM happy Thursday to it. Well I said the tension is so thinking you can cut it with a butter knife at this NFL graph come up on this weekend. Huh not exactly this one I'm thinking. Let's get a bunch of calls about that. Five six six five six five six seven maybe Eric Kommero can line up again for the dolphins. What do you think? Or Brady Quinn or Pat Quinn the mighty Quinn. Five six seven oh five sixty and pound five six and they've arrived in singular wireless lines kind of a quiet Thursday. I don't know what to do. I don't know that's there's anybody in the middle. I don't know. It seems awfully awkward quiet. Now that you mentioned it. See I told you. Nine eighty six and a full that means all I would think around next breakish time will have a thousand votes in Chris can like slump back in a chair. Have his big perfect hanging out there over the board. WQM hello. Hey buddy I don't know if you mentioned there you can be watching the big debate tonight. About what? Democrats Carolina. Democrats with whom? Chris Matthew talking politics. Oh get out of here talking on the side of his mouth politics politics. Politics you've got to say my thing. He's a power to any punch you can't even say and he's like that's retard or you're talking about no punches poodle. WQM hello. Chris Matthew show hello. You can do it. Okay I'm holding it. Yeah. You're more of a win. Yeah. Okay good. WQM hello. You're a question. Yes. Why are I die bellow self-heating? What is that mean? Oh like crimson's why do we die scream why do we call? I do it self-heating then that's a bunch of psycho-battle crap okay sound to itself hate. It's got to be with addicted okay so I say why do people who smoke cigarettes why are they self-heating because they keep smoking cancer sticks that's just stupid because we're addicted. Are you a diabetic do you call me yesterday with a diabetes crap? Oh no I did not. Well let's think of that yeah. Yeah yeah I bet it could I eat ice cream like you do like yeah I eat all the stuff on that to both of them and then you know I shopper for it I'm up on that with ketosis you know I'm I'm being right away from it. When you're all off all night with ketosis you don't go into ketosis or you're full of crap you ain't got any and it was you're talking about your ability to ketosis when you eat carbs ketosis is when you don't eat any carbs. But why am I doing all the time? That's kind of the with ketosis because you die a bed if you peel a lot me too I peel a lot okay I'm gonna do it right all over the phone right in the comment because you're called why does he peel a lot go see a doctor okay the doctor's in go find out why you got blue lips. I need you nine I'm sure the audience is really interested in you're in how often he's peeing oh my yeah talk about stupid why are we so self-heating maybe because you're stupid maybe that's why you hate yourself I don't know he toastes is to say you go into and you like eat no carbs and you're like you know anybody knows the scan can's done how's Dr Bob doing by the way she still did yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah or Dr Bob hey Bob watch it all all too late. WCWA and hello. hey nearly that's the dress I got my pants on my ankles and my king lie ready. mmm so long WCWA and hello. Yeah was it sir is that what it was I don't know what that was WCWA and hello. I still got nothing to do sorry okay 5 6 7 0 5 60 we got plenty and nothing but we got plenty of time and we got almost two hours. Now let me let me double check I think that's schedule says that the I'll go and get it during the break just to make you happy okay because I know you'll both be very pleased. I do believe next Wednesday we got a Marlon's game. That's that's not going to be so good that we don't have the Marlon's after the season. We've got our really enjoy while we got it. I'm saying for it you better enjoy while you got it. That's for you. Because next season there won't be none of this screw and off because we got a Marlon and I do believe there's one Thursday like I said before that the game is like a 12.5 which means we get off 11 30 in the morning I don't even know if it's worth a high price talent like me coming all the way in here. I slept on all the way from my bedroom in the studio at least 10 feet to a do a show for now and a half but I'll do it because I'm I'm a real trooper baby I'm a real trooper. WQA and hello. Okay sir. First time alone time I gotta tell you something the rangers are going to kick guys baby. Yeah I like last night you mean? Well well get out of here you wouldn't know our ranger if he came to your house with a loaded shotgun. Get out of here the rangers are going to kick guys baby go back to New York they wouldn't let that gun in your head he had a passport of these animistic cars come up go back to Guatemala. Are you going to hang on me? I don't go to the way up. No. Yes. I gave a question I don't know if I was misinformed. Is it true that immigrants now have to pay taxes that you need immigrants in our country? On the work that the not supposed to be doing anyways? Undocumented workers. What will you tell us? Is this little dobs doing a voice? Oh no no no no no no no no. Yeah it's little dobs doing a voice guiding her. You got your own show okay. This guy all of a sudden illegal aliens okay you're calling software to you weren't about illegal aliens? Shmuck. A lot of shmuck today man. WQA and hello. I mean how are you? Okay sir. You haven't called you for a long time but I'm ready to vent a little bit if you don't mind. Yeah I'm listening. How quick the world being the state that it is now? How does that be allowed? I don't understand. What does that mean? Well it means that you remember Bill Clinton and Picker Gates and how the guy that had to 20,000 girlfriends on the side, type in P.C. Yeah I remember you have vaguely. So then what about now? I mean what about now? What? So you're gonna grow up as my suggestion you better grow up okay and stop worrying about that go out and get yourself for 20,000 chicks and get laid and have a good time and stop worrying about all the other stuff. You're not gonna change the world. Your phone call on the legendary Neil Rogers show on QA and isn't gonna change the world. I know that comes a great shot to you but to grow up. Oh people are killing each other but that's pretty unusual. People are getting guns and shooting each other yeah. That's the world you live in sir. That's why this program is a refreshing change your pace. We tell you that you're not gonna change what are we all these bedtime stories just in cases anybody out there who gives a damn but I'm not telling you we're gonna change anything because we're not. You're not gonna change nothing. Nine idea than the pool, I guarantee when we come back after this break we'll have a thousand or Chris dies by hanging out on a flying pole. Right in front of Lou Backroacheverlay. You know they got that gigantic big flagpole up there? Mm-hmm. Nine idea in fact I wouldn't be surprised you might get off the hook right now before the break. No nine nine eight. Yeah get baby. Singing is the lowest form of communicating. You got you seen like a train going off the rail. It's embarrassing. They've been singing out of tune and they suck or turn ears on the stage. We have found the worst thing up in the world. Every night ever song gets a hammer and more out free. I don't think it's beyond the time that you have one of a whistle. Now the second tune's a natural and all the viewers who've been in start crying in the carable. It just is so good. I got some American style to say. I know it's dying. I think I'll sing something a little bit more of each thing that's our ears. I try to understand American Idol. I'm gonna choose to dance dance and dance on train. Whatever. Making me to the down country. The country of the country of the country. Well, the song is on the moon. The title country. It sucks hard. The shark is young. What kind of ears are you? We got all the times. We got country and whiskey. All right. And we got Dama. We got Dummer. It's a 1216 and 560 WC. We got a 1,9V on the pole rectum. I do like that. I'll take it. All right. WCWA. I take some McColles too. If we had him 560. I want a lot of calls between now and 2 o'clock. The good ones. I mean, yeah, we got the other ones out of the way. Now let's get the real intelligentsia in here. What do you say? Think it's over then? Yeah. 560. The people are gonna stop the problems of the world in the NFL draft and the dolphin games come back to QM and Joel Fimer being a crime. Maybe all of these things. And 560 and the Verizon and SIG get a wireless line. We pay for it. WCWA. I am, hello. Yes, sir. Good morning. I do it. Good afternoon. Good afternoon, sir. By the way, there is a, because that's a debate. It's on the Democratic side. And there are going to be there. It is going to be tonight. Great. Well, I'm real excited about that. I'll find somebody watching the movie. Okay. And by the way, have you received Thomas Salina and Hank Koper together? Thomas Salina? Yes. Yeah. Same group. Yeah. Same person. Okay. What about your head, man? See there's another intellectual. He's all worried about the big political debate on Christmas Matthews. I'm politics, then I don't care. Why would I care about that? Do you care about what? Ossama, Ominobama is the man. I'm going to donate a couple of red was campaigns a matter of fact. Just for kicks. Just for old times sake. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. I just want to let you know. Why I create a question about why you're not syndicated? Seems like you're the only funny one on the radio and on TV. We got the Marge on Stewart and maybe and probably called there. But like, how is it that it would you be so funny in that level? I think. How are you not nationwide when all these horrible radio guys are nationwide? I asked Norma Kent that question. I haven't got any idea. I haven't one real listening. But you know something I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining. You're really good about not complaining. But man, like, well, well, well, when you're saying really good about it, why should I be complaining? The kind of money that they're paying me to sit here and talk a bunch of idiots every day for four hours? Why would anybody complain? I'm sitting here in my box or shorts in my apartment in Toronto. Looking out the window on a beautiful day. No, I know you got a man. I just know how hard would it be because I'm the syndicated you. Well, because a bad career management, let's put it that way. Okay, I'll take the blame. Bad career management. Get a new agent. Yeah, I'll get a life. All these people are so worried. I'm going to just find, okay? I'm from the my way along. I'll be okay. I'll survive. I'm not messing any a hug and does. Well, I don't let me eat ice cream today. Okay. That's not good. Don't eat any ice cream today. The first thing that happens as soon as I start thinking about all that money and then think what you got money, you can go out and buy it. Even if you don't have a lot of money, you can still buy stuff that's bad for you. Like that guy that got better goof all said before. If it wants to know how many times a night he pees. We don't care about pees, okay? I'd rather have like pomegranates than pees. They're better for you. Pees are like mushi. People that can cook there always make pees. W2AM hello. I'm a boy with a snack. W2AM hello. W2AM hello. Hey, I just think to be you. Speaking. Hey, Neil, I have a couple of cook points I like to make. About. About Glenn Beck, how he was talking about the other day. About why he would show us all the shopping ahead of the guy. And why our cubes are so against the Democrats when the Republicans have really done nothing for us. Yeah. So, you know, the thing is basically, you know, they always complain all the cubes all the Democrats have done anything for them. I say, which one of the last five Republican presidents that, you know, free cuba? We're only 90 miles away. We haven't done anything. We were 7,000 miles to Iraq. And over here, we've done nothing for them. We haven't 20 miles. What are we going to free America? That's the question, sir. When are we going to free America from the shackles of fascism and oppression? That's what I would like to know. Let's freedom sing from coast to coast, from shore to shore. Let freedom sing and let the bunch of bells ring. Come on. Let's hear the bells. That's not a bell. That's a bug. Jesus, sorry. What do we can't get it right? No, I can't. I'm America. We're getting buzzed. Well, that's your own way. He must get buzzed. W2AM hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How many vacancies do we have open in the hotel? Yeah. W2AM hello. W2AM hello. W2AM hello. Yeah, I'm waiting for Neil. You're waiting for him? Oh, Neil. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. Neil, this is still some time. Hello, Neil. Okay, sir. I just wanted to check with your house. I've added a granteau and a piece of a button. W2AM hello. How the Neil? Yep. What's going on? How I got the material for you. Really? Well, I still ought to be a shock. Change of case. Let me put my underwear on a little bit. The straighter. Go ahead. I don't know if you know about the student player from Ben and Jerry's. It was pretty good. The oatmeal cookie raisin. I got this for him. It's got oatmeal. You can it's like the gob father. Have you seen that one? The gob father? That stuff blows. Hey, well, I thought maybe that would have been good. Don't be silly. I thought you said you had something for me. I don't want new ice cream. The last thing I need you're trying to kill me, sir. I don't want no ice cream. But it's better than these other guys. I don't care what it is. Stick it. Stop it. Sit on it. Take a bath in it. Take 14. Pubsillate and stick them in your rectum. Have a great time. Okay. Have a party in there. Have a party in your colon. He's rolling in his colon because he's have a party with Ben and Jerry. I mean, it's like they got a quality of the about dairy queen or something like he fight was going to be all whipped up. I got this for it. I know plenty of queens in dairy queen and he want them. That's not my territory. They will dairy queen. And we got plenty of dairy queens here. In fact, we got plenty of queens here. I do like that. I like it. Not the screaming queens. Just the regular. The book Macho queens. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. I know what you're talking about. What the hell is it? With the callous duckals and everything? There you go. Yeah. Like my friend from Colombia. He's gone. I think they deported his ass and the rest of them too. I could tell you some stories man about some people's I've met here but I'm not going to do it because I like that. Everybody got a sticker. No one's going to my business. Okay. Keep your nose out of my business. Next thing we're going to get reports from hamster Dan. What is that? Rough boys. What do you tell him? It's about those knuckles. Rough fake it's here. Mother wearing, you know. Oh yeah. I know the clones baby with the mustache and the outfits. It's like a uniform. It's like a little ball game man. It's like a uniform. Like those faggets that play football. I'm sorry. We love the doll. Yeah. Sure we do not. I'm not sure we don't care. I love the patriots and that's not going to change. Anybody that thinks it's going to change that I'm going to shield for anybody or organization is dreaming and they're going to happen between 10 and 2. Trust me. WDQAM hello. Hey what's up with me? You. Yes sir. I'm not going to do it. He's a game. Yeah. He is a game. Go away. WDQAM hello. I got one for you. Check this out. Food from a farmer's market and real real cold cottage cheese. They'll get you over this bad addiction. Happy. We want you around so we can see it's indicated and I love you. The desk they all. Food from the farmer's market. What about his family? Food from the farmer's market. I don't know. Welcome he didn't tell me. And cottage cheese. You can take your cottage cheese so you can put it in the same place with the other garden. Food is 85 flavors of energy or ice cream. Because it's good because it's good. You fact die of medical. Fag we're trying to kill you okay? That's what they're trying to do. And he's not even in my will like guy. I don't think. I'll have to check the list. 2021 votes on the poll. That's not too shabby. Our opposable tornado or tornado in a scambia county Alabama. They're not too very original because we got in the scambia county in Florida. Don't we? We sure do. And they got one possible tornado in a scambia county Alabama with a bandjavaner knee. Boy, of all the places of all the states. That's a good poll we ought to take some time. Next to Florida. I mean that would be a given. But of all the states of all the 50 states. Which would be the last one you run live in. We've never done that in heaven. That's a good one. That's a good poll. I might do that for tomorrow. We'll just list all other 49 states. Zorph Dakota. North Dakota. North Dakota. Is it like Fargo? Exactly. Get out of here. It's a huge rectangle of yellow grass or ice depending on what you're saying. Fargo. Oh, he's a little jai-kai in the funny look. Fuck it in and hold it. It's the certifiably insane. John McHae singing his way through the hearts of voters across the country. Bomb Bomb Bomb Brand. Bomb Bomb Bomb Brand. Anyway, I think the ranch is great. The ranch is a huge, a huge, a huge bear. After a certain water, I knew they were right. You know. Anyway, Bomb Bomb Bomb Brand. Bomb Bomb Bomb Bomb Brand. After a rescue vacation at the Middle East, Paradise of Iraq. He packed a bag, dad, and his cheeks. Doing bark on a big boy's tray jacket tour. Oh, it ain't nice to have. You can't even shoot his Russia. So everyone can help out on his own. Dad, as your over-word, I will have no compulsion. Did it, too? Thank you for your vote. Making it new, Dad. It's a nice to vote, but the mentally handicapped. So let the old man wear out the war hero welcome, Matt. My brain sunk down to my cheeks, where I stored nuts and many other things. When you're moved from my wallet, car keys, and even from wristwatch. And he neither crazy at all. McCain's message is clear. If you listen carefully to the voices inside his cheeks, God only knows when we're getting on a get-in. They're flying, Cameron. Come, ok, come, come, come. They're flying, they're flying, they're my cigarettes. I wonder what they were. I think they were Campbell's Marlboro's Winston's Winston taste good like a cigarette by Chewy. Newports, Salem, Salem for Gilem. 1033 on a pool of 23 are gold today is, I don't know, whatever we get to. What do you think, 118? That sounds like a winning number. What do you think Chris Lothahunder, we should be able to kick that easy, ancient stuff. Yeah, we have that. No problem. I don't want to pick like some wild numbers because today just seems to be kind of like a comatoste. I don't know, it's just very, it couldn't be me. I don't think so. Everybody seems to be like in some kind of a law law land, you understand? In fact, one of the train stops when you go from central station to from the airport to central station, the other way around it, Amsterdam is Laila, Lala land, I call it, Laila land, Ladey land. What are you, what are you smoking about? Ladey land. Chris Lothahunder, that's by the old church. WQA in Hello. On the board. WQA in Hello. Nail. Yes. Okay, sir. I'm a Pat Flungus suggestion here for you in regards to the whole way in the appetite and the whole bit. I found that if you question your earlobes or your nostrils for 10 seconds, this is part of that old acupression thing, the need or the urge that you have are craving for food, actually does go away, believe it or not. Yeah, right. No, it does. If you press your earlobe, okay, let me see. I'm just a 10 seconds. Okay. When you have the urge, can you, nine, eight, your heart? Seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Do what I'm saying. I still got the urge. What? What are you squeezing? I can't tell you. Okay, that, maybe that works. Let me try that for 10 seconds. Oh, geez, I can't even find that. No squeeze too hard now. We don't want no blood on the chair. We already had that I would do. Bloody broad. Anyway, that's a terrible thing to say. It was just nature. You know, and now what she said is, she's a woman. She's a woman. What do you expect? I know a lot of women. They also are the chair. That's great. I could be wrong about that, but I don't think most women are. Apparently, that was in 35 Ocent of Plum, you didn't show up about it. Especially in her case. WDQAM Hello. Certainly she was a bit of a gig. WDQAM Hello. Anyhow, I got a quick question on that. Catch up bottle of Heinz 57 varieties. What are the varieties of? That's a good question. I never thought about that. That's the nice one question. Let's ask Theresa Heinz, Karen. Sorry. She's got 57 varieties of booze and pills and all kinds of good drugs. I'm sure that helped to tremendous amount too during the election in 2004. The fact that he gave Schloff and Ed Inkoherd Bitschew round with him all over the place. Who looked like she just came out of a dumpster number one with all her money. And number two, who was always just on another planet. He was like partly, he at least had one leg on earth, and she was on Uranus to reach the Heinz, carry my ass. Oh, scary. Leave it to the Democrats, boy. They're probably coupled like Heinz and Manusher, somebody this time. They got Barack Obama and they got sweltering. They got John Edwards. They got all these other people. Bill Richardson and Bobby Richardson and Elliot Richardson. And all these other dead people. And they're probably coupled like, you know, Michael Dukaka again, or somebody like that. That's their specialty, do you or every day. He's coming up with a guaranteed loser. Hello, Jimmy Carter again. He's still alive. WDQ, I am, hello. Good evening. Quick answer on the Heinz 57. Roddy. What does that stand for? It's the 57 product. Originally a pipeline like catch up would be one. The interior relish. What's this year? That's the 57 represents. So, huh. Bobby said, what about bastard Robin's 32 flavors? Can we name all 32 flavors? I'm sure we can. It's in fact around 31 flavors. Breastlers was 33. Oh, I like Breastlers a lot. You know, they don't exist anywhere. They're gone with the wind and for a chilly like our home. Breastlers was good. That's probably why they're gone at white mountain place was really good too. And plantation that was good. And they've lasted about five minutes. Of course. Yeah. If it's good, it doesn't last. That's correct. Scarecines, how far to the better it is. The longer the the short of the shelf time, right? Don't get me started on corkies, man. Anyway. Very depressing. Today, today they closed the doors of corkies on 163. That's the day software to die. Well, I don't want to say I'm devoted by eight. The last night in North Miami Beach and the first night of tempered pines. When I saw they closed the one in tempered pines, I went open. Oh, they did it closed that one too. Oh, yes, sir. Oh, my God. Yeah. And my understanding is raffle out was bought out by the epic year folks. And that's going to be gone sooner or later, too. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Wow. Yes. The. The gentileification of the beaches continue to be. Oh, absolutely. Just like where the famous used to be there. I walked an avenue and I was so no speaking in glaze in that joint. Well, you know, someday I guess it'll be very easy to get corned beef with lettuce to made oil and mayo on rise. Okay, pal. It's a glacier bell. See you. Okay. Too many go in. That's what he was trying to say. I said, he let me say it. He wanted to be nice, you know. You just don't say things like that. There's too many go in because the glamour and the majority in the rest of us. We just, you know, yeah, sir. Yeah, sir. Now, what they used to say, yes, sir, I'm a fart. 144 votes. No, and I'm not a goi, either. In fact, I don't confabulate. You know, I got to have it as in people I speak to on line here. I don't fuck any Jews. I don't know that I know of. No, they're, they're, I'm, I'm thinking real quick. No, there's no Jews on there. In fact, do we have any Jews? And we only may have like one or two Jews on my space. Maybe really. Maybe it's not kosher. I got lots of Jewish friends. It is really. They're on kosher my space with a little circle you went about. Or a little FU on the bottom. Yeah, I got that for a few people. I've been in 144 votes. Which religion that you used to be a computer at work are you most frequently guilty of speaking about visiting the aradrys.com and voting on a pool 295. Good. We like that. Checking out the news, 1951. Surfing porn, 162. Excellent choice. I never misused my work computer, 1951. Reading my personal email 1117 playing a game 42. Yeah, I was playing game when I got said pinch, pinch for about 10 seconds. That's about all it took. Listen to music 24, ordering merchandise 20, visiting my space 20. The kosher one. Reading a blog 15 and watching a video, So, Tom to set the. I got a really good comment here by about Herbert Hooked on Violence New York Times. That's America for a baby. Hooked on violence. Let's kill some people. You. God. My religion better than you are. I really can better than yours. My religion better than yours. My beliefs are what's required to avoid a length of fire. My religion better than yours. Oh, oh, oh, oh. My religion better than yours. My religion better than yours. My religion better than yours. My religion better than yours. What we like about it best, type on for a book is it where the best. My religion better than yours. What religion better than yours? My religion is what the better than yours. You have no respect for women. Driver, that's too big for women. My religion better than yours. My religion better than yours. My religion better than yours. I'm a man. You're a haper, I'm a spooky ghost. We swear to take some dogs and dogs. My religion better than yours. My religion better than yours. I really can better than yours. You know why? We're a genius. And if you don't have a baby, you can better than yours. My religion better than yours. Like full rush to steal our new, but I didn't listen better than yours. My religion better than yours. We now acknowledge the father. You like full rush to steal our new, but I didn't listen better than yours. My religion better than yours. We wear ties and ride our bikes and get you married lots of wives, my religions better than yours. My religion better than yours, we live in Jen, my religion better than yours. We don't want the news are great for mindless living over eight, my religion better than yours. Okay, 1245, a QM, we got Mad Dog and the Humper going to be out of Dolphin Camp today, eating all the free food and also Mark is Jewish. He's just to just send me a thing on my space mark. He's 100% Jewish, good. 100% gay too, although he didn't mention that. We did send a beautiful picture of Brady Quinn that we know have on our common thing on our my space page. A beautiful thing. Of course, they're all beautiful. And in the picture of Brady Quinn is beautiful, but nevertheless, he's saying that often it's got a chance to draft in him Saturday or what, Chris. Yeah, there this is a chance. There it is. Yeah, yeah, there. Are you cereal? No, definitely there's. Are you sure it will win that for your feather in his camp, Brady Quinn and Florida? Well, no. He went to Notre Dame, so it is over the punishment. Bob Herbert says, hooked on violence two days after the massacre of Virginia Tech, a mentally disturbed man with a 40 caliber semi automatic hand got open fire and a house in Queens, killing his mother, his mother's, a disabled companion and disabled man's health care aid. The gunman then killed himself. 16 months ago in the basement of a private home in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston, for aspiring rappers aged 19 to 22, where similarly executed in a barrage of semi automatic gunfire, two teenagers arrested five months later and willless charges the gunman. I had coffee today, Bob Herbert says, with Mary and Wright Edelman, president of Children's Defense Fund, and she mentioned that since the murders of Robert Kennedy and the murder in Martin Luther King, June, or 1968, will over a million Americans have been killed by firearms in the USA over a million. That's more than a combined US combat deaths in all the wars in all of American history. We are losing eight children and teenagers in eight young violence. He said as far as young people are concerned, we lose the equivalent of a massacre of Virginia Tech about every four days. The first step in overcoming an addiction is to acknowledge it. Americans are addicted to violence, specifically gun violence. We've professed to be appalled at every gruesome outbreak of mass murder. It's no big deal when just two-three or four people are killed at a time. But there's no evidence that we have the will to pull the guns out of circulation. We're even to register the weapons and properly screenen and train their owners. On the day after Christmas in 2000, an employee of Edgewater technology, a private company in Wakefield, Massachusetts, showed up at work with an assault rifle in 12-gauge shotgun. Around 11 a.m. he began, again, methodically killing coworkers. He didn't stop until seven were dead. An employee ran a bit of work that day spoke, movingly to a reporter from the Boston Globe about the men and women who lost their lives. They were some of the sweetest artists people ever had the chance to work with. He said the cream of the crop. The continuing carnage is rather than least one group of public officials to action, mayors. We see the violence as happening in America today said mayor Thomas Minino of Boston. It legal guns are rampant. Go into almost any classroom in Boston, sixth and seventh grade, eighth grade high school, and 50% of these kids know somebody who had a gun. The mayor noted that since the beginning of the year more than 100 people have already been killed in Philadelphia, nearly 80 involved more. Most of the victims were shot today. Last year, mayor Minino and mayor Michael Bloomberg of New York had a meeting they hosted a Gracie Manchin organized group of mayors, committed a fighting against illegal firearms in the USA. It's time for national leadership in the war in Gun Violence, Mr. Bloomberg said at the time, and if the leadership won't come from Congress, our come from the White House then has to come from us. A campaign is grown. There were 15 mayors at that first gathering, now more than 200 mayors from cities in 46 states have signed on. When asked by mayor Bloomberg, it becomes so militant about the gun issue, John Findblatt. The city's criminal justice coordinator mentioned a human element. He said, I think it's because he's watched eight police officers get shot, and because like all mayors, he's the one who gets awakened along with a police commissioner at three and a morning and four in the morning, and has to rush to the hospital and break the news that can break some of these hard. Those who are interested in the safety and welding of children should keep in mind that only motor vehicle accidents and cancer, kill more children in the US than firearms. A study released of years ago by the Harvard School of Public Health Comparer, firearm mortality rates among youngsters five to fourteen years old in the five states, with the highest rates of gun ownership for those in the five states with lowest rates, the rates were chilling. Children in the states with the highest rates of gun ownership were sixteen times as likely a die from an external gunshot wound, nearly seven times as likely to commit suicide with the gun, and more than three times as likely to be murdered with a firearm. Only a lunatic could seriously believe that more guns in more homes is good for America's children. Only a lunatic, like John McCain for example, a lunatic crazy person. Like the NRA people. Yeah, if we just armed all the students then, fine. It just boggles the mind, but that's your American baby. That's what's all about. WQAM hello. Hey, John, turn down my rail for a sec. Sure go ahead ahead. Thanks, but. Thank you. All right. Funny how a boombird seems to be on top of the world right now with his opinions. I remember when he first got elected mayor, a lot of the New Yorkers were kind of down on a big time as a matter of fact. Yeah. How are the set-in there and take Julie on his place, and then he came in there and said, that, you know, we don't have all this money to do. Yeah. All this other stuff. And now, you can think that I make good reasoning on a lot of his discussions that everything, and people start to come to their senses. Well, last great of you, the New Yorkers. Sure is the anyway. Well, my opinion on a bomb is I know that you're kind of touting them a little bit. I'm not talking them a little bit. I'm a little bit. I'm 5 million percent behind the money like that. Well, why? What does he sure that makes you impressed with them? I'm impressed with them because he's articulate because he was against the war from the beginning. He's not a bandwagon, jumper. He's not afraid to let tell it the way he sees it. And I think he runs circles of an any of the other ones. I mean, who else is, who else have we got? Swilery? Well, I kind of like John Edwards to be honest with you. Based on what? Based on the fact his wife has got breast cancer? No, not at all. But based on what? That he's a drilling Yehul. But well, he's a guy who comes forward says that there's a lot of domestic problems that we need to address. And I'm kind of a grand with everything that we've been through lately. It would be nice to have a guy who starts taking care of our domestic problems with health care. And how do you take care of your health for all the domestic problems when all our money is going down the toilet and the rack? How do you do that, sir? Well, I agree with you exactly. But we need a guy who says that it was a woman. Well, guess what? He ate the one. Okay. He ate the one. I'm not going to listen to all this nonsense. So we need a guy. Okay. Great. Vote for him. Have a good time. Yeah. Watch him on a crossfire. Politics. Watch him on politics with quiz nine views. It tells how to start up like that. He duck. You know, you're entirely your opinion. But if you want me to sit here and let you do it like a long, song dance about John Edwards. You're just farting into the windstorm, sir. So I can tell you. Farting into a big, big windstorm. And like a horror, a horror can tornado. And he's going to say, well, you know, you're a fray. Obama says, that's why you hung up on me. Yeah, that's right. No, it's because you're not saying anything. Oh, well, you know, we take care of domestic issues. John Edwards hasn't got a clue. Okay. He didn't have a clue anywhere and provides prison. He hasn't got a clue now. He couldn't lick Barack Obama's butt. If you give him directions at road map at a compass. He still couldn't do it. He's got the charisma of a fruit flying. As a matter of fact, he couldn't even help when one's thick and stay there in the South. For John Kerry, it's kind of scary, isn't it? That's the kind of drawing power that kind of pulling power. He's got no punches, pooled, baby. He got no pulling power. 174 votes on a pool. I, we're going to make that 11 unreasony. I'm not raising the bar on that, you know what I'm saying? 1100 sounds good to me. It's good enough to me on a really dead day. Well, thanks a lot. And Marcus, the Jewish guy, and also gay. Who in his profile and O's says he's undecided. On the side of Mark, you're, uh, you're fair. Why do people do that? They put on the side of the side of the side. I don't like orientation on the side. Is that better than saying I'm a fat? I guess. Maybe they're keeping the options open. Which illegitimate use of your computer worker? Are you most frequently guilty of? That's our poll question. I don't know. This poll is okay. I don't think it's like saying. It's great. What's wrong with it? Now, what was the good one I had before? Oh, which state? Let me just write it down. It was all for get about. I got all the way to the cameras. And my pen is running out of ink. Oh, how can that be? Oh, just made a comeback. Which state would you least like to live in? Other than Florida? In fact, Florida is as much as I despise it. I mean, there are other places I would rather live less. And North Dakota would certainly be one of them. And South Dakota would be another one. And Montana would be another one. And spread it to the right. Don't want to be there. And South Carolina would be another one. And Georgia and Alabama and Mississippi and Louisiana and Oklahoma. Of course, you only saw the crappy part of Montana. Shelby. Yeah. And you don't like nature either. Well, what does that mean? I don't like nature. What would kind of an other specific outcome is the city? You know, and then there's the worst cities aren't. That's nature. I like living in the big cities. I would say that. I like being where I don't need to have a car like Oregon, Hawaii. Yeah, I'll introduce that to them. Say it. Yeah. Do you take your your joints? I'll take care of my body. And I'm sure you will. $175, which illegitimate use of your computer work or your most guilty of. Visit niaorages.com and putting on the pull 307. Every time I read this pull result, I feel like I'm, I don't know. Like I'm doing something evil. Like I said, the pull is okay, but there's just something that leaves me to limp. Maybe if I pinch for 10 seconds. You know, I won't be so limp. I'm not talking about pinching your nostrils for 12 seconds when you're painting though. That is so silly, you know? Or to put a rubber band on your wrist and snap it. No, that's not what it's like. You know, that's what it's like. Sticker bokers do. As I'm standing there in the supermarket by the half of hell in the square ice cream. No ice cream today, man. Good. Although. Checking out the news online, $193. That's what they're doing. They're checking out the news. We have this burr as you can tell by our callers. They're very into world affairs and events. Now, what's this baseball team they're showing on there? Who's this? From the country's biggest city. Where is that? And red Santiago. On Santiago. Oh, in Chile. I know, that's not where this is. That's the Santiago team. I have no idea. What's in Havana? Oh, come on Easter, come on Easter. Excuse me. Checking out the news online, surfing 4 and 16 and a very worthwhile endeavor. If you ask me, I never misuse my work computer 154 reading my personal email 1118. Playing again, 44, listening to music 25, visiting my space 22. Ordering merchandise 20, reading a blog 16 and watching a video, only 7. Hopefully, a long one that will kill half the day. Not a Tuma. It's the one that two hours. And now I hit on dancing with the stars. The first contestant to compete with an artificial limb. She's had the mills. It's great to welcome her to Larry King Lyle. Oh, thanks very much. Let's go to some calls. Black Widow, Hi-O, hello. Heather, what do you want to say to all those people who call you a gold digger? Well, that's true. It is? Yeah. Wait a minute. The good wife and mother. You married Paul McCartney just for the money. Oh, yeah. For money. You know, I certainly didn't buy for any other reasons. Palm City, Florida, hello. Hi. Heather, I didn't catch dancing with the stars this week. Did I miss anything? Oh, yes. My legs went fly enough. Oh, no. Yeah. We totally happened to me. During the competition. Yeah. A historic moment. I think it's funny. Come to a very easy one. It does. It comes off very easily. Let's look at that big moment and the reaction. Watch. And back. Five, two, three, four. And turn. Oh, yeah. And how did you overcome it? Hoping after it trying to pick it up. She's had a nose only interested in money. Yes. Yes. Yes. One, one, five, six. That's what I'm here for, baby. Keep those checks coming. Yes. Yes. Our slide George shows up every day. The big paycheck. That's like Christmas in there. For the free food and a big paycheck. Oh, yeah. Well, when you see it, we're about to bounce this out because when you have that kind of a paycheck, you need the free food. See the way it's going in and the end. We try to bounce it for you. In addition, which we don't want to give it too much free food because then you're going to go ballooning back up again to 280 and maybe over 300. And then you'll start giving the hump or run for as money. How about I give up the free food and get more of a paycheck? Well, I would talk to your supervisor about that. Yeah, I do. You're superior to that. You don't like the janitor. Anybody who's above you on the Richter scale in that place? Ten eighty five on a pool man. We're going to go zooming over 100. Like you're sitting still. I guarantee you. Just like I am. You know, I need other than that one time I went and walked out of the aruman and walked back in. I think I've been sitting here the whole three hours and two minutes. Oh, you're going to get to me. Get up. Get up. Get to get gangrene ass. Oh, yeah. Gangrene ass. Oh, brother. Nobody wants to have a green ass. Chairsource. Yeah, that would be two of them in the cheerleaders. Yeah, like that. Although I don't think quite as bloody. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound five, 60. Let me Verizon and singular wireless line. Kinesh Masmachow Josh Friedman or Randy Rhodes. Who's staying the chair worse, Brian? And when you talk about that cottage cheese. Pust that was coming. And what, what do they operation he had the estate? Is it what he had? Yes. I see. And he denied by the way that he smelled bad. That's what he used to. Is he still across the street over there, Chris? I believe so. We can only pray. All right. Now we know why. And we know why Joel so upset. He lost it often to be still about Josh Friedman. And the rumors he's going to lose to a rose. W to Q a m hello. And I struck a new two. W to Q a m hello. We want to go. Okay, I'm going to have to get a little more gravely next time. Okay. It really works well. I thought we were going to like go out with a blaze of glory on a phone here today. But it's just like I said, say, coma day. Everything is very quiet. Internet is very quiet over here. The phone is very quiet. I'm very quiet. Are that quiet today? Nope. See, I got to be whispering today. I just like that choga. He was whispering. He's talking whisper. That's the name to risk. I think that means I'm about to go nuts. There's a lot there in the street. So blowing people away. You'll see. W to Q a m hello. Hey, what kind of a artwork do you like when you're. Ha ha. W to Q a m hello. I'm going to do a thing. W to Q a m hello. W to Q a m hello. Q a m hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Have you been tracking at the hockey playoff so far? No. They've been going pretty well. They're taking them pretty exciting. And what game was that? The Jersey game over the weekend. That was really Jersey played an exciting game. What century was that in? Sir, you must be dreaming. Little lamb or L L and the New Jersey levels played an exciting game. You should live so long, sir. You wouldn't know a hockey puck if they took a package of 400 and stuff. The minute you're ill. Why you were squeezing it and you're low to. But have a nice day. Don't start with this hockey. If you want to talk hockey, I'll be out of this home phone number. And you can call up. I'll go to my store. Okay. Ask them how Jack Martin's doing there with the Panthers. Ask them I'll come there. Got no goalie for next season. That's a good question. Ask them. How come they made that worst train that has been the national hockey league? Our Roberto LaLonga was still moving along with Vancouver here. They've got an ass whip last night. He's still in the playoffs and playing great. How come they got no goalie there for the Panthers? If we had any hockey fans in South Florida, they'd be riding in the streets. They'd be going crazy but we don't have it. WDQA in. QAM. Hello. Neil, how are you doing? Okay, sir. Hey, listen about these candidates. You know, I don't hear any of them addressing the major problems that we have. You know, I'm looking at like illegal immigration, dependency on oil, terrorism, people blowing up stuff. I hear all the problems, you know, that they're telling us that there's, you know, these things exist. Sir, we're giving up 20. 26 of April 2007. Okay. It's the 26 of April 2007. The election is in November of 2008. It's a year and a half away. Get a chance. Get peace of chance, sir. We're going to hear some from Obama exactly where he is going to go. Of course we are. When you're going to hear something, oh, he's just going to say vote for me because I'm a good guy. So, because I never stole a freight train. Of course we're going to hear. So, I mean, you know, because these are things that I think we need to pay for our decisions on. I'm not looking at Republican Democrats anymore. Believe me. That's out the window. Yeah. I want to know who's going to address these issues and try to do it. John McCain is going to do it. He's going to be on dancing with the stars. He's going to go Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, everybody like that. Everybody like that, you know. Everybody. Good luck to us, pal. The fact that people aren't swooning over that, the fact that people in the media aren't just excoriating him. And then they got the nerve to put that thing on, or yes, they knew Hampshire, or he's officially announcing his candidacy. Like I said, I'll see the dolphin games come to QA. Same thing. Oh, yeah, big secret, you know. Same kind of crap. Big announcement. Same thing we always do. We're famous for doing that. Everybody in the universe, even people that wouldn't know what football from a come-quot. Even those people knew that the dolphin games are back on QA. They're all the same thing. It's not official. They're all 230. All this other crap. Yeah. Always got to be mystery and intrigue when a doubt lets drag it out. Yeah, drag this out. That's what I suggested. Drag this out. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. Is this a legendary meal, Rogers? This is the one, yes. Hey, the, I got the post suggestion. What do you think of what kind of people annoy you? What kind of people annoy you? Yeah. What kind of, what kind of, as in what do you have in mind? Well, if you watch shop parks, you know exactly what we have in mind. Oh, I see. Yeah. Yeah. There we go. Let's do the inward. That's the deal. If you watch shop park, black people annoy him. Okay. Call up brush limbo. What do you call your car to wrong show? Call up brush. Maybe he'll sing, Barack, the magic can negro or something like that. WQAM. Hello. Hi, am I on? It sounds like you, yes. Hey, I wanted to ask George a question. You want to ask George a question about why? About a, if he's been to, um, the gold club up in Jacksonville. What? What does that? To say, uh, topless park. Yeah. So, in Jacksonville? Yeah. Nobody would know. Nobody would know. Nobody would know. Nobody would know. Nobody would know. Nobody would know. Nobody would know. Nobody would know. Nobody would know. I don't even pay for my plane ticket. I said, I'm sure if they paid me a thousand dollars, I wouldn't go to Jacksonville. They paid me fifty grand. I wouldn't go there. Well, listen, the major question was, I want to know if you ever did mushrooms in the strip bar. And if not, I recommend it to both of you. No, no. Great. Yeah, that's right. When next time we go to hamster, I'll do mushrooms in the strip bar. I'm doing mushrooms. I can go to this street. He's recognizing I should do mushrooms in a strip bar to both of you. What? Why am I going to be doing a strip bar? Huh? All depends on the kind of strip bar I reckon. Maybe the two bar, how's old red doing? I'll see. Is there another one? We can play. I love it. Oh yeah, I like this. I think we'll play this one. Yeah. Yeah. I'm looking for my friends, supposed to be their cut. They're supposed to be their cut. They're supposed to be their cut. They're supposed to be their cut. It's for now's cut. Everybody's got. They're going to be. They're going to be. They're going to be. I can't follow the path. I'm going to be my friend. Victor, we can go to the ball. I want to go. You want me here. No, my name is a friend. I think it's called zero equal. Call cuts. My name is called. Call cuts. Call cuts. Hahaha. Not here. I don't say you're okay. Thank you. Okay, you're welcome. No call cuts. I mean, the really good ones we can't play anymore. Spread out like everything else. The Alcassel's the one that's right. What my favorite. W 2 a m hello. Hello. Yes. Is it Neil Rogers show? This is Neil. Yes. Yeah. I was on your website, right? And I'm trying to find. It's actually under Neil noises. And I'm trying to find that one word. It was a. Pop 30 man. K to the watch. I'm going to man. Pop 30 man. Pop 30 man. That one. Pop 30 man. Yeah. Yeah. I can't. Yeah. Pop 30 man. Pop 30 man. Pop 30 man. Pop 30 man. Yeah. I can't even try to find a. Oh boy. Okay. Let's see how many votes we've got in the pool here. Now we're going for 1100. I think we might just have it. But we might have it today. The eyes have it. Ten ninety seven when we come back after the break. We're going to have 1100. We're going to have it. I'm not going to read the result. We're going to read the result. We're going to read the result. We're going to read the result. We're going to read the result. Let's see. I don't know. Maybe it's just reading this particular pool because there's so many damn choices. And because basically, we know that most people, any chance they get to work our school off and they're sure it's not doing a lot more. Thank you. Thank you in the church. Don't drop here or the taxi. Can I borrow a bag of a federal park? Huh? You look that mean. You're so cool. I can tell he wasn't the dog. So I acted out my pop shoe rate. It was my arms, the trees I made. There's no bug. Speak, speak English and a model. I went down to my, yeah, I met which weather weather is nice and sunny. I walked into a little dust off, but the guy there talks real fun. I asked him, what kind of fortune be me just not to end up. What does that mean? The butter's teaching wish. I can't have a mom. Both of them. Like that. The corner's daily. Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan. Speak English and a lair. Are you going back to the hour? Yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I came here. I make you the go-ho. I learn my ABC. I don't say much as gross here. I'll say pretty much. So get yourself to a classroom quick. You're an American now. Stop making me sick. No, but I speak English. Come on in. I'm a ball-lo. Here's a good example for you right there. 117 at 5.60W here. How about those mollins? One game last night. All right. Any interest? No. We don't care at all now. Really? In fact, you know something hanging out on the floor. Like 15 seconds? Or something a little more substantial in there. Come on, go get the marlin's kids. Because I think we got next Wednesday off. And I think it's more of these Thursdays coming up right here. 1130 in the morning. Oh, yeah. Can I have you know what I can lose on that day? I don't like that. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. There's something good. Here we go. I don't want to get you out of the way. I don't want to get you out of the way. I don't want to get you out of the way. I don't want to get you out of the way. I don't want to get you out of the way. I don't want to get you out of the way. I don't want to get you out of the way. I don't want to get you out of the way. I don't want to get you out of the way. All right. Now let's see. Tomorrow is. What's tomorrow? Right. It's another day in paradise. That's right. Next Wednesday. May 2th is the mids game at New York. 110pm, which means we are done in 1230. Wednesday. Woo! We would buy Wednesday. I can lose three or four grand. Next week. I just. What can I say about that place? They're just taking my money. I'm having a wonderful time. I did okay. I was losing my answer. I got half of it back and that's. It could be worse. Now where is that game I was telling you about? That starts at noon and I just rematch. Hi guys. You said game, right. We're ready. Will you listen to me? I'm listening. I'm trying to put a little smile on your voice. 11 0 4 on the pull. There's a good reason to be happy. 11 0 4 on the pull. We go top 11 hundred and people are going to be talking about that at the water cooler. And I like ball to win and stuff like that. that and about dancing with the stars and the president pushes about the veto of the bill continues a surrender date and there is a dying fine time and she says oh we're fine time and she says we're also very Jewish I wonder if people know that she's Jewish who when you name the fine sign if people know that you know that people don't know stupid you know anyway 12.05.pm.bangers at the Amarlins on Thursday may 10th that means an 11.30 pregame show and 11 are you ready for that now I realize that some of our people out there who actually like fans of the show want to hear my voice and even your voice which chose how desperate they are they're gonna be enough to happy about it but us all right right so marked that down on your calendar I will on also but also we got coming up next we are a week from Friday is the a book the winter book the summer knows what we're keeping in that song it's from the summer 42 and you still are not in love with how I didn't already whatever movie was it was gonna well I watched that movie tonight better luck tomorrow right that my friend Ricky is in very enthusiasticly recommend he says I'm just gonna love it and if her really is good I'll get you happy then I did find this girl since you mentioned that I didn't have it I love that oh there's good religious songs that because of religious just you know the thing is out there my people's goal man let my people's go oh that's here that's all you're gonna play oh I got my last one who's that young or girl maybe from the Cincinnati Reds or maybe say communist that the children that Moses that was she like oh my god I'm feeling so inspirational and so far first operation I like the John song I remember when the hell it was but somebody had a whole bunch of pictures of my ancestors you know of my mother's grandfather and oh brother talk about a bunch of get skis you know how the omnisch look you know with the hand one of the orthodox shoes look the same way for the big hats in the long beards that come down to their heart for hockey pucks what's out about it and so that's what they look like my ancestors so I maybe that explains you some of my insanity and the reason I am like I am your ancestors that I like crazy Abraham Solomon baby that was grandpa Abraham Solomon baby Solomon I wonder if I'm ever gonna hear from any of my relatives again anything so no they hate me like poison if you told them you're gonna put them in your will you'll be hearing from them all the time I got news for the relatives I'm thinking about don't need me and they don't need to be in my will I should be in their will believe me when I say you know my wealthy you don't remember the hell and they're what was your name not next oh yeah from La Mer where it is with her 80s and dollars they don't need my money okay and then I can in any way they hate you everybody hate you and they want everybody hates me I had a couple emails here today not too many not too much all the way around it's just it's funny how it seems like there are certain days it's like maybe the moon is in Uranus or something the plants are lined up in a certain way and everybody is like off their feet you know and it's just it was kind of quiet today and just although Mark told me he was Jewish and also he didn't say that but it's pretty obvious Mark anytime you go in like Brandon's website you tell him how hot he looks again yeah I mean see I read a lot of these comments that people put on different places and I'm a lot more I'm a lot more observant than some people think I am you know I'm saying what do you say I'm just I'm just telling you right now I'm just making a mouse to the world and I'm much more observant some of you people think I am I see I see things that you could even begin to imagine I see I hear things I hear sounds people making sounds with their mouth Wednesday June 6th a day that will live in infamy late ladies and gentlemen at 105 it's the Marlins at the Atlanta Braves absolutely that's awesome how do you like that I'm just scouring through here looking for a little little break here and there for us Thursday June 28th of pirates in Pittsburgh host of Marlins at 12.05 113 okay come down so that just looking at it really doing we got we got some meal and well deserved when you work tough schedule like I do now that I mentioned about that deal the extension might it which isn't completely silenced delivered like Stevie Wonder would say but it's pretty I think it's written it's engraved in embossed in granted you mentioned it once that I mentioned on the year yes and then on Fridays I'm not going to be working at all the last two years like 2009 2010 oh what are we going to do on Fridays lights and candles and say I'm brocha that's what I would do say a little prayer like the unwarrowork don't you have to play those again let it on on a pool I'm pretty pleased this function I'm so excited about I'm even going to read 1130 wow I want to half I could do that blindfolded with my hands tied behind my back although it would be kind of hard to play like a f***ing stuff you know with my hands tied behind my head hey 11 other than I don't trust you to do it I'm not you know I mean you're fine you do a wonderful job and you're much appreciated but when it comes to the drop-ins you're too much like oh my god you know Chris it's just a joke we did relax set it passes worse spending no calling for Ract Polo just in I'll see you then and that in 40 cents a by a about a quarter of a cup of coffee that's Starbucks oh God oh I don't you know I don't you know you're going to lie Not all of them for liars. You're lying. I'm saying spotlight. I'm afraid I find it difficult. I'm a liar. And I'm a loser. I'm a shame. You're the boss. When you fight against Espera, almost went down to theRes Mariko. I have my arms inside. Not crossing their heads. Noin' portals, not engagement conversation. Do not cancel it. Once he won in the capital station by the 60 WDQ and bar, where the hell is it time gone today? We had a, you know, pretty, it was okay today. You know what I'm saying? Freaking, fuget. Tempest fuget, huh? Well, fuget. That's what I say about that fuget. Anyway, I want to thank you for fucely right here on the ear. We talking to Chris. No, you. First of all, before I thank you, let me just trans-ties you. What was that other thing? Well, the first thing you sent me is a big hit. The Toronto picture that brought that interview gone bad. But before we knew that, this other thing that you sent me for 45 times, about the article from the Guardian, which about the 45 times? No, twice. Anyway, what was that email problem here? It's sometimes, and you were telling twice for sending it to me once. Yeah. Well, I mean, I put it on for tomorrow on our stories, but do you think, what am I going to do? Read that on the ear? It's only eight minutes. No, no. I said that now, would I? I would be able to end my new extended contract. Right. So that's something to think about. Crazy set it along and I just forwarded it. Well, thanks Tracy. Thank you so much. It'll be on tomorrow on our very important website. I'm in coherent. Do it. But anyway, the thing about the lady, now that was a lady, okay? That was a lady. So the professor had already seen that, but I had emailed that to him. You know, for him to peruse, he said he already saw it. But it's just hilarious. He's on me. He said that's me. That's, you know, periding one of the streets naked in Toronto. You're right. That's why you were those baggy clothes. That's right. Because I have to do a huge man who was at each wave by 80 pounds. And of course, then I got that other thing. And I'm going to **** kind of a patch. I guess there's something that rhymes with anyway. Well, I sure as hell can't say that. No, you can't. No, I sure don't even throw that thing. I mean, I could, but then again, we probably wouldn't be extending it or the contract, either. Yeah. Well, I thought I could fool some people. But, yeah. When you meet somebody in person and they see those gigantic bullbies, it's hard to like cover up the whole deal. I'm sorry. I apologize. But I'm wondering, because that thing is so great. Don't you think we ought to put that? We're sure we put that. Maybe not on our regular page, but on the mice face name page. We could do that. Why don't you do that? I mean, people need to see that. It's a big one. I don't know. You're gone, bad, in Toronto. Now, that was on the year live. I am not sure the surgeon is. No, one of the people here acted a little strange lately. How is it going? I've already sent a chemical. I'll tell him to post it. I sent it to the lovely girl. I'll have him post it. And then of course, so I got that response. And then I also got a response from Brandon, who just jumped up from his desk. But he heard that Mark had that comment. See, a lot of people don't even look at the comments that people don't know. I know. And maybe I ought to take a look at some of those Brandon, because Mark wants you badly. You're hot. He saw those, you know, the original picture is Brandon head on with the black squares around where his, no, yeah. Well, that's what originally was on it. They probably still are on there somewhere. Anyway, Mark saw those and Mark is not only Jewish, but he's all okay. Well, that's an interesting combination. I can relate Mark, okay, I'll know you're annoying. And guess who for the audiences, say, the audiences that are really speaking of all this online stuff got to be really thrilled for me when they hear this. Somebody who was it yesterday, I totally what had happened. Was it the day before? Sometimes this week, Johnny G. Now, he didn't go away, not that I know of. But he just said that he's two thin skin. And when I rip my knee, he can't take it. And so he's not going to bother me no more. I don't think he's deleting himself anymore. Although, no, that wouldn't be a good idea. I don't want to hurt his students. See, one thing about me, I'm not an insensitive bastard. And spread to everybody, but it thinks I'm really not. Right? I'm a sweetheart. I'm a criminal. Oh, I'm a pathetic old zombie. That's right, I really am. And, you know, Johnny G's been a big fan of long 10 years to bring us the great pizza at Zayte years ago. But you know, that in 20 cents, I'll give you a fifth of a couple of coffee at the coffee time, you know? Well, what can you explain that to me? What? It's a fad. What? The thing with the coffee shops, that's just Starbucks. But all these other ones, too. Like, here we've got coffee time and there's about 10 different chains in every street corner. And it's like there. It's like every corner is another drugstore. Because as all those people 100 years plus, try to get to drugs. Or you live in like up north, people drinking coffee all the time, keeps them warm. I used to drink coffee continuously when I lived up north. Up north, you mean like at the Asagras? Like in Montana. You mean like, yeah. Well, I'm talking about everywhere. And you've got it. It's all done. We were going to have a giant. There's a fake and, and of course here we not only have Starbucks. We got Tim Hortensay. Tim Hortens, baby. Number seven, Maple Leafs. Let's do a little hockey talk here. Play Offs are in full flight. How about those savers, kick in the crab? Who the hell was that? Where do you went? Oh, come on. Play Offs. Come on. There's a break away. One there. Kitchie's gone. Dang, Killing, he was fat. Now he's been. Got your fist down. Make up your fourth. Oh, and his swivel mouth. I mean, not a good friend. Dick Irvin Jr. You know, he's a big fan. He had me on the air once. Are you where that? In my funeral that I ever tell you that? No. Dick Irvin Jr. Who, for a period of time, he was like the color announcer on a Canadian's game. He was then actually to some play by play on CBC with a trophy voice. But anyway, he's a big fan of my show. I guess, remember, turn to Bond. What you know, remember did do. I will say this for him because I'm always knocking him and he deserves it. All those females. But he did make a little like John Miller. He made him a big fan of the show and the same with Joe Bolin I believe. And Dick Irvin Jr. So anyway, he was on the air for a Montreal Panther game in the, in the old arena, mine here, Reno. And he came down and Rimmer introduced me. And he said, I love to have you on the show and in between periods and he had me on the show. Wasn't that sweet? And I said, you frogs there and Montreal, I wish I would have said that. If I had the balls to do it, he would have never, I couldn't do that to him because he's a good guy. But anyway, see there little you even know that did you know I didn't know that. I didn't know that because they sure don't care about hockey, but it's certainly had to do some with legendary old meal. You might have said it before and I forgot as soon as you were done, just like I did. I want to hear Rich and a Red Call news Buffalo boys. I don't want to hear some cuts from PSM and sports. All right, Sabres are going to kick ass, baby. Force rate against the arrangers you heard it here first. I sure hope so. 1121 on a pole things you look at up now. Branded's got a new boyfriend on there. Wow. But you know something as soon as I said that as soon as I said people are kind of like quiet today. But I mean by the boomer I like that. See how my people come to my to my ages, my S is this when they said what I think that they're like ignoring me, which sometimes they are. That was really nice. That was very, very, very nice. And I would you think now, which should I watch first? I'm going to watch better luck tomorrow tonight. Okay. Better luck. Better luck tonight tomorrow. That's right. Good. And then I'm going to watch war at over the weekend and then of my son then. What? You won't be sorry. Trust me. Okay. It's got very lost in the world. What was her in the world? No man movie that you forced me to watch said where everybody doubts. So like it's such a great movie. It was horrible. The one or he's in jail. He's the prisoner Paul Newman. I counted the Paul Newman movie. Yeah, yes, you did. Cool hand loop. Cool hand loop. Yeah. Get out of here. Cool hand loop. My ass. Oh, that. Well, I got it down there. No redneck. He's looking really bad. You know, I don't know. I mean, I don't like him. But I don't. Okay. So you don't like redneck movies even if they're making fun of redneck. That's why I just wrote that down. No redneck movies in any way, shape or form. Right. I don't like even if it's a parody of redneck. What was the one that I started watching from? Raising Arizona. Oh, Tracy. What is it? Raising Arizona. Raising Arizona. I read the watch. I would like to have raised we were Phoenix. Oh, God. But anyway, he's biased. He maybe he's going to rise again like Jesus. He never know. We're fine. He was kind of an interesting guy. You know, he had his issue. They don't they all like Johnny Defts because his issues. It was the bar that Johnny Deft owned. That he got the bad crap in there. And he drank some stuff out of a vile. And it turned out to be really violent. He collapsed on the sidewalk and he died. We were Phoenix. It's way close. And his brother, what was his brother's name? He's with a James. Walking. Walking. My dad's name. Your dad brother was named Hawking. See. Walking around reggae. Hawking. There his suit. Was that someone over the garden died? Yes, sense. That's sad. How was it when he died? 40 something like Jesus Christ. He was 40 something he died. Because he was fat and smoked and smoked. Well, he's dead. My other smack friends who died. He died at 35. They had the one died at 29. The fat man, fat. Where a child I think he was. I would say he was 36. He was 66. He was 66. Yeah. Not quite as old a fart. And of course he will never get to be as old a fart as I am. Because he's well, that's bad. That's a terrible thing to say. He was a good guy. He was. Yes, he was. How many times? Well, I guess it's the appearances. You'd see him always. So he can all go harder. He's the old gold steam parties. We used to go to all the kids. Oh, he used to go to the old gold steam parties. Oh, I see. All the stores would go to the other. And in fact, rich would go because that's right. Food was free. God, no. Welcome back to getting a boat. Really joining us again today. You know. I can't believe a genius I can't afford for a training. That's not right. That's not right. That's not right. After 9 or 11, all sports was canceled for almost a week. I was in this drawer. You were doing a show the morning and 9 or 11, right? Yeah. We'll have your handle that. I'm glad to say we kept running. I'm talking about them. I am a hoary guy. Oh, you know. I don't know. Something like that happens. I might have to put sports aside for a little bit. That's why you're not going to last as long as I have. Dude, people were jumping to their death or our shores were attacking man. That wasn't a good situation. But that's not that. Don't we single very Jewish, Puerto Ophagery. So let me get this right up. There's nothing more important in life than sports, right? I don't gas my house with pointing down when my family's captain's. I'm not going to get my family captain's. I'm not going to get my head from the sports page. You want to drop the security in QA? It's sports, sports, sports. If you want to wait here, sports. Get a little bit of a clear clear. I want to show you something. Yeah. Yeah. I got the perfect team for the morning show. When we dump the equivalent we currently have. How about Gildi, Lenny Martez, and Joseph Gacky. With an occasional guest appearance by. Just for all time say. How's that sound? All right. John Nichols has got a great comment. Who do I have time to read it? Sure. Where's in the fight for American journalism? I sure hope I do. It's by John Nichols, by the way. From the nation. He says, Bill Morris isn't the first American to ask. Would regard to the immediate coverage of the run up to the invasive Iraq. How did the mainstream press get it so wrong? The man who's been a White House press secretary, newspaper publisher, author and TV news program host is not alone and one rig. How did the evidence disputing Bush administration claims and. Intimation's regarding the resistance of weapons and mass destruction and link between Sodom and to 911 continue to go largely unreported. But Morris has done something the most Americans haven't had the time the resources of the contacts to do. And that is actually the fundamental questions about the failure of print broadcast and cable news outlets to cut through the spin and give the work and people to truth about the Bush administration's unmarried in Rush to war. What the conservative media did was easy to find. The reason they have been cheerleaders for the White House from the beginning and were simply continuing to rally the public behind the present no questions asked explains Morris. How mainstream journalists has offended skepticism and scrutiny remains an issue of significance that the media hasn't satisfied for the explored. How the administration marketed the word of the American people has been well covered. But critical questions remain how and why did the press buy it. And what does it say about the role of journalists in helping the public sort out fact from propaganda. These are the premises and purposes of a remarkable new documentary buying the war which explores the role of the press and lead up to the 2003 and based on Iraq. Error last night on PBS channels across the country the special premiere of the new 90 of the new weekly series Bill Moorius Journal. It aired last night to bat we didn't have that story yesterday so we could tell you that aired last night. Am I right? To bat. Yeah. After last night's premiere Morris will return to PBS on the Friday night's schedule where he was arrested for number years as host of now with Bill Moorius. And just as he did before leaving now several years ago to time when President Bush's allies and appointees were attacking him for giving airtime to administration critics including Republicans like Nebraska's sender Chuck Hagle. Morris is still practicing the crap to journalism in the manner when tinned by the rebels against Empire who wrote a freedom of the press protection into America's founding document. In other words, he's refusing to be a stenographer for the powerful. Buying the war highlights that refusal in the document re-mores interviews former CBS news anchor Dan Rather and bc's meet the press host the pasty Tim Rossard. Former CNN President of water isxin and many of the top American print and broadcast reporters. He challenges them. He presses them. He gets into it now. It's not just the drastic flaws of reporting before the media land to the invasion of Iraq but also the extent to which those flaws illustrate the deeper crisis of today's on vended knee media. The veterans CBS Middle East correspondent Bob Simon sums up that crisis when he refers to the Washington press corps as operating above bubble shaped by the Bush administration. Buying the war is not a polemic rather than aggressively and thoroughly reported critique of prewar media coverage which celebrates the handful of journalists, especially those with the old night where the Washington bureau who asked the right questions while solidly detangering out of it at most media merely repeated administration claims as if they were truth stick cannot be debated. Remarkably and importantly, Morris gets journalists who are still in the game to explain where things went wrong. For instance, Washington post media quit a coward curse who really hurts notes from August 2002 until the war was launched in March of 2003. There were about 140 front page pieces of the Washington post making administration's case for war, but there were only a handful of stories that ran on the front page and made the opposite case or if not making the opposite case raised any questions. What Morris has produced is a chilling account of what happens in the Republic where the media for the most part becomes a mouthpiece for the government, which is absolutely correct. As Walter Pinkus, one of the last great Washington reporters explains to Morris, more and more than media become, I think, common carriers of administration statements and critics of the administration, we've started to give an up on being independent on our own. That's surrender of independence destroys the whole matter of a free press, just if it's the province private citizens from gaining the information in, so I need to be functional players in America's democratic experiment. But even in this dark interregnum, there is hope for freedom of the press and for democracy and sustains Bill Morris, thank the Lord is back on here. Food article by John Nichol about John Nichols about the film. So they can't keep the true the word. That was off the air forever, even though they're trying my crazy. They're trying to intimidate the media, you don't understand that. That's why CBS is of pinging their pants. Thank you, Janet Jackson and Justin Tigreba. You're fair. Okay, well that's what really started heavy duty. As you and I as we all know too well, that's why we can't play squad. You know something that we can't be placed squad anymore, we can't even do it. We can't squad. And you want to know why we can't squad? Because sometimes if you squad you and we sure can't do that. And sometimes it's on purpose and I guess it all depends on where you have squad is right. Right, right. Right. Anyway, it's so 151. But we're going to have to get out of here pretty soon. That's the shame because I feel like I'm just getting rolling now. Rolling rolling. Why is that you think? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know what that's all about. I think I got up too early today. Why did I get up early? I don't know. Do you ever do that? You just felt like you're all slaps. Yes. You got up and then you got up. That was a bad mistake. Another half hour would have been really good. Or sometimes you get up to pee and it's like, God, you know, I ain't it. Are you also getting up to pee must be diabetic that kind of called me for about the way we tell you how many times you get up to go up all night. You know, just like sometimes you don't make it to the morning. You know, it's 142 on a pool. Well, I'm telling you, it's almost the end of the show and you're planning ice cream thoughts on my mind. Bam, what? I want everybody who knows me to scream and yell, don't have any ice cream today, grandma. I'm telling you, you're coming to die. I'm not going to die. Oh, but it sounds so good. Yeah, I'm addicted. I can't help it. Some people are addicted to drugs. Some people are addicted to booze. Some people are addicted to pornography. I'm addicted to sugar. I should cod, baby. Like, see that cruise would say, I should cod. I should cod. I should cod. Of course, he's still dead. Which illegitimate use of your computer work are you most frequently guilty of a lot of 104 to both? We can made 12 of Chris with a lead on it if he got an office FedS. Just remember that tomorrow. Chris. Okay, visiting thearragers.com and voting on the pool. 3301. Checking out the news 109. That's the only place to get the real news is online and from our website and a lot of other ones do that. that you sure will get in a on your network news or from the talking hit A holes. A surfing porn money to an excellent the past time. I never misuse my work computer 150 now we don't believe you. Your liars reading my personal email 121 playing a game 46 all the games all the time games people play people's play listening to music 26 visiting my space 24. Wow what a concept ordering merchandise 20 reading a blog 17 and watching a video 8. I'm going to start at that blog on my space thing I wrote a couple of things and I remember we had the technical the few released. Yeah I told you that I was going with us. I don't know I said because I'm just I've lost my interest in it but at least it's there and if I remember when I went to move like someday maybe I'll write something else on there maybe maybe if they decide to pay me for this is breaking news a world Disney world employee dresses the character tanger was accused of getting a child while posing for a bottle has there's buy set of was on there no was what may have possibly could have happened let again maybe not took a flight to Disney world mom dad and Jerry bigger contrary in the face and a cab from the tail into his nuggets not a punch from the bigger and what to every place and the last thing is never to take out a samurai saw in a grenade launcher in the fight that started with a punch response