Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Every life in rehab, for no reason at all, unless you are not a man, For make you all a ball, you're only tomorrow evening, For something God is saying, There's a hell step problem, Bring some one game, and remind you, When it should be, It's a girl and I's friends, Which isn't too busy, That doesn't mean you need me, Or a prescription, If we should walk on it, Just like no gift to them, And everybody said we need a heart to cover their own hands, If you just threw one chance, We're supposed to lay the grass, You don't need to worry, For making racial slurs, Or if you run away, You'll have found us by accident, If you're listening for a talk about the Super Bowl and about sports, And about guys of word-type pants and play of games, Forget about it, We have a for our rest right now from that, From all of these things. How do you like that? All of these things. Let's see, Mad Dog of 2, Then we got the triple threat, The power hour for three hours with Hank and the Mad Dog at the, Well, they're all going to be at the radio, Radio, we're not at radio, George and Chris are in Miami, I'm in Toronto, And Mercury is in Uranus, And he's with all those. Henry Goldberg solo between 6 and 650, Because then at 650 we got Hurricane Warm Up, We got Kings Basketball, Baby, Tonight, which means we know where our clearance is, But of this phony facts that we got this morning, From so I'm Ojo and Provocard to... Okay, BOOM! That's right, and there's a plan, You can see, College Hoops at 7 o'clock tonight, Followed by Super Bowl Overdrive, That probably should be called Super Bowl Overkill, Wouldn't you think? With Yaw and Oshmosh, Craig Nishmosh at 1030, Hey, though it's Chris, Craig Nishmosh here, I know he was asking Josh Curtis about these people, And I never got like a very, You know, Honest answer. Yeah, for Nishmosh here. Too many punches, poor, I think. Too many, too many punches. So, what is that correct, Mishizia, Blong on the ear? Yeah, he also does TV work with Bow and Goldisa. He's not, it's not a new thing for him to be on the ear. With Bow and Goldie? Yep. What is he doing, TV? The, uh, Mika City Sports Rapper, something like that. Uh-huh. Now, is the actual involved in that or what? I'm gonna get out of that defomand. Everybody I talk to, I hate him like poison. I don't know what that's all about. What's that all about George? You know, you've worked on many, many years with the defomaster? Sure. What, what's all about it? Why does everybody hate him so mad, including me? I don't hate him, I just don't like him. I don't hate him. You know, you like him? Uh, in fact, let me ask you what? Put it this way. Do you like it? Yeah, as what? As a guy? As a guy? I mean, on the ear, forget it. He, he, he, he, And you know, something Steve Henkul is the guy that ruined him. Back at IOD. Yeah. Nothing was always great. He was okay. He's ever an acceptable. He did anything to me. So, well, you know, I'm easy. Yeah, it's a easy. He's a very good thing to me. Either, no, actually he did. He's standing in the back a couple of times. But that's okay. That's okay, me, fo. And I still never got the five to seven break out. There are people out there who won that five to seven. Although when, uh, what's his name? When the big O rock solid. I'm 43 December. They're probably sealed his fate in that contest. A 0.3 in the month of December. We had a six, six that month here from, I attended to. And if anybody from out of town is listening by the way, and wonders who this legendary guy. Ha ha ha ha. The legendary Fatal Fag is on the radio. Wait, my, I'm, I'm so legendary. I can't even get this thing to work. How do you like that? That's not a good home to start the Wednesday. We're not pulled. No, no. We're number one. They started to tell the end of the day. Wasn't by the way, why did you come to my main in the first place? We have to be a crazy person. We're also today searching for a really great restaurant that I'm going to be eating at the good friend sometime in the very near future. A great steakhouse would be good. Now somebody mentioned me the capital grill. Have you heard of that? I have heard of it. But I think it's by the Gaila Rhea. And I got news for her. I ain't, I don't know about anybody else, but I'm not going all the way over there. I don't, you know, when you get Eastern Fort Latterdale, I'll add traffic over there. Forget about it for me. I just, even as long as I live in plantation, no way. Or there were four places in South Florida, like practically everywhere else. Like Kendall. Yeah. Well, that's why I got to have a lot of them. Yeah, I'm telling you. Yeah, I'm telling you. I'm going to do the right. Where? How goes downtown Miami? About me. Although I heard that they got all those, remember that the facts of the call I got, I got that out of touch I am. And they built all these big condos downtown, all those shops and malls and bop bop bop bop. I mean, they didn't dance in, and still nobody wants to go there anyway, downtown. You have to be a crazy person. Yeah, so speaking of experience being out of town, this, fully, I just read this because they've given idea to be audience to kind of craft that we get from people on a steward garbage. Oh, look at this. WQAM, hello. Good morning, sir. Yes, sir. Um, you sound like you can be a real collar when off the bat. Well, perhaps maybe. Anyway, anyway, capital grill there is definitely one. Uh, downtown Miami over towards the brick hole. Ah, very about that. Now, town Miami, you couldn't give me that with a shotgun. I don't know if these eyes the other ones you've been told and for a lot of the others and I don't want to open bop, but it is extraordinarily good. Really? Yes. The other way downtown. Uh, ass storage if you would to look it up for you. I don't know. Exactly. But it's over by the river. It's, um, it's an organized place, but I'm sorry. You do have to go towards downtown Miami. But you have to apologize. Well, we have to go to put it through for crises. Yeah, I just part of the deal. The other place that I would say, um, as far as great as it is, is Martin Zuchicago, which I know you. I'm pretty sure you're in a great place. Yeah, absolutely. There is more. Now, where is Martin? Is this a discain that's on a name? And 174th roughly. There was a problem with that. That's my neighborhood. I live up for downtown. So, I mean, if you're going to live in a county, might as well get as close to the border. Well, did you get around right here? I don't know. Quick escape to Brown. There you go. So, yeah, that's a great place. So, when Arnold is at Biscayne in 174, roughly around there, yeah. I thought it was on Kibiscan, Martin. No, no, no. This guy didn't want to go over there. Oh, God, no. I don't want to go over that. Where could he take a record? He didn't want to take a hand-play. Yeah, he took a box to get out. So, box? Yes sir. Well, the people are live over there. They can afford. You know, remember Turkey, they could use the live over there. Yeah. And what's his name? Is buddy B.B. Yeah, B.B. Correct. All them goes in both. That's correct. That's correct. Well, listen, thanks a lot, pal. Yeah, I got you. You got it. Thanks, all right. What's up, Edward? I'm very, very fascinated. What's up, Edward? Is Martin's take house? Yes. Well, that sounds like a wonderful spot. For me, I love Martin's. Martin's is the place where they got like this sawdust on the floor, you know? It is? Now, weren't you with us on that trip? You guys, you didn't get to eat that meal with us. It's more than stay constant like in the loop and downtown Chicago there. Yeah, we stay in the rich couple hotel. We'll talk about two blinds or funny. What were you mean by that? Well, that's right. You were just saying. You were just saying. You were talking about two blinds. Well, I had been your producer for two years at that point, but still everybody else got the stay in Chicago for the whole weekend except for yours truly. I see. Thank you, Mike. Yeah, thanks, Mike Disney for days and I'll do it as you. Now, let me ask you this since you're complaining about they don't take such great care. What about today being Cherhat Wednesday? Did you get some food in the neighborhood? No, there was no one in the building today. Everyone was out broadcasting from out of the studio. So nothing was happening in here. So nothing was brought out. Our good friends, how is? Who loves us? They're bringing us food. Yeah, thank God for how he's keeping our people alive down there. I had me, my microwave bacon real extra crispy, man. It was, well, I'm getting some how he's taking it to. In fact, it made me start thinking about my vacation. I was thinking, mmm. That's what I was thinking, man. I was thinking that I ain't saying it, but I was thinking it. And you know what I was thinking? I was thinking. Anyway, so here's this facts. I heard you mentioned Clarence and I'm never being there. And I thought, I should let you know that I was listening to Joe Rose this morning, shortly after nine. And he mentioned that Josh Dero from 560 was there. Right. Yes, Clarence was in Joe Rose's studio this morning. I don't know why he was there. He didn't say anything on the air. Rose jumped around asking why he was looking for a job over there. Maybe it wasn't a joke. But just thought I'd let you know that Clarence was visiting the guys across the street for some unknown reason. Well, maybe he was taking a shower with his old buddy Stu Gass. But in fact, the matter is he wasn't over there because he's not even in town. He's not even in the state. It's you and that you see whoops, believe me, when there's college whoops going on. Clarence put on his hoops skirt and he's off to other races. Believe me. So just another Oshia for our probably some loser from inside over there across the street. By the way, all the visitors in town, I want you to know that 790, the ticket if you want here sports you've got Jim Manich and Hank Goldberg and the real people on this radio station Ed Kaplan and over there they got a bunch of losers and we got Kim Bulk Kim Bulk can't throw over here. Oh, but they're the only broadcast of it. They got is, I mean Joe Rose's going to bug boosters on, but I wouldn't have any ideas. He really only more. What's the story with him? Good, no. You know I read it there changing the times. They're on. I really couldn't tell you. By the way, Barry Jackass. I read the news to you, but Arbert Trond doesn't base the day parts. They don't break down the day parts. By the times that the ticket is not there. People on the air. Okay. He's got 10 to 1 and 1 to 4. You're such a jerk Barry Jackass. As long as I live, I'll never forget that to am a Pearson airport. I'm sure it's long before I had this place here and I was doing shows from here. But I was just visiting town for a weekend. And I'm at the airport waiting to board the plane and there's Barry Jackass. Of course, I didn't want it. What do I know from him? He comes over to me and he says, Oh, hi, Neil. I'm Barry Jackass from the Harold. You know, I say, yeah, I know, but this is a lot of things you say about me on the air. Are true. Like you're a puts, like you're a little turd. And mommy packs you a salami sandwich to take the work every day. Oh, he is just pathetic. I would be surprised if mommy drives into work and picks him up every day. Very Jackass. Well, first time I saw him out at a dolphins camp. He reminded me of Raymond. Yeah, not very far off. And he's a very good driver, even though mommy drives him to work. I'm sure he's a very good driver. Excellent. Yeah. Thanks, Robin. Everybody crazy with these buck kissing. Oh, the ticket there's got their day parts like this. And said, Rosenstein, we're a crant. So over there who wants to be back on with I'm, is just desperately. Whatever else. Well, we'll get to the show here eventually. We've circled a few minutes there and George keeps saying, He's a two yet. Is it two? Before the show even starts. Yeah. I don't want to put in a good day's work. Good day's pace. Oh, god, Neil. And now former Vice President Al Gore on global warming. This is former bus, Treta, Al Gore on global warming. Take it from me. The land who invented the internet, the land who invented the Montterellic, and the land who invented the chief pet, the frisbee, and chocolatey cocoa pups. We are in trouble. People laughed at me on a first stoke of global warming. But he's laughing now. I am sick to death of hearing meter of the knowledge of state of weather patterns have been caught by Al Ninha, which in Spanish means little boy. How could a small child be responsible for changes in the world-wide weather? I've seen little boys stop Joe Pesci from rubbing their house, but I have never seen them accurately forecast at mospheric abnormalities. Not in a flight of odd deals, or featured in the full-length motion picture and tidal-leave in conveying and truth. Admittedly, it was the two-hour PowerPoint flat show presentation that I had been nominated for an Oscar. Apparently, the Academy was off-struck by my keyboard stroking. I have already selected a prime piece of real estate on my mantle piece for that baby. It'll go right next to my boy's cat of the year award, which I want at age 39. The ice caps are disintegrating at an alarming rate. Sort of like rock obomus chances of becoming pressed at the ice sheets and greenland outside of my movie, and the subsequent melting thereof are akin to an al Ninha and the sun with an alpazicle. People need to listen to me. We need to release less carbon dioxide into the atmosphere, and grow more plants and trees. Oceges. We need to release less carbon dioxide into the atmosphere, and grow more plants and trees. Oceges starting with marijuana, which I personally do not smoke. There are many people who have attributed my flow of the liberal speech pattern and lazy eye to being a pop-hand. Trust me when I tell you. My irritating tonal quality and monotone delivery are inherently man. In conclusion, trust the word of me, the 45th vast press and of the United States will not tell you. Should we continue on our current path? We are screwed. The solution for this global warming problem can be found in alpazs and ma-home in Nashville, Tennessee. I alone possess the single key to alpazs. Though you can get your own key, about picking up the intonving and truth on DVD. Now available at best by CircusLity, Amazon.com or Ralph SnatchenGrab. Located in Hendersonville, Tennessee. I want to school with Ralph. He said, be me about the head and face with his little scuby due lunch fail. I got him back by sleeping with his wife at a key party in 1973. And since that time, we have become fast friends. It's time to take responsibility for the world we live in and stop blaming that kid from lexical. Former Vice President Al Gore now runs in maintains a Build-A-Bear Workshop at the Stone River Mall in Murphy'sboro, Tennessee. He is completely crazy. 25, 10, and 5, 60 completely crazy like us here at QAM. Only we're proud of it. We're going to get the show started there. We're going to keep the world whatever. Maybe we'll start at about 130 because it is WWE. By that time, I'll have my pants on and my shirt and my shoes, my handle loomies because it is wood-bind Wednesday. You don't seem too excited about that. I need to win some very serious, maybe like another five grand on the $5 wheel would be for my trip. So, us, the spreads novel is Cindy Sheldon, and then in 89. You acted like you knew who that was. I'd heard the name. Some old guy. Some old guy. Some old guy who used to write some books as dead. He was a man. That's old enough. I'll see, I'm 64, 20, another 25 years. That wouldn't be bad. I wouldn't mind that. This has been some really strange to you. Of course everything I say sounds really strange too, but that's why I say it. For years now, because you never know it. You could walk on and get hit by a Mac truck. I've always had this like in a back of my mind feeling it was going to live for 87. Really? Yeah. I never told anybody that. Was that like a magic number? I don't know. It just did just one of those things in your head. It's like a vision, like a message from the Lord or some crap like that. Maybe a message from... No, God! I still feel like I got a scratchy throat. I'm not sick or anything, but it is. It's this damn cold, man. I don't mind the winner. We got virtually no snow. I mean, this is the last day of January. Not that there's going to be a warming or anything like that. But here in Toronto there's like maybe a 22-level centimeters like on rooftop and on the curbs, you know? You know how it kind of sticks around because it gets easier. It's a whole lot of freezes. Although it is only minus 7, it's going to be all the way up to minus 4. I'll sell this to you today. Whatever that is, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20. So what are what are we going to be? But I got this scratch. Anyway, so I always felt because my grandmother on my mother's side, she lived 87. And if she wouldn't have had hardening of the arteries and had, you know, the oya clogged of arteries, she probably would still be alive. And she died like 30 years ago, something like that. I'm 30, man. I think you lived in 97. No, and both of my parents lived to 90 plus. Right. 90 plus. And then both of my mothers, well, not both, there were a whole bunch, you know, big families. But her two sisters are both in their, got to be in their late 80s. They got to be push 90. They're still around. How do you like that? Of course they weren't eating. They weren't eating like score ice cream by the half gallon. I wouldn't imagine. Oh, no. Better call it that crap. You know, let me say it again. Three out of, what is it? I think it's four out of five people with that beatings die from heart disease. But I'm all heart, you know that. In fact, I got, I have my blackberry right now. And I'm holding it right by my heart. Oh. I'm just a crazy. In fact, that pulled the day I think is sensational. You know, give you got these enchanted thing. Another cheap shot at old meal. And they love doing that. And you know what, I couldn't care less. See, if I was like uptight and sensitive, I wouldn't put those pulls on their in the first place. Well, what I do that for, right? Because I know we got a lot of very angry people on our way to you. I like that. And you know, another thing about today, being the 31st of January, and I will get to City Sheldon and the full and the show actually all of we have kill almost half hour already. I'm very excited about it. But we got February coming. It means we have only one month until our 31st anniversary party here. Right? You don't seem very thrilled about it. Well, I'm not going to do it. I got the edited one. I can't play it off in the waiting bag and I can't say that. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, It'd be fine to hear all Reset although I will say this I am so another reason I'm excited today. There we go Go ahead I can't find what I'm looking for now because I got what I put it all it's under this excuse I think it's a real guy co-customer not a paid celebrity just to tell her story You hired a celebrity Thank you night when I accidentally hit a deer Wow The cop guy co expecting to get a recording but someone was there to help me help me Say It's a huge kiss Ask man, oh no, over to the station. Thank you. I'd like to ask Hello, sir. There's not critics died today of pneumonia At the eyes of our medical center in Rancho, Marage, California. You know it's interesting, but the date line on the story is Beijing I don't understand that. He died in California Yeah, important was friend and publicist Warren Cowan he was 89 I would mind 89 that's like another 20 years five years boy. Can you imagine? I'll be a havoc I can rate another 25 years a multi-towarded writer shut him on a screenwriting Oscar Tony Warden had created popular TV sitcom before starting his first novel of the age of 52 But it was too low's novels and game is overriding fame He sold more than 300 million books and 180 countries one of the most translated authors printed in 51 languages including Urdu which is spoken in Pakistan via and swahili man What did Urdu? With his second novel the other set of mid-9 published in 74 he broke into the blockbuster ranks the book of me down the New York Times best of list for 53 weeks I record at the time His Ryan would he sphere for the bachelor in the Bobby socks and 47 one of the Academy Award for original screenplay He was also screenwriter for the Judy Garland Fredest their musical Easter parade Sturgeon Gerard's musical Barclays in Broadway after he helped the death of Irwin Berlin had any good together the big screen The 50 Betty Houghton Howard Kiel vehicle received generally favorable reviews and it goes on and Sidney Shelton's dead he was 89 that's why I need to know And I was just gonna say don't make a big cinnist about it. That would be good too with the match for days and Graham I can't wait That's one thing you know Is all carbs I can't eat it. I'm diabetic and it's something I don't miss or erase I am a mind wise. I can't in Chinese love race. I need to write. Huh love race. No, you love race. I like race 27 past 10 in 5. 60 QM It's a trolley pop little boy No You're under man's sexuality. I'm a pop little boy No Oh I better When I wasn't today said my question But we made indeed We do, from the way of heaven, And into the earth, And through the wicked take us stroll, When he was standing in his underwear, So he'd have been over and say it prayer, We'll go up this road and when they thank you man, I've got no less than battle, Free your man, be happy, or X-ray. The next day, You fell like a sinner, And I showed up to get communion, But all my time that was in a way for Can it wasn't one a trip in a night, We were standing in his underwear, Oh my God, Tell me to pin over and say it prayer, Oh, that was broken, When they thank you man, I've got no less than battle, Free your man, be happy, or X-ray. Reckless. He was standing in his underwear, Tell me to pin over and say it prayer, Oh, that was broken, When they thank you man, I've got no less than battle, Free your man, be happy, or X-ray. 1033, 2077 before I've got him, Personal message for you from your close friend, Brandon, by the way, he says you're an ungrateful uncounts, Speak, but I didn't let his daughter in. Hey, listen to, he understands, he knows you just to Fun in, and I'm sure you appreciate Haven't even had very tiny sounding thing. Hey, listen, when our listeners have better equipment than we've got, You know what, Q-A-N. A little bit, and it'll do until we get, you know, Until you get the first Dean, And that's like life, you know, Sometimes you have to settle for a second, But I'm very anal and personally, When it comes to audio, I should be able to correct it. 1496 votes on the point. Yesterday, if I would look at him, Just a wee bit long, we'd had 1500, But it's not like we're in some kind of a stupid contest, you know. 1500, that would be more or less than a guy like All week long crossed the street this day, at timeslot. That's said, the kid, you know, I wonder who they got on now, Do we have any idea of Chris Hussfullin for us In the kid now that he's in New York, Philan for somebody else, Because he wants to go back there and work with I'm just again. I really have no idea, I don't know. I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I need to say anybody else. Maybe somebody will fact you into a circle, I didn't even know I won't answer the phone. I might answer, I might take one or two. You never know that first call was good. Q-A-N, hello. That's there. That was going to be, that was the one. That was the champion. Now, I think I'm getting confused. Okay. I've got Morton's confused with the palm. That was the place we ate in Chicago, Downtown and the loop, the palm. That was the place we had in the forest. They had the sodas on the floor. You know? I was going to say that, yeah, I went to Morton's and they didn't have sodas. They had more than a very expensive place. Well, of course, you don't think I'm going to take somebody to a flat house. Well, I was just surprised. With all these expensive crops. You think I'm going to take a good friend of the Stingham Diner for like a waffle or something? What is wrong with you? I remember I worked for Q-A-N. But when you said sodas on the floor, which would you remember? Well, why did you both in a reference here? You were talking about... I was the one who just... You were just... You were legendary. So you couldn't be stopped into our third legendary place. I couldn't be stopped. And then the palm was the one that's on T-Busking. Am I correct about that? I don't know. Another roadhouse has sodas on the floor. I'm not going to the roadhouse grill. Okay. And three peanuts. Oh, cheese. All the peanuts you can eat. I still listened to it with the stuff. I was talking about yesterday, but not the show, but that pool. About the great places that don't exist anymore. You're wrong. It's not the thousand men. People have no style. So I heard you don't remember in those places, but they love hearing us talk about it. Well, the famous... Like the famous... Where they had a bottle of self-survant, every table, baby. And a big bowl of real kosher deals. I'm not talking about, make believe, like fake cucumbers. You know? We could do a series of those kinds of polls. We would like for the... For the... Like a week. You mean what we're saying? Yeah. Yeah. The same thing that no one else ever heard of. W-Q-A-N. Yes, sir. You know, good restaurant in Miami. Avanna, Avanna Miami on Miller. Just what's the problem? That's a great restaurant down here. Avanna Miami sounds awesome. You're Cuban to me. Yeah, that is, but it's a very good restaurant. Good food, good advice. Hey, one more thing. Could you play that... Cramer, rap. Did you guys... That bit... Yeah, right. Oh, dude, one-week camp, play. Yeah. No problem, pal. All right. I'll play you there. I'll play you there. Yeah. No problem, pal. All right. I'll play you there. Why do you... See again? You started on Monday and here it is in the middle of the week. And you're still... All the two of them remember I played you that other one. Yeah, I thought he was talking about. But I have no idea which one says call. That's not it. What does he call? I'll find it. Let me what the bacon grease of my finger. Yeah, why is the bacon grease of my finger? Yeah, why is the bacon grease of from how he's up to your face and get with it? So go... You are so sour this week. Talk about those dual pickles of the famous... That's a dual pickle. That's a good WKAT. So one of our sponsors was the famous restaurant I'm Washington Avenue, which was Talk about legendary, even more legendary than I am now. And it was a Jewish place and he'd walk in and there'd be a big bottle of salt, like I said, and a big thing with the pickles and the course law. And because you were like about a half a dozen of us eating what they did is they brought that these big tubs. They brought us each the chicken soup, just the broth. And then they brought out tubs of mocobals and creptloth and noodles and all of this stuff. It was unbelievable. Oh, I don't your own soup. You made your own soup. Wait a minute, I'm just getting in for a Havana Miami is good for Cuban food. No, we're not going there. Been there done that, I said. No, not doing that. I'm not taking anybody to a place that they've already been. It's good for Cuban food. Do you think I'm going to go off for Cuban food? And it's got to be good. No, not like in Cubans, which I get there does. In fact, no one is next. I've never seen a picture of Cuban food. You've never seen the same news in my life. What about Karate? I mean, I mean, I would be able to play with someone who has had Cuban food. No, Karate. Don't go to La Karate. They're really, they're mediocre. I wasn't playing on Go and R. Is just joke on about it. I just haven't had no that joint. La Karate. Rip Cuban food, all of that. You want to believe, okay? And of course, directs Grossman. I think he put the gross in Grossman. He's pretty ugly guy too. But he's I'm sure he's doing great, you know? And what was all that crap that we're talking about, Florida being such a party school and everybody up there is a schoo in there. It rains out the smoking lot of dough, but sounds like any college I ever heard of. Sounds just like Michigan State to me. At any rate. In fact, let's have some weaves to sing on the banks of the Red Seater. The was lined with rubber. Somebody do with that. I'm huh? It was just a sexual thing. You know, when you go to college, everybody, oh, and I got that story about that kid at UN. I haven't got to that this week. Maybe I'll get it in my pile if we're going to show started. Regarding the Super Bowl, I'll watch reading for the Cools 411. I'll watch, but I don't care who wins. 383. I don't give a Schmidt 257. I'll watch it and move forward to bears 196. Less than half the cold fans. I'll tune in only for the commercials 71. In other words, I have no lie. I hate sports. Well, watch it all for the six. Now, tell me again, what's the Super Bowl 29 real comedians? I'll tune in only for the guys in their tight pants 26. You're fairery. I won't watch about I'm a football fan 22. That's what I said. That's because I'll be out of town. I'll be a way far away. I'll be otherwise aquapato, hopefully. I'll tune in for the cheerleaders 19. I hate this bowl 16. I'll be there at the game 7. I'll listen to the game on Radio 7. I'll tune in only for the half time show. Talk about I have no lie. Six. They're going to tune in for the half time show. I was it last year or was it the year before they had Paul McCartney there. They looked down to the day over 110. Last year, I think. Or was that there? Let me ask you this. Since I'm old and gay, you're great. I'm not really great. Actually, my hair is still black when I let it grow out, which I'm not going to do. I like the Ashavin. But who do you think looks older? Paul McCartney or yours truly? What do you have in Cemion? Wow. How long was the last time I was down there in the studio? I don't know. I'm not giving you a ballpark. What were you two years? A couple years? A couple years? So you haven't seen me in a couple years. Let me tell you right now, I looked just like Ryan Philippe and I know who you did last summer. Okay. No, seriously. I think he looks older than I do. He looks at a rough life. You know? A lot of heavy drugs, a lot of sorrow, a lot of service. I mean, we all have our shirts. But he's had, you know, a pomegranate and then he had that bitch for it. And I didn't lind it died, right? Yes. And then he had this, a Heather Heather or peg leg. No. She's a peg leg, huh? Yes, she is. I wonder she knows if they know Jim Lampley. And hold it. Cremo. What does the deal with your behavior? I go bitch it. I go with this strange knife. How the comers he could. Some dector cut the mess with this, and you was washed. All you did, sign failed. But if won't be your last, they would have a bitch, and audition led them now. Gazing, hair stings. Sorry, that was mean. And then he used up some things. And everybody's her 30-year-year-year-year-year-year-婆. Let's see, we put, put, put, put. I took it, then you proved the poop. Acting like the soup. I'm gonna go for a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit But the difference is that lots of ... things like yourédious tonal guitar was inspired by the rapper Kennen play I'm знает honestly from I want you to say, and you can't say what? Say, and you say it with the ear, and not the ear. I want you to say, and you can't say what? I think it's a bit of a... Just stop saying the word. I just stop saying the word. I just stop saying it. I'm not making a thing. I know I'm not a job, I'm not getting out of any my career. It's a forbidden home boy that comes with E. Hey, hey, they're going to play a game game game game game play. Dang, dang, dang, dang. Hold them. You got it, you ask for it you got it, and the church George was the one who came up with the name of that. And how do you find it? Did a little search here, the only research. And we came up with a for the for you, the Michael Richards Rapp. Disperse future reference for people who love and I love little progress for crapp. A Barry-Girriff's Orph is Vy-Tance Force. Deputies will be conducting Vy- 1993 Baturls this Sunday, February 4th. From 9min to 5min morning at the following Morning... appointment. Ninety until five the following morning in the areas of your field beach, Papa to reach an Oakland Park, impaired drivers will be identified, the U.S. will be actively enforced. Let me see it again. This Sunday from 9 o'clock at night till five of the Monday morning in areas of your field beach, Papa to reach Oakland Park. See that business about areas? Well, what does that mean? What do you mean? Well, I mean, the previous ones have all told us like a street, a road, a highway, a public tent, a, a, a, a good to keep you guessing. All the sack? Huh? They're going to violate that Supreme Court order by not telling you where they're going to be. I see, in other words, if we're attending, they're right. Well, there's violating the right. I got to find out what to deal with with Morton's in the palm. I know that obviously they're two separate places and I have never eaten a new one of himself for it. I just know Ruth Chris used to be my very favorite, but the one in North Army Beach has long gone and the other one. Well, last time I was there, I had a list of I such a splendid experience. Can we put it that way? what the Morton's words and it was just fun. Wasn't. Yes. I heard Chris that was very expensive. I don't know if I can handle that. I think that he was a poor today. This is somebody sent this one in. I think the real new Rogers is we have 970 already. By the top of the hour we're going to be close to a 1000 votes already. How do you like that all you visitor about a town, huh? About in the in the in the Pococchi and the Yorkian don't kind of 1000 votes on the poll do they. In Canada they will be your if they don't kind of like 50. I wouldn't mind going back there someday. And I did that years ago. I went back to Rochester and can't do it through upstate New York. In fact you know something I got pulled over. I was driving like a bad out of hell. And that pulled over by cop. I was speeding. There's no question about it. And I said I said you know I grew up here and I'm driving the country side. I just lost lost track. I have some flowery be a story. And he never gave me a ticket. He said I was really great. And I know how that is. But just to watch your speed. You know, I think you're going to be no ticket. Just like in Pembroke Pines not. I think of any place I've ever lived in my life. Pembroke Pines has got to be about the worst for. Well, plantations don't pretty good. They're over there on the old high this road, which is not like nobody drives anymore. And they sit under the palm trees. They shoot the old rate of the same old games. You know, because they're keeping a safe and protecting us from ourselves. No, you're about to. You have to have a bad. Tafton high this is where I live. Oh yeah. Ville's uh, lakes. Was that the name of the john right by the tennis courts here. You know, I'm talking about this. I do. I live there for a couple years. In fact, Bill Colvern is wife lived like in the next. And the next group of the villas over so was really good. And I, well, anyway, I think that really a lot of you is legendary. 265. Now you're talking, okay. There's some of these restaurants that are legendary, but not as legendary as yours truly. No, God. That's for a damn sure. Just ask anybody who knows me. I'll tell you what a legendary pain in the ass I can be. And I second that emotion. A sweet old guy, 250 and they'll tell you that too. I'm sweet. Right. Right. And insecure geek, 107. See, now I don't know. That's just first of all, I'm not a geek. And what do I have to be insecure about? Now, I will say this that, you know, when I got on that my space thing there a couple of months ago and we started that which we now have 1158 friends by the way. 1158. Hmm. When I started on there, um, I became insecure. But I don't think I'm justifiably so would you? You think so? Yes. What does that mean? That you should not have become insecure over, you know, over that first experience? That activity, basically. It all belongs on that. Because it's a screen, the world on the other side of it isn't real. Yeah. All right. That's why. So whatever we're going to do on the other side of the world is, if it just pop up on your computer screen, should not affect you. Are you here crazy for me? Okay. Well, what does that mean? Whatever words, in other words, all the, uh, just like just what people tell your actual word. When you tap on the TV screen or the computer screen, this is this world and there's that world and maybe you'll find a human in that world, but don't expect it. And if you did great, but you shouldn't have gotten all that out of shape over phony crap that some people were pulling on you. Uh, okay. Let's get back to this pool. All right. I think the real new Rogers is legendary 267, a sweet old guy, 277, and insecure geek 108, a homebody 87, a horn dog, 67. Well, you show me a guy who isn't, and I'll show you somebody who's in the ground. A horn dog on there, horn dog, and I'll like horn dogs. That's for red next. Corn dog. So it is. Right away. Corn dog. Just like in biscuits. You know, I remember hearty said then biscuits, better than those real. Oh, God. Those are the words. And if you will, 55% of the audience thinks that the real new Rogers is an evil and so proud of that. But a lovely little and a legendary, a whole. Anybody can be your ordinary pedestrian, a whole, but I made legendary, a whole. How do you like that? Put that in your pipe and smoke it straight 47 years ago. So long. Warmen, cutty 43. Almost without going 28. No, I'm not not going 20. I don't know. I think better than I used to be. I'm not saying I was like a recalustrating like that, but I haven't been outgoing. 28. And evil bastard 26, no question. I hate this poll only 23, 2.3%. And that's because of course, they have a chance to get shot. And a social butterfly 18 you should live so long. Definitely not a social butterfly. If I were a social butterfly, can you even imagine? Can't you even imagine my life would have been like? 986 votes already. We're going to be right on the verge of a major. Such a little event by the top there. We're going to be right on the verge of a major. It's speaking of that. It's a major. A desperate Chinese university student wants to read a girlfriend for 10 days. So we can show her off to his parents over the Lunar New Year holidays. State media reported today in Beijing. Everything we did now is coming from Beijing. Chinese got all our money. They got all of our chips. The physics student who gave his name as Ju Li Ji, I gotta tell you really, well, I don't have time for it. I was on the elevator. My building couple days ago. And it was this young girl came on the elevator. And there was this older Chinese couple. Of course, there's 400,000 Chinese people in Toronto. And the old guy was sitting and said, oh, you're Chinese? She said, yeah. I checked out how far I could put you there. I checked her. And he looked at her like, ah, well, you say. Anyway, the physics student posted it in, and I just almost, yeah, I think it's a big country. Yeah, I think it's a big country. Yeah, I think it's a big country. I do. In fact, you remember Canton, Canton, speaking of the one they see in Love them, Road. Is that still there? That was a great play. That was a great, and I'm going to tell you they have great steak too. You know, some of the really good, like, Christine Lee used to be known for their great steak, but I have a feeling the orders were giant, gigantic. Really? The physics student posted another son of Bolton board at Peking University offering a thousand one. That's 130 bucks to woman who opposes his girlfriend, pose as his girlfriend for the trip home for the holiday. Shin Wan, news agency, be saying. The ads said the woman should be an honest kind in similar age girl with a diploma. The Lunar New Year holiday, which starts February 18th is years the most important family holiday in China. Shin Wan said, you had told his parents who were pressuring him to get a girlfriend that he'd been studying too hard and had no time to meet a potential partner. In other words, he's yeah, he's what he's trying to say. Peking University officials in the police have warned women to be wary of such ads. Wang Chishang, a professor of the South Calgary Institute of the Chinese Academy Sciences, was quoted as saying, Zhuo was trying to show filial piety to his parents, but was only cheating them. In other words, she was going to be the beard. Is what the deal was. Because he's probably okay. Well, let me say this to you, Zhuo. Zhuo, you forever, you're named. Okay, good Chinese people. You're full of me. Uh-huh. Gay Asian people. And I bet you there could be more than 40 million of them right here. And safety. Go to the enemy. Go to the enemy. Go to the enemy. Go to the enemy. Go to the enemy. Go to the enemy. Go to the enemy. Go to the enemy. Go to the enemy. Go to the enemy. Go to the enemy. Go to the enemy. You sir, be a kind of aSPD You're the fight's wait, called back of you, the traitor. Yes that's enough. You made me beautiful. You're ever The would proof that you're sure you'll betray your facts every whole in vain. You're never your savior. Never at all! Say, you fear me. You're starting to shoot us. Do it. Don't run, you know, we need it. Don't run, you know, we need it. And don't run, you know, we need it. Here there'll be a pillar to catch a tear you've got. And say you were lost, they threw them. Here there'll be no boxes for sparse with their matter to go on. Here there'll be a pillar to catch a tear. You know, how the baby lives whoops. You know, what the bitchie's on? You. The ice princess, baby, she wants to be president. We got a fat governor in Florida. Charlie Chris, hey Charlie, you're fair, which is just fine. Okay, this old faggot proof. So that, even though he's a Republican, but he never stole a free train. He probably got a lot of boyfriends around. And then we got Swallrey, who of course everybody calls the ice princess and a lot of rumors about her being lesbian. And even as much as you guys are in the lesbian, you should've want to see her doing nobody. No. Oh, and if you ever look at that video on our, the, you. Oh, no, I forgot. Yes, I get on it. It's right on our, I mean, my space page there. Fuck, I think it might be right off there by the top. That's from that real world of Denver show that I keep like, over and unfortunately, do it at that. The rest of the, I bet you are if you're looking at that, but unfortunately, the rest of the show was none there. And no one, I heard that that guy was gay. Oh, good, God. I may have to just lay down on the floor for the Wankanda. A major anti-terrorism rating that you, K, was intended to fall apart to kidnap a Muslim soldier, serving in the British Army and be hit him. I don't think I like about those schmothaids, men. They're really civilized, you know? That chop chop square there in a real hot and Saudi Arabia. Chop chop square. Police arrested eight people during a series of early morning raids in Birmingham, Central England, early the day, according to statements released by the police and the home Orifice. The home Orifice said the eight were arrested in Birmingham by West Midlands Police, and the country's anti-terrorism laws. You arrested not involved a part-to-cost marriage cat, mass casualties. What are you saying? But instead of casualty, mass casualties, the kidnap of British Muslim soldier of certain Afghanistan, he seems to be pretty sure it's told CNN. They certainly not knew his network. Once kidnapped, the attack was alleged to the planet videotape the torture and execution of the soldier for later publication on the internet. Media reports had the problem involved and he racked style execution. Chop chop. Oh, the weather. Just so let's get to the important stuff. Okay, let's find out which state house is the very best. Now, if somebody calls in and says, Smith and Walunce, you know what they're going to hear? Remember that? I do remember. And I still have that beautiful knife set that they brought me up. You know, then I ripped them and asked on the ear. Because that wasn't going to lie about the food. I went there, actually. You went to Smith and Walunce. It was better than the Cractic Brothers in the studio? No. No matter if I had it's bad. It might have been worse. It wasn't good, huh? No. There's nothing worse than a bad piece of meat on the table. I mean, how often have you gone to a steak house and they actually serve you a burnt steak? I don't mean overcooked or, you know, you ordered it medium well and they, you know, you got it more medium than well, etc. I mean, it was burnt to a crisp. I do, you know, I just saw, I want to steak. I'm not going to talk about what you're talking about. I'm just saying on a steak, you know, when there's like fat around the edges and they cook it like nice and extra long and it's like, yeah, real crispy. Sure. And crispy, fat almost burnt, you know? Hmm. Anyway, like that fat did. So, Morton's and then there's the palm and then you're talking about the roadhouse and then you're talking about the house. Well, and then of course that's more in your budget, I guess. Yeah. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. And in the capital grill, we haven't had any call about did we? We didn't go to that first of all, but I just backed to a list somebody said it. It didn't come through for so let me see if my paper is jamming. Let me know about jam on it. Uh-oh. Jam on it. Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! testified that we talked about Valerie Fenglossan's identity at a second meeting two days before the former Chief of Stafford Cheney says he learned a variety of identity. In 2005, I'll still be a reporter for the New York Times' members spent 85 days in jail because she refused to testify before a grand jury investigating who outed Wilson, while I didn't know he was gay. It is a crime to knowingly reveal the identity of an undercover intelligence agent. Now I think it's good to really, he's going to go up the river and then he's going to start talking Bup-Bup-Bup. He's going to be like Frankie Pantangeli. And then at the hearing they're going to bring his brother into New York country. It was between the brothers with a little red hat or a little red ball. Look at this, this is a best day, cows is in Miami. This is off the wicked web of course and what you were telling me before, don't pay an intention to the word. Well, what kind of a statement was that? So in other words, when you're corresponding with somebody online just because it's on the monitor there, it's on a comparison. There's a reason. Plistic, but it's you. You can't trust what you see all the time. Well, what does that mean? It means to get to allow yourself to get upset over some things that some anonymous person wrote or even some real person that you don't know that well, you know, we expect more of you. Why is it gold man like you should know that? Then let's talk. Play with you. And your close friend Brandon says, hey, there's nothing wrong with Burke. Me, I have no idea what he means. I'm pretty sure I don't want to go there. I don't want to hear about it. I don't know. Yeah. Capital, I don't know what it means. Play. Yeah. And you order it. Let's say medium. You want a little bit of pink in the middle. And they like, shula. And they drop this hockey puck on your plate. That ain't so good. I think you're trying to say you're not a big fan of Smith and Melonsky. Yeah. I've got to say for a second that day. But I'll tell you the nice said they brought in. I cutlery said with some fabulous. I still haven't had my home. They cut. Thank you so much for that beautiful cutlery said to our close friends at Smith and Melonsky. Now do something about that food. And here's the list that's gone on here. Oh, wait till we get to number three. Number one, now these listed in what order alphabetical I guess? Yeah, alphabetical. Capital Grill. 444 brick-al Avenue Miami. And the River Gate Plaza. Juicy Porterhouse takes North Atlantic Lobsters. Grill seafood and classic desserts. Mmm. Sounds good. Of course they're all going to sound good, right? Yeah. She must take house, brought vegan, brought vegan, man. That's the 24-minute east last, last, last, last, last and four-lob. If Brazilian barbecue is your thing, this is your place, it's it. And then of course there's more details on here. If you need to make reservations on this thing, it's best day, cows is Miami Science South Florida. Number three on the list is the Ford. Oh, speaking of the Myerlansky and the Jacky Mason. Big and reputation and in with celebrity circles, the stylist forge, finally as a menu to match its ambiant mode. What it says, this is not a good copy. Anyway, that of course is 432-41th Street Miami Beach. And if you're sure the Myerlansky and the CEO of the Myerlansky, you'll see it in the front part of the restaurant. If not, they'll sit you away in the back room like they did with me. That was a long time ago. They wouldn't mess with me right now. I'll tell you that. Argentinian steak house, last Vacas Gorbdus, last Vacas Gordus, that's on the Miami Beach 93-3-Normally Drive. It said the Myerlansky and grill steak South especially, this Argentine restaurant should be no surprise. They're so reasonably priced. It is. I don't want to go reasonably priced. I want to go top-dory. You know, I want to be idiot. Morton steak house, oh, this is in West Palm this one. It doesn't even list the one that we're talking about. 777 South Flag or West Palm at Phillips Point says steak is King and Warren's the offer high heat they use for serving the livers among the tastiest meats in Miami. Send the roof crystals the same thing. Morton steak house. And by the way, it was Chris. Let me just warn you again that they brought all the steaks in butter and if you have a sense of the stomach say, hold the butter please, you're going to be making an curry very fast run. Morton's in Boca and it says the same thing. Olaw steak and top-as Latin American that's in the Gables. 320 Samarrens of Avenue. Bring your inner carnivore to this innovative pan-laton steak house. The palm there we go East Bay Harbor in Bell Harbor. What do I say to the palm was on keep his skin? What the hell do I know? Bell Harbor. Maybe I could stop at Neiman Marcus because I, you know, is it New New Year's ago? I got an Neiman Marcus credit card. I'm actually going to let's do that story about the guest I had on the year that time. Yeah. I thought he was the credit card champion of the world. That was the KAT 100 years ago. And I opened up my at that time. I was collecting every credit card I could get and of course using some of them too, which is not going to be a idea. But I had a Jordan Marsh and an Iiman Marcus which I had never loved Jordan Marsh. Every time there's a story I like they got a business. Sure. I think it was personal. Huh? He was be responsible for zhaers. And he didn't know I didn't know I said he didn't have a Jordan Marsh and there was one other card I had and he just went ballistic because this guy had every credit card he had a wall with there was so fat. How fat was it? Pretty fat. The palm steak house East Bay Harbor, Bell Harbor, which is cubby of scale steak house changed it also delivers man of loftiers and addictive shoestring onions. Prime one twelve in Miami Beach. A hip and hugely popular steak house with great meats and a diverse selection of equally satisfying salad size. Starches and seafood. Oh, starches. Fat. So it's crisp in four-laterdale. Unfortunately this one still lists the one in North Miami Beach which is no longer there. It says savvy servers and sophisticated line list enhances serious buttery steaks. That's Ruth Chris. Shueless on the beach. You know I'm all these years that I worked at IOD and it was a sponsor and here and it was big although now I guess it's across this week because they got to the often games of whatever. Remember our guys used to all the sports nerds used to do all their shows from Shuelers and y'all. I never gotten invited. I guess the brain stem doesn't like me or whatever. This was I called in the brains stem on year all the time. Three twenty one North Atlantic Boulevard Fort Lauderdale any place where they bring you the menu on a football. I don't know. I mean that doesn't mean that food is good. No, I just I don't know. It's a little bit too. I thought the little dorky I got at the end. And then the shueless at Lussewood it says about Shueless. Primarily a meat palace reserved for dolphin football fans. Well that leaves me up. This particular shueless located in a resort hotel. Miami Beach in the Alexander has a softer side and a kids menu. And then there's one of my me likes. That's the one that the guys used to do. And then there's one of Palm Beach gardens. And then there's Smith and Walunski but it doesn't say anything here. There's a little bit more. There's a little bit more. Yeah, just as well. If you rip them and ask, that was very insensitive of you. But probably very accurate. And then Tusk and steak at Tanya. And that's Italian. Baby, man, jemans, social mouth. That's a 471 Washington Avenue. Like a well age quarantine steak. The cuisine that does Italian steak houses improved with time. It says. But there are links to click more on here. Get more details. So there's like a little synopsis. And this doesn't even include the Morton's on this kind of 173. But I'm sure it's equally outstanding. It sounds good to me. It doesn't sound good to you. Yeah, that sounds good. And guess what? I'm not taking you there. The odd scene. So fast. Now I'm at the beach. So fast. My gosh, my gosh. The banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. All across the country, people are really busy for dinner. In the radio, Texas, the thing of Miami's being poisoned by bad fuzz. In the walk, these stay a fleet of these choking the death on a water filling room. And in catering name, the Johnson, the watching of the gene, had a chlorinated. The doc says a life down the beating bird, which is blocked as arteries stivered in a hangman's news. At the end of the day, nothing kills so many people in so many different ways. Beef. It's what's for dinner. Possibly you're last here. 11 17, but what a way to go, huh? And we got a 142-box on a pool. I'm really impressed and distressed. Aren't you? That's amazing. I'm walking on peanut shells. I'm so nervous about this. We have a good show. I've never heard about the, they actually do have peanut shells on a floor. Yes. What's the significance of that? Seasier throw it a little bit of garbage. Oh, I see. And when you're eating them, you just heat them on a floor. That's right. And what about when you're, like, the gristle from the steak or whatever you like? Like every non-duty kid like you've got two, we spit it in the booth. That's it. All right. Sounds like a real classy place. WDQAM, hello. Steak central, hello. How about that, man? How you doing, buddy? Pretty good, pal. Um, you have you heard of Bayleen? What is it? Bob Bayleen, it's on Gorobile. Never heard of it. Gorobile, where it is, that's it. Uh, so I'm coconut grove just just north of, uh, like, peacock park. Oh, I see, okay. I'm mercy, yeah. Hey, you make you something about, um, canton, and it's still there. Hey, the one on the, the one on the, see how it, by the, the load there? Yeah, yeah, yeah, the down the street there. Uh, but there's actually better place in town. It's called Grand China. Uh, a down a couple of days. Excellent. Cover Bay. Yes, way better than Grand, than, uh, canton. Really? Yes. Okay, I'll try, pal. Thanks. All right, you have a good one. You'll be pleased to know I'm so whipped up with all this talk about. Because I don't have, like, time to make a steak here or anything like that. I've got some, uh, Omaha stakes in the freezer. They've been there for about four years. I don't think, I don't think that we too taste you. What am I going to get around with throwing those babies out of? But, uh, they went, uh, man, I see we're ripping all these places. That's not good. And what doesn't matter on the, uh, Omaha stakes to me, which I used to, you know, me, I used to order those all the time. I'll see, sure those rot worse. That's what I'm making me right now. Not one of those, but some other kind of button to market. I'm making me a brat worse right now because I'm, you know, You're ready for vacation number one. And number two, all this talk about delicious meats in everything. I just worked up an appetite plus it's what by Wednesday. I don't get to have, like, really any real lunch. I Wednesday, which is good. I don't need it. And that's right. See, woodwind died. Very expensive diet. But I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm going to have a hit. I'm just like a term. You sit there and you're plunging the machine. I think I'm just going to play the five dollar machines. I would have about 50 grand a day. How's that sound? All right. WDQAM, or maybe I'll play the mega bucks for the four and a half million me. The most I ever made there, I got a raise when they put me on instead of three or six. They expanded me to two to six. Thanks a lot by the way, Sid. Yeah, they put me on for an extra hour and instead of two 25 a week. I was getting to 75 a week. Wow. Man. But I had just a sitting credit cards. I didn't have a z-ers card. I don't know. Zair's to me was like a low rent, a K-mart. Am I wrong? It was like K-mart. I don't know which one was lower. And what's the place that replaced your march, which I think is also gone already? I don't know. I don't know. Oh no, dillard's just still there. Right? Does anybody shopping in there when I go in? But I like dillard. Still isn't just fine. Of course, I said that about your, I don't know. I don't know. Oh no, dillard's just still there. Right? Does anybody be shopping in there when I go in? But I like dillard. Still isn't just fine. Of course, I said that about your march, too, and they went out of business. As opposed to burgines, which you know, it's right there in a bowler ball. Does anybody still shopping in a bowler ball? That's a good question. Uh. I don't know anybody. My mother did, but of course she's dead. If anybody QAM, hello. Okay. There's one of the button. How come you like pot of that dow? We like that dow tone, Chris. Leave it up there. Leave it nice and strong and masculine, baby. They show with this. Huh? I'll push it up next time. Yeah, just jam on it. Which reminds me of that brought words. They got my French as mustard here already. Oh, I'm all excited about my brought words. Mm-hmm. WQA. QAM. Hello. Look at that. Two for two. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. We're not that place. I think it was called Susan Grey. So he could eat Grey. Oh, God. Oh, this guy again. We believe you know who that is, do we? No. Talk about it. One dimensional jam. Sure. Because it's all. You know, there must be one of his ex-wife, something like that. Some brother. It's her voice. Yeah, maybe the current one. Maybe the mother-in-law. Who knows? WQAM. Hello. QAM. Yeah, no. Yes, sir. Your shell is still interesting. Yeah. There are almost these interesting is your call. Yeah. Come on. You can do a pali. A little bit more material. Come on. Take a more like to think that out. Yeah. Okay. How does interesting is that call though? That is exciting. QAM. QAM. Yes, sir. Capital glue is very good. I got a place that's better than I did. A place? If you don't like it, I'll treat. It's flaming steak house in Korgue. Flaming steak house. Is that flem as in PHLVGM? Yeah, something like that. Yeah. Thank you, please. Okay. Thanks, pal. I'll try that please. Thank you. You heard what he said? You seem pleased. Yeah. I hear the flavor wave just popped off there. Pete, Pete. I hear that. It's going like. You know what that means, don't you? Thought worst. That means my brought worst is ready. And I'll stay hot and air in the flavor wave. We'll keep warm in the drain. Oh, there's your present by the way. There's dumbbells. Here's a post. There's the mass butcher of VC. The butcher of Baghdad. The butcher of the universe. There's a man that's still not one but two presidential elections. You got to hand it to them man. They sure know how to do it. But nevertheless, see how I can bother me anymore. I just don't, I'm worried about good things. Like having a great dinner. You know, great thing. For HCC state. I'll say to this much, the roof Chris here in Toronto and the Hilton Hotel on Richmond and University. That one is outstanding. It's great. Yeah, just in case next time you're up here, you know. All right. Like this weekend. There you go. In fact, I won't be here. So use the apartment. Honestly, Pat, but as your friend, I'll go to use the state. I'll go to the police to say, oh, good. I'll go to the police. Yeah, how bad. I'll find much. 25, past 11 and 5, 60, WQM. Bill. Oh. Oh. He said he said he said it more than lost one of his most dynamic and influential super star. Really did, really did. James Brown died early this morning at Landa Hospital. He said he said he said they didn't pass with a flower by his head. He's not there. He's not legally married. Young girl, white one, some of this red. Everyone already said they're well. The binnabal, a mountain, you start in the smell. Bunches of people are in your will. Just why are you dying here still? I am in the living room. You don't say your word. I'm waiting for you to say, oh, then get on up. Man, I'm twisted. No one will bury me. No one will bury me. And I'm starting to run by the minute that you bury me. This minute maybe no one will bury me. No one will bury me. When you put me in the ground by tomorrow. And I'm really starting to believe that you think I am. I'm in the phone's a bow. Oh, jump back, give on to me. He's still doing it all James, man. He can't keep a good man down. No one will say that's what they say. These legends are in. And then, okay, let's see how the polls come along. Speaking of maybe in so legendary. But not bad. By the top of the air, we'll have 1100 licks. Just like a popsicle. I think the real real revolution is legendary to it. And I'm not sure, but I'm not there today. Aren't they? They're all over me. Like stink on Joyce. Wow. Who would take it back? Yeah, better. I don't take a bath. You know what I said yesterday about people take bath? Yeah. If you, I mean, if you don't have a shower, and I can't take too many homes that don't have a shower, can you imagine a house that doesn't have a shower? That's been going for the last 20 years. Got to watch tub. Ooh, man. You're sitting in your own pure man in a bathtub. I can't even imagine taking a bath. Although my mother used to like zitspats. Don't ask me what that is. I have no idea. Oh, now I just wanted to take a nice zitspats. You know, like when you get married and see how zitspats. I thought it was a sits bath. Zitspats. I think the neat real-nergy is his legendary 289, a sweet old guy, 238. Now if you put those two together and you've got almost half the audience, isn't that wonderful? But then they start taking a few shots, which is fine. I can deal with it. I can handle it. And in secure geek, 117, a home body, 95. I ain't no home body. I've got a pretty soon start putting my clothes on. You're ready to go to wood by a man. I'm going out on the found. A horn dog, 75. And a whole 56. 5.1% of the audience thinks I'm off. I'm the real-lear rages as an a whole. Well, back at you. Straight, 53. Uh-huh. Woman, probably 47. Evil bastard, 32. Outgoing. About third man. Likely story. I hate this pull 29. Amir at 2.6%. And a social butterfly 19. 1.7% of 1081. See, I don't want to be a social butterfly. I mean, I would rather be like, you know, look like everybody always says Brad Pitt. He looks so good anymore. I'd rather look like a Brady Quinn. Okay. I would rather be like, you know, look like everybody always says Brad Pitt. He looks so good anymore. I'd rather look like a Brady Quinn. Okay. It's a little bit wrong with that. That's it. And I'd rather be like, how old is Brady Quinn, 22.23. I'd rather be that age, you know. It looks just like that. Then I'd be really, and know what I know now. See, that's the problem in life. We all say the same thing. If I was there young again and know what I know now. But of course, if you were there young and you wouldn't know what you know now. But if you had your brothers, right? Susan Cornwall, right? On writers, Congress can stop the Iraq War experts to lawmakers. US Congress says the power to end the war in Iraq, a former Bushman's Christian Attorney and other high-powered legal experts told us, and hearing yesterday, Tuesday. With many lawmakers posted confront George W. Bush by voting disapproval of his war policy in the coming days. Four out of five experts called before Senator Judiciary Committee said, Congress should go further and restrict or stop US involvement if it shows as in right now, right this second as I speak. Just like how a deal was screaming there or network. Remember that that turned it off right now in the middle of the sentence. In fact, that wouldn't be surprised. Listen to me. Television is not the truth. So turn off your television and say, turn them off right in the middle of the sentence. Just like that. I love the way his eyes used to bulge out of his head every time before he would like. Yes, you know? You think that we're going to like pop right out? Kind of like a Betty Davis eyes. Or Martha, what's your name? Barbara Bush eyes. I think the Constitutional scheme does you Congress brought a 30 to terminative war set brand for Barronson, a Washington war who was the White House associate council under Bush from 2001 to 2003. It is ultimately Congress that decides the size, the scope and duration of the use of military force, said what are Dellinger, former acting solicitor general, the government's two pound of him before the Supreme Court in 1967, then an assistant attorney general three years before that. The hearing was frequently punctuated by outbursts from more than a dozen anti-war protestors who were asked several times to be quiet but not thrown out. A some committee chairman said it was a Westfine gold city would introduce it to Bill today, prohibiting the use of funds for the war six months after an actment. Today we've heard convincing testimony and an analysis that Congress has done to stop the war if it wants to, said fine gold, it was constant democrat. The expert took a more limited view of Congress's powers of the West Constitution, Robert Turner, the University of Virginia School of Law, echoed Bush's frequent assertion that in matters of war he is the decideder. In the convict of war in the convict of war in affairs, the president is in fact the decideder, Turner, said he suggested law makers might need to run for president if they want to man's war policy. Well, most of them are aren't they? So we got more people running for president. Isn't this all the steak talk make you just, I mean the broadwashed was good but just you know, just kind of like teases your palate a little bit. Yeah guys. So you never ate a chules, you never going to use females either. You think that by now with all the, no no no, I ate a chules a couple times but and it was as if we told you that he free meals, all the time they got, the guys that Nick cigars took us all out to chules. Never took me? No. Don't show her. Yeah and, and it was good. I forget what the other occasion was but I've been there a couple times. And it was basically, did they actually bring your football? It's got the menu on it. Yeah, yeah they do. We got the picture of the young gym manage up on the wall along with all the other 72 dogs. Wow. Really live in that era. But yeah, that real, real football. Nice one. Nice one. Yeah, not used with the expensive man. That's right. You got the hand written on it. Hand read and you sit there holding it and kind of rotate it. And the football too. Yeah. And, but the, the food was very, very good. Oh, well that's nice. But it's the first place you haven't ripped your far today of the mornings. You said it was good though, right? It wasn't supposed to go. Well if I go there, I knew recommendation it better than well be good because otherwise you're, you're never going to look at the end of it. If you get a bad meal there, you could see back me in the middle. Well, I looked on their website and of course, leave it to them. Anybody with the website is going to say we got the best, you know, fill in the jar and can away. It says the greatest stakes in the world are at Morton's thick. I was that's what they say. Now that's quite a statement, you know? I would say Ruth's Chris was better and thank you for the meal that I had there. But what if what if whatever wherever it was, you took us all there. It took a bunch of us there. It was in for a longer deal. And you know, wait, well, let me tell you who ate with this, if that particular meal along with his girlfriend. Okay, I'm going to clear it up. Oh, I, blah, blah, blah, blah. That's right. Now I was talking about him yesterday, JP, right? Oh, he was, he was a nice guy. It's, it was a really nice thing to me that he was very hairy like a Sasquatch. It means nothing to me. You're talking about his body was very hairy. Like Ron Jeremy only in one of those. I don't know how you didn't notice. You know the wolf boy that I was going to notice because when he was around me, he never looked at his shirt up. Okay, so I never really noticed that. He wouldn't have had to, it's him. I don't call him a listing people had worked because sexual harassment in the workplace is probably not a really bad habit. That's the thing. Franchise, you show me your torso. Would you have not been in the show? It's a me out saying it. You would have to read. He would end ran. No, I would not. Really? The, like, like I'm monkey. And by the way, the hair was coming up out of his collar. How could you not notice that? I'm, he probably kept his collar shut real tight when he was around me. He was a nice kid. He was a very nice kid. Well, there you go. And had a beautiful face. I never forget the first time I walked by. He was in turning, I guess. And he was sitting in the control room there with Robert the griefer. I come in in the morning and I talk to myself. Who would have had a, how is that in there? We've got somebody who looks actually human in our building. That can't be for real. Yeah. I hid just spun around like a drill. I snapped around. Do you ever see anybody that looks so good that your head kind of like snapped around? Oh, that's right. Like was on a rubber band all the time. They call me the rubber band man. What they call it? My sister, they call me as the A hole. How many we got for that? 56 58. 5.0. I'm going to end the members going up by the second now. I think you're going to play the rubber band. That was a rubber band. Oh, I did. Well, 21 before noon at QN. By the way, if you're in town for the Super Bowl, let me just make a good suggestion to you. Okay, we'll give you all this great restaurants you can try. Yeah. And as soon as the game is over, get out as fast as you can. Holy Macaron. This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority. Neil God. I'm a rock. I'm a rock. You stink so today, coat I'm retiring. From coaching football. Big fan of Bill Fossil. I want to best ever. I'm a rock. I'm a rock to the coach of those old-alist cowboys. I know to be missed. Not only about the cowboys. I love four seasons. He had some good luck. Except for that lost to see and all that sucks. I'm a rock to the coach of those old-alist cowboys. I did the see if the boy gave the list that far. Now he will retire. Do something else that he loves. He failed out his players or the ones that the cops tried to hold. He's one of the call of police. Somebody's going to need a talk to the police. All those mischmometers and felonies and the drugs that they sold. You're not a drug. Are you? Yeah. Is this a crank? Delogidum. Children and more run-ins with the law. Had his players come and go in. But the very worst thing that was part of his job was coaching folks like Terrellowins. So I love couple of crumbs. I'm a song to the coach of those old-alist cowboys. I love you. I love you. I'm glad. And through all of four seasons he had some good luck. Except for that lost to see how old that sucks. I'm a song to the coach of those old-alist cowboys. All right, you're out. I love you. He gave them his set fire. Now he will retire. Do something else that he loves. Oh, whoa. Exactly. I couldn't have said it better myself. And that brought words. Remember what I was saying the other day about how when you start eating? It stimulates your appetite. Right. I could have said here night eating it all which I usually do all Wednesday and go right off to Wood by. And I had the brought words. And now I'm having my trace Stella Swiss cheese. Hmm. Trace Stella. Real small. See real Italian. Anyway, I'm ready to gag on this. So release you to send me here now. John Flaisman reports in the aherald coming out of retirement. John Fully crossed junior. Fully's coming back. Oh, right. Cross who left live 100 May after 32 years will host a Saturday talk show on WIOD. Starts on February 10th. 9am to noon. It's a week from this Sunday. Oh, I'm sure you'll be tuned in. Huh? Not. It's going to be all about sound Florida Cross. It's going to have a lot to say. Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap. In fact, if anybody in the audience wants to look a little preview of the a footage show, the talk show. There we go. 9am to noon. 7am. Why? That's good. That's something. Cross 59. We're just just free and chicken. Link to the week's show, which owns both stations. WIOD. I'm curious about what they are. He had an uncompete room with a lot of 100 kept him from going to another station in the market in Dungeoning Way 1. I agreed to this January 4. He said, he hints that a full time come back as in the works, but not morning drive time. In his 3 plus decades of while 100 Crossroads at 4505 and more in the host from 6 to 10am, no-mass manianna see jokes. Never doing warnings against the plate every day. Well, good for you, Fully. The Saturday show is a good first step for Cross NWLVs George Tools. Queer channel, I mean, is President Markid Manager. He's pretty pumped. The station is two billboards at a footy print. Sproubled up on 95 in the turn plate. Well, that's nice. He's got billboards with LB. Pop's got Janko. Look what I got. Right? Right. Janko, Olioliva. Kate Fanny. But he like wall. Can he deliver a line or what? No. He never can Oli. And the early part of the movie, you like, please. You eat it. You're so skinny. You can't go away. Oh, look. The way she likes, I tons the edge of that can Oli. He's a little bit too sexual, first to talk about. During his short library term, a Cross Traveler Cuba for five days with buddy Ignacio Mendez. President of Donis the Apparel Industries, a young men's sportswear manufacturer, very emotional for me, says Mendez 45, was his first trips and sleeping out of her with a spokes at the age of eight. He showed Cross's boyhood home in Avanna. Hasn't been painted since we left. He said, if he reduced him to ants, uncles, and cousins. Says Cross, Fully. It's a giant minimum security prison for 11 million people to want to be free. And this Jack has just sitting on them and they're living an object misery. He's all about Todd, he'll talk all about it on his new show with Sam. Oh, I can't wait. I'm sitting here with David Brett or maybe it's the cheese. Sure was, by the way, all over town. Sure was take house. They're in for a lot of day off 321 north Atlantic. They're in Miami Beach in the Alexander on Coles Avenue. Fifty-second Collins. The original sure was take house and stuff. So it's one 50-fourth street. And they're all so in Palm Beach Gardens. Smith and Walensky is down there when the foot of Washington Avenue in Miami Beach. You see, actually, eight there in the restaurant? Yes. And was really bad? Yes. Okay, moving along. I didn't want to repeat that again, but I thought maybe you would want to. Whatever. Hey, listen, we just tell them the truth. Okay, nothing against them. Smith and Walensky, but they're just one of those things. You know, one of those things. We had bad experiences. You know, the school, they're just a supper. We used to go to the roadhouse a lot because we lived out by one. You'd be going to do you throw your opinion in the floor? Absolutely. That was part of the day. I never had a bad steak there. Mm-hmm. So, what was your place you would take somebody for dinner? Well, you would. Yeah. I'm not talking about you. No, it's a place that I would take the family for lunch, dinner, whatever. Kind of like, what were those things? You get that canoe and kind of a thing. Like, what was real? You go to the outback, that kind of thing. The chain of steak houses. You go to where you'd walk. You look at almost like a cafeteria line. What that was at? That was the place that had the audio can eat shrimp bar, too. What does sangria? What was it? That's sizzler. No, no, well, that's one of the ones I was thinking before the sizzler. Oh, my God. Oh, yeah. It's good to get really baked and then go on shrimp date. But what was the place that had the sangria and the audio can peel and eat and shrimp? I don't know. Somebody will know. We talk about these places as an in-time span. You can't go back. I mean, there's not going to be any more lumps. There's not going to be any more wags. You know, I loved wags. And that's not that it was great food, but for that kind of a place for a joint. That was pretty good. A joint. Don't show your picture of my son. Life is taking a star-line turn for Edward Cowell. This is in Jensen Beach. Remember Mr. Jensen in that work? Yes. Mr. Jensen. I was a net baby. He was sure seeing a different tune in that work that he was in. Oh, God. Deliverance. Life is taking a star-line turn for Edward Cowell. Poor lottery officials announced Monday that Cowell, who is a state registered sex defender, was the sole winner of the $14 million lottery drawing from January 13. Cowell, 47 years name is on an eight-page record from the FDLE elected to take a lump sum settlement, almost eight million before taxes. Before taxes, he purchased the tickets at the couple and farm stores at $175 state, a South state road, A1A in Jensen Beach. Cowell couldn't be reached for comment and the telephone service was residents. One bedroom mobile home in Windmill, Pilla J. What had been disconnected. I can't imagine why. I can't imagine why if you want eight million, you probably disconnect your phone real fast. I'll be great. I George. Attorney James Max Stokey of Stuart picked up Cowell's winning check. Cowell assigned the money to the quantum trust which he established to handle the funds. Stokey said Cowell would ask them to be as representative. How about Stokey's man? They got that peanut for let's been sitting there for about 100 years. They still have those Stokey's around like on the attorney pipe. I reckon. Not on the turnpike, but like on I-95. The rest stops. For like, turnpike too. They do. Sure. That's what they had Nathan's on the turnpike. And most of them. Both of them. There's nothing like those mother hump or pies. They still sell those at Vinnie's or not. You wouldn't know. I would dare. Why? Because you don't like Denny's. I'm going to start thinking on Denny's. You already ripped. They'll Smith and Willinsky. He's ripping every. Everyone those clicziest damage mince in town. I have it. They'll lunch. He'll have. But I have been there long time. Stokey said Cowell asked him to be as representative. He wants absolute confidentiality. Doesn't want it. Doesn't want to be bothered by people with his eight million. This shows you what a scam. What a rip off the Florida lottery is. Okay. Now that I wouldn't take the eight million and pay the taxes. But. 14 million. And if he want. Yeah. This is the guy's 47's. We'll be around a while. Maybe. But if he wants to launch something. It's only eight million. Which is what he took. So it's just over half of what he supposedly won. And then on top of that. They take taxes off. Which certainly that's going to be 40%. So that's the other three point two million. So that means he got 4.8 million out of a $14 million. Jackpot. What a rip off baby. Crap. Still. 4. Need to deserve. Nice. Again, the Canadian lottery. Like the 649 tonight. 4 is the eight million. And if I win the eight million. Which I get eight million in the cash. Canadian. Which is like 85 cents times whatever that is. It's funny. That's pretty. No taxes. No annuity for 20 years. And if you win the lottery of Florida, the challenges. If you live long enough to collect it. Otherwise, think about half of it. And then pay your taxes. And it's like he didn't even want it all. Yeah. And who wants allows you 4.8 million, right? Who wants a crappy 4.8 million? Who wants to go to a dance school? Lee Roy. Who wants to go to an F and dance school? Anyway, Lee Roy. I'm going to tell you that movie is so good. You know, underrated movies. We ought to do a thing on that again someday. Not right now, but someday. But that's one of them thing. Don't think so. It was fun. You got to see Irene Caras movies. So yeah, I like it a lot. I remember when they were in music class and the violin teacher was teaching the one kid how to hold the Oh yeah. He says, well, when we hold it with respect. And he said, you mean like my, like, yeah, like you're, yeah. Yeah, we respect. I thought there was a good one. It's a good movie. Who wants to go to an F and dance school anyway? Lee Roy. He was great. He was Lee Roy was good to his funny. And read him a renal. See you in our memories. What do you call that? Wicked. That was a wonderful scene and it even better. Wicked. Here we go. Okay. I'll have a. Fame. If you want to go see the movie this weekend, go. I went to steal it by it. I go see it by me. Grab it. 1100 free votes in a pool. We passed 1100 without even batting an eyelash just rolled them along here man on a way to would buy it on a way to a sensational day. I think the real neo Rogers and again, think is the opposite of word because very, very few of you know me even few are probably one and only and of course vice versus the same you know very few you I want to know. Now there's a nice people out there. You want to see the nice people on the, my space. Do you ever check it? You ever look at her? I got friends in my own there. You know, friend of course. Including one. Well, when I go to friends, but you have the three my good friends that's right. I think the real neo Rogers is legendary 300 legendary. Allegendary. I want you to air all the right that down. I do people from out of town. I do geeks. Neo Rogers legendary. In other words, a legendary old coat. A sweet old guy 248, which I am that that's the answer. I'm a sweet old guy. An insecure geek won 238. Homebody 99. That was a homebody right? I'm getting ready to get dressed to go to wood by. You're a good boy. That's right. And go to socialize with all the wonderful folks out there who smell maybe not too good. A horn dog 77 you bet. An A hole 65.3% say, I'm the real neo is an A hole. Straight 55. Yeah. See I'm glad that those two numbers almost match. Warm and cutty 48. An evil bastard 34. I hate this pool and outgoing. Both have a third man. 2.6% and a social butterfly, only 19. I guess you probably wouldn't categorize me as being a social butterfly. No, I would not. Or warm or shut in warm and cutty. Sure. Warm and cutty implied somebody's like touchy. Feely. Well, I think it depends. Well, some people aren't touchy. Feely. Trust me when I say the last thing. Sure. Take that. And I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels. And listening to the new role. I'm gonna use the hour. See guys. Let's go. La la la la la la la la la la. All right. Now. Oh. I want to quit. You made me. You made me. Don't let me. I'm ready. With your. No. La la la la la. He's a football player. Do a silent world of meat. You kind of got that. I want to do. Let's look and build two keys. Thank you. I want to give you a one day. But there's no chance at all. So don't let me feel spoiled squid. If I want to see you grab the balls. Don't let me go. Look at that kid. You made me. Don't let me go. I create me. Yeah. No. No. No. No. No. I got an idea of me to scream. That helps me see his balls. I can do that. I want to. That I ain't gonna. And I guess not. Go to the days that my business school. Okay. That's not so great. But I'm close to no. But it's not me. At least until he's gone. Rock solid. I'm great. Now. I want some way. Oh. You made me. Don't let me play like gravy. With you fair. You're a little lazy. Wow. Look at that kid. You made me. You told that kid. Like gravy. With. Oh. Oh. I'm not. I'm not. So go to it five sixty. WQM here. Come the fighting Irish on the field. Baby nurse. Brady Quinn. Nick it is a day bird. But I'm sure. He could be out there with Janet Jackson. See if if somebody like virul and manly would have been on that show and ripped her fake raw for her then it would have meant something you know and we still couldn't say cramp any more but nevertheless but just didn't take her bail. I want thing to say. I got only one thing to say to you just to my. That's it too. You know he's a brilliant sexy bag. I think you're part. That's what he says anyway. Yeah. Right. Just like a rod Stewart. Do you think I'm sexy? Well, let me tell you right. No chance you'd go test. I wouldn't tend to with Georgia's hand or Chris's tongue. Oh, I'm sure I got a better deal there lunch. Uh oh. I'm going to get back to my trace still. Beef steak Charlie. That's what we were trying to think of moments ago. And yeah, we've discussed all of these as it is but unlike you. I think half of the cheese just came back up. Unlike you. I enjoy that. And it's because I'm an old buddy that you don't like you. I'm going to sing about the great like the black aint in a angus. Sure. I do but I think that a large portion of the audience doesn't even remember any of those places. So they feel like they might learn something. You're of course they seem like they have lots of time. What's the bad there? I can't believe we've lost. I can't believe we've lost. I'm sure that was such a time. Probably before I was born. Huh? Yeah, you don't have these people like to learn. Beef steak Charlie. Well, what do you tell me that we have that I need show advice now. You're studying like Joe. But God already I would never presume. Yeah. Two of what. He's waiting for it right now. I beg of her. He's waving a tape in his hand right now. BAST. I got a great. I got a great story for him. True story. So I totally yesterday I'm in a little supermarket about five whatever it had wasn't afternoon. Hmm. Quarter to five. And I walk out into the, this is a little strip shopping center. I walk out and all of a sudden my thing starts vibrating and my blackberry too. I had a right between my knees. Never know who's going to call it. Might be important. That's right. And it was Joe Bell. Right. And so I talked to Joe and then we're, you know, exchanging pleasantries and he told me about the thing with the internet that happened yesterday and how I'm actually paying for that on my credit card. And the reason that they were going to disconnect is because the credit card was like expiring and I hadn't called him with a new, you know, the new, the, that's the deal. Maybe even I was paying that internet to show how cheap they are. So anyway, we got that straight now and then he tells me we'll have a great vacation. And I said, thanks. Somebody beat the boat and he said, well, we're going to enjoy those tapes. And I really like that loud. We all will. Don't worry folks. George will be on all next week. In fact, he'll be on Friday at one. Won't you, George? Yes, I will. And see, will. Let's see, Ontario, New York, which I had no idea where that is. It says church hosts porn and pancakes event. Not corn, but porn. That's porn with a p. Ontario New York. It's not your typical church breakfast. In the event field, this porn and pancakes is being hosted by church in rural Uffstate, New York. What we can add is about 10 miles east of Rottenchester. I should know that. God, am I double why? Yeah, at all. The breakfast discussion on the pornography of the street in America is planned next month at the living world assembly of God church. In the town of Ontario, about 10 miles east of Rottenchester. A billboard add near the church shows the words, porn and pancakes written in syrup on a stack of plant tracks. But that sounds ironic to me, not sure. Organizes total Rochester TV station and on the event. February 10th will be an honest discussion about pornography and its impact on society. The discussion will be led by triple X church or group of youth ministers who travel a country talking about porn and the porn industry. Triple X church, I've had going to bring a lot of guys to their knees. Sure. The pastor of the Lincoln Church and churches from Buffalo, Rochester and Syracuse, Ques, have asked about hosting porn and pancakes events. I'll ride. I'm not a story about Mickey work. I might have to um, um, yeah, I'll just make you hear though. Huh? Careful. Yeah, better be careful which ones are played along here. I don't come from a place where somebody says, Ha ha ha ha ha, yeah, I know. Give me pancakes. Right. Pancakes and porn. Animal rights activists enactor Mickey work is not one is less sleeping dogs lie when it comes to sick puppies. See, I always knew there was something good about him. I didn't know what it was till this moment. Mickey work. Act. The star of nine and a half weeks in Sin City is going to hold. I see, I see that now. It just doesn't have the same impact that it did to the person. It's like, impact that's what you said. Uh-huh. The star of nine and a half weeks in Sin City is going to hold a protest along with, oh no, your favorite organization. You know what it is? Pita. Oh yeah. People for the ethical treatment of animals in front of hot dog puppies. And upscale doggy boutique and south beaches, Espanol away. The protest will be made of a rock and 50 supporters scheduled for four clock tomorrow afternoon. Earlier this month, the actor was dug on madethelners of the puppy's door for selling him a Chihuahua that later died of parvo, a deadly virus. Oh poor baby. The puppy was a Christmas gift for his friend, JP Perriavecchio, chief of a photo cheese restaurant, Lincoln Road, Phanucci, member Don Tanucci. The black haze. Better check that light bulb down Phanucci and see the Pana-Bang. The Pet Shop, which has been cleared in past complaints, has an open case pending against it, acquainted documents from data animal services. Although the owners of hot dog puppies filed a police report against the work after giving them an animal rights tongue lashing, the act at first I thought it said tongue. I thought we're getting back to that again. Oh man. Not while I meet my Swiss cheese, please. Uh, I work, uh, let's suddenly say that again. The owner's file of a police report against the work after giving them an animal rights tongue lashing, the act that can still legally enter the store. According to my many police spokesman Bobby Hernandez, we can only arrest Mr. Work for trespassing if he refuses to leave the store after we arrive at Anson Belief, or if we offer my trespass warning, but we haven't got to that point with him said her name. But it works, friends, promised a dog fight will not take place out on the streets of South Beach. This is a peaceful protest to make sure the store never sells a sick puppy again said Parvivecchio. Better be pit-a-boothed about. I say let's all go to the apporn in pancakes. We've no the porn and more in that poor little chew out that poor puppy. Kind of, the scurrel. The police says, well they have for us. Uh, like the house of flakes. Remember the original house of flakes? Is that still allowed? I hope not. I don't know. About it is. The original house of pancakes, where they had like 75 different flavored surfsman, boys and berry and poison berry and the blueberry and don't remember that? Yeah, I hop. Yeah, yeah, they're all over the place. They're still allowed? Yeah. Wow. They keep reinventing them and coming out with new ad campaigns. They should spend the money for the new side. Oh, the police. Police are back. We're talking about the band. The reason I used to the grandminton. I like it. That me too. And they'll probably play something really bad. I still say that every breath you take could be the best song of all time. I know, you're going to say, oh, you're crazy. How could you say that? Well, you usually say that about the Helen Parsons project that I in the sky. Yeah, I'm a skydore like that a lot. In fact, if I had a choose right now, if you took a wee vulva and stuck in my back, don't cut and you've got a choose right now, fat. So what's on you like better? I'm a skybound person to or every breath you take by the police. I would have to like, I'd have to love him at least for a second. So long enough, I thought before you could vote for him. Actually, they're back. They're reunited for the grandminton. But, oh, run in there. That was very slick. Very slick. Very slick the way he slipped that baby in there. We need the first time. 255 votes under full. We got 1200 like by the end of the song. I think 13 sounds good today. Don't you especially, I negative full like this, where the ripping me and ass. They enjoy doing it. We'll take it. And probably because something I take it personal, I got to tell you right now. I could give a flying choice. Let's go to our know. I'm going to go back to college. I thought I'd feel about my board again. Christian days. Yeah, what I've always did is I've been a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little little insight was the heavy pettingsu, it dared not go any further than that because you'll bird it hell. I see somewhere where you can only go up to a certain point, up to that point here. It was practically a 24-hour orgie for the teenagers and I was opting out most of the time and that said, that's bad. have some really hot people in my high school. I'll tell you that. But then you know most of our dead now are a lot of them I keep getting these notices from you know and we know the body out from high school I came up here and I took them to my two friends. Yes, my reunion to a Ruth Chris Now keep getting emails from him. Oh, this one just died. Not one died. This one committed suicide. Oh Let me tell you something about getting mold. Okay, have a one word suggestion about getting old. You know what it is? What Oh It had a great chance to see what's behind looking just like any other guys that see what are any earrings and lipstick that grew red with her big calves and awesome last year once they'll be to Democrats but it's eyes used to fall in the rest and wear the pumpkin head. The only one to be present and have been in eyes today. One of each exist in town and looks at pictures of great men who are being inspired to see. The only ten experts lady, the only one who be present and so be in eyes today. She wants to catch up some of her and the people who ride well mama with a voice that sounds like fingernails running down the shot board. Screaming from a podium while her husband is getting some. I think well is why the Canada looks like Gerald Ford. Everyone's to be a present in 2008 and I've actually done a great job when the Democrats today. We'll be talking to you one week later. We'll see another place on the line. How sad is the president in the fall of 2008? All of us all who are known as in vote for a suelerial. Okay, if she gets it, I'm going to be very sad. And I still say Barack Obama's demand. Every day that goes by, in fact, I got a good story about Barack in my pile. Which I may get to. You think I'll get to it? Please. Sorry, I was over the facts machine. Well, I have the facts machine. I left this story in the facts machine. You didn't tell me. I thought, well, I got the court here and I'm trying to find an engineer to run the wire now. Trying to find an engineer. I don't know. I don't know. George is trying to find an engineer at QAM. I say funny things all the time. Oh my god. But I got it. You got one. Who is the court? I was saying what can you say about that? Oh, oh. Yeah. Now that I got that, I'm going to play that thing in the ground. I just love that. It's all I always times that you dropped it in the interview. You never realized that was obsessed. No, I did not. In fact, let me answer this. You like it? I'm saying it wrong. Yes, I do. Rocks in. Yeah. I don't know. You can decide about how you get it. I hope they play some good songs. Yeah, that's one week or before. We don't want to go garden party. You've got some bad stuff. Rocks in. Rocks in. Rocks. Okay, listen. That's all in my favorite police song. It's okay. I like it. You like it? You like it? Yeah. You like it? Yeah. I remember the 68 votes on a poll. Oh, we got 13 like today, I think Chris. I think you write down that on your one of your big flames of fat. Okay. Which gives you a funny room to write it in. Oh, look at this. I just got a couple of emails here about Rolex watches. You know, I got to be honest with you. For the first time ever. But I just don't understand why people do that. Why do you want to spend 10 grand on a watch? Because you can so that you can get mud and killed. Yeah, other than that, well, be the purpose. To impress other shallow people. Yeah, but anybody who's really got that much money, they shouldn't have to spend. Ah, they shouldn't. But guess what? They're shallow. They're plastic. They're red thinned. Well, then maybe it's your diggin mug. Yeah, it is. Here's a facts from Bob. It says, you know, can't these people get a right. He writes good luck today. It would bind. Well, I think he's got a good point there. W-O-O-D-B-I-N-E. It's one of the most famous race tracks in North America would bind. But if they race, you know, man, every race track in the province of Ontario's got slots. So they got race. It's just like we have now in South Florida, amazingly. Good binds. Not would bind. It's not would bind. It's said would bind. And it's sometimes it sucks. So as a lesson, you are correct or audio like that. That's so, really correct. The promotions department says here QM promotion department blows it again. What would be the first time? It says, along with others, I'm sure, continue to lie in frustrating audience. Your statement promoting these Super Bowl ticket giveaway conference for a few weeks in Instructivist News to listen to the power hour for the entrance name to be called to be eligible for the tickets any course-life price package. Guess what? It says. What? They haven't called the names since last Wednesday, they continue to promote the contest, and they run out of prizes. One would think they'd have an alternative method for the contest and to be eligible. They act up and confirm your assessment of the station. I enjoy listening to Hank and the man. They're all going to piss off that the station is not worth commitment to the audience. Part of the course I guess. I don't know. Not about it. Well, there's the Epistop Caveman. At the point. Sorry. We couldn't get that to you sooner. Ghana, your reaction. Sounds like someone woke up on the wrong side of the rock. Anyway, PS, I was channel surfing last night. Notice that Phil Henry was on the CBS show, The Unit. Are you sure? He was playing a radio host on a military radio station. I recognized him by his facial features and voice. And voice he, having fat. He looked like he swallowed a gigantic pumpkin. It says, I don't know how much I don't know how he can take a leak. Much less find it underneath that big pupa. Wow. So Phil is a porked-out. Yeah. There he is. He was never fat at IOD. He was like, you know, middle of the medium. He was like, hey, out of perch. Did he? I never looked at him. That's about his work. I will say this much. He was, I was very pleased to work with him because number one he was back in those days of good talent. And number two he was ugly or than I was. Yeah. He was. Are you starting with a jewelry Reynolds thing? No, no, police. Oh. I think we're going to go over the rims. I'm excited about the reunion here. Oh. Police and sets of. What is the Grammys, by the way? I don't know. February 10th, 14th. I don't know. I'm actually Googled. That's no fun. 1172 on the pool. And this is something million for time. Okay. Well, I'm pretty, I've only got in this. Of course, I got another whole package of it there. I'm not going to need two packs of trace tell us what's cheese before I got a wood by it. Then it would be wood binding in that case. Oh, Jesus is very binding. I don't want to start talking about that. That part of life. If there was a God, we wouldn't be doing that. I'll tell you that right now. I'm sure wouldn't smell like that. Culture shock. Maybe wife dinner is a good thing. Culture shock. Maybe wife dinner is here for Super Bowl Bring Manors. That's like coming here. It's culture shock. People are polite. They're here. They're friendly. Good morning. How are you doing? How's it going? Even the Panhandlers. Spare some change, Mr. No. Sorry. Sorry, Mr. Sorry. Hey, you do. No, not sorry. Sorry. And then I'll say, Oh, I haven't been night anyway. God bless you. As some readers may be aware of how our goodman, the Palm Beach Columnist for the Sun Central, which is desperately sucking up to the Palm Beach crowd. South Florida's saying hostess wait to a football game. No, howie. At some point the corporate, a mid-corporate sponsored parties. Herb-like news conferences, a half time show by the artist not previously known as a football fan. And a barrage of commercials aired at $2.6 million per half minute. They'll squeeze in Super Bowl 41 of Dough and Stadium. That's Doughin. It's the pinnacle of Sports Entertainment Commerce Television Patriots in the next session. It's everything that makes America great. It's Howard Goodman. Goodman. Sunday's the game suspected draw thousands of visitors, possibly $150 million to $400 million into our local economy, according to Boosters estimates although what it comes to Palm Beach County not so much. Oh, who now wants to go to Palm Beach County? Where we're going to go to Lantana? Let's go to Lake Worth and watch the old people die. What do you say? Ooh, guaranteed. Let's go to Lake Worth and watch the old yenters. Only one Super Bowl related to Venice Games old up here, a superclamatus by night. Free Street Festival Thursday on Clamatus Street in West Palm Beach. I'm not sure we can say Clamatus. It sounds to me, I almost like, claturace. Oh, that's just relax. But that doesn't mean we won't be touched by Super Bowl fever on Clamatus Street. For one thing, all this week we're sure to find ourselves infiltrated. I just have this little piece of cheese out there while I was talking. That was not good. Fat. All this week we're sure to find ourselves infiltrated by a breed of Americans. We don't often encounter here on the 40 East Coast. Mid-Wicesterners with the Chicago Bears and the Indianapolis Colts, warring on Wayne Heizing this sod. Some of their crazies that here in Sully, ran sacking their children's college funds to come this way and buy noes bleed tickets from scalpers. Kindly offering them for three granted up. Three granted up. Oh, up my. For example, 144 members of the Bears tell game fan club or traveling in three buses, just to watch the game a composer flicker light in Hollywood. The bars probably south for this prominent, again, the pre-eminent gathering place for Chicago Sports Nuts. Capone's flicker light in Hollywood and her auto-abider to see what's in the, what's in the tomb. Al Capone's tomb. See if that bottle is still there. Remember that? Oh yeah, joke. Capone is expecting overwhelming 800-9 who repair fans more than drinking middle line on game day said manager, Doc Proctor. Hey, David, it's the Doc. How you doing, Doc? I don't understand why all these people are grabbing all this way. Just to watch it on TV Proctor said. The Midwesterners are different. And at that point, I'm going to take the break because I want to spend a lot of time. I want to spend least four or five, six, eight hours talking about how Midwesterners are different. And Canadians are different. And soft-flavidians mostly from New York are extraordinarily unfriendly and rude to the world. Capit God. I'm a spirit of my life loving you. Live right, I'm a heart free to look for a toy. And when it's time to head south and west, I wanna go home when the living is closed. Huh? I want to take a flight like this on the way where we all can have fun like my writing from me. On those dark golden rays, I wanna die. Oh, I'm a spirit of my life. But I'm a spirit of my life. I want to spend a lot of time talking about how to get home when I'm home. And when it's time to head south and west, I wanna go home when the living is closed. I'm going on and on. I'm going on and on. I'm a spirit of my life loving you. As sterile as the inside of an oxygen tent, that's for you. I think you're broke. I think you're broke. I think you're broke. You're molding. I think you said we have mold. He's the epitome of what it's all about. He's the epitome of what it's all about. He's listening every day. He's listening every day. He's listening every day. He's listening every day. He says, midwesterners are different. And it seems to be there must be another page of this, but it says page of one of only two. I could check it out. It's in yesterday's paper. I thought it sent two. No, no, I'm on two. But when you get to the end of this page, it leads you to Joneson for more. In other words, it's a good article, at least as part of a good column. He says, I speak from experience, having grown up in an around Chicago. I'm actually reading the calls themselves Chicago land. It's if we're some relevant champions that have a place of grace, guys, bear trees and freezing temperatures. Except for the months when the sun is shining and the cubs are losing. Which is all the time. I cannot speak about Indianapolis because I've never been there. I have Howard and it sucks. It's boring as all get are losing. Which is all the time. I cannot speak about Indianapolis because I've never been there. I have Howard and it sucks. It's boring as all get out. And so I've been in the deep south. I've told you that before in the restaurant. I'll come back now here. Deep south. Come to think of it. He says, I don't think I know anybody else who's ever been there. Or I'm experiencing interest in going. They have this big circle. Do you know like the Hollywood circle? Yeah. And that's in the middle of the downtown in the NAP. But certainly, they all get together. All the young people all tend to them. And they drag around at circle. That's their excitement. Wow. He says, after I realized this, I wondered if we were all missing something. But I googled Indianapolis. Found out the season. Even higher in the Saturday evening. A gay off night travels with Cookies. Here's Yolanda, American Army, lieutenant name of NAF briefly recently. He says that the new year would start by packaging Junha Full�� who is South Arkansas. This dog has U-Menので. He also thinks he's Way Lake, and reading it off with Harry Potter and Thisiscilla Dutchman, an American civilian host at the fair article. There are pictures on them. A movie in October禁en witnesses are unknown. without weaving. Similarly, you may find drivers who used their left-turn signals upon approaching intersection. Yes, mid-westerners actually use their turn signals when they're turning, not just to flash while cruising on the interstate. You should be prepared for drivers who really haunt their horns at the vehicle in front of them at the moment the light turns green if you can imagine. In a grocery line, don't panic if the person behind you fails to shove his cart into your heels. The driver will understand mid-westerners having grown up in the slow pace of their backwaters, do not understand the need to be ultra competitive at all times even in retirement. Especially in retirement. If you made a mid-westerner, you may hear some words you're unfamiliar with, words such as please and thank you. Exquiemlessly instead of yo! Just not as if you hear these terms all the time. You see what I mean? There should be another page. I mean, he's only, he's only scratching the tip of the iceberg. Howard Green, a goodman, Greenberg, and whatever's in it. Burgsteen. Why don't I hold my whole buddy, stand for you, and stand for you, and stand for you. Good guy. A little out of your territory though, that's the harness racing. Let's get a little horse racing on here. I mean, hockey. Anybody in South Florida wonders we still have a hockey team? Oh, I'll kind of sort of. Here's the first race at Laurel coming up. I wonder Hank is plunging on his. Don't forget we got a mad dog at two solo from our radio role for the Super Bowl. And then we got Henry Goldberg and Mad Dog together three to six. Henry solo from Wenzion, six to six, six to five. And we got an hurricane crab boat. We got to reach the gate. All right. It reached the gate for the first race at Laurel. That's in Maryland. That's the ballmer, I guess. Never been there. Do you have any race tracks up into my life, man? It's a scary thing. I don't know. I would have to count. I remember that Dick Feinberg had pop at a park, and I one time we had a contest to see have been in more race tracks. I think I was him. And even with all his, you know, he's been a PR guy and worked at tracks all of his amazing. Maybe that's why he's stopped wearing those Hawaiian shirts. Hope everything's okay with you, Dick. He's a good guy. Dick Feinberg. Not to be confused with Joel Feinberg and a group of Michigan. I don't know. I don't know. I'm 12.01. I'm a pull-out. See, this is what I hate about Thurber racing. I've put it this many many times. That's the way Bob. Bob Chase Steve. Bob Ross, you'll do it. The fact that it takes them so long to put them in a starting place. It takes longer and now these horses actually are going in like they knew what they're doing. There you go. They're all in line. Come on. Let's go. Let's get this race. There we go. And a way to go. You know, I used to hate him, but I think he's great. Trevor Deadman. I didn't. Go ahead to show you if you keep it open line. I think he's one of my very favorite race cars along with Frank Silly and Tom Birkin. Of course, our good buddy Dave Johnson, he do realize it's already February one tomorrow. Right? And not that far off and may let's see March, April three months. I'll be talking to Dave Johnson again for the 400 year in a row before the Durby and the Freakness and the Belmont all that stuff. We've been doing those shows a long time. Have a way. Yes you have. Governor Charlie Chris Gay, must disagree up the controversial touchscreen voting machines used in broad pombies and 13 other counties and replaced them with optical scanners that would count paper ballads to which we say, oh, why Charlie, you go sweetie. It's important to make sure that people are confidence in our voting system. We all remember 2000 he said, that's why this issue is so important. What could be more important to democracy than ensuring the integrity of our elective process, he said. It's a very foundation of the order. You go to an ATM machine. You get some kind of a record. You go to the gas station. You get a record. If there's a need for a recount, it's important to have something to count. The governor said this morning at the gathering of Florida newspaper editors and reporters. The Republican gay governor Gay will detail the change in a joint appearance tomorrow with the state's leading critical touchscreen machines. US representative Bobby Wexley, Democrat of Boca Bobby Wexley is one of our favorite politicians in history. Good man. In the heart of Wexley's district, west of Del Rey Beach. And one of them still sitting on a bench in Del Rey. I don't play that. I don't know. I will. Please, I'm police instead. Maybe the police are sitting on a bench in Del Rey. Wexley said the governor went for post spending more than 20 million dollars in the official scanners for the 15 counties with touchscreen machines when he presents his proposed budget to legislate through this Friday. He credited Chris with proposing a bold and comprehensive plan. We're about to resolve once and for all the election integrity prominent Florida and we're about to realize that we're creating a paper trail for every voter in the state of Florida Wexley said. The change would affect millions of Florida voters who would be allowed to cast their ballots on paper, rather than using electronic devices between similar to automated telemachines. Touch screen voting has been controversial, actually. Arizona, California, and Pennsylvania considering getting rid of them and New Mexico passed law last year. I'm going to have something by Mark Lindsey and the Raiders. Police. No, it was not. But did Clark like. And then did that massive stroke. And he's like, well, it had to be new. The governor didn't spell out how much money he proposed for the initiative. Wexley said the governor's intention is to provide enough money to come to the custody. Transitioned optical scanners. Sterling Ivy. I wonder if he's getting to poison Ivy from Patrons, which is going off the air. Sterling Ivy, communicating director for the Florida and the government of state city, not having estimate for what would cost replace the touch screen machines. His agency oversees floor elections. Broward County, which is already considering changes in the floating system as a rough estimate of six to six million to something to buy sufficient number of optical scanners about a thousand of them. So Pete Corwin, assistant of the county administrator, Palm Beach County, which has had a special committee scrutinized voting system in the last two years has no idea what it would cost there. They got no idea about anything. They still got a feeling the reactants said. They got little arena up here and reduced by three dollars to pay for any econom who are using ironısı then椅子. St水 of bad guys under the대. I am He has the dolphins and here we go again Another losing season That's never gone up and there's they never when they never will And I will never know why sports are a straightened victim So when the soup will go there I am He dolphin I am He dolphin I am He dolphin's number I'm in a jeans and the lead I am He dolphin I am He dolphin The same old story nothing you The dolphins are such losers They really are quite lame I knew it from the fair we started I watched a Pittsburgh game And did you see the wimpy way Exhaving through that flag Standing on the sidelines He looked just like a bag And there I am He dolphin I am He dolphin I am He dolphin's number I'm in a jeans and the lead I am He dolphin I am He dolphin They're problems ticker than my clue The dolphins are such a cool, low and then you can't see It's only five year luck that they pulled out of the jury And then they played the Texas It almost made me sick That stupid two-point passway That fumbling on side kicked and there I am He dolphin I am He dolphin I am He dolphin's number I'm in jeans and the lead I am He dolphin I am He dolphin I'm In a barring me sushi What a mess But dolphins can't control the ball They're running games flat As for their execution Well I'd agree with that They're always gone A blow or lead of that You can be sure And when they lead the field So has the stench of foul and door And they're the I am He dolphin Oh right I am He dolphin I am He dolphin's number I'm in jeans and the lead I am He dolphin I am He dolphin If there's another shot Let's move on the mark No! No! But dolphins have no strategy They play like idiots Another couple games must've been a theory It's in jets I think they're all retarded It's almost like their curse A station jailer and a decked arm It's which team is the worst And they'll say I am He dolphin I am He dolphin I am He dolphin's number Who at the hell? 30 seconds I am He dolphin I am He dolphin I am He dolphin's now there for Constantinationת I am He dolphin Haven't он watched it So we're thinking the broad news When you're asking some news Did you confirm that if she didn't do anything It's just this To Buddy I amkry is the first time seen you did just think there's no All right We could've come to see where he disappeared I show you this members of the Cuban American community, City of Leaves, B. San. The intent is not to celebrate a man's death, but to write an informal friendly get-together, according to a statement released by the City yesterday. Tuesday. Our pan, I'm opening this up and there's another picture of more food on here. Well, I'm going to take this as not good. Our past experience is shown us that the local community is strong emotions tied to many significant issues relating to Fidel Castro. The City's office of communications road. The Orangeville has been visited by the county as well as the City of Miami's a possible site for people and community leaders to gather peacefully if necessary. Why do they have to gather at all? Why can't they just in their home? Well, we'll be at the home. Ah? You ask for me? Why in their own home, can they just all run around and go in? Like that, works for me. The only tax dollars that will be spent on the event are for public safety needs in memo said. There was discussion of performances in commemorative t-shirts during a January 23 meeting held by a citizen committee appointed to plan the event. Miami Mayor Manny Diaz said the Orangeville, and I hate to break the news to you, but those pictures of him in Hugo Chavez, they really said today. He was standing like upright, like, but I beat better whoop, but I'm not. Not that he was like, runnin' you know, runnin' up and down the hallway, but he was standing up on his own two feet. Well, many things down here think there's a fake in there, like, really old. But the Cubans in Donald Park are fake and really old, they all would agree with that. Many Diaz said the Orangeville is part of the government's plan to accommodate overflow crowds in the event of Castro said, but he said there will not be a city funded celebration. I'm not into parties Diaz said. He said, call me when the party started. Miami Commissioner, Tom Ott Tom Ott, oh, look at the way look at the guy who got this. His name is Tom Ott, they've got Tom Dast Regalotto, that's cute. Who up-cred they committee said he believed Castro or Death's worth celebrating, but tonight that the Orangeville event was breamed up with the idea of a party. He said, call him on the party starts. We need to clarify a lot of things, never any time, to this commissioner for a carnival sentence, he said. The committee has expected all the second meeting. They're meeting right now. Maybe they're meeting at Chula's, maybe they're passing on the football, squeeze the old trinkst-skill, huh? Where you think? Could be. Let's figure that. And things like that. Moscow Mayor Yuri Luzkov has said he will never allow a gay rights parade in the Russian capital. You're fairly speaking to reporters Mr. Luzkov described such events as Satanic. Not just evil, not just wicked, but Satanic. Moscow, band of gay march in 2006, heading the threat of violence. And I'm reading this right where my hand is on the Tom Brady picture that our buddy Rick sent to me here right on his face. Hey, Tom. I'm in fact, hmm. He's just a sweetheart. Mr. Luzkov, let's see. The gay band of gay march in 2006, people with ignored the band were beaten up by counter demonstrators in the rest of it. Gay activists say the band breaches their fundamental human rights. They say they intend to appeal to the European Court of Human Rights last year. Moscow came under an unprecedented pressure to sanction the gay parade, which cannot be called anything other than satanic Mr. Luzkov said. We did not let the parade take place then, and we're not going to allow it in the future. He said. Also, being groups when she said we're receiving grants from the West for spreading what he dismissively referred to as this kind of enlightenment in Russia. Not little sarcasm, there are anything like that. Enlightenment, my ass is what he really wanted to say. Not that he's humble, public, or anything like that. Submond-dread. He thanked the head of the Russian Orthodox Church, patriarch Alexey II for supporting him in banning a gay march last year. Some people who took part in the unauthorized event were beaten up by white-wing counter demonstrators or detained by the police. The police, there you go. But the parade's organizers say they plan to hold the event and may well appeal against the ban and strawsberg court. Trying to silence us to write the authorities not us one of the most fundamental human rights to the European justice will have to last in this case, Nikolai Alexey, one of the parade's organizers, said this statement. Gay activists in Russia, I wonder what the, what's the same thing's about? Nick Antropov. Who? Gay activists in Russia are divided over one of the march would be held. The BBC's game is Rogers in Moscow says, some suggested holding the parade at all, but something broke a backlash from their opponents, our correspondence says according to BBC. And of course don't forget about the gay pride in the march that we're going to have in Israel. Remember that? Oh, really? Yeah, I mean, you know, get skewed, say, hey, how about shooting them in the street, babies, a good idea, not that they're a bigoted or anything like that? All the religious, all new people visiting in town, we hope we don't have any get skewed, okay? Yeah, we hate. We got more than enough get skewed already. So all you religious nuts, get lost. Okay, the rest of us just want to live our lives have a good time and you do whatever. We know who you did last summer. Just leave us alone. One, two, three, four on the full man. One, two, three, four, 1234. Isn't that an omen? Okay, maybe it means I'm going to find a good machine today. I've had a couple of rough sessions that are over there. I think people are going to be praying for me. Get on your knees and pray for the old man to find a good machine. Pray to Buddha, pray to Abraham, to Moses, pray to Abraham, Solomon. I'll sacrifice a chicken to charcoe. I'll still love that name man. I've run the Solomon. What a wonderful name. Here's the poll today. I think the O'Rod, the real neo-rodges is not the one on the air that's sitting there open up a big mouth. The real neo-rodges is legendary, 331. And if you said legendary, you are. That's what they say. Oh, there's the poll. I love that sound. Every breath you tell. Every breath I take is a happy one. Like I told you, when I wake up in the morning, it's in my high. How can we talk so much Greek on the air? Legendary 331, sorry not in the Greek. A sweet old guy, 278, and insecure geek, 131. A home body, 14, a hard dog 82. What's wrong with that? Horneal Coup. An A hole 87, 5.4% think I'm an A hole for real. Straight 59, no chance. They're in a chance in a Chinatmance chance in hell of that. One in cutely 51, an evil bath is 236. Out going 34, not really. I hate this pool, a mirror 31, 2 and a half percent. They like it a lot because it includes a lot of negativity about me. They love that. Give me a little stork. And a social butterfly, 22, 20 dose. I feel like we're really letting the audience down. Not being super well-intensive enough? Not. But you know, we only got those other 20 hours a day. Drone, and some of these are already a space in the new country. For carcass, we're talking about... This is on DiFusNatituma. It's the one to two hours. Log on the 560Q, an M4, we've slashed, jumps out, sporthold now. For your chance, doing, praise and goal! Right, let's go home. Right, let's go home. Right, let's just go home. I don't know what it's got. Girls, girls, girls, girls, girls, girls. They do have a girl. Everything must go. Everything must go. Everything must go. We don't know what the Lord means. But it must mean... Oh, law! All you have to do to enter is sit on a couch like this instant. And listen to our station. I don't want this in our left-of-life, wins the Grand Drive. A tour of the Wushley appointed Neil Roger Studio. See, gallons of meals all of a way. A light-size and free-gate poster with a chicken on a sand. Rook into a hand-to-world, what just said that? Renders have to get keep-bots and grapple. All condos rules, prices and vane, or dead listeners are the bonus possibilities of joy. Should Joy's family permission to destroy that Neil Roger show, this entire contest will be avoided by law. And we will super-gooed voices teach us to provide our listen-vodians with the chance to run their tongue across our limbs. Okay, everybody. Just stay in line, yeah. I've always got another 83. I'm ready for a... Oh, that's me. That's me. I got a display. All right, get up here. That's me. Come on, we're so fabulous, please. So, let's get started. Oh, 250-1 votes on the full. Sometimes it's just wonder how long those are going to go on. You know what I'm talking about? You just wait, you wait, you wait. Oh, yeah, then all of a sudden. 12-51 in a pool will make 13 easy today. 2018 Democratic presidential candidate Senator Barack Obama's offering his own plan to stop the continued escalation at the Warner Black Court of Presbylists. You'll be pleased to know, by the way, got my shirt and my pantaloonies on, and my shoes are right over here on to floor. John's staying by. Senator Obama's stated goal is to read it for all combat brigades out of Iraq. The junior Senator from Illinois introduced the legislation today to release saying that it not only reverses the president's dangerous and they'll conceive escalation to the Iraq War, but also sets a new course for U.S. policy that can bring a responsible end to the war and return American soldiers home. And let me tell you right now, all you people, all you bearers friends from Illinois. You've got your next president, right, dead as Barack Obama. Trust me when I tell you. I was one of the first people I've said that. And that's as well as badwagon, jumpers, you know. Anybody can jump on the badwagon, George. What? Our troops have performed brilliantly in Iraq, but no amount of American soldiers can solve the political differences at the heart of somebody else's civil war said Barack. But that's why I've introduced a plan not only to stop the escalation of this war, but begin a phased redeployment that can pressure the Iraqis to finally reach a political settlement reduced the violence. Stop telling each other like how much a crazy getchies, which is what they are. The statement asserts that the Obama plan puts forth a responsibility at effective alternative to the president's failed policy escalation that plan maintains that Iraq's woes could not be solved militarily and focuses rather in finding a political solution in Iraq while protecting our interest in the region ending the war. Resizing how it used to say, inrest. This president says nuclear and the right scenario say, inrest. You better watch that movie, why we fight, speak an abysnard, speak an abysnard, speak an abysnard. Obama's plan to move combat unions from Iraq by the end of March 2008 is the statement consistent with the expectation of the bipartisan Iraq study group, but does it does allow for a limited number of troops to remain as a basic for protection to engage in counterterrorism and continue the training of Iraq's struggling security forces. The American people have been asked to be patient too many times. Too many lives have been lost and too many billions have been spent these statements close to end of Obama. It's time for a policy to bring a responsible end of this war and bring our troops home. And it's got a, well, the articles on our website. I'm not going to read the whole damn thing. I don't want to get fond of this here, man. Not on day like this when we've been so food intensive and we've had so many really incredible call. The first guy this morning was good. Yeah, it was called. And then yesterday we had the boomer, the freaking boomer baby. He sounded like a radio guy. The boomer. I used to work. I didn't know I was still. I knew who he is. But only he still likes me. Yo, okay. Probably. 12. 55 in a full. WQAM. Hello. This is my legendary friend Neil Rodgers. This is your legendary friend my legendary caller. How are you doing? Actually, just fine. I think it's taking my call Neil. Thanks for making your call. Did you get a chance to sort out the restaurant? Well, when you say when it's out, sort them out. I mean, we're still, you know, we're building a list. I'm right now. It's important to me as a photographer. It was more in sound sensational. There's also a great, nice. I don't know if you'd like cool your food, but it's an adventure. It's got too much of a bad neighborhood right there by the waterways. It's called, uh, Mario. What is it? What is it called, uh, Latino? Yeah. Mario. Latino. Yeah. It's a great, nice, uh, not moderate casual place. The pepper mail is right next to it as well. Very nice. And, uh, pepper mail. Why does that sound so familiar to me? Where the hell did I know the pepper mail from? Is it like, uh, old place that moved or something? The pepper mail. Haven't been to a Florida right where the... I'm in Florida. I vaguely remember that. Right now. Is where the up-ever mail is located. So you may want to consider those. Okay. Thanks a lot. All right. Have a great day. Find your favorite. And you took my signal. I took my signal. How do you like that pepper mail? Did somebody mention that yesterday? Or is it just my memory? It sounds familiar to me too, but. What do you think, Chris? You got your thumb on a pepper mail? Line in place where this food Chris has got his, uh, all in, both hands in it. Now, what is it that made you suit gigantic? What kind of food were you like, mind, jaman, what were you going crazy on? I made you, uh, so humongous and. Gargantuan. Well, it wasn't I, uh, my favorite. Well, I'm, I'm just saying, I mean, was it like, tossed it with ice cream? Whatever. You know, unfortunately fast food with the, uh, scheduled stables working, so. I'll tell you what movie was on again. One of my channels here, then I wish I can't stand that guy. That, um, fat, what is it called? What about McDonald's? Oh, uh, so it's a fat lock. Yeah. Super size me. Yeah. That guy said to jerk, you know? Like, like he had to go through all of that and risk his life to prove to us that if he eats the same crap every day, it's going to make you very sick and you're going to damn your die. Right. That was a shock. Yeah. That was a real shock, man. I put on my blue blockers and it was a damn shocker to this altercocker. I'll tell you that. And in fact, I got to my, uh, quarterway dockers right now. And I hate to break the news. You're going to laugh at me. You're going to be very upset. Well, I, I was wearing cords, which I, during my lifetime, I never really wore quarterway pants very much. Yeah. They just haven't had these. Oh, my son's up there. Cords are warm. Yeah. But you said the ones with the real thin cords are okay, but the ones that go like swoosh, swoosh every time you take his day, those are the fat. The cords that go well, the, these go swoosh. They're all going to laugh at you. Well, they didn't seem to mind because they're very polite here. You know, they're laughing at least to your face. They went to do walk out the door and they go, you know, like that. Yeah, when you, when you, you can't help that. You can't help as they, is the pet, pet, the loony legs are like, you know, you know, you know, when you got that thighs, I don't have fat thighs. What is wrong with you, man? I got a fat pupic. I got a fat thighs. I got a fat ass. I guess, I don't know. I don't know. I don't really look at my ass in the mirror. I tried to avoid that. Put one on the floor. No thanks. But I do have a big pupic. That's that's the whole thing. I can reach out right now and then pinch your, you know, I think the piece you need is I can pinch your foot. Who's foot? Tom Brady's. WDQA and hello. Hey, how are you? Great. Did anyone call it and let you know there's a capital grill at the Galleria Mall? Yeah, I mentioned that at the beginning of the show. You probably were listening. Somebody told me that. I'm sure it's how not going over the Gila real, man. Yeah, that's exactly the one restaurant. Is it really? Yeah, yeah. I had the lamb chop there. My wife's got meat that was there for a Christmas party. They were unbelievable. Very good. On the available. Excellent. I'll put it on that list, man. Anything you like. Did you play that? Jennifer Tapriotti, Titusball, Campo. Anything that'll kill some time. It's all yours, man. All right, buddy. Have a great time. I think you're talking about this. Hey, you sent a for Campriotti here. And when I'm not living balls on the court, I'm getting stoned off my ass. And I get my best hit off the Jennifer Tapriotti, Titusball, Campo. That's right. It's the Jennifer Capriotti. Tempest ball, Campo. Cops will never suspect this innocent looking gang. Just empty the balls. Screw on the ball. Fill it with water. And you're set to destroy. Brainself. The Jennifer Capriotti way. Three out of three way. It's the bomb that thinks it's a tennis ball can. A tennis ball can. That thinks it's a bomb. Proceeds benefit. Jennifer Capriotti, League of the Fets Fund. Normal approved. So I was at that same 109 and 560 WDQM. It's Super Bowl Lake. We're counting down. I'm not sure what I kind of feel. Super Bowl. We're counting down. Two more days till the Niels Vacation. One more clock Friday. I'll be out of here. And a little Georgia be on instead of those tapes. Unfortunately. Yeah. I'm not letting Joe. He's been getting wind of all the grief that we've been given. And deservedly so by the way, Joe. You deserve a second of it. Tapes my ass. 30 K.A.M. Hello. Oh, New Way. Yes, sir. Neo. I know you don't drive me that far. I'm going to get a good grill. I'll take up for you. Okay. So, I'll go to the grill and keep going. Yeah. Yeah. WQM. Hello. QM. Can you play 100 years from back? Joe, all the time. No problem, pal. Thanks. Oh, these people, man. Yeah, even though we had the thing with the restaurants there, they already shot their a material with that, you know. We do have that bit cold scrotums, but I don't think we're playing that one no more. Remember that one? I do. I have it memorized. Do you? It's still in here. I got to go to mid. Oh, yeah. Now, we're going to have that. Yeah, I need a hand with a powder for that. Mm-hmm. And that's the kind of powder that I think the crow used to smear on. He's the baby. Gold barn. Was it gold boner? Was it like ice in your bouquet? Caves in your bouquet, son. So, yay. Not for an X-joint like the crow. Where is the crow, honey? Oh, he flew away. There's that Ochmanine jade man. I'm just like saying his name. It's crazy first. That's not great. Most of the countries in the world have leaders who are crazy. You got your bush. You got the, uh, uh, a good old-murt and you got the King John Eal. And you got the Ochmanine jade all crazy people all the time. They were in charge. I prefer to back in the day when I was like Charles and charge. You. I don't think not can Scott Bay. I mean, what do you ever do to you? Never do. Never do. I mean, Johnny loves Chanti. That's what I heard. Come on to say, I have to want to QA and hey, all you racing in poker fans. Pompado Park racing in poker is that all the plunging action you could ever want. Whether it's first fast nighttime horse racing or playing poker in our smoke free card room with no long way time to play, you can have a great night out at Pompado Park. So be sure to come out and treat yourself when evening of gaining fun of salmon. Plus, both general parking and admission are free every single day. Coming up this Saturday, February 3 is the most amazing far-wrestown show you've ever seen. It's called Hopped Trot and features Australian trainer driver of in-silvester when the source hand me silver racing around the track shooting off more than 2,000 rounds of far-wrestown and a must see to believe performance. Plus there will be free T-shirt, give voice starting at 6pm to Saturday and feed minister horse rides for the kids starting at 730 in the PM. Live harness racing in the smoke free poker room up in every Monday, Wednesday, like today, Friday and Saturday, poker gets set away at noon. It's going on right now and live racing gets set away at 725 in the PM. And don't forget that it would be Wednesday like tonight. It's dollar match for draft beer soda hot dogs and lots more. Make sure to come out this Saturday, February 3rd for the Hot and Treffar Wrestown show on the free T-shirt giveaway both Colson Bears fans more than welcome. Pompado Park harness for blocks off of Atlantic Boaver at on powerline road. For the new racing schedule, go online at pompadopark.com or give a call at 954-972-2000. I'm Katie Hurrick, a stunning development from the president. And the new conference today he announced he's retiring and he confirmed what we reported here last night. Today he said flat out, I believe in Santa Claus, his wife of 29 years Laura talked exclusively today to Bob Schiefer. President Bush cannot read. This is a terrible injustice and it's unacceptable. Wow Bob, I know it's pretty rare for this first lady to be so open. I found her remarkably candid. Then by coincidence I was f***ing her today. Just as the president was holding his news conference. Thank you Bob. Now to the story that's on the minds of so many of us tonight, the latest in a series of big changes at the Pentagon. They are now calling innocence civilians and Wyoming, Kansas and Nebraska. You're better watch out. And that is the CBS evening news. I'm Katie Hurrick. As always, have a very, very Christmas. And she's going to be the biggest disaster. She's the master of disaster. But anyway, they got all these consultants and they paid the millions of them. They probably got their own water table with their CBS when surprised me. Come out of the 72. All of this president Bush is on the root of New York Stock Exchange and they're running around and breathless like, oh boy, the president's coming here. Oh, I might see, stop president's fall like a rock. You'll see. How's that pull coming, man? We got almost 13 ever votes on there now. Have you do these? I think the real new Rogers, not just the one on a radio, not just that the big legendary radio star, but the real new Rogers is legendary 35. A sweet old guy, 22. I think the old is what they're emphasizing. An insecure geek, 136. A home body, 118. A horn dog, you need to. An A hole, 67. Oh, that's coming out a little bit. 5.2%. Better crank that up. A hole. Straight 60. Oh, yeah. Worming company 55. It evil bastard 38. Out going 34. I hate this pool only 32 to an 1%. And a social butterfly. Well, I got that one right. 23. That's about the last thing you'd call me a social butterfly. Not just just saying my thing. It'd be a play old butterfly. That's not a social butterfly. It's a fun butterfly. US scientists called personally detailed of their writings on global warming to 50 bushman astray's and skepticism. In some cases at the behest of an ex-relentistry law, the American congressional committee heard yesterday. Our investigations found high quality science struggling to get out for in Chesapeake Grief-O of the Watchdog Group Unit and Concerned scientists told members of the House over-second government reform committee. A survey by the group found that 150 climate scientists personally experienced politically interference in the past five years of total of at least 435 incidents. Nearly half of all respondents perceived their personally experienced pressure will make the worst climate change global warming or the similar terms for may provide a communications brief offset. They gave them a lot of grief. Oh. Rick Pills, a former US government scientist who said he resigned in 2005 after pressure to sub-pital findings are global warming. Told the committee and prepared testimony that former White House official Filt Cooney took an act of role in casting down on the consequences of global climate change. Cooney was a lobbyist for the American Petroleum Institute before becoming chief of staff at the White House Council on Environmental Quality. Resigned in 2005 to work for oil giant, Ex-Sign Mobile. Oh my God. Documents on global climate change required Cooney's review and approval Pilts said, His and its program reports which had been drafted to prove that career science program managers had the cumulative effect of adding in and in hand sense scientific uncertainty about global warming and minimizing its likely consequences Pilts said. The hearing was one of two yesterday spot-loving spot lighting global climate change. It was spot-loving it. A set of form feature testimony from members of that chamber including presidential hopeful sworey and Barack Obama and a group of public and John McHanever Arizona with a bad cheek. That's what happened when Bush was ripping him an assailur during the 2005 Peter and the other chief. The good one for the one. He's a phony is an eighty-two dollar bill. Five six out of no five. Since the other thing we need more restaurants I think we got that looked. I mean yeah we can do that forever forever but it's just yeah we're not. How to hear what you say. I like reminiscing about wags and about shoneys big boy over there on the Davy Road extension. Now what's the story is the godfather still there by the hissing gas station? I don't know. But we need to find out about that. And we brought us in some pizza a few times. I've to agree that's before your body. There's a real pizza. In addition to which we would have been a student of we never let him steal any of our food. I'll tell you that right now. In fact you remember the one time I don't remember what kind of food it was but somebody brought some stuff in and we sent one of our funky somebody in there to offer him an argument. I don't want to know that. Now he refused you wouldn't take it anymore. He knew we had the arsenic in there. Good choice, small. They go, man. WQA and hello. QA. Yeah, sure. Yes. All right. I moved him in with and you got to look at the responses that article. If you go to the something, I'll just look all responses we were really last. Because it's really great stuff to read. We'll have the responses. What do they say? Oh, just like 10 to 1 at four to sucks big time. When we got the stupid hockey package up here to watch the panthers, I don't know why. I wasted 150 bucks. Yeah. It was pretty sad. Did you a refund man? I'm not trying to. But anyway, read those articles and then you're going to love them. And I'm like I've admitted so to. I don't live in a sort of a summary of this. Is that on there? But I wrote some choice words. Okay. Thanks, Pally. It must have said it his comments on there. When people from my civilized places come to South Florida and they see the Barberic Acts of the locals and they see the way people are so hostile and negative and anti-social and suspicious and the vehemently grotesque, whatever that means. And they don't understand it. And then I like when I came up here and these people, you know, and you become like I told you, become whatever the environment comes. It's the people around you are polite and friendly. Then you become polite and friendly. If the people around you hold the elevator door, if they hold the front door, the building if they see. If they feel like 50 yards behind them and they're going out the door, they still hold the door and they look back like, come on, hold man. Let's go, but they are holding the door for you. Even if you don't want to go out, they still hold the door for you, you know. Pally, friendly, decent, civil. The word you're looking for is civilized, civilized like here, like right here where my ass is sitting right now as opposed to South Florida, which is uncivilized. Ask anybody that'll say you. Uncivilized. Very unfortunate too. WDQAM, hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, you, uh, it was beef steak Charlie used to do you get that? Yeah, we got it. Oh, you got that already? What about Sidney Sheldon, you mentioned it? Then. Okay, that's it. Thanks. Bye. Ha ha ha ha ha. All right. This guy could be our professional story checker. He could. You can call him before we went into every day. What did you get this one? Do you get that one? Then you get the Heidi Manuch died and the Yadiyada, whatever. And the president had a bad bowel movement or something like that. And the whole world is suffering from it. That's the problem. There he is. He's signing autographs at the Neil, stockage team. Look at that. It's a bad isn't pathetic. Let me tell you that. That's hard. That this is on him. This is a conservative crowd. Yeah, this is his crowd. Man, all these money grabbers, all these lunatics, all these raiding maniacs who are causing you people to get raped at it at the gas tank, just raiding your souls man. This is his crowd all right. The money crowd. And you people on CNBC, not that I'm watching that because I don't watch that no mode or gambling channel. You ought to be all in jail. Next, who's your old buddy Ted David and the handsomeish fahal. All you people on CNBC have been saying that for years. Well, it's the new economy against the old economy. The new economy my ass. Talk about selling a pig in a poke. You ever see a pig in a poke? No, but a poke the pig. Have you really? Yeah. Coca, close to that in smell to it. Coca, just understand, bro, it's about an hour going pretty good. One thing about the Germans, man, they knew their food. That's still just a mezes me. It must be the drugs, you know. It's got to be that. I mean, Dutch are right there next door. Germany and Holland are right side by each. Right next door to each other. And the food in Germany is excellent. I mean, even if you get like ethnic, if you get like a tag in food, it's great. Or then of course, the German, the brought worse than the knock worse than the schnitzel and all the stuff. And in Amsterdam, they say that they schnitzel without the enemy. I say, I mean, the food in Amsterdam is like to die. But then again, like I told you before, nobody goes to Amsterdam for food for great cuisine. People go to Amsterdam for two things, sex and drugs. Got it? Got it. Let me say it again for the empty time. I don't do drugs. She drugs back in! Don't lie! All the hard burn! Don't go, don't go! Ever! Time to see! von von von von von von von von von deme Danner q我想, Oh laid, lay a world if one who's you ever know he's he's here Earth comes a net in your head Would present something F*** musste Oh what I did to I was catchули Ali No more Here's your base Don't go, don't go, if it's rumored stupid Don't go, don't go, if it's rumored stupid Don't go, don't go, if it's rumored stupid Lumber than me, please present him some shit You don't care what it's all You got him here, but look at her blood Don't be Christian, right? Don't let us, you and I have a hell of a fear We've got a great leader With friends and ends up Mary is a near stock of teenagers Just a minute, you're second president Ask me, you're pregnant with him You're a little bit sick Visit the near stock she's about pregnant with going on And he's going, look at that Over and over again 1292 and a full, make 13-in-easy Nice gone, Chris, we got 13-in-award Right, right, that down on your resume Don't know, good Hey, at least you're a burner calorie too, can't hurt Speaking of a burning calorie, now you're not a french fry guy, are you probably are Yes, sometimes Yeah, and George is a big friend Oh, I'm what am I going to do with you? Get you off of that, well anyway Oh, die Here's a little bit of what you're going to die I'm going to tell you right now, all you people listening to me right now I'm going to tell you something you can mark this down Okay, as a Wayne would say, as a baldie, potmarked baldie would say You can mark it down If you eat french fries, you are going to die Okay, okay, now let me quickly hasten to add this If you don't eat french fries, you're still going to die McDonald's Corporation is finally selected a new Trans-Fat free oil For their famous french fries after years of testing the fast food chain be seen While it's developed a healthier new oil the company is still not sure Well, if it'll be used in all of its 13,000, this is chopped off again See, why do we do this? Why do I waste my time with these stories? Or chopped off any of it? Well, it's from CBS News though, it's not even from CNN How do you like that? The oil is currently in more than 1200 restaurants after extensive testing But they aren't saying no more We can confirm that we've got the right oil said spokesman water right here They've got the right oil, they spent 70 years testing different blends on Trans-Fat free oils to use other famous fries I mean fries, any kind of a food that you have to smear something else on to make good That's not a good food Well, you don't have to lick the oils Moody mean by that, in other words, you don't put no ketchup on it Don't need to load it up with salt No, well, salt, I mean potato without salt, that's salt on everything Even the steaks You put salt on steaks, they have salt on them Regular salt, no they don't have like sea salt, they have whatever Salt salt salt, they have seasonings, they have they have a similar salt seasonings Not like I had that I salt that we used to sell it when I went to school You were lying to salt that makes it saltier I wonder why the hell we used to do that? Well, those round containers of salt, you know? Those shakers, those big boxes of salt, why? Why do we do that? Why do we do anything, you know? Why do we go around the maple? I think if you go around the maple too many times it makes you pay What would happen to me? You would around the maple I remember going around the maple, my cousin and I were in the same first grade class We used to laugh so hard we would pee in our pants That's a very unflattering story, but you know Since one thing when you do it when you're a kid and you're laughing so hard But when you get to be my age and you start doing that It's a horse of a different fellow, a fellow killer And I'm saying what he says, killer, it's a not good idea Twelve hundred eighty-three votes, twelve ninety-three Excuse me, we're after the break-life, thirteen hundred And that's going to be a real feather in Chris's belt Christian Conservatives call for end of fourteenth amendment citizenship birthright You know the more bill-worker with rights is After months of being missing an action from a debate on the issue A group of Christian Conservatives in other ways for our business and a glam Our business and a glam are now taking out a physician on immigration Families first on immigration, they call this led by former Republican party Presidential hopefully, anxious Gary Bauer Who heads up a group called American values, former Bush adviser to Catholic voters Deal Hudson of the Moralian Sufer Church and Culture And David Keene of the American Conservative Union Our advancing with a call religiously grounded positions on immigration And early January, families first on immigration centre And leders to prison in George W. And leaders of the New Democrat controlled Congress urging them to adopt a grand compromise on divisive issue That includes strong border security and endlessly for illegal Sovereignty here are relative citizens and an end-to-breath rights Citizenship they walked in time says Our position is really consistent with Christian teachings And with the rule of law said manual Miranda, chairman of the third branch Conference as a January 9, the group's website was currently under construction A coalition of over 150 grass top leaders who as brought together more than 30 Top shelf conservatives on this issue Top shelf Member De Kebe, you said, sell that crap, top shelf Yeah Out of concern for keeping families together, religiously just proposed Randy citizenship, the only illegal aliens of the country related to US citizens This would include anyone who's had a child born here Often referred to as an anchor baby, the Washington Times reported Remember that's not by Rosie the Ridgels anchor baby No, that Start live with the real sour note In return the federal government would inverse rights citizenship Result to automatically grant to us citizenship Anyone born here regardless of his parental status The 14th Amendment says all persons border naturalized in the US are citizens of the USA This is a real compromise Miranda claimed on the one hand There is legalization of a large number of people But conservatives get the settlement of the 30th issue for them in the immigration debate Earlier Miranda, the former judicial hominations counsel with the Senate Majority Leader Bill Fist and the Senate Judiciary Committee And a man known for his fair share of controversy told CBN That's the Christian Broadcasting Network Until now religious leaders have been criticized for staying unenvolved in the immigration debate This coalition gets them involved They offered to come to the table off of ideas that can eventually support Previously the White House didn't invite their participants They didn't offer their help with certain results A wider participation agent the president of water support to a public and Exendemocrats to obtain a coherent reform but a meet by the group put about Oh brother I say all the issues that religious get to use come in That's what the American people are a lot more getchies Maybe a lot more religious genetics so we can be press and suppress and take away Yeah, who would have these crappy piece of paper the constitution anyway Right, that's what your president said that president jumps me piece of paper Crap piece of paper that's all it is just make it up as you go along How come he's that being impeached right now, you know And instead they're showing him on here with another dog and pony show another photo While shaking hands they're all glad handing him man They got all the people shaking his hands there at the New York Stock Exchange You got blood on their hands You follow what I'm saying Body hands baby now I bet you if I refresh this thing over here Wouldn't surprise the least out of me if we have 1300 votes and then during this next break I'm putting on my shoes Now some people might wonder what is the audience we need to know when you put on your pantalones I want to do I want to do because boy I'm not that door like a like a flash like Grant took rich man I'm going to 13 you think I'll let it like slip over to 13 because I'm hearing your facts and me some crap back here Yeah, correct Where do you chuck or let's see? Sands says these to be several peppermills in northern California The food is usually excellent We know's got a big peppermill which is also a nice casino Maybe there's another peppermill in Vegas that you saw the original owner was a guy named Bill Kipagnetti It says have a great vacation child baby. Well, thank you Sam Thank you so much Like most valued trusted friend bonus set. I wrote what it look a What's need is most trusted friend Well look at this here's another speaking of wood vine. This is for after the break a great story Confusion at slot machine pay 7.8 million That's going to happen for me today. I think I may be able to win a lot of my favorite Million or both that sounds like 15 million to me Well, I knew I'll believe my generosity if I win millions like that you would even believe it Oh, cry it all right. I'm talking about you That's like a cry 13.01 on the pool. We got to me. I'll give you that I'll give you the right not again once that there'll be more than We want to hear how many people call you an A whole. Okay, we will do it 68 by the way Law 39 21 before 2 at QM 100 If anybody has a opinion And it's a thing from our way We'll pay your name and two dusts Oh Don't even bother to quit Just follow under me Everybody's planning on Ask us to essay Indy and the future is on We're watching all of you Everyone got the massage So much What you do This has to for me And all you find The push forward and the Shahn I have to say Just gotta hate those And sentence if I'm a student Oh, no, no, no, no, no Believe everything we say I'm the same one you Blood water for poor plants Feel up your husband's hand I'll open a meaningful spare Back as you were saying We don't need to see our jobs Oh, that's not a piece of wood We're vaccinated by J.L. Welcome All the women's policing The fact that marriage can weigh And everybody's hurting five she's I've got my shoes on By the way, those of you keep in track He's got on the shirt, the pantalones and the shoes My new balance Confusion at the slot machine Pay $7.8 million Oh Everybody get on your knees and pray for the old man Hit the good machine today, man Pray to Buddha Pray to Jesus, pray to Moses Abraham, Solomon, Abraham, Solomon Heinemanoo, Ishkebibble Bucks man as this is where's that Bucks, sir where's this pencilvania I don't have any idea where this is Didn't realize he was playing for the pot during We know Nevada visit If he realized he was gambling away 3.75 $3.75 $3.75 Send a spin on the quarter slot machine John Brownley might have walked away in the cold of night See that's what they do on the nickels in the quarters You can play like up to 50 coins You know, and you think you're playing like little Small potatoes and you're playing like a whole bunch of money Per Spin As it turned out, ignorance made him a multi-millionaire $3.75 John check for $7.804.35 $3.75 Heinemanoo inside the grand-seer Resort casino in Reno Settered in Night made the heavy coast of the game a lot more tolerable Heavy coast The 71 year old Bucks County machine shop owner Who thought he was playing 75 cents On a maximum bat came home with one of the largest paths in the History of the Wheel of Fortune Special Edition Mega Jackpot Progressive Slot game Oh my god The Wheel of Fortune did you hear that? I heard it. Don't you play that? But not the mega. That's a whole different thing That's one of those digital ones, you know, it's got like who knows what that is In fact, there was a woman playing that they had the high stakes room where I played the five dollar machines that we were The fortune and there was a woman playing one of those digital ones next to me that they And I don't know how that thing works, but she had a one play She got a whole bunch of spins and she kept in the button and spinning and spin it What the hell are you doing honey? You bit? I mean, to be honest with you, I had no idea how I was even playing the game That's the way it always is. Ignore its bliss The Pumstead Township man said yesterday three days after he hit the jackpot When all this happened, I was waiting for the Wheel of Fortune to go around and push this fin button But nothing was happening I said to someone next to me something's wrong with the machine He said, call it attendant, you just hit the jackpot And I said, oh my god I'm as returned to Bucks County, Brownley celebrated his newfound wealth By showing up for work as he has since 1972 When he opened up John Brownley machine company in childhood and he has no plans to return I really don't know this is from the morning call. I have no idea what where this is, where does that His buffs County in Pennsylvania keeps thinking, I don't know The father of four city had no big plans for the money other than paying some bills and paying off his children's mortgages We'll take it, Brownley started his business for the money made by selling nine to ten puppies His growing, selling nine of ten puppies is great day and lady tricksy well they broke to 168 That's how he started his business he sold nine puppies the company makes products for aerospace, medical, military, electric power telecommunications industry This is my business if it's my baby he said, or it is my baby before rushing off for business mini It's work until I die or I can't maneuver myself he said Well that case we'll take the eight million out to be up real nice Brownley was in Nevada with his fiance over the weekend for a convention held by the Safari Club International And I haven't hutter Brownley's attended the convention and we know for the past 23 years I've on jackposs before like 2500 you said, I'm not much of a gambler It's always the way there's man you're sitting there you think you know something you think you got the hot machine You're plunging your brains out your tap and you're banging it your squeeze it and the button to And some lung some lummics comes along How do you play this and I hit the button there's like three grand You said he was playing other games that night, but wasn't having any luxury to decide to take a spin at the wheel of torture We put about a hundred bucks in the machine before he hit it big. Oh It makes me just want to scream In fact, you know what it makes me want to say over and over again Just like that see in there. I don't know why did that for Chris you know walk him up I'm robot Chris what the deal is with you in the are you a slot player? Or not I'm sure I like slots but I prefer other games. I like who that I like I don't know Here we go. Okay. Let's find him. What is it? Sick bow sick bow Yeah, today's game you bet on the guys like you know has the top or hat type thing I know I have a sick bow It has three dice and you basically bet on what the dice gonna come up Anyway, getting back to the Schmendrick. He says a crowd started coming around to give me a glass champagne a friend of mine came walking over And I said sit with me out and truck His family was on a were as when he still got home Monday night. Well, what a cheap pasty when he didn't call up and say I want eight million bucks Well, maybe he was still in shock All by all if he was going home told by phone Monday that his father just want almost eight million brownies son Jason the company's VP thought it was a joke The scrubbing his dad is a jovial guy kind of like jolly Joe Bell Jason said it was just like his father's friends of prize on him the rest of the family They's after the fact I'm excited don't give me wrong John Brownley said but it kind of wore off. Yeah, I mean eight million Brownley's got the after receiving a year. Oh, see here's another scam again unlike Canada where they give you a check for the full amount He can receive a yearly payment for the next 20 years or getting a lump sum It was leading toward the annual payment and annuity to rip off Rick so in since folks from the international game technology the company that makes the slot machines and pays out jackpots Said his company wouldn't disclose the lump sum Brownley might be eligible to receive this is one of the bigger ones. He said The $7.8 million ranks 14th on list of largest jackpots ever hit on wheel of fortune slots including those that take more than a quarter Wheel of fortune slots have been a casinos since 1996 The company says the largest jackpot on a wheel of fortune quarter slot machine was 8.4 million One thing locked on the Vatican C. 2,000 2 the largest payout from a wheel of fortune game the company manufacturers and number slots for the game show theme Was he 11.2 million on a $1 slot machine in Vegas a 11.2 million, okay I'm lucky if I can get 400 bucks on the line for Christ and some smuck one 11.2 million on dollar slot machine Maybe today's my day. What do you think? That's oh course the only promise the progressive jackpot on the dollar machine here is 160 six grand Who wants allows you 160 six grand a international game technology says its largest jackpot ever was 39.7 million dollars on a megabucks machine mom 39.7 and I quoted that story about the cocktail which was the biggest is about four or five years ago Remember and two one like 25 minute or something on the megabucks And then she was driving to work the next day or wherever she was going to some drunk hitter and now she's like an We're sure the rest of her life she got twenty-five million bucks and she can't walk that's life for you because the Lord works in mysterious ways Or some crap like that. I think more likely the answer is crap happens 1318 on the pool. I think the real deal is legendary 360 to the only one here on a whole 68 five point one percent the real The real isn't a whole okay, what do you say? I'm gonna win I'm gonna win the big one today. I'm gonna go to the five dollar machine hit the 360 6000 dollar progressive jackpot Just to show you a thing or two or three. I like that I'm a little bit better than your Really Oh I mean you better than yours I believe she was required to avoid a length of fire I'm a little bit you better than yours I'm a little bit better than yours I'm a little bit of a big tree and Rachel hey I'm a little bit of your You're too fair. I will introduce you to the standard of the army. I will introduce you to the standard of the army. Huh? What we like about it best. Time for a boy to wear a dress. I will introduce you to the standard of the army. Why will you introduce the standard of the army? Why will you introduce the standard of the army? Why will you introduce the standard of the army? Why will you introduce the standard of the army? Why will you introduce the standard of the army? Why will you introduce the standard of the army? Why will you introduce the standard of the army? Why would you introduce your body's англий teachers? Who will you introduce the standard of the army? I will introduce the standard of the army. Ask them. You introduce the standard of the army? Everyone will introduce you to the questions we're told. Also, люди are company's personal favorite. Hey, hey! My religion is better than your religion. It's a minor religion, better than yours. We knock on doors above, Are you like over a blessed, You are new, My religion is better than your religion. My religion is better than your Lord. Don't do it, don't do it. We wear ties and quid our bikes and get to marry, Loss of wise, My religion is better than yours. Oh, right! My religion is better than yours. Oh, right! My religion is better than yours. We make it, My religion is better than yours. We don't want to use our brains For my Muslim things, For my family, My religion is better than yours. Bye-bye!