Why do you wear skin? Oh no, I suppose it was a perfect project day and two months of price discussed in shame He met the soldiers in the late in getaway and shifted the blame to Saddam Hussein We're occupying my brand Not the ones Of course we can stay at the time What's going on? Because Saddam Hussein We're occupying my brand The events of the circus are having fun At times when we've heard of the more people in the world The world of the world of the world of the world The world of the world of the world of the world of the world And hello Berton We've received sending our kids to die And the cooling mudwats, the support for sky And the events, stages, and fears, must be the reason why They've been in your jewelry Is Jesus Christ We're occupying my brand We have that We're not the ones to wait We've got that What's going on with this brand We're occupying my brand Boy, George, why do you make so many evangations? You know, it's hard work It's hard work It reminds us of hard work We're in a hard work I see on the TV screens out loud it is Yeah, I pay WDQAM, hello Hey, call number five Look at what he's eating Hahaha Hahaha Oh Woo I feel like that Is that a little bit better? I'm quitting Let's quit now because we're taking the people we say We got a poison pen Yeah, we got something poison Oh, I didn't have ice cream yesterday By the way, it's probably why sound sluried today Yeah, yeah, pig Oh, I'll tell you all I had Bands stuff At a pint of Hagenau's Rocky Road You know, that would be something I'd like to get your and my close good buddy for Raj And melt that about ten points of Rocky Road And just smear it all over And then just kind of get my licks You know, that's terrible I don't want to say that He wanted to buy email The SDF noon around three o'clock And I was so excited I was just jumping all around your eye He's a good guy, he's got a good sense of humor Thank God otherwise wouldn't be saying these disgusting Proverted things Hope he's not listening to this go for anyway If he's not I'm sure that's this go we'll send him a clip and get him all of a Oh, that's Fangany wants to smear ice cream on you Yeah, smear this And then after the Rocky Road I guess it's like drugs, you know He'd do a little bit and then all of a sudden you want to do a lot more, you know? So I went and got two one of these new snicker bars a little once in the um Kind of brown wrap, we're not not the dark brown ones like the traditional snickers But there's a new kind of snickers what's in those? I'm afraid I don't know but boy they're good I got two of them little us Snickers And then I took my blood sugar in the machine, you know what I'm saying? Tilt? Close it said hi Yeah, it's supposed to number just say hi I said hi Hi, how are you doing? Did it say you're gonna die? WQOM, dying line, hello Hey, Neil Yeah There's some tells you guy, I know you know you took the F-18 Yeah, that went a perfect score 100 years ago, yeah Yeah, find out what she's W got The time that we got in the car I'll get a life where you have to find out Go go, so if you're heading out of oil, okay, all you'll leave Find out what W got, well why? Well, what's that gonna change? You're such a schmuck man, you're such an idiot Find out what W got, and as I say T's Maybe he had a minus in front But did that change anything? Does that bring all the dead people back to life? Does that put a new president and off-orifice? Does that make the Democrats any ballsier than they are? Bunch or whimps like that? Nancy Pelosi bitch? No Go do something constructive, sir I'd find like a tall building with a balcony I'd take the leap In fact, we'll give you a microphone And we can like broadcast it Be a sporting event Speaking of that before we get into Bobby Borce Pick it we had two celebrity deaths yesterday Not good, they're dying like flies man Ned Dog at Dolphin Camp at two Nothing surprising there, four to five power hours Mad Dog at Dolphin Camp, nothing away to him How's that possible? No, Hank's not gonna be a Dolphin Camp He will be in the power of them But I guess they'll be talking kind of like, you know, one will be one place How the hell did they do that George? How does one guy be in one place and talk with the other one? Magic, I'm sure Oh, I'll look her during that be day Anyway, five to six thirty, it's the hopper The American Airlines at the Mickey Arson's Putting the Mickey Arena Which we needed to lock out lock and cut By the way, that arena, but nevertheless it is in Dave County For the forty-five people who speaking which who live in Dave County Be, I guess that's because the heater planned Tonight and of course if they lose tonight it's three zip And they're done Even Chris would agree with that If they lose tonight to the bulls I thought the bulls were like, just okay, you know Well, they're a young team that can run and the heat doesn't do that Oh, I don't look, I don't want to Hold a young team that can run and run and gun And three peating and repeat and triple double And double triple, I'll have a triple scoop of rocky road though Anyway, so, hopper's going to be at the Mickey Arena On over the heat game Even though we don't have the game obviously Anybody who wants to see it see the go-to or the watch on TV for free Marlins on the X6, 37-05 is the Marlins And the Philharpia fillies, the Marlins who try to extend their one-game winning streak And then on 1360 we got UN baseball against FSU 7-11 Followed by, well, I guess followed by nothing, probably by You were slaving melodies, I don't know what's on that station anymore And then again, I would like to kick on QM follows the Marl again So, there you go What a schedule, what an award-winning schedule And of course this weekend it's the draft, maybe Oh yeah, can't you feel it don't close the window I feel a draft Woo Get out the caliper's man Especially a Brady Queen is coming in, let's see if he measures up Bobby Boris Pickett, you know how old he was 69 I don't think George Rollo was to say that He was 60 Co-wrote and perform now that he hit the monster mash Like you're young, come soft there Now I guess everybody serves the stronghead They play it every Halloween, every error It's Halloween on Halloween, but nothing like a Halloween game Bobby Boris Pickett is dead What a tough fight With my eyes, I wouldn't want to step on a big guy Oh no, no, no, no Bobby Boris Pickett was Boris Carlov and First Nation was immortalized Keep it going on with that fight I am, and the novel he hit monster mash Which he become a Halloween perennial and died he was 69 Pickett, a long time, where's an incentive contract California I can barely hear that I get some fine here, so The bad ones did leukemia, the West LA veterans of the earth medical center queen was manufactured, Stuart Hirsch, who sounds awfully good Monster mash is the biggest Halloween Some of the ball-time the sun was spooky I don't think we can say that But non-sureting, just a natural had a good beat And was great fun ideas and birdhands Better known as syndicated radio host Dr. Demento Who's been spitting off the tune since the 1970s Where did we play Dr. Demento? Was that on say that? I was at I'm a radio DJ I would be, I would be, would play Dr. Demento Well, I had to play it there, so You did? Yeah, before this gig started, you know, a lot of hard time The catchy song about a mad professor who joins his latest creation It danced the monster mash was the number one song in the country in Halloween 62 We released twice the crack still was stop on 1970 And the top 10 in 1973, I liked that That's when you got stained power like that Like, uh, like, like legendary in the old got stained power That's just some fly by night, although it was just on the head It was huge there something that crazy on the radio in the 1970s It struck a responsive chord with me, song Curtis Weird Aliancabric full of time yesterday Monster mash and the other songs in his ooeva Ooeva, probably inspired me to do what I do What other song? I'll bet it in the end and never the song Bobby, who wrote? What else that another school with French wood? Sounds like a genre Yeah, his ooeva I got your ooeva right over here, Schmacht I thought only women had those Oh, oh, yeah Check out your ooeva at the Louvre It's farmed by the craze over dance called the mashed potato Why love that now? If you've got that, I will absolutely You know I did an accident in my pain Mash potatoes on the ADD syrup We've been through this before, that is one of my all kinds of things Oh no! Woo! I need cancer, pop Something close to me, I think that's the best answer If the potatoes are the wrong path Oh, this is the sweetest night That's me Why do you shoot out making my fish and you know I'll do that? Another day That's a good, how do you make anybody? Yeah, if you buy this now, we will start like me I'd go out and buy Or you can steal it Why have this in my iPod? Yes, you did Good, excellent I can't believe I'm getting the most of the songs I've had I've had a fool of your hair Come on, I'll go to the set Come on with a little angel, but that's great How you found that? I have no idea That was a magical moment Inspired by the craze over a dance called the match Potato the song was written in a few hours But I picked it at a musical colleague, Leonard Kapizzi Not only did Monster Mash catch on in a flash It's for free and accompanied by pickets Spirit of Carl Off and Fresh and was also destined to get stuck In the minds of generations to come He did the match, she did the Monster Mash It was a great view of your wife We just got through a plan that But it's here in the article And by the way Charlie B.Synthesis In our poll expert, thank you Charlie You'll be okay in our book sometime The soon-channel in the Gala Bartow Halley we Halloween Pickets hold a Boston Globe in 89, but he didn't seem to mind I'll fit in the lab coat stain with fake blood Picket off and introduced Monster Mash at oldies' concerts By saying, I'd like to perform a medley of my hit Ha ha ha ha ha ha And since all the times at least he was honest anyway He was honest and I don't go about it Go about it, he's dead A poor 40 out of the lot for it Although picket never again achieved these Six months to match the Christmas sequels Monster's holiday, which number 30 But 30 And we tried to December 62, a lot of remember that It was on the Z size, which I listened Yes, StarDrek Which Spoof's a Star Trek episode Was also the most requested tune And Dr. The Meadow Show in 76 I never heard that StarDrek I'm not gonna go find it Wow Robert George Picket was born February 11, 1938 In the summer filled mass, his father managed to move me By the way, anybody who's never been to Boston You better go there sometimes soon What a wonderful, you know, what the two sisters What? Even just for the food But if just there's just a certain ambiance, a certain atmosphere, a certain Uber Whatever that means In Boston, that's just a wonderful place You go to Quincy Market and get some of them Clans, strips or chowda And who the North End and you'll find There are a lot of restaurants highly overrated in the North End of Boston Which is unfortunate, but there's somebody great Italian restaurants too A little bit A little bit Come to Boston No, no, that wasn't Kenny Loggins As Dave Loggins, I think it's Dave Loggins I get my Loggins this mixed up all the time It was Dave Loggins, please come to Boston I'd like to go back one of these days Have a lot If I lose like 10 pounds, I'd like to go back to them again at all that But they shouldn't have the food like they used to man Prince spaghetti house, munch, munch His father managed to move me through So Picket grew up watching movies about Dracula and Frankenstein And developed a voice call from first that earned him his nickname Bobby Boris Picket, I see And the 1950s he came to LA to pursue an acting career He did TV commercials, got bit parts And joined a corgels of doop groups I'd like to go crazy, the corgels When a group sang the 1950s it little darling by the diamonds Picket would slip in the comic in personaged to Carl Offwards in Spirloond to write the monster mash I haven't made millions picket for old and Memphis commercial appeal And I'd be paying the rent for 36 years with this one song What a guy There's a little girl in the diamond bag I read it and I had the gladiose which is great I didn't have the hard work I heard it didn't have the hard work I heard it didn't have the hard work I heard it didn't have the hard work He survived by a daughter two grandchildren And a sister, Bobby Boris Picket is dead Well, what a nice talk up I could barely even hear it And that's enough, that's more enough of diamonds See the gladiose Is that so did this many times before the gladiose had the really good recording of that And I don't know which came first to chicken or my leg And then the diamonds said it on Mercury Records records in our lesson was a big hit because it was so can't be you know can't be for I would must be first because I don't have it I'm a good person got you all as much as the first one because I don't have it must be in the 50s yeah oh definitely was in the 50s I think the 1850 I'm gonna go but it's gonna take an half a half hour to meet each time fuck 12 Friday you bested oh come to Florida and die folks that's what it's all about when you're ready to lay your head down I'm a golden brains and go insane you're gonna cheat this kid ah it's making a me shit all of the old folks are with the mom I'm dying out of the hair that's a lovely be checking the seeds oh they never saved me just waiting for the ever special to come huh? wasting away getting good at it oh search for the false you've been left in a glass and how they're explaining that there's a tough host to play but they know is there on their farm yes the 7 in the 7 in the get the early bar the boys you just is not as they can and once they are seated they get over enough the staff's performing roles in our clip wave in a way here can't in group looking for the long lost our google I hate it like How did I say that it's a full of truth today? Half or so? And I'm the blue You hear that mom and Amanda Blues honey? You hope folks don't know the reason Oh she's still dead, sorry mom Nothing is pleasing The muscles aching that you just don't see What does it matter? When they call up kneel and shout out I hate you kneel and never listen to your shun But don't do it or do it And waste it away again and go to a haunted You're fair Just a positive matter, you're a lady And how did I claim that it's a tough host to play But me or those They can't wait for their shun And how did I claim that it's a tough host to play But me or those They just can't wait for their shun And nearly home That's so low thing to rest Oh boy, to set free backs of memories And I was in the back when we were in radio station And I actually had callers, you know what's the reason I heard a 940 or something like that Is a matter of fact Our close personal buddy Ricky emailed me a picture Oh Jesus God Jim de Fetus He's actually on TV now And I'm on a video He's a screen, it wouldn't hold the he's just flopping over the edges of it That's how big he looks like job of the height He is enormous He makes Hank look like little miss moth it With a without the tough it blow boy Jim de Fetus, you've got a face antibody for radio sweaty So anyway he was I guess the same that he also does As I show in his box in shorts can't mean When I do it it's you know I got some fat here I'm out of cow But not like disgusting like what's like a spazzing spaz There's at least spazzing spazzing is a lot of good stuff for our website But Jim de Fetus I mean who are you kidding But anyway 940 back in the day WI and Z great callers you have to admit that huh Oh yeah wins as opposed to WOLLOS LUS Like across the street that's what they should have across the street LUS WLOS we lose this again thing you know sports deal We win you lose Dennis Or whoever does you have Dennis Collins And of course Joel Feinberg Try to forget about him Here's the pull results from yesterday I got a lot of stuff to do here A lot of stuff we might have to stand on a couple of hours Now with that sports garbage Okay here's the thing 13331331 on the boats Which illegitimate use of your computer work are you most frequently guilty of And you know you people say I never miss work I miss you as my work computer I tell you either your liars or your boring or your stupid or all of the above am I right? Yeah Visiting the arangers dot com and voting on the poll of course that makes sense to me it's logical and a very A logical world in which we live 382 that was number one hands down your pants Checking out the news 237 when it now check it out Serving poor in 2012 at excellent choice kill some good time or work or any other time I never miss you's my work computer 188 We don't play We think you're full of crap Reading my personal email 141 that's a good choice Playing a game 55 Well, what what does that mean playing the game? What kind of games do you all come on? Peter games obviously but I mean like what? You name it game through your shoot at people you could be playing the Sims Like the ones that you play on the only like the TV and business files and different times Yeah, there you go That's it I don't know you want to know what's aggravating because the the dealer they give you to move your ball It just doesn't move fast enough You don't give you a proper joystick that is correct There's a little property joy stick Anyway, visiting my space 33 Wow, what a concept that is listening to music My 30 at work while you're supposed to be doing some heavy duty work and you're listening to music Probably listening to Bobby Boris Picket in the monster mash or Dd sharp and mashed potato time Why sure love that are you positive I got that? Yeah, if I had that I'd be in the living room right now with my iPod cranked way up Oh, you got it. Ordering merchandise 25 reading a blog 18 and watching a video 10 I don't think I'll ever make another entry in my blog Okay, I might I mean it's there. See I just like to my options open you know what I mean for Rajal I think my options open. Maybe he's just I'm a Raj that maybe I'll meet him at the Marajan Vegas We'll have a fine time Now I don't want to like pick on him too much because then he'll vanish and get all of all one things So I think you're close personal friends. This girl will keep him in lines. Hey, don't worry about it The old man's just an old queen. That's all. He just got a good sense of humor. That's right, but I'll find you. I'll find you I'll find you. I do look out now. That's just just a joke. Well, maybe it's not. Oh, guess who else died? I give up I'm an intuitive man and nobody we need is gonna care except old-farts like me. We'll talk about it after the break Friday you best Hey tell presents 720 game like the way this song is alone, especially the lady in your life by Jerry Lewis Lany And I With you And So many love songs. The old lady always Liberty by the love mice or himself And the livable superstar in the theater Jerry Lewis. I don't get your favorite lady love song Lady Lany Lany Lady Lany A cross by big red bed It's an amazing company of up 748 love songs for your lady. Oh, this is a new remasculated old performed My lamassival superstar Jerry Lewis I And I I Me I You'll get this arrow split plastic And And 500 Isn't he making a interpretation of a super hit Flabad king of popell? AK Hey, you're right. You're right. Hey, you're right. Hey, you're right. You're right. Hey, you're right. Hey, you're right. Hey, you're right. Hey, you're right. Hey, you're right. Hey, you're right. Hey, you're right. Hey, you're right. Hey, you're right. Hey, you're right. Hey, you're right. Hey, you're right. Hey, you're right. Hey, you're right. Hey, you're right. Hey, you're right. Hey, you're right. Hey, you're right. Hey, you're right. Hey, you're right. Hey, you're right. Hey, you're right. Hey, show your 2270. fryer 325. Hey, turn okay. Ryan. Hey, play, okay, hey. You're right. Drop down the bat at the son of my brother. Am I right, my brother? Hey, hey. Can I do it, yo-hey guys? Com puzzle number. I've broken your свои place. 12 Okay, I guess if seven six six five five five five more, get it back. You know, no contest at all. So much better already and they have seen the started singing game. I have this. Where'd you find that? I know you have this. Jack Valetti's dead. Oh no. How is that he was against or a crook? I don't know why I should say that. Another day I guess I can say whatever I want. Well first of all he was buddies with Lyndon Johnson. Oh, look at this. These re-taps 20 year radio veteran Thomas Manning is Joe Manjaro. Power 96. Oh, that already. Is this the guy you met in the team room? Yes, very nice guy. Very tall. Well good. It's about time we had a nice guy in there. For the past seven years he's been director for sales for cheap channels, group and Rollie. Oh, he was with cheap channel. Watch out. He's a spy. Rollie. For that he was with cross-town Pinnacle Broadcasting's WXFC and WFXK. Careful. I know. I was going to nervous about that one. He also served as a team of WQOK and Rollie. Oh, woo. Now the member of the Rally Mafia. WQOK. That was the big clock. Vice President Markmanager Joe Bellcomman in power 96 has historically been a market leader having Thomas Manning served at the helm presented terrific opportunity for our already strong team. Said, jolly Joe Bell. Manning added power 96 is an exciting station in a vibrant market. Oh, see you, they moving it. It's going to be my pleasure to work with the talented professionals at power 96. We're continuing to build a positive station in reputation as a market leader, explore new ways to reach listeners and advertisers. Oh, great. Now, welcome to a real crazy place, Tom. I've just extended for another 75 years by the way. I'm going to be doing a show from the crypt. You heard a tale from the crypt and a lot of show from the crypt. Well, the actualities in the crypt he's dead. Former White House aide, the LBJ and Philanisfilabius twins tutored the modern movie rating system and guided Hollywood from the censorship error to the digital age, die-guessening was 85. You know, in a lot of countries, they don't have the movie rating system. They don't have that. Gee, how do they keep their kids safe? I don't know. Philanthi had a stroke in March was hospitalized for several weeks. John's happens in University of Medical Center, Baltimore. He died of complications from the stroke that is washed in the home. Said Seth Oster of the motion picture, associated with the microchairs that Oster as maybe he invented the Osterizer. Philanthi was a special assistant in confinant to or maybe it's a different Uber. A special assistant in confinant to, or maybe it's a different Uber. A special assistant in confinant to suit of intellectuals. They love using French words. They figure the rest of us are dumb and we don't know our French. And quite frankly, I don't want to know any French. We language or people. All I take that back when I was in Paris, there were a couple of people. I wanted to know and guess what I did. I knew them in a very friendly and close-up way. Philanthi was a special assistant in confinant to present Lyndon Johnson when he was learning Hollywood in the 60's by movie moguls, Len Walshman and Arthur Krim. I wonder if he was kind of more Krim that used to be on WBZ. Who's real name was Morton J. Krimski, but nevertheless. A lifelong film lover, he once died of the 1966 film, a man for all scenes is his all-time favorite. Well, who gives a crap about that? When he took over his present emotion picture association in America, he was copied between Hollywood's outdated system of censorship and the liberal culture explosion taking place in America. Philanthi abolished the industry's restrictive haze code, which prohibited explicit violence in French treatment of sex, and in 1968 over-sauce creation of today's letter-based rating system. While I believe that every director of studio and has the right to make the movies they want to make, everybody else is the right not to watch a belay until the AP, surely before returning in 2004. All we do is give advanced cautionary warnings and say, this is what we think is in this movie. Like for example, Lassie come home, once he got involved, and it became like x-rated because Lassie took a dump to her day in the movie. And we sure saw there want to be our kids being seen in live things like that. They're going to think that dogs do things like that. The whitehead, Valencia, was fragmented in the movie fans with frequent appearances that the Academy Awards when frequent Oscar-host Johnny Carson would poke fun of his speeches. The Valencia showman equally animated whether testifying it or congressional hearing, hot nubbing with celebrities at the Cannes Film Festival, are previewing films for Washington's A-Leaf in his office as private de-aider. His friends range from actress Kirk Douglas and city-placier to more improbably Senator Jesse Helms are considered to often at odds with Hollywood. In Valencia's later years, he handled tricky new challenges from the internet and technologies of the lot of movies to be illegally reproduced and distributed in the instant. Valencia also traveled worldwide seeking the throat movie and grew still nice sports to reluctant country such as China. Oh yeah. Those Chinese, man. They're real nervous about the kind of hanky spanky that we put up. They don't want their people getting brainwashed and seen like what life is really all about. Although I can't imagine the Chinese making more than a billion people either so I guess without our help, they're still making a lot of babies over there. And I must be magic. 827 boats out of days pool, it's going to take about an hour to read it. See, I backed myself into a quarter with this in here. What is this Tony Harris doing? What the hell was that? Did you see that? No. He's making a whole bunch of faggy gestures on there. Maybe he has come out. I don't know. Get off my screen, Tony. Make me sick. Oh, we're going to see, I don't want to see this again. Roger Ebert, as much as I could never stand him. I just, you know, you've got to be the most heartless bastard in the world to want to see this. But you look at it. No, I'm not Spanish television. Look at him. He just fell off to the finish of him again. He's not looking, he's not looking. Pretty, you know, not that he ever did. But what, that's very sad. And of course, like I said, God works in mysterious ways. He inflicts these evil punishments on people who are full of crap and make bad movie reviews. I think that's one of the worst things you could do. Is make bad movie reviews. And then the Lord really smokes you, baby. He comes. He sticks his finger there. He's like that. Like an electric charge. And all of a sudden you get smitten by the Lord. And when you get smitten by the Lord, you're going to go off your gore. I'll say that right now. I think I'll do the break. And then come back and read all 49 states outside of Florida. And Alabama so far with the band. And look at that Alabama Texas Mississippi. All in a deaf struggle. It's a dumb fight for a fight. He lives on queer streets. Like there's round on queer streets. He has a house and garden. I would love to see what happens. He just holds and pets his monkey. Women fall, they can look real for me. He has always wears and knows what to do. He wants me and me. Thank you. And well, he lives on queer streets. Here is more for all the creatures think. I wonder what they're doing if he says. He said you like a jump-off. He's a dude like I know him. He lives on queer streets. He lives on queer streets. He lives on queer streets. He lives on queer streets. He lives on queer streets. He lives on queer streets. I say let's dig up for a quiver and bring him back to the dolphin game. What do you say? Oh, yeah. I'm a man dog. Now that the two of them have a work together. Of course they do. What am I? I'm worse than you. You're getting seen all as Rick. In fact, we have that one. Oh, we don't have it. What? We must have it. Is it under like Madison Weaver or something? We've got to have that one clip. We're all here. Here it is. I got it. Oh, right. All right. Oh, brother. Rick Weaver lives on. We'll be around you. Sure. How do you like that? That's right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. I think Mad Dog was just a little bit too much for Weaver. You know, he just got carried away. He brought him over the top. But I'm out of his shell, I guess. Rick was good. He was damn good. He smelled really bad. He was good. And not a nice guy. I. I. Both of those last two statements. Right. He had a nice to me. And I didn't smell anything off of him. Even though. Well, I'm just telling you what the bill called or told me since the both of us think for the fish is now. I'm sure they. He won't think of us. He can say whatever he want. You can't get sued. Nobody gets all been out of shape and stuff like that. But Bill told me that he smelled real bad. And he worked. We're going to be. I owe the way more than I did. So he must know. The smell may way more than you did. Probably. I don't know. It's not the pole. That's not the pick it on Mr. Weaver now. Okay, Mr. Weaver. Don't make mistakes. Or something like that. I've said the last few years when he was seen out in the which team's run a few of other than that. He was great. And since then, it's been a string of real, I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know. Other than Florida, what's the last day you'd want to live in? I like this pole. The only problem is reading the result is very. It's going to be really draining. I have quite a thought. You know, so that I don't eat ice cream this weekend. I'm going to be making it right into a clock. I could drink with the expert. I could call my cab guy and have him pick me up and take me to woodbine at two. Get there by two thirty. And I could spend the whole weekend there. Now, there you go. They got that horrible restaurant. They're working for free. I can eat anything I want for free there. You know, because of the fact I lose 80s and a dollar is a week there. But what do you think of that? And I must have ice cream there somewhere I'm thinking. Not that I want any. Yeah. But I wouldn't be going out getting these pints of a hog and it's rocky road. Now that's really what I'm going to do. Whatever it takes. What do you think of that idea? My cost me like 5 or 10 grand. But I want to eat your life worth. Oh, to me? Yeah. Whatever I got millions. Well, then do it. 860 while I end of course. So you're probably rooting for for me to go out there and, you know, have a stroke. That's right. So you can cash in on that wheel. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I'll be going forward. Other than Florida, what's the last state you'd want to live in 866 votes? Alabama has been ahead all the while, but they got some real stiff competition year, man. I mean stiff 88 Alabama with a band you want money as in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, Montgomery Alabama, Mobile Alabama. What else? Is there any other word that we know? Jack is there no Jackson's in Mississippi. I don't know. Texas 82. Alabama 88 Texas 82. And Mississippi 81 Jackson, Mississippi. What do we know, else in Mississippi? What else do we know? Paschigula. Right. Okay. Isn't Paschigula Mississippi? No more about it tonight. I never, but he ain't no more about it. I've been in Mississippi. I've been in Chicago, states and I always drove real fast. They don't like being against the law. I have it. And they don't like Jews. I have it. They don't like Jews. Do you sure? Alaska 71 and you got upset about that. I wouldn't want to live there. I would. I would. I wouldn't want to live. Although I'd like to hear Northwood, Alaska by Johnny Horton, if you got it. We're all right. I'm coming right up. He's dead too. Johnny Horton. He was good. He's been dead a long, long time, but nevertheless. Johnny Horton. I don't have it. You don't have it. You suck at the moment. I'm just waiting. I'm taking your answer to my will right now. Alaska 71. And then it's really interesting. New York, 60. Now, all the states, why would people say, I think what they're doing is they're just expressing their anti-nurfsity, anti-nircure, a feeling they're venting their venom. Finten, New York, 60. I mean, what would be wrong with like living in a rendez-coid or in a pew or now they got a good one. I don't want to live in the York either. North Dakota, 40, said, and I voted for that. Just not as simply for you. North Dakota. I've never been there. I don't want to be there. You know what? You know everything that you need to know about it. Nothing. You talk for me. You talk for me. You talk for me. Actually, if I had the change of my vote, let me see where it is on the list here. I would vote for Wyoming. I don't even see Wyoming on the list. Don't, we couldn't possibly have missed any because I took the list of states. Where the hell did you see Wyoming on here? Yeah. Oh, there it is. I'm sorry. Thank God. If we had to do this over again, I would plot. That would be really bad. Plus the way I'm doing this, you know, it's going to take at least three hours to read it just once. Then we'll be done. North Dakota, 47 Utah, 43 Louisiana, 38. They just had a thing here on CNN that the crime rate, the number of the number of crimes and murders and stuff in New Orleans is the same as it was before only half the population. So they're dying like flies in Louisiana. A lot of folks put the lose in Louisiana. That's a horrible place. But only 38. Jersey, 30. Arkansas, 28. California, 27. Kansas, 23. Nebraska, 18. West Virginia, 17. Oklahoma, 16. Iowa, 13. Nothing wrong with Iowa. Man, got some an important fed midwestern people. Mm, mm, mm, my, my. What, what is the big deal with this Richard gear thing with this criminal kiss? What was that all about? Is that the Indians are very down on public and by down them? He's they don't like, uh, what you call it? Public displays of affection. No, you mean the Indians from India? Correct. And he is also, if I meet Verizon like a day land, I can't kiss him there in the mall. You'll have to ask him, maybe you'll have to go behind me. I guess I'll ask him where I can kiss him. There you go. I got some ideas behind this. Just a joke for I don't get don't let's just go take any crap. Iowa 13, Wyoming 12, South Carolina 12, Idaho 12, Georgia 12, Georgia. That's a horrible place. I should have a lot more votes than that. Georgia, like entry, Ohio 10, New Mexico 10, Massachusetts 10. See, as we get lower on the list here, that means these are the better places alleged. Michigan 9, I lived mid-probiers in Michigan, man. Nothing wrong with Michigan. And here comes Michigan Mac on the outside, driven by Ralph Mapes. Well, that was a great horse, Michigan Mac. Let's start talking Michigan Harness Racing. Hawaii 9, I wonder if Jack Wigs is still alive. Arizona 8, North Carolina 7, Maine 7, South Dakota 6, Kentucky 6, Tennessee 5, Montana 5. Virginia 4, Vermont 4, I'm only going to redo this a couple times because this is ridiculous. New Hampshire 4, Indiana 4, Indiana 1, speed by the way. Illinois 4, Connecticut 4, Colorado 4, Oregon 3, Minnesota 3, Maryland 3, state of Washington 2, Rhode Island 2. Who now wants to live in Rhode Island? I was in there again said, park the ones, the long time ago, it was probably long gone. Let's talk about all the racetracks the old Queens been to. Near again said, you can tell you where we'll be general when you've been to like more than 50 racetracks in your life. That's a real degenerate. Pennsylvania 2, Delaware 2 was constant one, Missouri 1, and Nevada has got the big, nobody don't want to, I would say that's the last place they want to live. I don't want to live there. The West Department of I'm in America, I had talked to all I'm going to buy me a house out there, and all those beautiful low-prior, once upon a time they were pretty cheap, pretty inexpensive, out there by last month, time yes, you know, in Vegas. We hope and welcome to our giant Johnny Roy. The last thing that people are seeing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, took the last thing. The last thing goes, the last thing goes, it goes, the last thing goes, the last thing is, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, to the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, is, power, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes,inya, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing Sí vì goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, the last thing goes, What I'd love to get another free trip to Vegas. Yeah, you would love it Yeah, who's gonna get who's gonna give you gambling money? I get maybe Chris will take care of you. That's right I'm gonna go over you're gonna Vegas. I love Vegas. You've been here then twice someone go again I'm gonna just stay besides that on the street Aladdin and then a time share Hey guys Vegas is my kind of town Go get some silly string scottie macuidie it That would that that then near it's a make miracle. I survived that whole or deal man That's just about took my life that whole deal between the satellite dish guy and Vegas all of which You know that all happened pretty much simultaneously liodd that that's just about putting me in the ground And that would not have been a good thing because then I never would have been on QAM and look at all the people right now Most of them are listed right now who would have missed a pleasure of ever even knowing God and I'm saying figuratively literally I'm never imagination whatever right right that would have been really bad Plus I wouldn't have all this money sitting around that I want to lose this weekend So what do you think of my plan you think that's a possibility? I mean you're saying whatever whatever it takes And whatever takes what not to eat ice cream right If the higher a goon to follow you around and smack the spoon out of your mouth it'll be worth it I'll goon this practice full spoon goon oh and spare me with a fama bad boy's cream with a harpoon Here's Ricardo Marubon and the Chrysler New Yorker This like your is automobile has always delivered the performance you'd expect from and the Yorker And now Chrysler introduces an onboard micro processor which even speaks to you just like a new Yorker You want to put on your feet? You better eat the steering wheel Yes, this is truly a new Yorker I And for the most dangerous city in the world a security system second to none Maybe you should put a side of the window just rip me off yes the Chrysler New Yorker if you can find a better luxury car By it I got your luxury ride it's another 02560 Joe fact, and he requested that tomato Frank tank got there some I wouldn't say they're even bleeps in there They're just like dropouts or whatever call whatever you call what are we call it? I don't know bill He says speaking of Rick we were and what happened there at the when the middle then break all this and I I had to turn the audio also I could say something to you, but obviously you didn't hear it I had to say I had to say line in mind Do that neither I heard that okay, but then I couldn't hear the audio and I thought we dropped out and I said something No, you sure no because I said My didn't say I said what that was going on Chris you idiot and of course It was just fall. Thank Chris play me Speak in a Rick we were don't you still have him commenting about that often disturbing least penalized a penis size But we don't I Don't think we do that let me take a look after my weaverism as and see if we have I'm sure we don't because if we did I we plan at all the time wouldn't I? We were you dummy Jump strength No, I do have you dummy. I like that's probably coming yeah. Oh you got that Are we on the air And a running backs I turn in the cracks into big holes. Yeah, we know okay, listen just remember that was in the pre-joice era I am the pre-tannitastic I'm running right out of a jack strap. Yeah, we know that I got those All right, that's all I got That's all you got no I got this too. I could never charge for an other car I'm a keeper in that my opinion for new stock radio 610 WIO do have this I'm beginning to blew the blow the Who the wait for a man beginning to blow the years on clear streak right now and he is in dummy Yeah, okay, and that's what we're going to do Jesus Christ just because we have to dolphins back we got a resurrect I say do do so I was about the moment Let's hang his ass from the From the gold posts before our kickoff or opening game. What do you say? Okay, okay, now did you watch that debate last night? I didn't watch it You're gonna call him you ask him Chris right? No, I'm asking just in general. I'm saying I'm asking you to the general. I was watching Sweet emotional like I always do so I make no apologies for that. It's a regular ritual here My good buddy Jerry who lives down on the fourth form I building he comes up every night seven o'clock we watch wheel of fortune then he goes Fang out with his new girlfriend But at any rate We're Republican Rudy Giuliani is favorite of a democratic firm runner Hillary Clinton for the West Presidency and three key electoral states While X-FICE President Al Gore might be the Democrats strongest choice for 2008 according to a new poll I came out yesterday The Quinnipiac University poll showed that former New York mayor Giuliani who is leading the race for Republican nomination would beat Democratic Senator Clinton Salvation Florida, Ohio and Pennsylvania The three popular states are seen as crucial swing states in any election with their votes But it's never clear in the Republican order democratic camp in Florida, Giuliani top Clinton 49 to 41 percent in Ohio 46 to 41 and in Pennsylvania 47 to 43 The poll showed that Ohio had switched sides for Giuliani from an earlier march survey but that she held the same against the Republican in Pennsylvania and gained ground in Florida However the Quinnipiac number showed that non-Canada they go or who lost the 2000 race alleged Could do better than Clinton against Giuliani in those states Giuliani led the Gore 4743 in Florida and the two were tied at 44 percent East in Pennsylvania But Gore trail Giuliani and Ohio much more with the poll showing 4739 for Giuliani But a beat that we put about well what it what it I'm always I understand this poll where it has a Barack Obama Huh kind of a poll is it that just picks and chooses it just strictly would swirly swirly and Gore against Julian I guess At least that's just what they chose to write about there and you know how they pick and choose they pick and choose It's like picking both nostrils at the same time Doug Thompson says pick and since we didn't watch it last night leave it took a little a Douggy boy to give us a little insight the debate that wasn't He says the great debate the first of the never ending presidential campaign season came and went Thursday night in South Carolina and it was for all practical purposes a yonder So cautious careful so calculated so scripted where the eighth and required of candidates Now journalists could have written it a bit straight from the talking point for not each campaign long before the 90 minutes News of broadcast and MSNBC And you know what it was about it was about politics As only Chris Matthews could say with his speech defect politics talking out of the side of his mouth like some kind of a A carney Barker like an idiot Not that many notices Doug Thompson overnight ratings from major TV market show that the talk face that began at 7 p.m. last night Light far behind Syndicated entertainment got some shows along with Jeopardy and Wheel of Fortune for the first hour and CBS's survivor for the last 30 minutes and why not even latest Todd renews about Brittany Kevin Alec and and close up shop provided far more fodder for coffee shop gossip this morning The anything is spewing out of the miles of the candidates for public office. I'll take boredom for 500 Alex In a free package consultant ribbon focused group shape political world campaign debates are anything but Every word spoken by each of the candidates have been me her so many times out of so often Before the audience could have finished it off in a responsive reading and keep it then as Conscious man of a house seems subdued and Instead of a substantive discussion to the issues we got an hour and a half of Pablam delivered by the handler controlled Maniconstraint on the central casting not one of these uber cautious presidential Monobie showed an ounce of courage a grab of leadership or a nano second of independent thought At the debates and the Lemmings who masquerade today is working journalist margin for major which candidates folks Manso they could spoon feed the pre-prepared spin that claims each of their candidates one Like so much of the glitz of modern politics that the debate resulted in must you do about nothing I saw nothing on that stage Thursday night that would make me want to vote for a single one at the candidates for Orifice this wasn't a debate. It was just another episode of the long running political so-puffer There should be called as the stomach churns It left me wishing that federal election balancing food and none of the above is an option of woodwind in our gliance landslides his dark Compton I didn't like that. I just didn't miss much. I was busy watching wheel of fortune And it was a fine young man on there finding the color suit and he was like 22 whatever it was I don't know what he and he was done with the saw dust I think you had 2600 bucks on the last puzzle finally you dummy you idiot you quiz Lemm and then the fat bro. I mean the lady that wound up putting going to the you know jackpot round I don't know how that'll she came up with the the answer Have you ever noticed that sometimes you think it's fixed like there's one or two letters on there and she's like out of big smile on her face and she had it You know she got it. Yeah, and then she got 30 grand Top it all off Now here's the facts that are not a facts, but it's an email from our my space your place Which I forgot who sent it yesterday, but and probably just as well because you're gonna get all better shape like it before the show It says Neo don't waste your time more money on borat movie was overrated now What what when you send me originally like ages with the wrong subtitles Yeah, with the wrong subtitles and it was like Yeah, but I wasn't happy joke, but I I've lasted about 20 minutes to it and I thought to myself this is the same joke over and over and I that that was it for me And then you sent me a virgin copy DVD like what right English, you know I said I didn't make the movie no big deal. It's just there are some very funny things in there Can I finish reading this and then you can reply because okay? You may get a few chuckles out of it, but they're very few and far between To sum it up watching borat will be very similar to watching brocans mounting only the gay sexy We're meant to be funny, but they weren't very common as they say The gay sex scenes were meant to be funny, but they were all and that does that mean is borat and borat? He's talking about I Don't know what that person is talking about. Oh, maybe he didn't either I don't know what he's trying to say is that way she's not watching borat. Okay. Well, it's free So it is free. It came into male free from you when I think you know Being by bang the Who wouldn't want to see that because it's a fair night. Yeah, I don't know. I'll watch it this weekend If I'm not it would be on all weekend. Where do you think of that idea? I think it's a good idea I'm only half joking about that. I don't know Maybe I get lucky like the jambi would idea better. You like like a bodyguard to garish your body For dangerous food And it is dangerous when you're diabetic, you know that's right and they chop off your limbs and your kidneys fail and shut down And then you wind up with Bob Lancet and disease and you die horrible death. That was really just tragic Readin that blogger be a in and then all of a sudden boom like that just like that. He was dead You know just like somebody pulled a plug very not pleasant not a good thing diabetes sucks folks Don't get real fat and don't get diabetes. Let me tell you that's a message for me to you All you punk stuff. They're all you like Chris. I think it's too late for you Chris who gives us song that to you remind me of in a way Who Now that you're gonna take this bat. I'm not talking about that fat the Humper Cause fat people tend to be in denial And like I said I asked you about your blood sugar that one day and you said oh it was okay And I said well, what was the number you have? I don't know about it like that, you know And the same with the Humper not only won't he get a computer and come into the 18th century But he also is so stubborn that he won't he won't get one I was gonna buy one him for remember that One of those blood sugar measuring things. I remember if you're finger every several times today and I Where did you say I didn't do it because I know he wouldn't he wouldn't do it so there's no point in my wasting the money, you know right When there are people like you that want some of my money. Why should I wait for something for your guy to tell like a death wish? Yeah, oh by the way speaking of that we got to derby next weekend too We got to NFL draft this weekend and the derby next weekend God who could possibly acts for more It's the fact you're back home I do you best dude everybody knows one of the hippest things to do these days is to open our restaurant slash Meaning indoor theme park in all heart of man half and that's why the high-powered folks have the national rifle association Our please do an ounce cafe and our a At cafe and our a every food item is unique. That's because our chefs always cook your food over in open fire Speaking of food at cafe and our a you'll find only to find this delicious meats Welcome to cafe in our a He liked to try our deal of the day you mean Today no my appeal But cafe and our a is about more than just food It's about guns and fun for instance while you're dining be sure to play a quick game of find the crosshairs in your suit Find them and get a free clip of ammo for the automatic of your trip And before or after dinner you'll find it's fun to get loaded in our bar where every drink is served in Shot glasses and for those of you who want to enjoy the fun of shooting something yourself cafe and our a offers some of the most realistic shooting games you've ever seen place of shooting favorites as I didn't know the gun was But I put grandpa was a burglar and But officer the guy cut me off in trap F8 and our a we're blowing the competition 1118 at five 16 every Qm big big weekend baby. We got the NFL draft. Can you feel it close the window man? So your close personal friend Brandon has got a good suggestion for me as far as the rocky road and all this ice cream and kill him myself With my diabetes. Yeah, he says I know what work for you. I know exactly what will keep you from eating ice cream Just keep a picture of Hank Goldberg and origin defeat us in your wallet That way when you take out your wallet to pay for the ice cream you see them and then look at the clerk who just scooped your rocky road and say I changed my mind Turn around and walk away like you would say just walk away just walk away like that. That's what you would say Sounds really great. I mean see for me to become other people fat would be like You know me to call you other people. Yeah, just like the governor for example I wouldn't want to call Miss Chris gay like that. Hello. Yeah, when you're fat see when you're skinny and you start picking on fat people That's really bad because you don't know anything about fat or about the About the trails about the trials and tribulations of us fat people and I'm sure the audience to want to hear about fat and about ice cream and stuff like that And I did see that the godfather What what happened to Ben and Jerry's why I'm what what point did they go wrong? I know they got to they sold out right? Yes, Ben and Jerry sold out. They sold out to who was it? I don't know you'll be very Like the armorace and corset ground rationed. They decided to make all these new horrible flavors Godfather and good. They got a good names and stuff like that, but they really blow. You know real crap crap Ola in fact even some of the old flavors to be very honest with you when you come right down to it There are only a very little bit of a number of Ben and Jerry flavors. There was the fish food And there's New York superfights chunk which is okay not great. Okay, and what else what else Ben and Jerry's is also great? What's the big semis? Uh I don't know what's the cherry one one with the cherry Garcia cherry Garcia. That's pretty damn good if you like good cherry Yeah, but what else nothing all that great? You're the ice cream mavens so I am as a ice cream expert, baby I don't even think that the Ben and Jerry's make a rocky road. How do you like that? Well, what kind of crap is that? 2 a.m. Hello, you know, I know you think I'm not when it comes to help stuff, but I want you to think back Where there was you been? I'm around You know, you left I'm a call you were so crab. Yeah, but you know, let me stay away for a while wasn't me. It must have been George He's still here. By the way, he's so never did Oh Harvey Jr. Ladies and gentlemen a cameo appearance by one of our all-time callers I didn't say I have met in appearances years back we never had a problem with each other long conversation You bet you know, you may be good luck. I'm love some time the way he was looking at me, but yeah Other than that Listen to your orders, maybe he wants you maybe that's it If I stay you let him say what he's gonna say for crisis we actually got a real collar on here or close to it This is why I don't call yeah, okay, but anyway You remember years ago you went and had your freaking gallbladder taken out like sure of course Again, damn your die from Olive oil lemon juice flush the gallbladder out you didn't do it and you were sick forever after you said I wish I would listen to bar Rejoin here. I should have done what he said I know something right now as I'm sitting my fan as an issue I was 187 this morning Which isn't great it's still you know about 27 pounds of morning. I should be but I feel then good. I'm sitting like I'm what I feel great. You're not gross Leo B said if you're 186 pounds You're what five ten five eleven five nine I should wait I the charts is I should wait 150 if I wait one fifty I'd look like Karen Carver I should wait ideally one sixty But you've got a big head That's got a way something So what's what's the solution okay with all the chief shots you want to take go right ahead Believe me I'm making enough money. I can take all the crap you want to let go Please not listening but you do not roll your eyes because they swear to God this works I don't know my eyes the first eyes nobody here to see it anyway. I'm sitting all low my underwear There's nobody gonna see it so why would I rule my eyes go ahead I I have a blood sugar you know blood sugar cravings my blood sugar. It was all over the freaking place You're a skinny freaking guy for Christ six. I'm a skinny Ellen good chef But anyway listen to me. You listen if you're ever gonna say something you say coconut Milk not to crap and Let's just listen to me not to crap that the average I's not the crap in the can you get somebody to do it for your fresh coconut milk You mix it with a probiotic you let us sit on the counter for three days you drink the glass of that before you go to better I guarantee you your sugar craving and I You know I knew you were gonna roll your eyes I'm not going my as it would be a very funny bit there by your close personal friendship Oh, you're I don't want it. I'm not going my as it would be a very funny bit there by your close personal friend chicken neck Anyway, in clothing yes Good They see He didn't know what was it coconut milk you stick that wear and you're I wasn't what he's talking about if you think I'm gonna do whatever he just said Anybody who thinks I'm gonna go through all that coconut milk and you do what would it? Will you think any attention what he said not not not even a little bit Chris did you hear it? Yeah, you put it in your eyes Are you put it in the in people mouth? What do you mean now? See I never stop People live in South Florida all this a multi cultural place. Oh, it does not There's nothing multi cultural about you got your you're got your angloes and your whoopios in your dark folks in and that's it And about 10 people from India and three people from China and two people from your heinous and I am that's it Multi cultural my as this is in fact Have remember about this three ages ago that Toronto's been the third the most multi cultural city in the union And it is you picked the country man Pakistan we got him for the peans we got him in jail We got him China. Oh, we got him Right Ruskies. Oh, they're all a wood vine stone bad. We got you want it. We got it What is that Johnny Quest? Yeah, since he mentioned it And the Indian people by the way happened to be is very very fine People Like we thought about how they smell what he talking about I said some of the ones like native Indian though the ones who are from India or like Maybe eat too much of that to see when you what when you eat the same food all the time and that gets in your bloodstream It gets into your the pores of your skin and so people that eat a lot of that heavy heavy curry flavor It's up they smell curry That we call Harvey in the morning once I once said that he on the same level like him Korean I ran like hell I said the end of the week really have a big ass. He said man like Not the serious But anyway, I mean people are fine. I just say that of the personal you know Because I've had some encounters with some fine Indian gentlemen I don't want to say sexual encounters because that would be a growth test But they were of a sexual in a sexual nature if I mean by that No, what do you mean you put the lemon in a coconut or a little similar to that? Had something to do with coconut I don't know I don't know if you had just dreamed it but I don't think so I think they were all for a very real nine forty seven So don't be picking on my Indian friends and especially for Raj's a you only wish Let me just tell you right now. Okay. You only wish you looked like that Okay, and we're 22 and go to school had a brain and a heart and a liver and a Whatever that other word was you said what was that word you said? Spring yeah, and no the first thing he said Jasper whatever Have a crap you're talking. What is that a Jasper? I think it's like a Ask no, it's a Wanted or something yeah a gem. Yeah, that's a gem a stone So we're on a spinner see Okay I'm not a 52 votes on a full by noon. We're gonna have a thousand votes and then you can sit back and throw all the stones you want I've exploded balls Goodbye Chris for lead you great big fatty always acting like a great big fat dump Me, Todd and have we filled you? Never Too bad for David's babe This career could fade cuz All he has left is that label TV show You won't be making buddy movies no And you want it to be just like chocolate and have drawn Candy's chips You finally made it But we're not too careful. What you wish? You gave us lots of laughter on Saturday night But you were way too young too died to commit that mess to a sign Goodbye Chris for lead What did you eat to Blood like a big balloon eating like a fool that would only bring you certain All the farmers are upset and All you never was some cable movies and a few tears of your past that will fill to make a unity And you wanted to be just like John the Lugie and have drawn past these truth You finally made it But we're not too careful What you wish You're happy to hold a piano that's it's me right now you reach the pizza in the sky You got so fat Oh, that's bad as fat if there was a god he let us eat lettuce eat Monsjamonja baby lettuce eat lettuce you know enjoy for Christ's eggs it tastes so good Mine but that's just the way it is you know we got some discipline you got to work out You got to go out there and run and the jump and all that crap kill some people How we do not uphold by the way we got 960 people So we'll get a thousand by noon easy Chris and then you can sit there and share all the bunch of food on your push Okay, how about some of that cookie push But when you started with that car Velcrap man. Yeah, I don't know what is wrong with you that car Vel doesn't make ice cream They make moosh that that to me's not ice cream. I don't think I've had it in 20 years Me either all you don't lie. It's time I had car Velasca about today and damn it I'm so pissed off not that I'm not safe though So we just got to dolphin games against it now everything we say you got to like I mean not that there's any great regulations And it's not that we can't knock the dolphins because they do suck but They used to have that car Vel stand there at the stadium, you know, okay, and you remember the days when fat rich And of course he's dead from fat or her but remember when we used to actually pay for our own tickets and we had great See no, yeah, oh, yeah And the I would eat days we used to pay and and the reason I got him is because he used to have four or two seats And for whatever the reason I used to buy season tickets and we took together and the first thing I would do when we go in there I would stop at Carvelle and get a hotfud Sunday would lots of cherries on it. Oh, God Hotfudger on chocolate ice cream at Carvelle and of course all they got is the soft But it does make a difference whether it's when it's swimming in hotfudge and with a bunch of cherries and cherry juice on it. Oh, God That's disgusting and I know then they tell me they got eating isn't there or something? Okay, I don't know Chris. Do you ever go to the stadium you've got games you can't afford to go? Yeah, I'm been for about a year or two Maybe somebody will tell us if I took any calls which I may or may or may not I'm pretty sure they have E.Ds where the car values to be there's no more carvel standing there Well, you know, we'll all be spiked. Remember you said that I used to bring us the E.Ds ice cream free because it was a big fan It's really unfortunate because I'll chill for just about anybody But when they bring you a product that you don't like it's like it's like when Smith and we'll unski-brought the You know it takes that time. It was real crap. Remember that? He had her but it was not good. No at all and I I'll even go the extra nine yards. I'll say and I don't only was it not good. It was bad. It was bad meat and believe me I know bad meat when I tasted but anyway Yeah, E.Ds ice cream to me is just industrial strength. It's like seal test Yeah, is the end or maybe like the old very queen the DQ I got to call you to the next one even ice cream and they don't call it ice cream. What do they call it? Soft serve soft. Sir. Yeah, I got something soft serve tiny used to leave that all the time. I'll tell you what I call That's right Soft serve. Oh brother. I got a several lines for that. I'll give you a choice immediately Yeah, and you all know where they're going to and where they're coming from Other than Florida what's the last state you want to live in? Mississippi and look at this. This is a house race baby. You forget to Kentucky, Derby. This is a house race We got three off of three states almost tied. We got two of them tied that even that even Stephen Mississippi and Alabama 99 a piece Texas right on their tail 91 Now what are those three states having come? They're all in the deep south and so you have deep south Alaska 74 I'm not going to be the mall just a few here because it's just stupid New York eight is I mean the polis good But reading them all stupid New York 66 North Dakota 54 Because now a lot of people are connecting like Fargo, you know, which is a great movie But they're thinking about the people in them who oh He's a little jica into funny The scene that I like to bed by the well the one with the wood chipper is good too Where he's tipping the guy up in the backyard there But the scene I like the bet was in the roof and the parking garage there remember Daddy decided he was gonna take matters in his own hands. Well guess what dad? Like what's your name sitting Godfather 3? Bad Mary So if you're a couple of it a big snaz you could have you could have made it made out of road map on that nose That's how disgusting she is She can't help but she was born with a big hunker. That's all Alaska 74 in New York 66 North Dakota 54 Utah 43 and Louisiana I'll just read them on 30 or more Louisiana 39 new jersey 33 California 30 Well, what's wrong with California we said mud slides in earthquakes and stuff like that in brush fires right and personally It will huh plastic people early illegally aliens by the by the boat load by the truckload What's wrong with that 970 on the pool? There's your bozo, but they're going to there's that murderous son of a bitch you called your president in the USA Oh boy, ready you then me. I don't want no part of that Don't blame me for him. Let me just tell you that right now. Okay, don't blame me for that not a moral in fact this weekend We are so sports intensive here on your sports station You see the fact that we're not on a weekend it makes it really pristine and clean although I don't know if you call the weekly fisherman really a sports show Is that as sport fishing? At the part of who you ask I mean, especially when you do it like in a gold fish bowl Well, now that was kind of interesting last night. I'm going to be that I watched that rookie It's only to get what what does it call better luck tomorrow? It was okay I don't want him to get all turned right in psychotic. I mean it wasn't gone with the wind You know it wasn't a classic it wasn't one of those but it was worth watching and then Ben who was the main character along with his buddies His Japanese buddies he got the you know they got in this him trouble man You know how it is with these punks they get it in trouble and he wound up kill on that guy and they buried him well But I turn it that but he had goldfish and way who would study he'd be memorizing all these things for school Because they were cheating all the time. So I'll see stuff and he'll be sitting there looking at the goldfish bowl I watch in the goldfish and it's like you're getting hypnotized You know watching the the watch go back and forth tick tick tick like that you know how that goes no I got metronome Right I metronome in the metronome in the super dome and we used to have the sky dome, but now of course It's the Rogers Center named after oh god But anyway, and then the goldfish one day came home and the goldfish was swimming upside down It wasn't swimming was just kind of like floating upside down at the top of the bowl Not usually a really good sign And so he flushed it down the toilet many got himself a new one, you know that's one good thing about goldfish Is there really cheap all the work kind of people get a goldfish? Yeah, I don't know I said God they go fish all the board and the problem with them is they start swimming upside down till anything She's I spell that money for these the beautiful angel fish knows neons and neon neon and all that crap Then they want I would mind seeing neon deons swimming upside down No, a party and most of the way others with a debuffers it cost hundreds of dollars my brown There's no one left to blame I said brownie Your little government shame I said brownie The circle rings up and blame there's no one I know who's more lame George Bush You'd better make them shut up before he says If we're true who messed up you can defend him But I'm sure you will find many fake dad he should Two time Half way too dumb to run the FPMA so people die when he ran F FMA Now that everyone knows that your leadership loads you can go back to your horse shows Today both Republicans and Democrats criticize the fact that brown is still on the federal payroll That maybe because as long as he remains at administration official his testimony must be cleared My his testicles must be cleared it's 1146 he likes those are maybe in houses though, man at Mickey Brown heck of a job Mickey 985 votes on the pool even Chris has to admit even his CEO fat He has to admit that we're gonna get to a thousand by noon not not that there's any rush or any like pressure You know no pressure man. That's that's my philosophy of life enjoy life and no pressure There's nothing worse than stress and pressure especially if you have diabetes Right, we'll kill you my right about that kill you dead now there is something next Friday We got some pressure because next Friday may four is that the correct date. I'm pretty sure it is We got the ratings coming out 10 a.m. So we're gonna like break right into the show and have the ratings will say Hey guess what can you involve your done you a you old points this time no one I could say that Just a matter of time is the way I'm looking at that show. I mean I hate to say that Because they seem like you know I mean we already know boys a good guy. We like him a lot even though he's you know feet tall he's a good guy Never stole a free train always incredibly What's the word I'm looking for boy? No, no, yeah, he's incredibly big but also coma inducing each pond was and then of course Kenny Kenny's always happy man It's like rock and roll talk. You know he's good guy But the show is just not exactly you know sitting taking the world by storm is that a good way to put it It's sucking wind would that be even better way to put it? Okay, let's get into the show here. Okay. It's already 13 till noon and I don't feel like we even started yet Which is really good. I like that 987 we got 13 minutes and we need 13 votes. That's one minute I think this audience will come through first. What do you think Chris? Yeah, I'll do it course You are so far Now what was it again? What was he that word he was using that I think we should Jasper Jasper House approved 60 million dollar tax break for New Marlin stadium in Miami. Let's hear it We love the Marlin. Yeah, they're gonna get a new dome stadium. They're gonna kick ass They're gonna strike drawing big and of course we don't have the Marlins after this season Wouldn't that be just our luck wouldn't it be not nice remember that song by the John McCain in the Beach Boys The Florida Marlin scored a crucial run in the legislature yesterday is the state house overwhelmingly endorsed a $60 million tax break to help build a new home for the team in The vote of 86 to 24 law makers approved the last critical piece of funding need to finance a new stadium in Miami Oh my god, are you kidding me or what? The money would come from sales tax revenues generated by the team inside the venue that we kept to help pay for the ballpark instead of going to the state The measure now hits to the state Senate were suspected to be a tougher sell There still is about half the chamber against this issue Senate majority leader Dan Webster They're public in the winter garden said it's an uphill battle no matter what an uphill battle Just like our polo they boy, let me see how those Yahoo states are doing See one thing about this audience man. They aren't big into Yahoo Alabama 101 and Mississippi 100 and Texas 94. How do you like that? I don't think we ever had a poll like this did we maybe once? Maybe when we said which nostril do you like to pick best? Oh the right no not right or left You're yours or somebody else is oh They didn't lie me official so worked out a 490 What have this guy? That might be the most well not the most the most disgusting things ever thought of much less said on a year I always put your hand in one thing to think disgusting things nothing to blur them right out especially on the Aradio that's not good pick somebody else's nose Jesus God get your finger out of there and I know is too They didn't mind me officials have worked out a 490 million dollar financing scheme for the team We're majorly baseball estimate the new state and could generate up to nine million dollars year in sales tax revenues The plan improved by the house would allow $2 million dollars of the money remaining my meet year for the next 30 years They'll finance state and construction maintenance. This is the six time and eight years It's a legislature's the national fund of stating for the two-time world series winners This year's proposal is similar to the measure that passed the Senate last year. I'll need to die in the house on the final day of the legislative session While the Marlins decline to comment on Thursday's vote Miami-Dade Mayor Carlos Alvaro said he's more optimistic than ever I apologize I just said something I said that promise that would never do What I read it the way they rooted and said a saying they'd mayor I said Miami-Dade I boycott that I refuse to say that it's just stupid. It is just idiot. I hate it Obviously this will come down to the wire again. He said it's telephone and we just like uncle the old's Folies said granny Neil, but I believe this is the year that if anything happens it will The plan has got to support a house speaker Marco Rubio of West Miami who by the way was on with Michael Putin on Sunday And whoever told me about him is right I bet you have too many years ago He was a looking a good looking stud Marco Rubio in fact in spite of his right wing leanings if he still looked that good Well, I wouldn't turn him down a Format subject to the setting aside public funds for baseball stadium when the state is cutting services during a tight budget year We just can't afford it said representative Mary Brandonburg Democrat a West Palm Beach We have so many unmet needs in the state you're right Mary the idea that they're gonna take public funds and build a stadium for these losers That's unacceptable see I can see that now I've already said that but I'll say it now more And factically because we don't have the games anymore after this season And we're not all I crazy about them anyway are we by David Samson and Jeffrey Louie and all other crap Oh my god, hey David you're fairery go check a little bit please people are talking on at the water cooler That's what they're talking about do you hear David Samson know say that That's what they're saying that's what they're saying that's that's the series. Yeah, very ago now that oh my gosh I was like yeah nobody went fresh breath. Give me my fresh breath. Hey Jeff you're a fairie How how he ever got involved in any way even being in the same room with that hot chick We had when we had the be the curtain on there. How is it we're still on here? That's the other thing we lost Not because of Joyce, but because of the repressive loss in America now because the right wing is taken over We can't even put the be the curtain on there because we again verify the birth day to these hot naked chicks that we used to put on there for What was your name the one cartmelodic Caesar the chance that is they chance that they oh man She was how to even even I even this holding the baby holy moly man Good taste to ever like that that's a spicy meat ball. Yeah, and she was supposedly involved with him Yeah, Jeff Garcia. They she's a sometimes quarterback I mean anybody you don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure out which side of the road he swings on your own San Jeff Garcia nobody wants fresh breath and they keep and they keep I'm sure Chris is seeing that clip Have it yeah Actually know what I'm gonna have you've never seen that clip. Oh, they show it all the time on the pre game shows The NFL all at the crap that they fill up time with in fact, you know something we got that channel here the NFL channel And I mean the end of the well we got the NHL 2. Oh, there's Kim Salami. Yeah, see your Salami team That was classic baseball where there's NFL total line She's because of the speed But he's bigger than that he's five or here we go get other callers And we get ready for the draft from our other Calvin Johnson Study like that. I know of what his answer it's not here. I know about the Brady Quinz ass It's we got a thousand two votes and that's before the break. How do you like that put that in your pipe and smoke it? Okay George put that in your abong and smoke it Thousand and two votes already I am just please just punch about that now We're gonna find out the kind of ice cream they're preling it to stadium. They're pretty cute. I am hello Yeah, they got married Garccy yeah, right sure they've got that felony I here you I agree with you. But they got married. Are you are you buying that? Are you believe in it? It was in playboy. Yeah Showed them together. They got it. He was in play. You really I believe it. Okay. They got married Yeah, I could be wrong. You know just because somebody is very offended and speaks of the list and acts like I'm missing Queen That doesn't necessarily mean that they but I adopted well, no, I was yeah Who did pops with you? You're tear-bent What what is it now? Who said? Terrell Owen said Jeff Garcia was gay Terrell Owen's well, you know what he can he can stick it with a mongoindone child with his big stupid mouth. Okay I'll tell you what I wish on him. I wish he'd be on the air in a station across the street every week Well, that's ready. Was did it do any good? No, he's still a jackass Terrell Owen's who used to be Terrell Owens and maybe it came Terrell and then he became the terrible towel Let's bring back work we were with the terrible towels Now Was it that the thing that he did? Hakey power or was it the white hankies? Who did the terrible towels? I don't know. And Bob Prince did the green weenie if I can say that The cruel this is in New Year's ago when we used to be able to say things like that. I'm not so sure we can say that anymore He did the green he Green weenie. I don't remember what that was all about Bob Prince. He was the best man somewhere I've got that clip. I don't want to play it again It's pretty pressing that he's dead and that nobody in South Florida knows who the hell he was and you know We listen to Dave and boring putting you into a coma. What are the marlins can't draw flies my god? Even in the most exciting games they play he barely he barely breaks his sweat. He barely regains consciousness my god They have E-D's ice cream Oh, I'm stadium. I knew it. What did I tell you now? You're not gonna screw me on this one like the three or one in two on what did I say? They have it the stadium. They used to have car valve. What did I say they got now? Proveded mal E-D's I wouldn't wish that even on the goiam E-D's ice cream. Okay. That's how bad that stuff is. No, would you agree with me on it? And you notice E-D's I've never seen it like in pints Or you know like an ordinary like real people signs it's always knows big jug in a calf gallon thumbs, you know Like a real cow like me with you. I would need to have count of it was good. It was like Brian's score Oh, you want a score. I mean you can't eat more. I do then I can't fire a score ice cream. Have you ever had that? I'm trying to think probably not It is so damn good and when you and when you and they have to think they only make that in courts or here leaders Which is of course more than a court. How can you eat more than a court of ice cream? Just one You said they do something awesome So suck that baby down Sports for you five six Q a M and I sound like Bob hope on acid and I want to tell you it's the 12th or whatever it is I'm dying on the hat my wife They're quieted She drives my jewellery and she's creepy Bob I wouldn't write what's on her way I said I do their lead today So I'm just sitting on a picture the way Waiting for the only place to take me away Oh If you know the picture the way with my friend Work like it's time to tell my jewellery Question for a spirit of always even saying All that good of doing ever tells me to do Before I get high light she might be in a pain Just to be enriched in my bones When you're white my wife will leave me alone We feel good over and I never win I just wind up slipping through your morning game Oh, I should I'll bet you the rain Waiting for the only place to take me away Oh Yeah, you spot your smoke you smackle you it's 2021 votes on the policy what we got we got a real battle still going on all Oh, Alabama's back in the lead they took like a little rest there for a while must be the next saving factor huh? Must be wouldn't surprise me if that's one of the reasons that self-awaredians have this hostile attitude pull question is other than Florida What's the last state you want to live in? How about a state of vegetation? Oh, that's floor. I'm sorry How about a state of denial Alabama 110 Maybe Jeff or I see is living in the state of denial nobody wants fresh bread. He's married there Well, they were married out. You know who knows if they still are are you sure gay guy to get married? I understand Alabama 110 Mississippi one or three you're attitude is unacceptable it's supposed to be the hostile that somebody that Volups you listen that lovely and that beautiful and hot and smooth is not being touched by his being waste is I mean, I love that I being wasted by some screaming fruitcake like Jeff has not being solid Alabama 110 I'm having a slice of craft cheese by the way. Although it's not really cheese as you know cheddar, yeah, it's a kind of put on a cheeseburger if you're surprised process cheese inspired food process cheese cheesey food Real cheesy cheese is Now that's not easy to say it's not real cheese. It's cheese. It's sarcastic. We're like radio wish Alabama 110 Mississippi 103 with a lot of banjo on your knee. I don't even know what that means Go to Alabama with a banjo on mine. You what what where is that from a song or something? Of course What song is that? Oh, so Zara Get out of here. Oh, so Zana Alabama I found you on my knee I don't know the rest of the lyrics and you want to hear me sing anyway. I can't sing many things I can't do I can eat though And Brandon stuck give me all the stuff about apple pizza and all the stuff He's allegedly trying to help me but in the meantime he's he's working on an appetite I do like pineapple pizza though. Remember what I afraid red used to bring us that was Zoldin's father-in-law No, I remember because you weren't there but when I was on Zeta he brings you to the end of bird in yours truly Pineapple all kinds of pizzas they make special from pizza hunt They can actually make good pizza when they want to I know you're surprised Who pizza hunt? No, I don't believe you Well, of course it's a long time ago. Oh, maybe they would not come to do oh stop Stop already would not come to pizza man. I'd sure like to get us fiery port on their place in the Galleria Because even though Puts his little things are really messy post-eat and since my blood sugar is scare rocketing as long as I'm gonna die some day anyway What place is that it's the place like inside? Like it's right in court delords in fact our good friend Moishi probably could tell me the name bit of feast listing which I'd have but Yeah, it's a gigantic place in the food court And so they in the Galleria's where all the living and breathing people in Broward hang out all the people under the age of a hundred Really amazed me that day but anyway, maybe maybe what I'd be a place to try it sometime Alabama 1111 Mississippi 103 in Texas 95 those of three contenders the rest are just pretenders or whatever that means Somebody once told us what the name of that joint is in the Galleria where they have a I've never seen a pizza place like that. I mean they have just about a eight million tables and it's huge I guess it's like a gourmet pizza thing WQAM hello I thought for sure that was gonna be the one where they would tell us QAM hello QAM Very quiet today very quiet QAM hello Good evening I have the winner of the poll and I can guarantee it because when I get home I am gonna vote 47,000 times for Arizona Air was known and that's where all the right wings all the fastest hang out in Arizona Well not only that, but it's destined to become the new Florida and Unfortunately my wife is dying to move there. I mean you've got the illegal immigration you've got the weather Just poor education. I mean everything and now it's the fastest growing state which basically means you know nothing but New Yorkers are moving there Oh and not lots of old people too man some city all of that crap You're right. It's like the second Florida that's where people who they don't put a Florida they go to Arizona to die And they'll keep building homes and then they'll have to keep building roads and widening roads and the traffic will get ridiculous Well make your life an offer as she can't refuse. How's that? Wish me luck Good luck, pal. Okay. Don't do it. Arizona air was on him or that by a Mark Lindsey was it Mark Lindsey? Yes, it was that one he would uh huh Mark Lindsey No, Paul we're here in the Raiders no just Mark Lindsey solo. I've said yeah the rumors were the dick Clark and Mark Lindsey had like a Little something there. I I got it's probably it was just in fancy way with that pony sale Paul Raiders would have made a sad piece on like this. Q AM hello And what is it like singing? Never the less let's just go mumbling. I hear you think gallery. I am hello Say America is a toilet bowl of halfway free shrimp W 2 a human and hello Oh Not there what are just an author feed today Q AM hello I use is at the Paul clock at the baseball game deserved in the little alms And it's a football game deserved in the alms as well Well question lemon juice and olive oil for my growl grater I'd like to save it. How do I do that? You'd like to save one say Well, didn't put it him put it in a jar for you. Okay, put it on the mantle piece You'd like to save his go all that out. I don't know start with it's lemon juice crap and now parv Paul pay no attention. This is a man who turned orange his skin turned orange. Okay from all these other food Experimancies doing they're gonna listen to Paul Harvey Jr because he's a health low wizard My library buzzed there and it was one of those time pain.com I thought for sure Moishi was gonna tell me the name of that because he works in the delords in the gallery Does he but while man probably he's working right now He's not busy he can't be listening to the radio. He's you know doing stuff or maybe he's not to lunch Maybe he's at that pizza place there in the food court It looked sensational, but then again every one of those places looks great to me You know when you're a big fat pig like I am and he's love monger monitor And but it might actually be good. I doubt it QAM hello Yes, sir. Hi, hey, don't worry Great I kind of had a hunch you were doing a reach out of contract because all of your gambling far with this stuff Yeah Yeah, we'll I'm telling you because I you probably don't need the money because all the money you make you You know make pretty good money But I can't a gamble a little bit too. I know this I probably can work so like my 85 or something yeah me too And I know we'd he cares my money. You know what if I if I want to set an unfire Which I might just as well as do that is go to wood by if I want to burn it I can do it's mine And I'm not criticizing I mean I think you know you want to feel money and you know you do whatever I want to worry I'm not losing that much palio. Okay. If I lose a grand here a grand there It's not gonna change my life. Okay. I mean I could be given it away some homeless people, but you know what screw them? That's a terrible thing to say. Oh, I mean it. You know I'll give my money away to people I want it and even if they don't line it I'll still give it to them by hooker by crook one way I'll force it. I'll shove it in their pants in the money too You know I'm saying no what do you say? I don't know I'm saying I want to find out the name of that pizza joint and if it's any good and a gallery or for crying out loud But like I said all young people eat me and they sure are either in school right now They're sure not listen to old grand pon Neil on the radio Unless they got a brainless. They're smart enough to be doing it As opposed to be sitting there we know I've cracked that trigonometry and algebra and all it's stupid Ask garbage that they're never gonna use in their lives. Why not teach kids something good? You know like about sex I guess they don't need no instructions Q a and hello. Let me tell my radio. Yeah. WQ a and hello Oh, I love the two birds with one of those stone thing man. That's always one of my very favorites. You know what five six seven five 60 and pound five 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line WQ a and hello Yes, sir good morning good afternoon. Did you hear anything about that? Note has nobody university and they In fact you waited the campus Yeah, no idea Yeah, no No, it's not inside anywhere that I looked The campus the note said if you think left Virginia or Virginia Tech was bad What do you see what happens here? Yeah, they got no one cop just flying around and everything Do you hear that? No, I did not hear because I'm looking in the Sun sent one to her Right now, and I don't see nothing about it No, no, here it is. I got it right now. Thank you, sir. I got it When I sure said it make a big deal out of it though. I mean they got the or here it is but but the the lead story was Burkhead and then that's going to show you Burkhead gets okay to leave Bahamas with his and then the close mist started. That's the big story Way underneath security threat forces BCC and FAU to close facilities in Broward then he said what did he say? He said somewhere wasn't the nobody's over Idiot a security threat today forced officials to close Broward community college and FAU property all Broward community college campuses were ordered closes of 10 30 this morning and response from unsubisified security threat Also, folks were to FAU buildings in Vavian for Loderedale that's your space with BCC the security threat Whereas we see the knees tall and we're dismoving despite the city not having any campuses said captain Tony Rodi spokesman The Hollywood police were in possession some handwritten notes on a large poster board similar to the For sale sign a legend very horrible things will happen at BCC's similar to Virginia Tech He declined to discuss the exact location or manner to letters and poster he said the threat was immediately passed on to BCC administrators Hollywood police continued to investigate yet. He got it College has expected to be open as scheduled on Monday BCC and FAU okay not Nova but then again what is that kind of? All he knows he's got a phone and he's making sounds with his mouth that that's basically it But at least he has heard me look on and see if anything was going on and there was so thank you very much my I'm missing form of friend So what was that pizza joint again? Ho Home Guard I'm gonna be dead, dude. I'm gonna be dead, wait for somebody to go and feed you, man. I'm not the judge today, man. You just tell your parents. Oh God. I'm my parents, the wheel. I don't wanna hear about you all the secret news. Don't let me touch this world around and I'll be rude. You and Tracy fit the very first day to a floor. But you wanna stay at the middle of your heart. And now, boys in the bedroom, you can turn another way. Now, boys in the bedroom, can we talk about it? Stay away from Johnny, Louis, TV and Bill. My vocational baby, you should tell your parents. Oh, I don't want to tell them. And now, boys in the bedroom, don't want you. Now, boys in the bedroom, I'll find them all the way away from Jorge Pedro. What will my go tell you? I'll let them go. There must be another way. You know what's on you, Jorge? Both of you are Jorge both on an outfit. I've forgotten that. That's good. We're both on the map. I don't know if it's good or bad. Yes, they away from us, Michael. Stayed away. Stay far away. Although I can admit to the other day. Who was it? I said there were a couple of the songs I liked. I'm sorry. But I did. Me too. And you were like the man in the mirror. I love the man in the tubal without the purity better than original song. By far. 151 votes are gold today as 1200 Christian said. I got news for you, Mr. On a marginal poll like this. If we can get 1200 votes on a Saturday, I'll fry. If we can get 12 on a Saturday, they'll be really a feather in my cap on a Friday. See, I'm all just, I'm definitely not going to do that thing. I mean, I can lose enough dust tomorrow. Would buy and set her day, which I do every week or early in the morning. And buy new and I'm, you know, Oh, what did I do this? It's okay though. And it really amuses me. These people, I, you know, the guy was, I think, half serious about my gambling problem. I don't have a gambling problem. If I never went into a casino, if I never gambled another dime, it wouldn't change my life. I don't have some compulsive need. I have an eating problem. I have a sugar problem. That's what I have. And like a lot of us, we have a sex problem. And in other words, not getting enough. That's the sex problem. That's the one who's at us. I won't, I won't. Right exactly. I'll let you know what I get from hamster dam in June. Oh, boy. I'm setting up a search party right now. I'm scouting for certain people for June. That's, you know, I mean granted, I mean, I'm a year old, man, you're 64 years old. You're still a perver like that. Yeah, you bet. You bet your sweet ass I am. And the day that I'm not, That's the end of going to put my head down on the pillow and just take a long long dirt nap. That's what I'm going to do. Because all the rest of you are your full of crap. See, that's one thing, all you young whippersnappers will be fleece to know that even when you get to be no fart like me, you're still going to be just as horny as hell. And when you see something that looks good to you that turns your fancy as they say, you're going to say, ah, like that. You're going to go up to them and say, hey, nice jacket. Can that be felt? But anyway, and then they'll smack you in the head and whatever. Go on, Miami Herald.com, and search Barry Jackson. First, they're coming up as Barry's broadcast before from today's paper. We need the second half of this. I already checked this one to see a very jackass head as usual Friday straight ahead and see it. Local radio sniping. Oh, this ought to be, let's hope that this is correct because I'm waiting for the name of that pizza joint. Not that I'm going to be going there anytime soon. Although, you know, something, I don't know, maybe one of these times when I'm down there. I might actually just go there. Just sneak off there on my own, you know, and have 15, 20 different pizzas. How about an ice cream pizza? Hmm. I had the Miami Herald on here and I clicked the wrong thing. Don't you hate when you do that? All the time. I do that all the time because I have bad aim at times. I just clicked the Herald Mirror. It is, okay. Thread closes two-browered campuses, but it's certainly not, I already read that from the other paper. Very jackass. And let's see where his story is. Come on, Barry. Come out, come out wherever you are. Ever see Barry jackass and Jeff Carthia together. I think Jeff's a lot more macho. Let's see, Friday the 27th here's the story. NFL fans will be in 7th heaven with five choices for football draft. Oh, yeah. 7th heaven. Baby, that's another good reason to go to woodwind and say they're all weekend. Okay. I'll read it right off the thing here if I can find it broadcast sniping. David Samson said this and go to Yellowstone. Is that what he's talking about? Oh, whatever. What do you mean how would you know? You're supposed to be the expert on this crap. Man you're supposed to be the local maven. The raven maven. I guess, after the break, I'll open it up to him. I'm pretty right now. All the, yeah, Barry, we're all going to be just dying. See, there, in the edge of our seats, checking out the NFL draft. You idiot, you quizzling. And he's got two women, the ticket will have drafts, show us their day of the noon. Papa, Q, and get to originate from headquarters. Would you be syphilis and but a bit, but a bit, but a bit, but a bit, and, uh, etc. On the other guys across the street, they're going to be at the Seminal Hard Rock, well, what's the big semis with that? And Josh Freeman will be reporting from Dolphin Camp. Why? Anybody that's going to Dolphin Camp tomorrow, but to get there early, because the food will be all gone after that cow gets there. Wow. Does that mean I'll have to see him on Sunday? Ah, I hope not. The sniping between W.D. Curvin, 790, escalated after ticket presence, Joel Feinberg accused it off instead of stringing him along in the negotiations and played by a plane out to his cephalos, he said, belongs in a funeral home. I think he was talking about Dave Ann Boring. And it's got a whole bunch of stuff on here. Well, good. Good. I'll get to that. Oh, I just printed it out here. It is. It actually came out of my machine. I didn't even know it was printing that boy. I'm losing it, you know it. It says the sniping continued QM's managed trash fineberg on the air calling them a little whimp, smart me little pimp and a sport little rich kid. Jimmy Stiffle has didn't respond to fineberg shot. We spotted fineberg off the air. Man, this is a low life has been. It's still getting your free ride off the 72 dolphins. He has no like to stand on after breaking a handshake deal with me to come to my station in 2005 and called it off and games into a daily talk show. Yeah, it must be really a husband and no good if you try to get him over there, which everybody knows, phony, phony, liar liar, your pants are on fire. Man is said he met with fineberg two years ago, but we never had a deal. Still helped advance my career and I appreciate that when you attacked Jimmy Stiffle, said, and since me, mad dog said, all right. QM's Kenny Walker said on the air that ticket did allow Z job on the dolphins and screwed it up. We spotted fineberg. What is Kenny no boss sports coverage? Last big thing he covered was the Jessica Simpson Nicola Shader vores. He's only tired of sports as that his wife is the dolphins cheerleading coach. But can't be said of the ticket they couldn't get the job done with the dolphins. I never see their host in a locker room if you want to be a professional, be accountable. You would say, 90 Cid Rosenberg grants off the air said, that's a bunch of crap. I consider myself an entertainer. I was inside the dolphin locker room, but I talked to players. I never felt I wasn't prepared to talk about one-faceted dolphin football. We have players every day on the air. Chris Chambers, Channing Crowder, Ronnie Brown. It was pathetic to hear them pat themselves on the back for landing dolphin rights. I was at pathetic. Am I where you listening to us? How's it? The kid said, 790 host in Miami, Hurl Sportscom, is Daniel Abastor of Walker and Vogue camper, who are Benny and Schmol again? Oh, brother. Benny and Schmol, my ass. Boy, he got some great lines or what? No, not really. So anyway, that's the deal. And I thank you so much for killing about two-three after minutes of the show. Thank you very much for this facts for having us started. When are you entertaining and human-easy interesting? No, no, it's not. Much of like a bunch of little children. And of course, that's what the sports fraternity is all about. It's like a bunch of overgrown children. Give me the ball, give me the ball, you know. I'll let crap you know. Not here, not during these four hours, man, where we stand out like a big fat sore thumb. Stick it right out there, baby. It felt like a thumb. That's what the Chris said when Duff was in this morning. 26 pants and at least he's out Josh now anyway, that's good. He's about the only one. Everybody in San Florida wants Josh courtes, is something. Go for it. Yeah, I'm glad you said that. See, I looked the opening there for you could have driven a Mac truck there through it. Hi, the you bastard. Ready, man. Where are the local cheese that won't stay on? Where is the lot? She's my partner to guys on, but there's a place. We're all the guys can't hide it. I can make guys grow. And I'll be behind your sister. Oh, I can make guys grow. If my mother and booty, I'll grab where there's a blow. Go to such a cute, sweetest one of those things I want for. They don't just let her out. I can make guys grow. If my mother and booty, that's where there's no blow. Go to such a cute, sweetest one of the things I want for. So be it such a beggar. Be it such a beggar. Thousands, seven, eight votes. 107, eight on our four-level estate. Which day would you like to live in the least? Alabama 1118. This is the B1, 12 Texas 101. Those are the three contenders. Now you know the Miami person, the one with a palm tree and the no name and the... On my space? Nope. Yes, yeah, maybe. I don't know. Sure. Somebody, some person. Anyway, he says, is this the place in the gallery? I pizza the Georgia or can't say, I guess so. That must be it. That's a huge, huge, giant man. I'm sure you can relate to that, a huge joint. Mmm. Love this. I'm surprised you like gallery. We can't hold a candle 11, sure. Well, what do I know? Being so out of touch and being out of that place for most of the last five years? What do I know? I didn't see any problem with the gallery. The crowd in there was living and breathing. I was looking around, I was going like that. I think I have the stores are closed in there. And we're in the gallery. Yeah, but I'm not sure. What are you talking about? Well, half of the stores are closed in there or place was Jan Pack. Well, okay. Do you have any of the last time you've been there? 20 years ago? Last two days, last week, Tuesday. You were? We don't want. I was sign language meet up group. And half of the stores are closed. I didn't see much activity. How's that? Well, I guess they probably were the length of the place. I was there. They were there to see me. It was on a Saturday. A lot of those white store fronts. You know, with a white paneling front of the stores, like something going to happen there someday, maybe someday, right? Some day, some were like the Hollywood fashion mall for me. It was nice. It was glitzzy. Partly, the mommy of palm tree guy says Michael Mayo just wrote in his blog. Oh, his blog. Well, I talk about I have no life or my Michael Mayo's blog. That's okay. I have the palm tree guy. He's, you know, bashful. Send this blog. He just did all the brawler casinos for a comprehensive view coming in Sunday, Sun Sentinel. Oh, I can't wait for that. Because that Michael hold the Mayo. I wonder if there's a statute of limitations on that. And then also, it says the reason I just played that bitch, you're curious, does live on North Bay Road. Even though we don't usually associate her with South Florida. And why did you just send me this thing about FAU and BCC when I just got through reading it on the year a few minutes ago? Because I'm busy talking to Dave Johnson. Oria? We'll give him a big kiss for me. Tom, here comes the bunny and there goes your money. OK, then that's right. A week from today. Next Friday is our annual discussion with Dave Johnson about the durby or annualistic opinion of racing form and come up with something good. We never do, but we'll give it a shot for you. I'll do a little bit of homework. 181 votes on the pool. So Chris knows now we're going to do that 1200 easy. Because we'll be way over 100 by 1. And that means it's a piece of cake. It's like a, OK, I walk in a park. A cake in the park. Dave will be calling Friday at 11. OK, the four. He's sitting the foot. Friday the fourth. Does he remember who I am? Yeah. I remember myself on number. He called me myself. Oh, he called you? Yeah. Get out of here. All right. See, you mean out of the blue, Dave Johnson called you to tell you that we were just talking about you. I was going to call you, but you beat me to it. Are you serious? I'm serious. Chris, he now being correct. He's great. He loves, uh, he loves me. I don't know about you. We get a lot of his time. We, we were in doing this for about 50 years. He's been called in since Jesus was a baby. Like 20. At least, I think it may be more than that. Well, let's see. Well, let's do the math on this. I hate that expert. I do the math. Oh, why did I say that? Because you're going to shoot myself. I was here with him to say that. 87 would have been because I think that's your starting at the IOD. Like in late, like in November of 87, maybe. So, yeah, this might be the 20th year because there might have been 80 and I don't know. It's been a long time. It's been a long time. And of course, Howard Cossels had been dead a long time. Do you mention Howard Cossels were more couple of times? No, I didn't. I'll leave that to you. Because then he wouldn't have called. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. 60. We need to get a spary for it in the pizza, do you? It's one thing to know the name of it. I mean, that's very helpful. But I'd like to know if there's anybody over 8 there. Such a thing is really great pizza. And so far, is there? That must be the water. Oh, we've got to honeys over here. W2QIM, hello. Good. Very good. It's a great. W2QIM, hello. It's Rogers. Yes, sir. Did you get your answer on the E-D-D-size screen? Yes, they are selling E-D-Z-I-Screen in the state of minutes of various said situation. Yes, sir. They're selling E-D-D-D-D-D-Screen in the pine. Not even in a soft-surf couple or anything like that. Yes, well, you're gonna do the puna ice cream in a ball game You're gonna watch a melt in front of you is what you're gonna do because I am here in the report is it's a 90-to-reason the shave already Now Now can you grow a pair and play foul mouth dolphins? No, okay, can we throw up here? Yeah, I like grow up here. What a jazz man. It's about that grow a girl. I'm gonna jump off a cliff. Right a lot of what an idiot you are man. Can I grow a pair and play something then first of all? I'll fight even in there anymore. You idiot you moron. You're simple in you. You're fairie and by the way Give Joel find where your good kiss good night for us tonight. There you go Grow a pair WQA and hello Okay, pali. Well, how about these on a piece over there on a 15? What about? What about it? Yeah, how about it? How about steas over there? WQA and hello Well, I'm not talking about what's your favorite pizza place? Okay, we've only done that 75,000 times We're talking about the place in the gail or real, okay? Does anybody know how it is? How it is man? How it is? WQA and hello. Can you grow a pair and play the web of John's bed? WQA and hello Any other? Okay, I got a question for you. He might don't care but maybe someone up there knows Manatees drink like freshwater but me when they can't get it. They have like a filter That I'll give them they can drink the salt stuff and all yeah, they do make filtered water They do bottle water, okay? So I go find a manatee go to the glazed and find you a manatee and feed them some bottle water He'll give you a big kiss on the lips WQA and hello Yeah, yes, oh wow Got you I'm talking no long at long time listen. I'm listening I'm going to tell now. I'm listening to that was like 15 more kid middle school That's lovely long time great great. So you told me I heard you earlier. Give it out free money Yeah, not to give out my all me I'd rather give it to you than woodbine how's that that was good? All right, but I just want to give you a good That's not the same long time listener. We would feel for a long more time did thanks, pal. All right You got to do it He's a good guy give him some money all the penny on what he looks like he said he's 27. That's a little bit old, but you know I might make an exception every now and then you never know me with me You'd well, you do know with me. This is a problem. Wow. That's just me. Oh, it's just me. I don't apologize for that That's my life is good for one 187 votes on the pool. I bet you if I click that view current thing it might even be a thousand nine 90 Curse Curse 1990 that's our current total 10 90 and let's take a look who's winning Alabama one funny Mississippi 115 and Texas fair 101 all three states strictly for glam I bet you Good bye, Katie Carl. I'll tell the truth it's been a while You have a pretty good run on that surprise to see a guy like this at the 10th of the age of 90s that's one less than no That's for the old actor Deadpool Charlesems Still You didn't crumble the spell the rest was against your spilt again I should be set Better I'm just gonna pull some beat Only Francis John David, but I'll be your best friend So, besting in the memory, hold it, hold for God's in the name But, as above, don't you dare Hey 1100, oh boy, look at that I did like that quiz, you impressed? I don't really care what you are not 1100 on the vote, and we got 14 minutes to one So, I think the 1200 is in the bag All alone on a ceremony, it's Friday, Fridays of tough day, you know? Tough night? It's a tough not-to-crank I know a few of those people Former CIA director George Tennant says in the new book that there was no serious debate with the New Testament Estration, and head of the 2003 invasion of Iraq Corn U.S. media reports today Tennant, who led the CIA and they run up two and after the war launched to eliminate the alleged threat of Iraqi weapons and mass destruction Also says he was scapegoated by the White House We know a WMD were found in Iraq, not in there In his book at the center of the storm did we released Monday, Tennant defenses on role in the season of attack Iraq while blasting Dick Cheney and other US officials the New York Times reports today after it obtained a copy of the book There was never any serious debate that I know of within the administration about the eminence of the Iraqi threat Tennant writes He also said according to the Times' administration and President Bush never undertook a serious discussion about the option of containing Iraq without resorting to an attack in the book and interview with CBS News to be broadcast Sunday Tennant also latched out a chaining of his for setting his use of the back of all terms slandunk suggesting incontestible to describe the intelligence used to justify the invasion of Iraq slandunk my ass Tennant says he did use the phrase and it might have a discussion ahead of the war but only about how to make the case of the US people about the need to send US troops to Iraq however he said the administration officials told writer Bob Woodward that he said it's a slandunk case for the CIA's evidence that who sent it stockpiled WMD after Woodward wrote that in his 2004 book Planet of Attack the blame for the failure of intelligence ahead of the war was directed straight at Tennant with Tennant repeatedly setting Tennant's phrase and interviews and speeches rather than acknowledge responsibility the administration's message was don't blame us George Tennant got his in this mess he writes he's pissed off and fired up that works out Monday you got to be reading it no no I don't read any more books just to you know just don't have the time when he gets to be this age you're running out of time you know you got to put all your time to really good use like this four hours every day Monday to Friday and of course it'll not that far off of that summer schedule and what is the story with Richard Uranus so what was that all about did he get arrested for that or something or did like they had riots and they burned him in effigy wherever that is they had riots in India yeah oh I hope my friend uh... veraage didn't get hurt unless right he's in gamesville how many of you guys do you think are in gamesville when he come right out of man but nevertheless five six seven five sixty are we gonna you think you're anything about that pizza place of a chinoid this audience every even eight there at the one that pizza to George or whatever isn't the yellow we are maybe if you take calls eventually what would be maybe if I take calls do you see calls on our sea what's he call good i just vanish yeah as soon as i said it to vanish because it was probably some uh... knucklehead you know five six seven five sixty in pound five sixty in the brisland and sing it around the sling it's important public service to the rest of the audience out there and they care enough to send it very better not a damn nothing q a m hello well i want your body okay sir i call you a couple days ago told you about cinematic your memory yeah i look at the fenders nothing there okay i got on the bottom of my hand i can give you the name of the manufacturer i just bought it at the health food store a bite of the health food store yeah i got the first on a lot of money because my life read about it but then i'm well i want to line it i couldn't find anything there's nothing there it's called the year-old nutritional and it's called cinematic two and it's cinnamon and the website is w dot cinnabedic cinnabedic mowon yeah cinnabedic i i i dot com okay hi hi hi hi hi okay thanks a lot pal i look it up good night here w q a m hello good night very bad very weak must a Gilbert's boyfriend w q a m hello i can speak to Neil speaking hey about that um to play some the gallery of mall that you were met yes we're yeah my kind of town my kind of beautiful too oh but it has my oh okay okay bye bye that is q a m hello why q a m hello q a m oh hey Neil yeah suggestion yeah uh can you play for me that all baby you know that's not a suggestion that's a request that's not a suggestion or a request my dad i'm i'm a fool you down here my amy yeah well this because you're a who will you don't even know license to lie to me okay it's not a suggestion to be questioned to demand what do you want i would request you know you should be in my bed that you should say that i've heard all Neil cry that they may have me died can you play that for me sometime old Neil died that they were cried that they might be died not only you know my amy died you know the day and my was that what it's called mimey die mimey die it's called mimey die that's what it's called oi oi can we play this i guess and you see back in the boot old things more of the old parts game and politicians they go hey this town was once alive i think we can play it after the half of the hour i don't want to i want to do now we're building such tremendous momentum do you know about the movie the dot because you don't like the thing on the website you know you're about to move the dial oh yeah we're going to move this move out of town do you know yes sir yeah you guys need to start talking about turn of his table yeah okay come off at seven don't you QA and hello yeah yeah QA and i want to speak to Mr. Neil please yeah 40 years yeah 40 years to get a give you an 80 years more delicious okay okay thanks thanks to the kids palie okay thank you guys palie hey hey palie thank you i found a new thing hope you don't get anything yes hey hey hey this is not clear i got a big chunker on my lift go ahead hey man you enjoyed the good morning you guys are great i'm 22 years old i've didn't see you guys out 18 man i don't want to show the man okay okay you just said that thank you so much get out here send a picture okay otherwise i don't get all that impressed it sounded a little goofy to me hello yeah i'm calling for the heat ticket okay good hang out pull put your hand hold okay it was better isn't in this morning right WQA and you're the fifth caller sir QA and hello WQA and hello hey I know yes what happened nothing WQA and hello hey Neil yes well there's another two for one deal and i've worked out pretty well didn't it he didn't realize he was doing a pubic service hello five that's i thought we'd be way beyond that by this hour so that's twelve hundred i think Chris is starting to score in a little bit in this chair which means maybe he's farting real bad i don't know like you do want to play you know if there's somebody stranger sitting next to a stranger oh yeah now that you've got that drop how come you never play it it's not a good place well we're we're not in a good place well you're putting in one of the sheems it's like don't get over here okay well i shouldn't have pressed you on that thing i got you're a stranger there you go a stranger a stranger and there's some stranger sitting next to you on the plane and you're gonna you know fart because i've been feeding all i food and you're like squirming around a little bit tilting off to one side is not a good idea because the stranger sees what you're doing that's what they they know you know you think nobody knows but they know in fact you wait you say oh gee what's that over there it's a terrorist over they need to go off to one side cut loose wqa m hello mash potatoes gravy wqa m mash potatoes are sick and tired of listening to fat homosexuals eat on the air check out pipe or hi radio hahahaha they're fat oh right hey do fairy pipe or hi radio why does it say kpx you know Scott Colors nobody wants to hear some high school radio station okay for you x-coller radio station baby come on i'll teach you a few things come on over here i'll teach you wqa m hello wqa m hello maybe couldn't get on draft wqa m hello hey Neo for you um i don't know if i'm really a lot of talk about this but i'll ask you do you watch the convention last night the convention? well the first day the convention the convention yeah the debate no i absolutely did not i don't want to i screened the album myself for uh you know not to do enough to do it but i did it and uh have you have you heard or seen from kvl kvl the ex senator from the last year did you hear any of this guy did i seen or heard from him and he isn't called me lately no i was just asking if i got on the news because the news is very plain but uh this guy was something else last night it's always amazing the guy is the best thing to say it comes off like a stream and lunatic yeah and uh the other person right next to him of course they paired him up with kvl he's actually getting his act together but again he's been exactly the reason getting his hair together that's the problem okay has a little midget with a bad hair piece never gonna make it man he says all the right things he's a little midget a little guy kind of funny looking with a bad piece when i'm up in belka take a slap and all the women would paint and lips around the pole and listen to the new Rogers one to two yeah i mean i listen to the new Rogers air and balance one to two hours woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo he used to be hot back in the good old days before the old part came and politicians say Jose this time was once alive They even had free gray. There were things to do all night. It's Howard and his day. But the old fart walking dead. And the power to the left. A crooked horo. You just got off the boat. I heard the old Rogers cry. This is the day that probably I'll be dying. Everyone who thought today knew best. Or the ones who thought it's so, today you'll best. Who might as he. Can you believe there was a time. They had to see those and how they'd deal. Try to work and I said, come on. But he experimented at the tail. Oh, when the brain did take you down. And door the vault of down. The pistol loaded up late. It's a big guy. Oh, the screen. I heard the old Rogers cry. This is the day that probably I'll be dying. What a great place to come. But still turning out a little rosy with a... Like I said, it had three times whether you know. I told you I had a feeling about that. I smelled it. Well, how the new version of that called the day radio died. Wow. 119 or 20 votes on the pool. Let's see how the top of the top of the line is. We're never going to find out about that pizza joint. Because the gal will be a crowd there. Now listen to the AM radio. I'll guarantee that. And there's certainly an honest name. Do non sports talk radio. Alabama, 125. Other than Florida, last year you'd want to live in. Alabama, 125. Mississippi, 18. And Texas, 103. Those are the three contenders. I mean, I can be valorous. Maybe before the end of the show I will. Fight it by start now. They'll take us right up till two. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. If there is a bar in hockey heaven, I'm sure the John Moynihan right now is looking down to his Buffalo Savers and just having another drink for them. Do you think that the... This John Moynihan had to do with the Buffalo Savers. Before he was the Miami, uh, prey with the Florida Mar... Florida Panthers guy. He was in Buffalo and he did a savers. Well, what do you mean he was the Florida Panthers guy when was that? One day he was the first play by play guy for the Panthers. When they were first three years, they were here first two years. Did you know I'm on QAM? No way. Yes sir. Check it out. John Moynihan did the Panthers on the radio? The Panthers on the radio for two years. Okay, I'll take your word for it. That was it. That was the essence of the substance. Well, what does that mean? If there's a hockey bar in heaven, oh, get out of here with that. Ah, there's rock in the piano. Yeah, John Moynihan. I never cared for him. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 in the Verizon, see it a while. Who did the... Oh no, Christine Moron did the Panthers games. Christine and Moron. I've tried it for getting. I have a brain fart where that's concerned and rightfully so by the way. He used to do the game like you were watching it on television. No one had problems who was doing it on radio. There would be these long pauses and he was horrible. Just horrible. He's the guy that came on here and said, I don't think the arroges will ever be on QAM. That, uh, WQAM. Hello. Oh, I won't do it. WQAM, hello. And right back at you. QAM, hello. Yes. What do you need to know about the gallery? The pizza joint there. Pizza de Georgia, what have you eaten there? Yes, like a whole food court. It's not necessarily just one pizza place. Yeah, but there's a place called Pizza de Georgia in the food court. That's what I'm talking about. Okay, I didn't know what you were asking. You think it is a good? I'll look good. I used to, uh, Mexican place next foot. You've never eaten there? Not the pizza, but nope. I'll give it a try and let us know. Okay. Okay. Good. And if I get some of that text max pizza, some of that crap. Five six, so I guess nobody's ever eaten there. So maybe it's, I don't know. That means either it's very good. I guess I could have if it was in the food court. Because that's where I was, but, uh, I didn't go there. Well, then you see it? How can you miss it? Well, I've been to the food court. There's huge and there's a lot of stuff in there. And I saw something else that looked good. No one didn't gotten. I saw a lot that looked good in there. WDQAMLO. WDQAMLO. WDQAMLO. You know, five, 60 or seven, 90s. First of all, it's going to go to more. Put the door. No, who did no? Not who did more. You idiot. Who did no? Who did no? No, no, no, no, no. Nobody would two eyes. I'll tell you that. WDQAMLO. It's been I that broo winner. WDQAMLO. Yeah. Yes. Uh, last time I called you, I think myself, I was, it's signal. I'll tell you about when I used to drive down on any five and let's no Susan Gray. It used to put the way. Oh, yeah. Boring. You were boring, man. And you're boring now, okay? Bany baseball camps during test was obvious. Students were writing the answers under the brim. Then school started to banning cell phones realizing students could test message answers to each other. Now, schools across the country are targeting digital media players as a potential team device. You bet. And there's a picture of a kid named Nick Dambrosia 17 in this AP photo holding up his iPod. He's holding it up in the air and the iPod too. A Nick. Anyways, two young, oh, 17. Devices including iPods and zoons can be hidden on that. I mean, is that bad to be oooking over somebody who's admittedly underage? Is that a bad thing? No, I mean, I can't touch him. It's just a picture of the new and see where he is. Perfect. That right. Exactly. Thank you. Devices including iPods and zoons. I want what is zoons? Do you listen to tunes on zoons? That's another kind of MP3 player like a night. I never heard of it. Can be hidden under the clothing with just an earbud and a wire snaking behind an ear into a shirt collar to give them away school officials say. Hey, Nick. It doesn't take long to get out of the loop with teenagers said, Mountain View High School Principal Aaron Maybond. They come up with new and creative ways to cheat pretty fast. Mountain View recently enacted a ban on digital media players after school officials realized some students were downloading formulas. Another material onto the players. A teacher over her to a couple of kids talking about it said Maybond. Shayna Kemp spoke to him for the National Association of Secondary School Principal said she doesn't have hard statistics on the phenomenon but said it's not unusual for schools to ban digital media players. What do you think, Nick? I think it's becoming a national friend, Nick, said she said. We hope that each sister will have a policy in place for technology. He keeps a lot of the problems down. Using the devices to cheat is hardly a new phenomenon. Sometimes it takes a lot of teachers and administrators who come from an older generation to catch out on the various ways that technology can be used. Especially old-futty that he liked me. I never heard of zoons. Does that make me out of the loop out of touch? Not anymore, so they're unusual. Some students use our thought compatible voice record as to record test answers in advance and play them back. Said 16 year old Mountain View Jr. Down here buys D'Ar. Don't have no picture of D'Armire. Although it says by my Mr. Shayne, whatever the hell that means. Others download, I know what that means. Others download crypto, some of the music players and hide them in the lyrics text files. Even an audio clip of the old schoolhouse rock take on how a bill makes it through Congress can come in handy during some American government exams. Kelsey Nelson, the 17 year old senior at the school, said she used those in the music ever completing her test. Something she can no longer do since the band. Well, true bad honey. Still she said the band hasn't stopped some students from using the devices. You can just thread the earbud up your sleeve. Then hold it to your ear like you're resting your head in your hand, Nelson. Said, I think you should still be able to use iPods. People are going to cheat or still go to the cheat with a button. Still schools around the world are hoping bands will at least stay off some tiers. A teacher would send Gabriel High School in Muscoving in California confiscated a student's iPod during class and found the answers to a test. Crypt notes and a definition list in the month of teens music solutions. Schools in Seattle Washington have also been the devices. The practice is not limited to the US state Mary's College or High School in the Sussex, Rehontario, bands cell phones in digital media players this year. While the University of Tasmania in Australia, prohibits iPods is electronic dictionary CD players and spell second devices. In Tasmania, you devil. Conversely, Duke University in North Carolina began providing iPods to its students three years ago as part of my experiment to see how the devices could be used when hands learning. Huh. The music players proved to be invaluable for some courses including music, engineering and sociology said Tim Dodger had directly set a academic integrity to Duke and Duke has been cheating out of decline over the past years largely because the community expected students to have high academic integrity. Well, excuse me. Sounds like a blue nose thing to me, doesn't it? Hmm. Try to fight the technology without a dialogue on various expectations as a losing battle, though. I said, I think there's kind of a back door benefit here. As teachers are thinking about high technology is corrupted, they're also thinking about how they can be used productively, but a beat, but a boot, but about how is the Nick Dan Brojadoan? I wonder how he said it was like Nick to have ambrosia. Well, I don't even know what that is. Nick to have ambrosia, do you? Yeah. What is it? It's like, and Brojadoan is like food to the gods drink of the gods. Food to the gods, and that's right. Makes you immortal if you eat it. Wow. Drink it. If you eat it, or drink it. Sure. I got a couple of really fine lines for that, but I don't think so. Sure. I think I'll pass it. Oh, I'm not sharing any of them. I don't share. 1127, I'm a pool. Now, what are you thinking Chris Chris is kind of out of loop today? And what is how he is instead of damn thing all day? I haven't. Have you? Have you said anything to me on the year? Yeah, how's Gastford going? Yeah, I've danced for my ass. Oh, we get a stone. Is that jazz for the ghost? That's cast for you, moron. I'm sorry. Gastford was the not so friendly ghost. Is the house really? Yeah. 1127. I mean, we need 73 votes in 49 minutes. I think we could do it if you lean on it, scream in yellow and carry on like some kind of a kick and child. Alabama, 1 28, other than Florida, what's the last state you'd want to live in? Mississippi, 1 18 in Texas, 104, the Deep South baby, it blows. Come and say cheese. Welcome back to getting em both. The other joining us again today. Yeah. I can't believe the union took canceled football training. Is that right? That's not right. If the 911, all sports was canceled for almost a week, I was in this draw. You were doing a show the morning in 11 right? Yeah. We'll have to handle that. I'm proud to say we took right on talking about the Miami. Holy, holy, holy. Oh, no, I don't know, y'all. Something like that happens. I might have to put sports aside for a little bit. That's right. You're not going to list as long as I have to. Dude, people were jumping to their death or our shores were attacked. And that wasn't a good situation. Once that's done, don't single very Jewish portal, February. So let me get this right there. There's nothing more important in life than sports, right? I don't get my house was pointing down with my family captain's side. Loosing the list might have an escort page. Do one job security in a can't wait. It's sports, sports, sports. If you want to wake me up, sports. Look, a girl decommere. Come here. I want to show you something. One 17 at 5.60 WQM, Kelly Mann. He's the secret weapon. He's killing us. 1147 boats. We need 53 more in 43 minutes. But that's easy, man. Even Chris thinks we can do that. Although I don't think he cares that much. God like Chris, what he's worried about is his next meal. Am I right about that? What, huh, no? And when you make a kind of money there, pay me. I really would be worried about my next meal to be honest with it. So have you like all the information we got about that pizza, the Georgia? That's the question. I remember back in the day when we really had an audience Georgia and we'd ask to add something like that. I sure do. We have 85 million calls on it. Immediately, if not sooner, they'd be right on top of it. We'd be the facts that would be coming in. Not no more. Those were the days. Fox News devoted airtime today to a lawsuit brought by a father after a son's double across the book on lesbian sexual violence in an Arkansas public library. Arkansas. The pendant for Arkansas, an anacicking 20 random damages in the firing of the town's top librarian, claiming his two sons were disturbed after and then they read the book. After Stumbagapana, a whole lesbian sex book in the town's public library. That's the name, but the whole lesbian sex book. That's called WH. The Fox segment features two defense attorneys commenting on whether or not there's a legitimate deal case to be made against the book, legal case. And then they got the video from America's newsroom on here on the roster. That's too raw for me. I don't want to see about no lesbian. I did this. Testing. I'm sure you do. And so those kids, two teenage boys, they're going to book about lesbians and they're disturbed. Right. They're disturbed. They couldn't see the rest of the video. That's what they're disturbed about. Is Daddy came in and shut the thing off. No, not. Faster. And then, of course, took it in his own room and probably got his own big screen TV. Fox and all kinds of pornographic. Oh yeah. 150 votes on the pool. We need even 50 and 41 minutes. The challenge is right in your lap and the challenge too. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. Neil. After one hour I ate at that pizza joint. Yeah. And it was the best study. It was the only place that I'd power in my bag county. So we went there. I've run. It was great. I don't know if it was because we weren't eating too much could be good. So, otherwise, if you're starving, then that's pretty good. When my dad got that from the alarm, he ate liver and onions. He started the first time. He said it was the best meal. He said, well, I would think so. Yeah. Hi, buddy. Thanks. So in other words, if you haven't eaten a meal in like six, seven months, and they're the powers out and there's no other place that's got any power in all the place open. It's pretty damn good, as what he said. Not that he ever ate there, but nevertheless. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and palm 5, 60. WQAM. Hello. Kim Bo, Kim, or looks like a drink. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Suggestion for the new poll. How young is two young? That. Been there done that. boring. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. The one time that he got the Georgia of the Galleries, I was definitely not satisfied. It was gross. It was gross? Yeah. Well, what's going on in the back? Is that your radio cranked up back there or what? No, I was making sure I'm not sure I'm willing to say that until your text was right now. Oh, my God. You better get out of there, man. Oh, believe me. I am. I'm waiting on my truck to get fixed. Well, you're going to fix fast. Good luck to you, pal. Hi. Thank you. Okay. And the guy in San Antonio reviewing a place in the Galleries in four long ago. He said it was gross. Just like that book about those, the whole lesbian thing. How may I spell that? WQAM. Hello. Yeah, I want to know. How many, uh, you know, don't think the button you have to play like, you know, about 30,000. So how many buttons are there? 4 million. Oh, no. About 30,000. How many buttons are there? Well, what does it make how many buttons are there? Okay, you've got to lose button. You've got to lose change. What's your story, man? You counting? How many buttons are there? Jesus, God. Oh, I'd by the way. Yeah. Already, I've tore this up in through the way. I shouldn't have done that because there was an interesting line there in the last, the last line that's story. It says further details on that case are available at the Washington Post's blog, off beat. And I, in two words, like with a slight, I hear of the words, transphosed, juxtaposed. Yes. I could be wrong about that. Well, I still as kids. After they finished watching the lesbian video. 1,053 votes on a polling need 47 and 38 minutes. What do you think in there? Let me click, curav you, curav it again. Let me click the currents. 11, 50 cent. What I just say we had a moment ago? Probably the same. I don't know. 42 votes, 38 minutes. No, no sweat. I think I shouldn't say no sweat. We're really under a lot of pressure. Okay. If we don't get to 1200, then all of a sudden everybody's going to take my money. See, what was that idea you were peddling to be about? Not eating going to wood by and all weekend. That's just that's desperation. That's stupid. How much how much is it worth of money? I think it was a good body card. She's doing. Okay, sir. Bego here for the brain, you know why? Yeah, I think. One more thing about the draft, who was one, who was number two? There's a thing, I tell. Yeah, that's a good point. That's another reason we can't open the door of the studio over here without getting blood of this draft. It's an offer ready. It's not to give you blood. I know you know, it's a crazy. Okay. Well, good luck. That's a nail. Stick with us till 2 o'clock. No draft talk here, baby. But, you know, what do I know? And I don't care. I mean, to me, you know what that's like. It's like people go to see what's practice. Like hockey fans, that they're any hockey fans and so forth. Oh, we went this morning to watch practice. And I have one question for that. Oh, that's not it. I worked that well. That's my question. Why, why would anybody? I mean, if you, if you, if you, if you, if we must go blow the brains out, leave the first year for somebody that might actually find a life which we're in. You have to be the flesh to be. Oh, get me a brain. If we'd to practice it on your face and hop in. Oh, Jesus God, all my, well, I went to scream. I just to see the, oh, oh, my God, grow up already. I have no life. I have no life. Just pathetic enough to make, bring tears to my eyes. Okay. I'm going to run down the whole pool right now. I'm going to run the rub down the rub down the rub down. Let me turn away. Well, for Raj comes a while, giving her rub down. Don't be picking on my Indian friend now. Okay. Have you ever lied on a resume? Yes, 15% no 85% that's the CNN poll right now. What a, what a really nifty thing there. There's who cares. Have you ever lied? Have you ever lied? Period. How about doing that one? How about two people that's CNN? You ever lied? Like every day every news story, every piece of government, proper gander? Other than Florida, what's the last state you to want to live in? That's our excellent pool today. I came up with that my self-esteem, they did not. And you said, yeah, that's good idea. It is good. We've never done this before. I'm sure we'll never do it again. 1162 now. We need just 38 votes in 36 minutes. Oh, piece of cake. Alabama, 133. Alabama's pull away with it out the banjo on your neo-suzana. Well, I haven't heard that in a long time. Ouzuzana. I think that. Well, good. Mississippi, 1118. Texas, 108. How about Terry Gocason and the Easy Riders in Mirriyan? All they, all night, Mary. Texas, 108 is in third place, but they're still in a run. Alaska 88, New York 80, North Dakota, 61. Louisiana 49, Utah 46, New Jersey 41, New Jersey. California 35, Arkansas 31 should be way higher than that. Especially after the story about those lesbines. Kansas 29, Oklahoma 23, Nebraska 23, West Virginia 22. Georgia 20, Wyoming 18, South Carolina 16, Iowa 16, Idaho 16. Massachusetts 15, Hawaii 13, Michigan 12, Arizona 12. That should also be way higher. Ohio 11, New Mexico 11, Tennessee 10, Tennessee. Oh, South Dakota 8, North Carolina 8, Nevada 8, Nevada, God couple votes. Maine 8, Kentucky 8, Montana 7, Vermont 6, Indiana 6, Indiana, Tennessee, Indiana, Tennessee, Colorado 6 Virginia 5, Oregon 5, Washington 4, New Hampshire 4, Illinois 4, Connecticut 4, Minnesota 3, Maryland 3, Rhode Island 2, Pennsylvania 2, Delaware 2, Wisconsin 1, and only one, solamente only for Florida for one. I wouldn't go, if they paid me to live there, Missouri. Missouri, how come that's only got one vote? I guess most of these people have never been there. Especially St. Louis. I've never been there. You think it's hard and so I thought, wow, mosquitoes is big as bowling balls, the size of Vermont. A lot of Catholics in the same list, by the way. Not enough of that's a reason not to go there for most people, but for me, although it couldn't be the region. I have Bush, I have to move! The public is coming. I'm a phage, you, Jennifer Capriotti here, and when I'm not slipping balls on the court, I'm getting stoned off my ass. And I get my best hit off the Jennifer Capriotti, and every audience had a spot can burn. That's right, it's the Jennifer Capriotti, tennis ball can burn! Cops will never suspect this innocent looking can, just empty the balls, screw on the ball, fill it with water, and your set to destroy brain cells, the Jennifer Capriotti way! Ah, this is so smooth! It's the bonnet! It's a tennis ball can, a tennis ball can, that thinks it's a bonnet! Proceeds benefit, Jennifer Capriotti will go to bed spot, normal approved! Okay, 131, we got less than a half hour to go, I'm going to show you how to not just today, but for the entire week. You shouldn't have to do bad, we can't turn that on. Maybe we play Monday through Thursday highlights. Well, I'm at 69 votes, so we got to 20 minutes, we need only 30 minutes, and I'd like you to try to click that view, I don't want the Christie get all bent out of shape here, you know? He gets nervous. Yeah, he thinks we're going to send him the side barrier, something you like to fool there, though. 11 69, we need 31 votes in 28 minutes. That's the same as it was before our click, it wasn't it? 11 69? They're slowing down, I could not see it's still 11 69. I think Eric's got his thumb on it again. He loves doing that to me. He loves sticking his thumb on air, like it's like a suppression button, you know he's got it, if they'll hold all of it, and then all of the sit will take the button off there, and they're like, wow, here come 20, 30 votes, a big chunk, you know, all of it once. Not yet, though. Still 11 69, Chris, I'm trying pulling for you. But it's, yeah, not moving. I'll start knocking on back. Yeah, they're going to send you as often as I've been here, where you'll be safe. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, fine. Now did we ever get anybody who really ate there at that place or not? I don't think so. I don't know. That's the, a pizza joint, I guess not, I guess our crowd doesn't need the gallery. We probably haven't got anybody listening in four-later day or, you know, within like 50 miles of it. Probably most of our audiences like in key west, and the sweet water. Huh, lutes, and some, some in lutes, and done eaten. Done eaten, and that's never going to happen for me. I'm not going to be done eaten until they stick my ass in the ground, until they're right now. All this business about, oh, Dr. Gupta says, if you don't eat very much, you're going to live to be on me. Well, who'd I want to live to be 100 if you can't enjoy some good food, man? I'm going to enjoy some good child, even puppy child sounds good. WDQAM, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Okay, sir. Good, I want you to have a great weekend, because I've already started my weekend early. I told the boss I feel too good. I'm taking off today. Well, good for you. And tonight, well, also because I'm going to catch a huge bet because the heat are thinking the joint out, and I found some of the sucker to take the bet, and now they're on their way to losing their butt, and I think they should come out in the cheerleader uniforms and they're a bunch of girls. Okay, I'll be right back. I think I've been having a good weekend. He's worried about the heat. Okay, whatever. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Pretty good. I am standing at Piazza, Georgia, in the gallery of mine. I'm standing at Piazza, Georgia, in the gallery of mine. Really? Yes. I walked in the mall. I've been trying to get through to you. And it's very good. They've got about 20 little pizza sitting out here that they've already made. I've eaten here before. It's pretty good. That's good. What's the hook there? When you say you have 20 little pizzas, another one's like the personal sized pizza. I like personal pizzas and plain pizza, and then they've got all kinds of toppings on all the different ones. They're about seven bucks. I'm looking at the menu right now. Yeah. And then they've got hot pups, hot meals, and stormbully and cow don. Oh, boy. Now you've got the barrels across the way. That's for William Man, Sparrow. I know. I know. That when I was in the gallery, I saw Brian. But I'm watching the guy make the dough right now. He's looking at me like I'm some kind of a weird guy. Yeah, because you're like a CIA spy. I was kind of a guy from Sparrow. No, the guy from Pizza to Georgia. Yeah, you were hearing about this. Maybe they're hearing that we'll tag on the radio. It's giving them some publicity. Well, let's pretend it's really good, okay? Give it a shot. Okay. Thanks. Thanks, pal. Yeah. Can't have it. It'll grill us good. Pretty good stuff. Not sensational, not spectacular. Everybody was good, you know. And, uh, huh? It's a deal. No, it was good. 1171 on the pool. I mean, in South Florida, if you find some place, you can say, really spectacular, you know? I mean, I'd love to hear that. When you, you look, Chick-fil-A. Get out and you're Chick-fil-A, my ass. I'll go get the grease. Get the pairing. I'm trying to make that fry. Let them 73, okay? Yeah, you see fry, my ass. Deep fat fry. It's coming to you, man. Hello. Yeah. Am I calling that WQA-An? Are you calling out to know, but that's where you got. You're calling for pizza order or what? Is that new? Yeah. New. New. Wrong number. Yeah. Definitely. Definitely. You're a AM, hello. Hello, my son, the new, please. Speaking, yes. How you doing, Neil? Okay. How many times do you think the mad dog in Hammond? She's doing the power. What does that mean? She's doing the power. What does that mean? She's doing the power. She doesn't watch sound parks or save it. I don't know what she's trying to about. What does that mean? Explain to me. You see the episode that you'll understand it. I'm not going to see the episode, so you can't explain it to me. It's what Lesbian is doing. They say, sir. Uh, boring. No, I didn't. They're looking at all. Five, six, seven, oh, five. Pretty good. Writing me. Okay. All that lesbian stuff. You had a world guy who wanted to see one of you all. That was me. Sizzering. I know. I know what the intermission is. Watching all that. You get whiplash in the neck from watching all that, uh, porn. I understand. I know people like that. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 and pound five, 60. I need Verizon and singular wireless line. W to Q a M, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah, I have a question for you. Mm-hmm. The song, hey, hey, follow. What's the guy's name in that song? Paul. Not Paul. Paul and Paula. It is Paul. Yeah. Let me say it again. Paul and Paula. Thank you. Okay. Enjoy your Impala, Paula. What's the guy's name? Hey. Hey. He's a little bit over module in there. He's a little bit over module in there. Oh, and we've started, if you ask me, come out. Come out. How do I do. I don't know who one else. Sorry, just fired off that way. I'm thinking 61, 62, this little moosey. But, you know, you know me in the moose. 63. 63, off again. How come these songs? I haven't done this, though. Maybe they played the one the other. Just your head. You know, your romantic. You know, when you shoot, you have to adjust the sights. Just adjust your head by a year, too. And then you'll be right on the time. No. I'm still here. If you're in Boston when these songs were popular. And I was not in Boston, 63. I was there like in 61 and 62. Maybe your memory is wrong. What the year that I was in Boston? Yeah. I sure ate there. That's where I got fat in Boston out. When I was in college, I weighed 150 pounds. That was like right on, man. I mean, I was like, you know, flabby. Okay, I'm now. But I'm still alive all these years later. I'm still here, man. A lot of other people are coming going. I'm still here. Flabby is a can be. Not as flabby is that chicken to Ronald at the cow that was running around the streets naked. Oh, god. Chicken to Ronald. Is that it? The one on at the right. The interview gone wrong. Not one. Okay. And then I was accused that was me out there. Anyhow, what it was? I was. I can fast. That's right. We need 24 votes for 1221 minutes. We ought to be able to do that. Anybody see that? It also tremendous number of calls. We've had that boring presidential debate. I think one. And rightfully so I didn't watch it. You didn't watch it. Well, pressure is how didn't watch it. I don't want to see Chris Matthews talking politics. I just. I can't handle it. And it's just and what's the point? You don't know what he's going to say anything. That's that's the problem. Nobody is going to say not. Now listen, the important stuff starts it to a clock. We got mad dog at Dolphin Campan and we got the Humphors at the Tribal Aorener for the basketball game. And we got the Marlin game. We got UN baseball on 1360. We got sports. We got jogs. We got the bunch of my decor. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. You listen to the music. You tell me you lie on me. Oh, my show's the day time all better. The blue. You never know it but no way that they are calling me. The sports will you know better. It's always ankle for you. So the version shows it that they're gonna go by now. No one gives a crap about it. It's the sound that brings so many. Can't you pass over, Dolphin Camp? The challenge is to do it out. If somebody is safe, to love and out. Soon and out. You admit it's not too much, but it makes it an important. But they meet every end of each other. But all you ever see are that you don't know more. It's always ankle for you. So the version shows it that they are gonna go by now. No one gives a crap about it. It's the challenge that keeps the place running. And you've got to throw their gun at the tower. Let down this music. And play it, play it to love and out. Soon and out. Nice. Oh, Kelly. That's the new deal in radio. It's like, oh, this isn't here that you want to throw. Please tell me. I'm about to go. I'm about to go. But when I hear that sound, oh man, it's like hearing, I'm hearing fingernails. I'm dragging on your ass. 14. You know, I'm a team of L2 at QAM. A U.S. officials who say there's been a dramatic drop in Secretary of Violence in Iraq since President Bush began setting more Mark and troops in the Baghdad. Are counting one of the main killers of Iraq's civilians. Car bombs and other explosive devices have killed thousands of Iraqis in the past three years. But the administration doesn't include them. And the case where the council's been citing is evidence that the surge of additional U.S. forces is beginning to fuse tensions between the people of Iraq and Syria and Muslims. But what about all these dead people over here? You have a they weren't killed by car bombs. El Presidente, they explained why in a TV interview on two day. What's this thing they keep showing his script for he's dancing with all these Dark folks and he's doing them just embarrassing the crap out of them. What is that? What do you see is what you see? Well, what is it? He's dancing with a bunch of Dark folks and it's embarrassing and he's a goofball and blathering idiot and everyone knows it. Well, we do know that. Anyway, the bush mice you said if the status of success is no car bombings or suicide bombings, we've just handed those who commit suicide bombings a huge victory. He told TV interview Charlie Rose, others, however, say that not counting bombing victim skews the evidence of how well the bag gets to carry the planet's protecting the civilian population one of the surges main goals. Since the administration keeps saying that failure is not an option, they're redefining success in a way that suits them says James Denselow in Iraq's specialist at London-based Chatham House of Policy think tank. Bush administration officials appointed to a dramatic decline on one of the category of deaths, bodies dumped daily in Baghdad's streets which officials call sectarian murders, as evidence that the security plan is working. But the number of people killed in this explosive attacks is rising, the same statistic show, up from 323 in March the 1st full month of the security plan, to 365-8.24. Overall, statistics indicate the number of island deaths is declines of nearly since December, when 1391 people died in Baghdad, either executed and found dead on the street or killed by bomb blast. The number was 796 in March, and 691 through April 24, nearly all of that decline however can be attributed to a drop in executions. Most of which were blamed on Shiite Muslim militias, aligned with the government of Prime Minister Nuri Al-Malikim Malikhi, much of the client occurred before this security plan began February 15th, and since then radical Shiite cleric Muptaud al-Sadra's mockery army militia to stand down. It's time to stand down, first you stand up, and then you stand down, and then you sit up, and then you sit down. Sit down, I played that one yesterday, didn't I? Red it to two bars to down. Yes. Now what about that one about Al-Kaselta? You know, I can't explain why not. Because he starts swearing all over the place. Oh, is that right? That's why. Now what about how to like a kick? Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello. This is Bernie from the steam room, can I speak to you all right? Red? Red? Red? Hello, all right? Yeah, Bernie from the steam room. And like that. I let you know if there's a house or a like a kick. Just place. So I thought, boom. How do I kick? Oh, you did that. This is Bernie. The steam room, huh? Yes, that sounds out. But it's like, oh, here. People hear something that he went up the fence. Oh, yeah, this is how to like a kick. I don't understand what you say. Just like a kick. Jay, you know, Jay, you know, Jay. You know, I play. You suppose to be there, so this is how? You see, you know, Jay, you know, I play like a kick. Is anybody there, you like a kick? Oh, I was the like a kick. Not here, I know. I mean, that one's not all like good. But I can't play the good ones like it. Like you said yesterday, it like everything else, you know. And then we played a Miami dieting with your encouragement, by the way, and that thing I had. I was pressing this thing and hopping on it and pushing it and jumping on it. And I don't even know. Because that's the one thing about us. I mean, I don't have no idea what gets on the air. What doesn't. Do you remember me? Do you? No. Only after when people come in. Do you know what you did? I'm not. Yeah, we know. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, feel free. Speaking. Hey, man. How the heat goes this day? Who cares? Oh, your mama. Oh, yeah, your mama. So soft in hell. Get out of here. How do you kind of do that? Out of the going to either? When are they going to lose? That's what I'm going to tell you right now. And if they lose tonight, it's bye-bye. On Sunday. Then I'm not going to two feet. They're not going to three feet. They're not going to repeat. They're going to just repeat. Hey, Pete. Anybody care about that crap? No, I'm not on this show. I don't care about the heat. I don't care about the dolphins. I don't care about the marlins. And I certainly don't care about the panthers. Oh, my God. I'm not a sports player. You. I'm not. I am a sports fan to a point. I like my hockey, but certainly not the panthers. I like real hockey teams in a market where people care about it. And I like what else to do? I like my football, like my Patriots. I like a real team that occasionally contends and wins a Super Bowl every now and then. I like that. This is what I like. And of course, I like my horse race. And let's get a horse race on it. Uh-oh. How many minutes till post time at Pimlico? Three minutes five minutes to post time for real. I think it should have. Did it. Did it. Did it. That was the voice of Tom Durkin. Five minutes till the third race at Aquinox. Six words to the work. The four is eight to five. The five is five to two. The three is three to one. Here comes the bunny. And there goes your money. And all that other stuff. I told the kid the other day that was called about gambling and stuff. I said, you know, a fool is money. You're soon part of that's the best advice I can give you. If you got a lot of money, you know, when you care. It's just like entertainment. Go have a great time. That's what I do. I'll be there early tomorrow morning. I'll be plunging my gut. I said, and maybe you find a good machine. And if that's not going to change my life, it's not going to cost me any meals unfortunately. Unfortunately, I'm not going to miss any meals. I can buy all the rocky road I want. I can go to the store and I can buy out all the ice cream they got. Get my canned guy to pull up and invite away. 11.9 be in the pool. Any second. I bet you if I click that thing, we might get to 12 right there. Chris, what do you think? What do you think? My name is Fink. 11.98. Still. And I press pants for nothing. 11.98. When we need two more votes in seven minutes, we ought to be able to do that when you think. I hope so. Unless you've given the whole audience away with all this food talk and pizza talk. Now see, I mean, if you want really great pizza, go to New Yorker Chicago. Or as a Boston, I haven't had pizza in Boston many years. I don't know. I know Italian food man. Or some really good stuff. Montgemanger in Boston. And don't get sucked in by those overweighted restaurants in North End. Some of them are okay. And some really blow. Oh, she's a Scottish. She's a Scottish. She's a Scottish. The sweat is pouring off of my eyeballs. Don't lie. Over hard burn. Don't go, don't go. Every time I see. Don't go, don't go, don't go. Every time I see. Don't go, don't go. I see. These President of the... Repil� and muscle in. And in our kingdom and in the area. I don't know why. They all want to shove a non-easy sin. They're screwed in their four years. With President of the... No, no, no. Oh, what I get to know. Montgemanger in Boston. And get to know what it's called. In your office. Don't go, don't go. It's rummage to be. Don't go, don't go. Montgemanger in Boston. Don't go, don't go. I see, they're... No more than me. I have a piece, President of the... No, no. Yeah, don't care what it's called. You got a name by her, girl. I call the Christian... Oh, it's no one else. You and I have a house over here. We've got a great leader. Oh, with President of... Shut up, shit. Huh? We've got a shit. Oh, we're all good at it. Oh, shit. We've got a shit. We've got a shit. Bye, bye, bye.