Why the you best dude? General, you're a tape scrolling. Alright, we're truth and those just found number one. Don't ask them. Tell Ressenda. Hmm. Hello, I'm General Tomifranx. I've been ordered ask to talk to you about the army. You may have heard people saying that the army doesn't like gates. You may also hear people say that people who don't like gates are gates themselves. The army's not gates! Hmm. Just because it's countless young men living in close quarters and showering. Anyway, to prove it, the army's got brand new day incentive programs. We got your gutkey. Good, Chief General. Gooky uniform. Skurchy. Lewis Vutton. Baton. You Tom. Rimes with Baton. Backpacks. Anyway, the chief once a video is sure you that if you join the army, you will be in the kitchen. You'll be right on the front lines. I mean, right on the front front lines. We will never want to get a join up and be right there on the front lines. Thank you. Uncle Sam once you don't ask, don't tell us, when we're sending it sign up for the new GUI bill in the army. Or pay for cooking school. America. It's to die for. How today and be an army of fun. It's a 10 out to a five 60 volume. I'm going to tell you something. I think it used to that schedule like we had yesterday. Oh yeah, you're fast. What about you? Yes. Yeah, I actually wanted for the winning day. I met a big comeback in the report. Not that anybody should care about that. My comment is. But nevertheless, with losing on those dollar machines for those, their sucker machines is dollar wheel fortune. And maybe all dollar machines. And I went in the $5 room, the high roller room. And there was Alex for back in there with high rollers. Did you know he was on that show? You said he came a suit. But anyway, and I went to the $5 wheel fortune machine. And I did it around a little bit. And I got to spend $2,500. So I want a grander man out the door. I want a grander man. Oh yeah, he's going to bed gambling problem that Neil. To what I heard. Yeah. What is all this stuff about. Let's start about to printed it. So I got our bikes that you've come to. I'm just going to run an hour and a half of that. You were a simple long and. I got to do it distracted. If anybody wonders what that sound is. That's the self-coordered cheer. You're pretty a Bronx cheer. There's the self-coordered cheer. I have a nice day. Yeah. Happy hours. Yeah, mama. Like that. Is this something I can just jump right into here? Coffee has giant Starbucks. This is a candy-bass campaign to put thought-for-voking messages on this coffee cup. Despite a natural uproar and threat of boycott over a message, some fellow was anti-God. Oh, I've heard of an anti-neal, but never anti-God. How about anti-God? Yeah, that too. Controversy, erupted this week after a customer became steamed reading a quote that said, Why in moments of crisis do we ask God for strength and help? As cognitive beings, why would we ask something that may well be a figment of our imagination for guidance? One of search and side ourselves for the power to overcome. After all, we're strong enough to cause most of the catastrophes we need to endure. The quote was written by Bill Schall, a Starbucks customer from London, Ontario, Canada. Hey, have a great weekend, Bill. Hey. It was included as part of Starbucks the way I see a campaign to collect different few points and spur discussion. A story posted Sunday afternoon, publicizing the cup became a hot topic on national radio shows this week, including Rush Limbaugh and the obnoxious right when you self-hating dichlor and grahan. I got a good band, coder story in here too, in that. Speaking of right wing, self-hating dikes. One reader can pick a Blakely Florida since purchased a coffee with another message. He thought was a sign against his Christian faith and snapped a photo of it, but I can't read it. Can you read it? No. No. I can't read it. It's got a picture of it. He wasn't thrilled when he purchased a Starbucks. Oh, here it is. It actually says, well, thank you for printing it out in the story. Heaven is totally overrated. It seems boring. Clouds listening to people play the harp. We don't want to harp on it, I guess. How's harp doing? It should be somewhere you can't wait to go like a luxury hotel. Maybe blue skies and soft music were enough to keep people in line in the 17th century, but heaven has to step it up a bit. They're like that. Yeah. They're basically getting by because they only have to be better than hell. Joel Steincomers for the early times wrote that and some of the coffee cups. There's absolutely no reason to put that on a cup packed to old WND. What is WND? Is that this site? I don't know what WND is. Do you know what it is? I'm afraid I don't know it. He told somebody from a market standpoint. It blows me away. He says, I don't put a picture of Christ on my business card. Pectas, the issues are energized and to push for a boycott of Starbucks and favor other local coffee houses in Pope County, Florida. Maybe Pope Salorani will be in there and Pope somebody. Pope this man. Yeah. Everyone I've shown the cup to has been flagged as to whether they have a faith in Christ or not he said. Salorani Starbucks means while making no apologies about the guy related messages and what's campaign. We're committed to the program Starbucks communications manager Trishamori Ard told WND, noting that quotes about matters of faith make up only a small fraction of the printed quips. We covered topics such as theater, film, the environment, food, and sports. The cups are not pro or anti-religion per se. When I said there was any sitting or I sure like that. Let's play that so to a clock. I love it. I guarantee the powers that be would like that a lot better than what I'm going to say today after I give that very jackass column. These people are just in total denial but nevertheless there are as cool as is the day as long. And I don't want to get started now because once I get started I'll miss the break and I'm miss everything. I can get a little bit. I give myself a little whipped up about them and about what they're doing to this place but then again very jackass. You know, they're young air over there across the street and they're hip-er and they're younger. It's the same crap like I told you the other day when they had that one fully month a couple of years ago with 18 to 34 men and they had a few wired diaries. Oh, this is going to be our demographic. This is where we're going to really excel and then of course the following month they all disappeared because there was a bunch of wired diaries. It was funny. So I know a little bit something about ratings in the way they work. Believe me, trust me, I've been doing this for about six hundred years. Very jackass and they'll have those only one thing and that is the suck. Heavy duty ass of the people across the street because they have in sexual relationship and additional with he doesn't even realize he's too stupid to realize just like most of the people list building are too stupid to realize we don't compete with them on this show. I don't give a crap about them. We're going to compete with that loudmouth in New York peace of turn. That's we don't do a sports show. Our competition is rush speaking loudmouth pieces of turn and the Scare America. That's it. We do a talk show here. Not a stupid ass sports show. Anyway, well, next to there was any scenario that would prompt the company to move a certain conference campaign. She said she couldn't come out on a hypothetical situation saying certainly we have no plans to remove any of them. I say you go Starbucks good for you. I'm going this weekend and she provided the WND with a couple messages. I can be viewed as pro god and there was always. No god and god dang it and stuff like that. I'm going to tell you something man, once I get going today, you're going to have to like send me some doggy dollars. All right. Because it's just amazing to me. It's just it's in the year everywhere with this outfit. And all this below me all are younger and there. If we're we're here to send crats three years ago and what happened with them. Okay, and they get a bogus month and right away. Here's a big story about the ticket and that's all the other crap. Yeah, they suck. And many much of the stuff we put on the year starts to. You know, I mean, yeah, I got a lot of people who don't belong on the year. But that's nature of the market. It's a bush league town with a lot of bush league management and bush league operators who think that they're with their broadcasters, their broadcasters, like when he marked that is that broadcasters and put squeaky noise people on the year to see how how much can the audience endure. And of course, there's also like we we operate in a vacuum. You're like living your life inside of a tin can, you know. You're not going to really have too much. Well, but, guys, you will be out of world when you live like living your life in a dumpster. Okay, like that guy that got almost squashed by that the. The chopper machine. I'm going to give you the garbage compact. Here's a fact from Jamaica, Monten clear. Very nice. Nice way to start the a day. Do you like it? No, that is one I was looking for. I was looking for more for like. Yeah, for him. Says the contents of your show are beyond supreme entertainment. I would agree, Stimclear beyond supreme. That's how the issue is. That's why I'm legendary. That's why I'm still here after 100 years in a market that just absolutely. It's impossible. You'll see. Here's an example. Yeah. He says I'm extremely disappointed that I'm unable to experience the show. It's true format because of Joyce and the FCC. But I wish you the best for 200 more years in the Arrogance show. Along the thank you both and the man behind the scenes chicken egg for the great entertainment and bedtime stories. In fact, I think that's chicken egg. Who makes some of those sounds that we're going to be hearing a lot of so. What's wrong? Please keep up the fight. George and Neil and stay healthy for all of us. Thank you to make a lot of food for your university. I wonder if it's all of us. Best of us with the testies. Anyway, we're going to make a thousand of old seas in the full day. So Chris, you can just relax and stuff your face with fat and food. I'm not going to tell you I have a screen missed it. I'm just a total flop on this amazing. Well, I may do it and I may not. Oh, I haven't done it yet. No, I need yesterday, so it's not so good. You had jelly belly? No, just a regular kind. Yeah, I got fat belly is what I got. All the way had a good time. It would buy a month and boy, when you go in there and get that spin for 20. And you know, have you ever played real fortune? Oh, that's right. No, you ask me no. I don't know. I play a bit of sight of this. When you get a spin, you know, we're to course a lot of people think that's where it's at. And sometimes in the fight, I'll machine that's definitely where it's at. To a greater extent. But anyway, when you get a spin, like on the dollar machine, there's 400, 500,000. Those are the three spins that if they're coming up when they're with. See, it's all programmed ahead of time when it's spin comes up. The computer already knows what it's going to pay you. The rest is just a dog and pony show thinking to all excited. I'll come on thousand thousand. Come on. But anyway, when it gets to 400, 500,000, we don't get to about three or four spaces away from the number. The audio is programmed to go, oh, you can, they start to move. Yeah, and so you know what's going to start. So I'm on my flat all machine. I hit the thing and it gets about three or four to the right of 25. 100 and I go, oh, wow. And I thought, wow, just like that. And I turned around and I looked at that place. I took my 25-liter guitar and it's all right. I took it and I went, and I ran out of there, man. It's fast as I could. He's got a gambling problem. He's got a gambling problem. I got a problem all right. It's called this market. It's called working for people who haven't got a clue what they're doing. It would be like people opening up a restaurant and then lining up a bunch of shoes in the window. You know, this is a shoe store. Is this a shoe shine stand? No, but we don't know what the, we don't know how to do it. And we just don't know how to put our best. Not only only put our best foot forward, we don't put any foot forward in this place. We put our feet in our recto. That's right. But I'm going to, I'm going to go nuts today and it's about time. Flung over to an upholding bat. Lee, I call her on a camp last night and I said, if Joe bell calls you. Now this is exactly what I told him about renewing the deal. And that's what the time. Hey, Joe, listen. Get lost. No chance with these grave robbers with these lunatics. From an at Sanford, 10 at 5 and 16, everybody come over here before we do the break. Who's the most obsessed that was yesterday's full? 240 votes. Kill the Americans about female cancer, 574. We only had an hour and a half show. So I guess we did okay. New Yorkers about anything with New York loud. I'm not just disgusting. A 2016. Jews about Israel. 1951. Oh, hey. New Yorkers of system of Brady Quinn. Oh, I passed. Lou Dobbs was he like he was dead. The orages of system about Brady Quinn. You better believe I am 113. Man, what I would do to him. I could even begin to think of that. That's all seen would be. Lou Dobbs illegal immigration 74. Richard Malon's cave about the Clintons 41. Game men in Judy Garland. 20. You're fair. And Mel Gibson about the Jews 19. Oh, I. Jews are all over that poll. Like Stinkon. Jewish. Jewish. Jews. Jews. Stinkon the Jews. On the air. We do have that thing on our. Oh, here's one more thing. Yeah. Last night, I'm checking our my space page. And the show page here's a thing from a guy named Dave or David about 36 whatever on the motorcycle. And he says. Near your web page is so boring. What, you know, I know you can't put the naked pictures anymore. But can you like spice it up a little bit? You want me to answer that one? No. I blocked him. Ideally. And even though he can't, wouldn't hear it. I basically gave him a message last night. Oh, I. I did send a message, but then I didn't send it. I wrote this as if I just deleted him. I wish to tell him. I said that. Here's a great concept. If you don't like it, don't look at it. Right. Schmuck. But it's part of the song for it's part of the whole ambiance. You know, we don't like it. We don't like it. We're pissed off. We're like. Yeah. Anyway, it's 10. 13 at 5. 60. But if you weigh what's on the agenda today? I don't. Here it is. We got to go. Oh, I'll be the scheduled later. I'm too depressed now. I looked at this. Fuck, 12 Friday, you bastards. Come on. Next summer. Spider-Man 4. Spidey. Join forces with Steven Hawke. Spider-Man Hawke. I am Spider-Man. I will save you. What? What? What? What? Oh crap. That's going to leave him our friends right with you. Spider-Man 4. With Steven Hawke. Boys, translators and zoo cups for the first bit in fact. That person's sweatout. I broke my flipper. Fuck, he did. He did. Oh, there's a good story for us. So the car plunges into swimming pool and pours over the other. So I'm seeing it all the way. Look at that. Again, we don't have a lot of deep food. Who's outside video, panning over. She's great. You see a hubcap there. Just for good measure. But you can pretty much put together. There's one at the top. There's a real hippo. And I'm home the road. Okay. You can see it there. And it appears busted through that fence. It's red. So we're talking to the board. Just can you shout on the submarines right now? We don't know. Again, many details about this. We understand from our affiliate that the helicopter was actually on the way somewhere else and just spotted this. Well, last week saying there's a car in a swimming pool. All right. Big deal. You know what I have to say about a car in a swimming pool in David? Yeah. And in fact, that's what I have to say to Joe Bell. And the joys and the bush measly. And anybody else who know, I couldn't include that guy. See, one thing about me, you know, that whole mice-based thing. It can be a lot of fun and there's some wonderful people on there and yada yada yada. But when people want to send negative messages, just like that sound that I keep playing. Sure. Like that. And they want to do it on your mice-based. I just delete them. I don't have time in my life to beat. It's not bad enough. We get to crap here on the phone and we get it on the facts regime. But to think that I'm going to use my computer to read messages of hostility. Screw off. You know, get lost. You don't like to show go away. You know, like the website, go away. You know, like the mice-based-based take a hike. Take a good dump. Okay. Stick your foot deep inside your recto. And the laugh you're on soft. And... That too. I just have no time for that crap. Anyway, so very jackass. I better get this cranked up for you. Hey, Barry. After less than three years on the air, Barry writes. And in fact, the headline is the ticket passes WQAM. Wow. They got a book. They got a month actually. They got we beat them in February. We beat them in March. And of course, we're... Let me just before I go into Barry's column. I want to backtrack a little bit and give a little recent history. Maybe not that recent, but in the last year or two. Now Chris, I don't know if Chris was listening when this was going on. Dan L. Baxter, it is blog at the Hill. He started a little contest between the two stations, which was, you know, it was a very contrived. And of course, they were controlling it. He was on the inside and he works over there. So, you know, they had the inside deal on it. And they were executives over there also in the memo's out of which we got copies and read on the air. Oh, we're running this contest with QAn. Be sure in you and everybody, you know, and everybody in the phone book votes a thousand times for the ticket. And it was, yeah, what station you like better? Or this one or that one or the bookstore or the bastard or tanker? And so the, see this award is called Compete. Compete. CLNPTE. Compete. What do what means? See, I'm a believer in having, if you have good competition, it makes you better. I'm never been scared of competition, whether it was Rush, whether it was skier or America, but they've put everybody on the air through everything, but the kitchen sink in me over the years and all the different stations. And if you're going to be scared of competition, you know, prolonging in the business. And so it was the QAn reaction to Daniela Baxter's blog thing with the contest between, oh, just ignore it. And so I wasn't going to sit back and watch them pull for one of us while they're promoting the hell out of it over there. And so thanks to our friend Eric, Governor Lando, and thanks to our audience out there, we, a clouder, pretty good. We, we beat him. We made a comeback actually, they had a head start because they were all promoting it. And we did it without any assistance from anybody else on the air on the station because Clarence, who is he's the evil doer. I'm telling you right now, he is the evil doer. I mean, George is the evil doer and Naples, but I'm talking about inside the building. He's the one that needs to be taken out and put right with that car and about them that pool and held down there a long time several hours. Oh, don't respond to them. I'll I'm sure he didn't make that decision because he couldn't decide which hand a wife is asked with. I'm sure that management decided. Oh, well, gee, we don't want to respond to them. We don't want to bring attention to them, but, yeah. Now, wouldn't that have been nice if they had about 80's in votes and our people would have nothing? Would you know? Compete. That's why I'm saying, compete. Don't just sit back and assume, see, this is the problem in this radio station. They think they can assume their way through the rest of their existence. Oh, well, the sports station, as if, of course, is if that format is viable anymore, which it's not. But assuming that it was, where are the sports station? We've been now sports station for 17 year or whatever, you know. They don't promote, they don't compete, they don't do anything. They're just, they're like an vegetative state, Florida, a vegetative state, which sounds like a new body's even the years out. Like that, and also like, you can see that I'm standing. Anyway, here's what very Jackass, right? I just bring that up because it's a classic example of a way the passive way that this outfit just kind of like sits back. And also, they went, I've got the dolphins. Well, you know, something, if you want to spend a lot of money, you can go out and get anything. What is that going to do for it? And the guy with a voice that sounds like John Fesando, who does all these stintorian, Doha, Mondaya, all these things like, That guy, he's got a great voice, and those are very impressive a few times, but now they're getting to be annoying, you know. And let me say this to you, other than the people who already listen to the radio station, who else knows that we got to dolphins now? You see what I'm saying? Are those announcements going out to people tap it, I'm on a shoulder who don't listen to QAN? And don't know that we got this show on the ear for example in midday? Yeah, that's right. What could I possibly know? And I got news for a man. I got this huge pile of stuff in food that encoled our story and Bush and Cheney, Killedy, a high crime, all the other crap. I got a million things on it. And you know what? I mean, they're even getting to him today. Jesus, stop. Don't, don't, don't, don't keep going away. You're going here. Why not? I'm kidding, I'm being sarcastic. Are you start with the Queen and her bomb movements again? Oh, you should, you're not bad enough. I got you. I said, if you see on my ass, I got a little Georgian there. Oh, don't do this and don't do that. Go, there. There is anything interesting. Well, let me say one thing to you. Okay. Let's crank it up. As long as I can. How do you like that? That's my response to this morning, Mr. Anyway. Very jackass rights. The ticket passes WQAN. No, because, you know, here's Jolly Joe, cause we have blast Friday. We can go to Dale. Well, what do you think you're thinking? What do you think we ought to do? Yeah, I think you ought to have to have a bathtub and pull a plug. That's what I think you ought to do. Well, after less than three years on the year, Rights very seven-nine did a ticket as a conference. What some thought it wouldn't happen so soon if it all. It beat longtime sports radio king WQAN and the ratings. Didn't beat the Queen, though. And they keep doing this thing with the QM, you know. In the history of my life, I have never seen anybody writing article about radio and this Marker where they talked about the QM. That's not the sudden net. That's there. Like I said, everybody finds a story in a Lady Book. That's their story. That's really the first. The reason they got the big QM was Joe Rose for Christ's sakes. Anyway, during the ratings book covering January 11th, 24th, and amazingly in various calendars that all the same numbers I give on here, cause I don't make them up and we don't lie about them on this show. The ticket, which has a business relationship with the Miami-Herald Business Partnership, no kidding, Barry. You got your head so far up there, and your ass. It's coming out there eyeballs. Joe Moore, listeners, and WQM, and nearly every day part in the key demographic group for sports talk radio. Among men ages 25 to 54, the ticket finished 15th in the market with a 2.8 year, and QM was 18th with a 2.5. Breaking down the key races all in the key men 25 to 54 demo group, and he goes on to list, I mean, do I want to read all these? Have we already read, you know. I guess I will, so I'll do the break. How are we to it all, and you'll discover what those numbers sound just like the one you'll give out the other day? Because we don't, but we're the numbers. We may fight with Fudge Brown, especially now that we got the dolphin back, because she still airs anybody out? I've no idea. Now Chris, are you worried about that anymore? She's not there anymore. Well, Saben, the Saben regime got rid of her. Oh, the Saben regime. Well, there was a classy guy. The biggest name is the name. The biggest voice in this house. How about that? Thank you, Chris. And you're a special home for Miami Dolphin's full of all the time. Oh, my God. That's the world where you switch some ashes into the airs all the time. What's radio live 60? 2AM. Why do you first do? That's guilty. That's guilty. Talking on as word show. Try and do the macho. Your voice sounds good, life. A static year, older. Absolutely. A little sports show. What else are you there for? Girl be all the best. Talking like a baby. Who needs a little driving? That's right. You're on their stand. You don't sound like a man. We both know brother, that's that joke. Your stroke, come, you can't be that. Getting that down. You're lucky management doesn't care. Because you don't belong there on the air. And you're the sports can't wait till your voice cracks. All cinnamon one who sounds like that should find another job. And they should only take you back when both your babies dropped. I can't be. Get me. When you're on a roll up. You make us want to throw us. You're still a squeaky fool. Go to broadcasting school. Your free, you best if boys. Thank you. Sound like a punch. You're a punch. You're a punch. You're a punch. Don't get me started. And here's the schedule for the day. That's why I played that. Guilty from food for the sample. No man, dog today. We got Guilty. Why he's on to the for the sample because he's finished his boyfriend. That's why. Oh, parents and his boyfriend. That's basically how long have I been screaming about that yelling. And that's why I'm going to be like, oh, I said, I said, I said, for you're in a half I've been screaming about all these things. Oh, but it'd be pretty good. But it would put about the bump bump bump bump. Wow. Then we got to power our with Hank for the five. We got seven tanks at oxygen to see if we can't resuscitate Hank. Five to six thirty. It's a hopper solo. Well, he's solo for the six thirty. I mean, why do they even have that on the schedule? This is a program director. Make believe PD. You can't even make a schedule. Right. There's no mad dog today. So there's no freaking power. There's Hank for the six thirty. That's a schedule like the ballgame yesterday. We had a raise. Holy hell. We had to get a freaking search party and a flashlight in the cup. So Claire's been figuring out the game was it new yesterday. You've cycled in clearance. You're fair. Exactly. I've one thing to say to him. Then we got Marlon's on deck at six thirty. Marlon's at Washington to play the nats at seven. Five as in hung luck and that. And then gain it with any K following the ballgame. Okay. Let's take a look at today's pool. And then I'll go back to this very jackass thing, which I may spend the whole four hours on it. Or I just might do it because I'm just all whipped up. It just pisses me off. I mean, the people who operate this place. Do they really want to compete or are they just really that stupid? See, I know I put a good smile on my face. I'm just I'm just a person. I'm just a person. I'm just a person. I'm just a person. I'm just a person. I'm just a person. I'm just a person. Yeah, I'm good. Yeah, I'm good. That'll teach you. God is punishing you for your evil hostile nasty, hateful ways. And forgetting on that rubber rack in the first place. You'll be sorry. I know. I think one of these pool looks here. Okay. Whatever that means. They've been 40. We got a thousand less Chris. You can just relax. Just sit back and inhale some oxygen. No calories. No carbs. I hate ice cream, Mr. And you know what? I don't really care if anybody doesn't like it too bad. Just like my going to wood bind. He's got a gambling problem at Rogers. Right. Oh, brother. What's the source for most of your porn or what passes for pornography? Oh, not nude people doing all those things. 840 votes. The internet 539 far and away. 64% say the internet. How do you like that? Well, now what is Norman Kent say? This could get the serious admits. It's employees told receiver makers to flout the FCC's Interference rules. Norma says this could get them jail time. I wonder if the president of serious is going to be on so that guy can He's seen again. The sat cast is serious. It's serious person who'll request it manufacturers to produce serious radios. They were not consistent with the FCC's rules. They're not disclosing which employees with the numbers are not high in the chain to command it goes. Series is also not saying if any of those employees have been fired. How do you like that? And they're paying the executives at his dollars. They're losing money. They're just hemorrhaging money. But nevertheless, we don't care about them. Although I would like them to be around. And you know, you're in a half. You're not going to say. Like you're in two thirds, we'll be good. Yeah. I'm serious. What's the source of most you're porn? $539.64% almost two thirds are getting most of their porn off the internet. What did this grace and what a good time it is for all. DVD's 87. I don't watch porn 73.8 points. It was 80.8 points for it all. Right. Your mama. Your mama's so is socks and hell. My imagination 47. It was just by imagination. Videos set of 33. Keeping another people's windows. 30. But third man. Keeping another people's windows. It was all right. Well, I remember that show with Wally Cox, Mr. Peeper as you just had to wait before your time. But he did it with Marlon Branden. There it is, pentation baby. It was just not imagination. But who doesn't like the pentaties? Oh, I don't know. Probably some, no one I know there. Probably the bees. I don't know. When I want to see the bees. Can't live like Victoria's Secret Fortune. Actually, the magazines like Playboy and hustle are loving. Comic book. You are such a bad. Comic books for and soft core magazines like FHM and Maximum and Silver 2. What's FHM? I don't even know what that is. For him magazine. Oh, I thought the F-stood for something else. It's soft core is no good. At least the American version. Have a nice day. He's in the list. Do you remember him? In the FBI. The FBI would FM symbolize junior. And what's his daughter's name? She's a... I don't know. Stephanie's in the list? Yeah. I guess I don't know. 845 votes on a pool. The internet foreign away. And of course this business of looking at porn on the internet. What could possibly be wrong with that? Okay. Anyway, let's get back to a very the fairy here on the Harold Viller in Southwest relationship. Making the same old pirate stories. They're younger. They're having a... It's really interesting. We must have gotten off the old name. We must have gotten off the young between December and January. Now that's the interesting part of that whole philosophy. It's so stupid. You have to be a moron, very. But of course that's the proper game that they've been feeding for a long time. And so he do defle right to the nerve because whatever they tell, very. In fact, they might even write the article and very just puts his name on it. Hey, Barry. You're fairery. The brown bag kid from the Harold. In morning grab the tickets to the roast finish. Ten to the market with a 3.2. I'm not going to read the cue numbers because they're... It's just... it's ridiculous. And nobody reports the cue numbers. But that's okay. Because cue them distance. The total number of people you reach in a week. The average quarter hours when anybody cares about. Because that's how many people you're reaching at any given moment. Not how many people may listen for five minutes a week. And who cares about that? The cue my eyes very. Anyway, Joe Rose finished ten for the three two. QMs. Kenny Walker and Kim Boakham for work twenty first with a one point eight. A one point freaking eight. Oh my god. And then he writes no one to WQM wants to hire roast for its morning show. Rose who's seven ninety contract runs through September one indicated he has made a decision. He better come back over here. And what did I say when a blue his ass out there when Greg weed lied to him and lied and stalled around and wouldn't you know. Yeah. And so over more times on both stations and you can then Carter's got liver pills and the meantime he's gets the numbers. And I said on the air then and I'll say it again now. That's when they really that was when they broke this thing into a million pieces. And what did they do that for so they could put the Howard Stern show on here and Dan your lose the license. And slice that thing up with Swiss cheese and bleeping and beeping and buzzing and buzzing and and bleeping and yeah and play music over the fart sounds just just craziness. Act of lunatics and by the way Joyce had her finger deep inside of that. Back to the show too. If she was there when they did that. I mean it wasn't bad enough for real almost lost in license. So let's put on the stern show. Yeah. And after the unwrap between four and seven. Jim that it's in headgober had a slightly higher share than the ticket stand of bastard and John weirstugos. See here's the thing they're talking about stugos like he belongs on here. Just like we talk about him like he belongs on here. See that's not competing that's just capitulating that's just putting Francis Boyfriends on here and who aren't even going to be here. But the ticket had more listeners and there goes with the cum again. So the power our head the three seven they had a three five that's the power between four and five that's my my brain trust. And then here's a classic line to show that great doesn't even understand the ratings. Here's how that can happen. And measuring shares are for trying heavily factors in life of time people listen. The cumulative audience numbers don't take that into account. It's not going to do with the heavily factor it in. It's got to do with that's the factor okay match factor great factor. That's what it's all about. Schmuck he don't even understand how they do it. Also telling once managed less the year at five goldbergs numbers drop. Oh boy. Five or seven. That was fun. I don't know what he's laughing about. Doesn't sound fine to me. It sounds like. From five to seven. The last year and we know we're fifth. Why does it keep saying that in weiner? He I mean. Oh god. Fifty the market with a four point five share compared with Goldbergs 2.0 which ranked 14th which. Is all he said about that when he come right down with. Fourteenth. Must have been. What's his name that. The the scout he's always got on. The scout. The the the the being. The scout. Oh. From two to four John Schmuck. And this did Rosenbergstein crannst through a higher share than managed two seven to a two three. Even though Neo Rogers had a higher share than the tickets combo of Sean B. Rosenberg 10. And to two p him four point one to two two two two. It sounds like almost doubled to me. The tickets to price me had more listeners than he goes into the queue again. Yadiada which doesn't mean anything. They got a two two period. You know you can try to you can try to dolly it all up and put it all on it and dress it all up and. Well two two is a two. That's a rating that's what people buy that's what the bonus is based on. That's the number. The average quarter. That's correct. Not the quim. Q and attract a higher cue audience in the ticket only one time slot five to seven. A and one Orlando the big old who's rock solid at a higher share than me for which who's hated by all four. Oh to a two five and more listeners to and they go to the queue and crap again. Or let me do the break and then comes the best part. Don't overstate the impact of the ticket was in the oven versus as you continue sucking and. Oh my god. It's a very. Enough of the sucking. You're going to put the brown bag down people are laughing at you. You're fair. Q a and. Hey there you. I still. All right. The you like. You like. And hockey. Or you like. You like. You're fair. You leave the like to skip and kiss your left. Or you like. You like. You leave the like boxing. A word is wane. Or you like Broadway. You are a. All my friend. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You. You. The whip has. And have a. On your bicycle. Or you. Like pizza pie. And ham on ride. Without the pickle. You. And work on. And fight it. So when you walk to Sasha. Cause you. You are straight. All my friend. You. Okay. Cause I don't see. I'll be. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Oh. Oh my. You. It's. The answer for our problems. And tomorrow we have. You. Ah, horse ball archaeological repair Ready for new Philipus. Cecilia. We have. That's why people listen to radio shows. That's why people watch TV shows. That's why people go to watch certain movies because they want to be entertained. They want to be amused. They want to be informed. They want something that might stimulate their mind, their brain, their film. That too. Anything. But what were did you say that you heard it? Back to him. You're going to get him involved in this too. I got something to say to him. The payback everybody is swindle while I'm money for it. I'm too Larry. You've gone back to the lake. Anyway. That's what people want. I know that comes a great shock. Especially here. But here we go. All they want to hear is the ball scores. They want to hear who the most macho guys that are waiting in there in the locker rooms. Look at all the players' private. That sounds real macho to me. Idiots. We are surrounded by a sea of idiots and we're drowning like I told you. Even the best women in the Titanic. Guess what happened to them. They drowned their dead. 868 votes on the pool. What's the source for most of your porn? Or what passes for porn? I don't really know for sure what that means. What passes for porn. What does that see? A lot of people don't think that porn means what it means. In other words, looking at the JC penny catalog most people would be porn in that form. But of course it is. It's whatever cranks your shot. Listening to a guilty on the air, that could be pornographic. The internet at 560, 64.5% of the people out there getting their porn from the internet's baby. There's lots of it on there. Over here, over there. I'll take a look at that. Wow. DVD's 91. I don't watch porn. 74. 8. I don't watch porn. Period. Yeah. My imagination 49. It was just, I can't stop thinking about that. Don't play it again. I won't. Videos 33. Keeping another people's windows still. I'm not good man. I don't know why I find that so funny. But about 30. Well, we got a lot of desperate folks out there. So if you look after Winter late at night and you and you were a partner are involved in clenching and clenching and the humping and pumping and went. And you look after Winter as a pair of eyes looking at, it won't be the neighborhood possible. It'll just be the neighbor. Just to get in their jolly. So let them have a good look. Cat logs like Victoria's Secret 14. X-rated magazines like Playboy and Hustler 11. Well, what does that mean? X-rated magazines. Do magazines have ratings since when? Whatever. Why did it make this point? Yeah, that's probably one of the Charlie B's. Yeah, Charlie B. Charlie, you'd be having some problems. Comic folks for. Well, what does that mean? Comic folks have pornography? There are, I guess. I mean, that's really like stick figures. Oh, I guess I'll be depending what they're sticking over this stick in it. Hey, different comic folks. Or in soft court magazines like F.H.M. F.M. and Maximum. It said were two. I'll wait 78. We got a thousand made in the shade. Don't worry about it. Chris, just sit back there with a big smuggler from your face and enjoy a real rant today. You got a four hour rant coming up from the old queen. Can you handle it? Yeah. Hey, take that hotline calm. Oh, I'm bitch of that. I forgot all about that. I bet so that's my good buddy, Ricky. Hey, Neil, how are you? It's Jimmy Hummel. How are you doing? Jimmy Hummel. Fine, thank you. Was this it today? That was it? It's a good comment. Come on, come on, one more show man. No, no, it's time. It's done. I'm going one week. I'm sorry? One more week. No, no, no, no. I've been dealing with this, you know, mentally for quite a while. And the lead-up to today has been very emotional as you might imagine. You know, 50 years is a lot of water under the bridge. It's over. That's 50 years in the business. Yeah. Yeah. I started my first job in radio was in 1960, so that would be a 47. So I'm not that far behind you. No, you're right, close. That's what I came to survive. I'm not a Nazi. Ha ha ha. Remember those days? Oh, is the audio indeed. Yeah. You got a good memory for an old fart. I'll say that. Let's play this in honor of. Well, how active. I can phone this morning on magic. When you are, I'm telling your inspiration. I'll just other old farts. I'll say that. Well, thank you very much, Neil. I appreciate that. It's been a fun run. I'm going to stay with the children's fun. Keep doing that. You know, there's some other stuff around the station. Do commercials and what have you. But just not give up at four o'clock. That's killing me. Oh, I don't know how to have you did that. I would do that. They offered me a, I just a ton of money to do more in this station about a year ago. Yeah. Well, forget about. You could offer me 10 minutes. That's the one. Well, you make more money doing mid days and most people make doing the morning show. Well, what can I tell you? No comment about that. That's the only reason I'm here. So how did it go this morning? Did you like breakdown in the cry like a baby or how did it go? Well, you know, there were some tears. But I really did a whole lot better than I thought I was going to. We had a lot of very emotional phone calls and the kids. K called up and the saying songs and all of that. And we had a bunch of old things that I had produced along the way that we had. A lot of memories. It was really a very fun morning, but a very emotionally draining one as you might suspect. You know, I'm looking forward to my last show. Blast going to be a barnburner. I will be there for your last show deal. I can't. It's coming soon, by the way. But I'm not that soon. No, come on. I think you're going to resign. Are you going to extension on it? Yeah. I'm going to put an extension on it. I'm going to call the cone. I'm going to become a cone head. So what are you going to do now that like you've naturally sleep in stuff like that? Yeah, well, that's the main thing. It was just really getting to me that it's that early 4 a.m. week up call. We're just getting to be a real dragon. We like the crew. So I'm going to take a crew seven day someplace. Not sure when or where, but that's one of the priorities. And like I said, I'm going to crank up the children's fund. I kind of made that my passion. You know, helping me kids and South Florida through the charity at the radio station. And it's been a very rewarding experience. So I like to do that. It helps a lot of kids and that's where I'm going to spend most of the time. See, I always hear from people. If you were tired, you're going to shrive up and die. We'll soon. Yeah, I know. You want to be anything to do. Just keep busy. I guess is the message. Well, I said, you need to reason to get up in the morning. You got to have that cause out there. Something to do. You're absolutely right. A lot of people have told me the same thing. So I'm sensitive to that. I'm going to stay busy. And you know, not going to just dry up and be approved. You know, I try to send you a message. I've found out your mice face. Net them things screwed up. I clicked send the message and it won't. It doesn't work. Really? Yeah. Where's the radio station? On your mice face page. Oh, my space. You want to my buddies on your man. You want to my 80 million buddies. Oh, yeah. I know. I signed up for you. I want to try to send you a message. But it wouldn't go through. So don't think I'm ignoring you. Okay. That's cool. I talked to George this morning. He called. And I told him. And I'll tell you to. I believe the George doing part time. Why he does is better than most people doing full time in talk. He he he doesn't get the credit. He deserves. He does a great job. Of course inside of building. It doesn't get any credit because they hate him like poison. And because Johnny Joe Bell wants to put tapes on when I'm not. It's just it's just pathetic the way they treat people. But then again, you know the business. What did he do? What did he do with it? Move on. And otherwise, what you're trying to say is the business really blows. I mean, I. I look at this. It's been good to me. I can't. I can't complain. But it's a well, I don't want to go out on the sour note after 50 years. I keep a big smile on your face and all that other stuff, right? You got a deal. Pretend they treated you great. Yes, sir. Absolutely. Well, listen, congratulations, my friend. You really deserve all the good stuff and come your way. Well, thank you so much. I'm having a big to do with Gulf Stream tonight and looking forward to that. And going on a cruise and having some fun. And I'll stay in touch with you. Deal. You are your my God. You're my idol. Please do it. And listen, wash off that can't be for your hand over. And I got a. You're going to pass it over tonight. And it's a big time. You can't touch. Make best of luck to you. Thank you. Perfect. By right. Take care. Right. Shaw who actually peed all over George is like this. I still touched by that because, you know, he's a guy. You know, which he was a good guy. You're good people in the group. We're up with him. There's some nasty people in business. Oh, they're talking about when he's got a role from him. Well, there you go. He's going to be missed. That's for damn sure. Ricky Tickin and new guy who comes in boy. Wow. How do you like to be that big? She was nothing. I know what that feels like. This is the new Roger show. This is your brain. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go and question. You got a bill. They fill in back. You're in depth up to your eyeball. I eyeball. Well hang on to your wallet because this radio station is going to pay those bills. Cash you. No matter how much money you owe, we can take care of it. Just keep listening. And would you hear this sound? They're even sevens color. I'm a listener line. And we'll pay your bill. winners debt will be paid in full by this radio station winner will end Oda's radio station before some of those debt subject below daily interest rate of 37% said some will be collected by station representative Joe tonight Cosmina winner is obligated to pay and or pony up or risk having both their knees broken with the baseball back continued on payment will result in winners sleeping with the pitch and boys of this radio station and their families are not eligible to have their debt stay their knees broken or sleep with a pitch isn't less they do so on their own time cash your silk out people is no way it's a lot of it's a lot of it's a lot of it's a lot of it's a lot of it's a five sixty wc and happy Friday so we had to be humble Rick Shaw on here there for a few minutes and he's hung it up this morning I was at fifty years on the air and a zillion years in this market and so somebody sends me this facts from all of this was an article in hero rockin rock and south of radio it says do you know the rich show work in wcum away back yes we do any yes we were in the tiger in 2000 when he wrote the following article in some photo history the official publication of the historic museum of southern photo about south of meridie market early days is anybody remember those days will he does because he's all just like me anyway this is a this would be pretty interesting it goes back to when radio really meant something and when people are you know when there were people in it and running it knew something about radio something about broad casting which unfortunately they're much of that around anymore he's not gonna say that because why would you say that on your way out you know he's gonna grow a big smile on his face don't let the rain be your what's up craft the joys to sell the time let us small be your brother probably you're umbrella and stick it up your but that's what you use to say anyway so good back to very jackass column he says don't overstate the impact of the ticker losing the dolphins because the ratings book did not cover any of the often season it's clear that the ticker or made a formidable competitor to the mcum even after losing fins games that's right they had one month out of one book that goes to them up there and that makes them a formidable competitor to anybody I'm gonna tell you who our work competitor is okay ourselves that's our competitor we are the enemy we've seen the enemy and the enemy is us I don't want to get like melodramatic but that I mean that's accurate that's absolutely correct Neil thank you then Barry goes on to say to iraculate I am gonna do maybe the whole four hours on this you know I mean you're always don't glober's contract expires at the end of the year in WCM general manager Joe Bell Joe Bell somebody needs to ring his bell okay and wake his ass up his fat ass up had nothing to say about his long term future meaning the hump the nodding that he'll speak with goldberg in his agent stay tuned Barry writes stay tuned see if we can get enough oxygen my bastards impressive and rating suggest young listeners are drawn to the humor the clever offbeat bits and some of the pop culture chatter that's become a staple of a show I mean not just because they talked to guys that were jacks drabs and people like all the time that's what that's what these people don't understand we we are surrounded by and you've been screaming about it since even before I came in the door there people who all they know is ball games and scores and give me the ball and give me the ball on 9 11 they're flying build planes into the world trade center and we got guilty on how are we gonna say about we gotta talk about sports well bastards growth one front inside of the QMS that the station needs to develop more young host one thought inside QAN well I wonder who gave that kind of crap because like I said everybody was the same age back in December when we were number one and then all of a sudden if we got we all in January when we had a really bad month and they got a bunch of wired diaries across the street I don't think that necessarily is the problem although we might have some people arguing a little bit close to the end that was a query 40 is by far the youngest host of the daily show on QAN conversely the tickets got five daily host of our 40 or younger Rosenbergstein cranks labastered weiner aka stew vats who doesn't belong on here to say hello or goodbye shambi and Kevin Rogers and nobody ever heard of who's evening show easily out through a combination of games and talk shows under the QAN and of course he doesn't understand hockey games and the talk shows on QAN hockey which had basically no number anybody could tell you that I'm not gonna have any hockey after this year we're not gonna have any marlins after this year and the way things are going right now if you'll be able to get off his bed as we're not gonna have any audience after this year but that's just him you know and the beesleys enjoys two under 30 long term options for QM would be even cone well I said another sarnies not right in any more in a son sentl very jackass picking up the ball for having cone he must be servicing a lot of the sports writers in town we try to about in fact is he on again this weekend oh yes something he's on from 9 to 11 Sunday morning Evan Cohen tune in and you'll hear why it's not a good idea and he has pn radio 760 hoast in palm beach of his part time QM work and manages producer critters Steven son critters is okay Chris is a good job on here but what was that mean what is he gonna do is he gonna be doing morning drive I don't think so is he gonna be doing afternoons said QM's Joe Bell this is the tenth book that tickets been on here this is the first time they've beaten us and very slightly at that 9 and what is a pretty good record we spotted 790 stubots weiner we continue to go up they continue to go down we're one and old ratings books that have come out in the last week ah ha ha ha ha ha wow that's really something that's like a picture loses on nine games in a row many finally wins a game says I'm one and old and last game in like that like the ablugies you know the lost nine and roughly win the next game hey we won one and a row adaboy stugots your genius who's better rich daddy just like you'll findberg does and they're playing radio they're playing radio but you know what at least at least they know how to compete they go out there they got billboards all over time the ones with the uh pigeon droppings and you notice how many comments we've had about that mostly from stupid people who don't understand that that's the way right we're just not being seen to them they're being seen they are being seen they're growing attention and they're doing and their QM keeps going up because they are promoting and they keep expanding their audience our people keep dying or going away or moving away and moving away more power to them that's what's going on with this radio station and we have a bunch of people a bunch of sports Josh sniffing fool sitting around will always us will us rubbing their hind legs together one region what's going on over what's going on is you're not you're not drawing any new audience it's just incredible to me that anybody who really is serious about competing in this business again there's that word one more time competing uh things to think the last time they had any promotion at all was it I think we had billboards two years ago over two years ago am I correct about that could I remember when they were regular steel or butchering to place up and breaking it into a million pieces busting the egg on the ground and then joke came along like I said in the stomped on it and all the you know the size of a piece of the idea whether he just smacked in a new million tiny bits here's the pull result let's do a source from most of your poor nine oh three i'm not getting anything in nine oh three i just want to keep you versatile to keep by Chris on his toes maybe Chris can do a show maybe uh Josh court is can do a show maybe we can find some other kids out on their night i do a show to that would you if they were talking about for you it would have to know about sports and no obviously can't be had a show is an art about sport i i forgot why two of the staff knew we got that i don't want to start slicing and icing we're about a bunch of people but you know i mean where is it where is the beef baby where's the meat and the fact that i don't and we got a show on Saturday more on night called jox draft some ten three to one what is that show about Chris it's kind of a um comedy sports type of a thing i guess you would call it oh good somebody might listen to that no no well who does it uh sky tom Alexander i think he does other tom Alexander i think that's his name some like that who the hell is that he does other things for us and so kind of like as a payoff we put the show on well what does that mean is it so in other words because he does he does what things for us he's servicing some of our people what are you talking about i don't know i just remember Josh telling me one Saturday when we were working on a um came game working in a came game that you know guys coming in you know after he was he said we do we he does something for us i don't know if it's spots or production or what is he does he does he put it out the 12th of a weekend on the uh rickety janitor right there i mean what are you talking about he does something for us so they're playing put up a down here something yeah exactly so we put his show on the show called jox draft yes oh my god i'm not gonna waste any more time i'm gonna get in my pile okay i'm gonna get into my show because if i sit here and do all four hours on this i'm just gonna have a stroke right here on the air i mean what's the point you know because i don't do it anymore i have stopped doing that well what's the point these people are what they are they're not gonna change and not gonna wake up Monday morning and get smart all of a sudden and you can't tell him anything you can't tell him anything and like i said you this as far as all of the which are rickety heard about the talk about extending my contract there are two chances of that happening anytime in the future none and much less than on and this whole concept that joe bell is obsessed with tapes it's kind of like it's it's it's like and he has a debt wish for this radio station everything that we've done it's ever failed he's all for it anything we've done this ever good like putting George out when i'm not uh on you know in the summertime whenever he's against it the day that there's a kneel tape on the urn this radio station will be a cold day in purgatory i'm telling you that right now and then that's just to do with you i'm just telling you know how i feel about tapes they're in a portion they're crap with it's reason they fail in addition to which they're dated they're dated last time they were playing tapes that we do an alien in a pope okay tapes that were to outdated a hundred years ago okay stuff that nobody uh ever heard of before they spread the material fin that rehashing uh olds and the idea that they're gonna have a tapes of me reading on Friday on a tape of stuff i read on monday stories that are older than the mithu's was great grandmother you have to be a crazy person to think we're gonna be doing that what can we do to screw up this show too what can we get it down yeah like i said when you're on the Titanic no matter how good a swimmer you might be you're gonna drown and that's that's what's going on it's just a stop and and normal can't you see the kind of guy i got working for me he's busy sending messages about serious and about uh this one did this and this one did then what's that got to do with the press of beans in the fact we have no promotion on the show or on any show on a station and like i how many times have i said it even if Kenny and Beau were doing a phenomenal morning show which is not but even if they were who the hell would know it right how about a sandwich board i'm Lincoln road mall how about hiring how about getting uh a maddie bellback he's a little guy he's a magic just a sandwich board over his ass and let him run up and down and Lincoln road mall say wqa i'm some a five sixty turn on you might like something we doubt it but you might because all this is about guys who play games and get all sweat it up and take showers together and begin to ball what's the score and how is the what's his name doing that's basically it and you have session with these with these segments with these guests and having these people on reading these live spots and doing 50 minute breaks and 80 minute breaks i mean all the things with the spots the biggest name the best. We got a lot of spots though they do read seven years later i still can't imagine all spots are you okay with just taking our effort for sports ready all spots are exciting. well i'm gonna show you what a big ass and i wish to hear in hot you don't even find somebody good enough to fill my baking pants. amazing. i know Jason i love to be coming back. i'm excited considering a little greater than counteract. if you want to know what i'll say if i'm shut that transmitted sound okay what can we do dude why that's easy already this now oh From Twitter, tell me how I was doing eatas. What are you going to do by serving like this Ignorted Ha Cemha? 1198 on smash and argue that getting into K with the 75th City WQM fairly good What are you going to do really bad things for buckling? Welp it's very jackass you see when I of notifications you see expectation in direct sales. And then that's the interesting part of the whole thing is that they've got your labasters on the station and they've got great co-texers on the payroll over there is on their all the time and they write stuff about them. We got all these other losers. What are they write about QWM? They're writing any glowing articles in it. I wrote Windbag and Alex Marvez and who the other ones in the E. I'm an Asia-School Nick whatever that kid's name is. What do we got? What do we benefit from that? They got the media in their pocket. And so Barry Jackass gets your honor in your right to a bunch of swill about well, you know, younger and hip-er and inside the building at QWM. I mean, I inside the building my ass. Okay. How many broadcasts have you got inside the building where it's still alive? You know, so I added that thing there within where it's still alive. I don't know anybody. I never twenty six votes on that. Well, this is the hour we go over a thousand. That's what I predict. And then after that, then they will fear us man. I'm turning that right now. They got a two-two in midday in a very up-foot for them. They were skewed by a wild January. Right away, all of a sudden, there's a big story. Oh, I got more than this. There's any arraggies. And blah blah blah blah blah blah. Yeah, you should live so long. Okay, loser. And in the meantime, do we compete? Do we like a go-out there? Do we like a two-hour horn a little bit? I think somebody's two little something on this place and it's kind of in it with promoting the station. You know what I mean? Too much to-do and go-on-on. Now enough root and to-do and just too much to-do. You know what I'm talking about? No. That sounds like- Exactly what it sounds like. Oh, brother. WKWA and hello. You know. Yes, it's wrong. But if I was like right now. Great. We're real happy for it. WKWA and hello. Hey, no. Yes, sir. Hey, fellow, no. Somebody can do those do-nurs off the air in the morning. The station doesn't look round, follow-oh-oh. WKWA and hello. Hello. Hello, bang. Hello, bang. Hello, bang. WKWA and hello. WKWA and hello. Okay. Let me just take it right now. Okay. Okay. I'm reaching over. I'm shutting that baby off. Oh, please don't. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, no. Whatever you do, don't get less. I am real sick in town. I've been doing this a long time. I've worked on a lot of radio stations. I've been doing talk shows for a very long time. And when the management people and your agent are both in different Enablevias and sit on their fat asses. Oh, geez. Wait. Screw it. Okay. I consider in Babel and Reed and Rambelon and WKWA play bits and for four hours every day. I need that phone. Like I need bleeding big jogging and a swole and hammer lights. That's what I need that phone for. Okay. And didn't I say that a long time ago? We were doing fine. I wasn't taking the calls back in the fall with no call and had a lot of balls. Oh, well, Charlie Joseph. It's so much better that way you interact with the call. All four of them. Right. All the colors. All four of them. Hi, Ron. Chai, Chamba. Hi, Ron. Why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why. Why, why, why, why not put them on the ear from two to four of the staff knows you're being an improvement with that if they talks for what they would be. That's right. Maybe they can talk some sports. Hey, Ron. What about the Dolgen's run? Joe Val, you are just abismal. And that's the kind of thing. In fact, you know something out of no, I'm going to go into a thing about him. I just have a message for him. Yeah. In case you missed the first time. This is strong. You're going to be the one. You're going to like the tornado. You're going to tell our hurricane. I'm 33 in the pool. But we've got a lot of spots. As long as they can make money and keep paying the payroll, that's all we care about. We've got a lot of spots. We got spots up the old back dome knows. Conservatives who paid $55 last night to your punted and quarter that nasty, skaky right wing, self-hating, duck bitch. Dear and quarter, bad, not liberal Democrats in our ideas were not disappointed. What a surprise. The author of Godless The Church of Liberalism spoke to a crowd of about 400 at 7 Evangelical Seminary in Matthews, North Carolina. She called former president Bill Clinton a rapist. Refer to the chubby little legs of his wife Hillary. And she said she likes to refer to Senator Barack Obama as, Be hosts who's saying Obama. Sipping die token between her one two and three liners, Colter also invited presidents and governors to ignore insane decisions by federal and state courts, including the Supreme Court. She also said that while she wouldn't justify killing doctors or working abortion clinics, she could understand how some people erupt in rage at their inability to stop a bashings. Some of Colter's most popular comments were about religion. She called the United States a Christian nation and dismissed Darwin's theory of evolution as a crock. The only thing I like in a crock is French and in soup. That's what I like in a crock. Other comments, some of my link will may not be familiar to you. I'm more of the political world when I say liberal, I mean the devil. She says. Two words for anyone who says President Bush's Presence is a failure. Roberts and the leader refer to the mood justices on the Supreme Court who helped tilt the court to the right. When the middle of a relentless Republican sugarnaut, she said when the accepted Bill Clinton, who's newly open presidential libraries, the first ever to contain an adult's only section, when the exception of the decadent before Clinton, Republicans have controlled the White House for a quarter of a century. They've reported that. Don't let Democrats anywhere near foreign policy, she said, there's always conflict of interest when people who really don't like America are arrested defended. For 50 years that Democrats have harbored traders, lost countries to communism, lost continents to communism, and referred to flag waving as an epithet. The United States of America is a Christian nation. All men are created equal. We're just saying they got that Islam? No. And on GOP presidential candidates, other than don't get a hudder I hate them all. She said, well, that's something. It's a scam. He bitched 400 people paid 55 bucks to see her talk clap. And you wonder why the world is going to hell in a hand basket? And I keep telling you, don't worry about it. Enjoy your life. Have a good time. Screw your brains out. That's all. I'm just telling you. I'm trying to convince things to make a lot of sense to me. Speak in a screw in your brains out. How's that pull coming? What's the source for most of your porn or what passes for it? 937 vote. We're doing okay on there. We're doing just fine. Spread the word by the way. The New Roger show is still on its still legendary. It's on 560 QM tend to Monday through Friday. Go out and get a billboard and walk up and down, lick and roll them all up and on the The saw grass and the purple parrot entrance. And let a few people know about it. It just doesn't exist in me. You, and of course, when they do it, a little bit of promotion, which is a really promotion when they put ads in the like the heat, your book, or I mean what do they call those things? I don't know. I don't know. Program. Oh. Or the dolphin program. They don't even put this show in there. We're not listening because it's not as far as I know. And why would anybody want to listen to the Roger show? The internet 602 DVDs 94. I don't watch porn 82. How about in your DVDs? I'm imagination 53. Keeping other people's windows 37. And what is that bit? Keeping, we can't keep it. Keeping to the keyhole and no, we can't. Good night. It was a good one. Of course, that's another thing. We can't keep it. But that's, I didn't even get that far. Like I said, I'll continue after the break. Keeping another thing. Keeping other people's windows 37. Some videos 35. Catalogs like Victoria Secret 14. X-rayed magazines 13. Comic books 4. How about X-rayed comic books. And saw core magazines. Solumente quattro. We have the banana republic baby. Only in Miami. And now that's himself in 2016. And morning show crowd. Furthering our ratings by programming for our friend. You know what I watch a game? I want to be left alone to enjoy my man fantasy. I want to be left alone to enjoy my man fantasy. I just want the other 50,000 people in this stadium. And to just disappear or die or something. You know, like black someday. Sure. That's the situation. Look, whenever I sit like giant as doubt on a bleacher. I want to drink my beer and enjoy the game. Oh, yeah. How do I enjoy a sports event as an important and exciting topic to discuss in our morning show. Hey, guys. There's a tornado warning. It's a situation. I expect to stay that alone. Long to the men's room. I'd like to bring my own bottle. I'm like a wall for NATO's approaching the station too. I had no story NATO. I'm just letting her do her job as to know the audience not informed. That's the situation we've got. Okay. We have a comedian joining us on the show tomorrow. I'm Milton Cayman, Junior. Yeah. Now this guy is a first class comedian. I mean, he'll have you in stitches. Hey, sports related you. Oh, sure. I mean, not like that. Like political or anything complicated like a situation like that or anything. Yeah. So tune in tomorrow for some sideaking laughter with Milton Cayman, Junior. Hey, think we deliver a good product on this radio. Oh, yeah. Yes. This radio thing. What they say? We scored a one in the good book. Yeah. We'll see man. We're number one. We're number two. 11.325.6. Happy Friday, too. We got guilty for the man dog at two. I know. I know. Hey, listen, life isn't perfect. What can I say? The Vatican is removed the Roman Catholic priesthood from the Roman Catholic priesthood. Two minutes serving in southwest Ohio. After considering evidence that they essentially used children. The art sizes of Cincinnati City yesterday. They sexually abused children. Must be not the one of these isolated incidents. I think. Or much of them. Kenneth Schottmer and Richard unwinn have been permanently moved from the clerical state. I put Benedict the 16 with his fancy little gay red shoes. Schottmer is a former pastor Queen of P. Church in Milville and unwinn is former pastor at St. John the Baptist Church in Tiff City. Can you tip this? And a former teacher at Baden High School in Hamilton, Ohio. They're good men of the cloth. They like to dilute with your kids. That's all I can tell you. You can take it to the bank right now. That phone thing is shut off. What I might actually do over the weekend. Just so I'm not tempted to dittle with that phone anymore. I might just take the box here and just disconnect and put it away in the closet. And the monitor too. All of the monitors kind of spiff you up on top of the deck here with all this stuff. Yeah, it looks good up on there. You know, it's probably a meeting radiation when I have a turned on. I don't think I'll ever turn it on again. Now I've threatened to do that many, many times before, but when you're like only four or five people and this is this is their life. You know, I'm saying that. I have to go back in the most to point. They're excused for one. But what is the point? I give up. You can try and exercise. I don't need it. The show is better without it. I don't care what kind of stuff. Oh, that's so much better when you get Reverend John John. Wow, John our days. Yeah, that's very entertaining. Very limiting entertaining. This place needs a blueberry animal. I'm telling you that right now, somebody's got to bring in the long shoe and I'll go out and buy the blueberries. Because obviously, they're not going to spring forward anything you're cost like an extra. Like how's that thing coming at for the a fast machine? It's coming. It is. What were you another? So it's Christmas, baby. The drum. Banging that drum slowly. Buy the drum slowly. Remember that son? Buy the drum slowly. Yeah. I love their industry quarter. I'm sorry in 441. It's in a cup. Pick an up collection right by Chuck Simpson. Buy the drum slowly. We're out there collecting. So see we can buy some office supplies. Oh, man. Wow. A fake come to Jesus meeting with bush rights Doug Thompson capital. He's also pissed off and fired up. I'm not actually pissed off or fired up. I'm pretty good. I'm pretty good. Yesterday was sensational. Now we get on here 11 30 because it's five minutes late if we are. I sure love it. I'm sure like that. I'm sure like that. I'm sure I'm going to get on the ball game man. Yeah, it was great. Frank, I loved it. I was dancing. You too? Yeah. You'd have peeped to see me dancing around here in my box here. I'm sure it was adorable. Yeah, yeah, adorable. Oh, yeah, adorable. Maybe that's why I'm such a good mood because I had all these offers cleansing experiences. All these offers to clean my pipes. According to me, this is Doug Thompson. Let's get serious. I want to talk about that if you think it's good. I can't talk about it. I think somebody ought to get their justice here. I think somebody ought to get their justice here. And it will some funny crap like that. Anybody who couldn't see through that. Anybody who's propositioning me on my black area. Obviously, I've got to be looking for somebody. Yeah. According to a carefully orchestrated campaign, a plan that musely spread the representatives who attended the meeting of a level of a lot of Republicans confronted George W. Bush in a come to Jesus meeting Tuesday over his frail Iraq war. Come to Jesus. They claim they told the president his credibility with American people is gone when it comes to the Iraq war. And then Republicans will bail on him if the war doesn't show significant progress by September one. Yeah, right. Says Doug. While I believe a growing number of Republicans privately expressed their distress with these scandals, scarred and ethnically challenged president, I don't for a second believe the 11 of who visited the president Tuesday came anywhere close to telling him the truth about what a monument your fader he is for their party in the country. Monumental failure kind of just like Clarence Darrell in the other room there. Monumental failure, Clarence, can you spell up can you say it? It was a tough meeting in terms of people being as frank as they possibly could about their districts and their feelings about where the American people are on the war. Said, represent a very low hood of Illinois. It was an old holds barred meeting. I know Ray LaHood, we both worked with Chiefs of Staff Remembers of Congress nearly 1980s. If he told me to look for some rises in the east, I'd confirm it with the second source. Others who know what really happened in the meeting with Bush, they'd Congress people couch their criticism with so many caveats that the gathering tended a little more than the exchange of pleasantries. As important the Washington Post, they've expressed that Republicans are mainly night against an democratic bill in the House, but the search for next is almost inevitable. The key for everybody is to try to find a way to declare a victory and get out of the reset. The clear victory, what alternative universe claims these clueless pretenders to reality? Victory is an illusion. The US cannot and will not win this war in any attempt to claim victory. We'll make this country even more of a laughing stock on the world stage. Tuesdays meeting was a cover my ass with voters meeting for the love members of Congress. All faced up for election campaigns next year because they voted too many times to support Bush's war and his other causes. Representative Tom Davis's Bush's job approval rating in some parts in Northern Virginia is only 5%. I'm surprised it's that high. If these 11 political hypocrites really wanted to force the president, they would have voted to support the House plan to set it firm timetable for withdrawal. They go to override Bush's veto of the earlier bill. But they didn't, and they said after Tuesdays meeting they voted against the new House bill, that puts time limits on funding and benchmarks on real progress the war before additional funding will be approved. Come to Jesus meeting my ass. Like the president, they so blindly support the so-called economic matrix for the big house that eventually pollutes people to gives no Malavice to the village that puts up to the public, and then you also have to book the National Assembly to multiply bids that would can pop up to the supposedly tinkering expense kita, or there is a hospital shift issue to weed on theOUGHCON proposed there is a possibility to automatically from 11 amidna when we got a up your fairy when we got a point oh yeah I mean does that you everything that could be possible I've one thing to say about that yeah nobody we love the panther shot off those games there's no interest how about how about some parchesey tournaments maybe we can get that on it maybe he had won't play in shuffleboard in okay do the play by play while he's participating in the tournament what do you think sure got to be an open it oh and I've screamed and I've hoarded and I've said here and I've watched it just evaporate and they just you can't get through the man for love or money they won't listen they're intractable and immutable remember what curse was in there the other one and what was my take about the book and what do I think and I said why do you keep doing this to me why do you come in there and keep asking me all the time when you want I've told you a million times you all the same thing I say you will listen to nothing because you're a simple demand you are jacks nifer you want to go in a locker room and you want to you want to look everybody's a privacy is what you want to evidently or look this what off their armpits I'm supposed to be the faggot here and these people are our a million times more I involved in men's private and so I know from his guys who are uniforms and sweat a lot and take showers naked together that's what we're all about and her 59 and the poor by the weather we're going to be approaching a thousand by noon Chris archer said oh definitely I can tell the sound of your voice the biggest need the biggest he's my best talent have ever come to choose a one-trival Miami Dolls and the football oh that's the whole way you spoke to them they're just into the end so watch radio live 60 QAM Friday you where still nice to my spacing up from working taking that's tricky picking you will fart and I've seen a bathroom said hey you will fart over Oh, me, first door, so you know it's always ankle-burned sun, Show the gaka-ada-gah keep saying it or nobody know No, I'm just Pappa about any of those If it's House Every Lord Money Whenting off that songer door Oh, the Tellinar bitchinout Everybody pay the fee of the hanner Tuning out You ain't making such a good work, you ain't making such a good work, you ain't making such a good work, you ain't making such a good work, you ain't making such a good work, you ain't making such a good work, you ain't making such a good work, you ain't making such a good work, you ain't making such a good work, you ain't making such a good work, you ain't making such a good work, you ain't making such a good work, you ain't making such a good work, you ain't making such a good work, you ain't making such a good work, you ain't making such a good work, you ain't making such a good work, you ain't making such a good work, you ain't making such a good work, you ain't making such a good work, you ain't making such a good work, you ain't making such a good work, you ain't making such a good work, you ain't making such a good work, you ain't making such a good changes as makups as makups as cock Save All of the old wine Round Let's just do that other crowd It's the town that keeps the place running But with every side of the solar gunner town Let's tell him to be in our way If they'd show up and out Who'd it out? What do you mean out? Went and down. Who'd it out? I know it was 75 holes So I just sent my T-T-T-T-Mexor's here And which is all the best And that's settled in so on Fifty years in a business man It's a long time I got two years to go to catch up with them Think I'll make it three more years in this business And this business guy back in a radio by the way Yep Not about a 18-Till noon at 5.60W If you end the here's a sports story Baby sports carrots is going to get up on his hind legs And rub his legs together Rub his opponent mantras together The dolphin's running back Ricky Williams tested positive From marijuana in April Not be allowed to apply for reinstable And I fell until September Services of TOTI S.F.F. and Chris Mortensen Williams was suspended last year for violation of these substance abuse Policy was eligible to reinstate this month But the league's medical advisors that oversee Williams personal rehab program Recently notified Commissioner Roger Gidell The positive test sources be sand The doctors also recommended that Williams not be allowed to apply for reinstable Subtember they come as to usually adhere to the advice of the medical advisor Under these substance abuse policy So you don't think that those offers of sex on my blackberry were legitimate Worseensier Falling off the wagon as part of rehab a source said Based on the medical evidence and Ricky's case that Officer say it's totally to come back He had the positive test last month Remember he's been diagnosed with social anxiety disorder Oh no that's a real disease and a good percentage of those folks self-medicate With substances on marriage or we need Social anxiety disorder Often at the moment they're about to have a high level of social interaction Leafs folks been great. I always said the NFL would have no comment is did dolphin spokesman Harvey Green David Cornwell attorney represented Williams during his substance abuse cases Said he would honor the confidential policies and effect with other no comment nobody there all mom they got nothing to say Ricky Ricky Ricky Ricky give me the ball Ricky Ricky you know how I all goes and then of course throw an occasional fan You've got it all summed up the whole ball away I and 78 and a pool we need 22 more votes will have a thousand and then Chris can slump back in a chair like most people do fat people Yeah, if I if I I want to instruct you this on the air right now This is an instruction this isn't order and you know me. I don't care borders, but I'm making exception right now If any time in the next year and the hover many months This is going to be if at any time I decide to reach over and turn on that monitor and enable myself to look at the phone call You're running. Yeah, I want you to like start screaming and carrying on That's right Making all kinds of Like You're just to bring the bag snap me back to reality. You know sometimes you got to start that's right Five and snap it baby snap it back to reality Come back to the real world The phone on this radio station is like a cesspool. It's like all of a sudden Alexander Graham Bell invented the cesspool I wouldn't wish you a Heinrich him or Andrews W Bush and Anne Coder and Bill O'Reilly How do you like that That's how bad it is. That's how evil it is All I know is come to a clock man. I'm going to lunch Yeah, that's something to look forward to you know, of course it is I'm going to smoke smoke Yeah, smoke one smoke my head off Oh, let us know what I baby pops off Oh, I'll get a memo. I'll text you right before the Bush administration is with held a series of emails from a Congress showing the senior White House And just to mom and officials work together to conceal the role of Carl Roven installing Timothy Griffin a protege of rows as U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Arkansas The with held record show the decals Samson was then chief to chief of staff attorney general Alberto V. O. Fogganzollas Consulted with White House officials and drafting two letters to Congress that appear to have misrepresented the circumstances of Griffin's appointment as U.S. attorney And a row of his role in supporting Griffin and one of the letters that Samson drafted they did February 23 to this year the district of Burmunt 1247 Democrats It was not a word of any role played by senior White House adviser Roven and attempting a name Griffin to the West attorney post I'm on the way to the district department of apologize and right to be sent to Democrats for the earlier letter saying it had been inaccurate denying that Roven played a role Brad Barrenson and I want to be his kind of red birds and used to play a hockey An attorney for Samson said in a view that is client did not intend to mislead Congress. Samson he said signed off on the February 23 letter based on representation to make by the White House that it was accurate The withheld email showed that Samson's draft was forwarded to review the Chris Opperson and associate White House counsel who approved the language saying that just as was not aware of Roven playing any role in supporting Griffin But an earlier email from Samson O. Fogganzollas Samson has already been made public indicates the two men discussed Roven then White House counsel Harry admirers as being at the forefront of Griffin's nomination Lyrlire your pantal leaves are in fire You ain't seen nothing yet. This whole thing is going to blow up and you know something the best part of it will be like right before the election next year Yeah, that'd be good because maybe then the Democrats can't you know grasp the defeat from the jaws of victory although knowing them knowing the way the Democrats tend to do that he wasn't done yet Yeah, they that's their that's their greatest ability Grasping defeat from the jaws of victory 1983 on a pole we're getting real close to a thousand and if we got a thousand listeners out there left by the time Charlie Joe Bell and Clarence Diro and Joyce Fitz see I never even got in that part and you're supposed to remind me Hey, don't forget about Joyce and the fact that we can't play anything good anymore or say anything good or you know even the drops And you see when you talk to these people it's like they're totally oblivious to that Well, we don't have the license yet and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, this one and that one and Joyce and another thing to see took away from us Have anything to do with reality Congratulations comments And dochi bag Yeah, like that product that you can buy in the store. We can't mention them on the air Doosh we can say doosh just don't just don't put it in paper or plastic or maybe they come in a box Oh, doosh doosh box me I know well, but ever said we couldn't say that doosh box. That's because you didn't ask oh well don't ask don't ask and then they won't tell you doosh box Well, good It's twenty-first century. I mean, I certainly less childish than dochi bag. I'm going to use to that you know do you don't be touching dochi Isn't that the dook in the dochi I don't know well the queen was just around the other day, so it makes you feel all that royalty stuff It's on your mind Doosh box What do you want to be creative because anything that's the other source? Remember the day clearance came in and that this was one when I was doing the show down there. It's another reason I don't want to be there Well Joyce has got a real problem with penis Remember that That was no bullet in the me That was absolutely no surprise Because that explains our whole series of things you know And then I mean, you know all these words there's absolutely nothing wrong with saying certain words on the right That's all that's what's a penis you can save a giant you can save this you can say that It just depends on the context scum in any container has nothing to do with a sexual box And doosh box I guess you could put it in a box Scum that is 97 on the pool I mean seriously the audience that they think to in 90 or whatever they all think they're making a All this person I may be creative and legendary and stuff like that, but I even I'm not that creative that I come up with crap like this Look at it ever dreamed of it The fart sounds on commercials for rexual they have little dolls making fart sounds On over the air television On cartoons on kids cartoons on over the air television they're making fart sounds Oh, now that was just a raspberry that was not a fart. See after differentiating I could cry this place is being run by crazy people people who don't understand the business who certainly don't understand talk radio Who certainly have no concept of how you do phone calls on talk where oh, let's talk to end implantation now What do you think of the game last night at? Well, I thought they're going to don't know Why didn't they take that guy out in the fourth inning man when they could see that no stuff he didn't have his stuff I want to hear about you know school stuff when I'm here by now Of all those score sounds better than you know my score ice cream open I'm going out in the ice cream mood today or during the weekend good that's it. I didn't say I'm not going to have it. I just said not in the mood for right now I'm in the mood for love so let me grab my black bar and see if those offers still stand Come up in your conversation yesterday with your good close personal friend what the fact that you're well aware of the entire thing And I told everybody that I know I I even picked up the Toronto phone directly and I started it a and went through all the names I got to chill and I thought I ran out of time I told everybody I'm just below we kept a real clean yesterday Digi really look at I'm trying to keep a clean too keep him away from here As transparent as a pain of glass with a real pain in the end. Oh, God take that break. Oh, yeah, okay This is very quick whenever I shape my balls. I listen to the meal Rogers 12-1 hour How is this five old spiderway fresh? You can lay on the floor now. I'm the last And Ricky took me there my email. I'm about to write Ricky Jimmy whatever you found yourself using What Hmm Yeah, it all goes on. What's up? It's up to the ground. And you put it on the ground. What's up to the ground? What are you doing? What's up to the ground? No, no, no, no, no, no. She's here. What's up? Your butt cow is in the pot. What's up? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm 12. I'm 16. How many can I speak to that? You guys, you all come out from Mad Dog at the Saturday. And that sounds like a real good swap. Not for the guys across the street, I guess. I'm sure they're like dancing the jig. Thousand eight votes by the way. Are you going to be okay or are you, uh, who me? Yeah, you see. Yeah, you start. They're totally into the hour. Oh, stress your word. The description of that. The grotesque. I haven't had a great time. It's Friday, two more hours. Our in 58 minutes. Not that I'm telling you. I understand. Thousand eight votes on the pool. All these people looking at that Porto online right now. Hey, they don't have time for us. They're busy watching Porto online and getting all. You're hooked up about it. That's okay. More power to you. You can spend your time doing a lot more destructive things than that. In a history making mood to respond to a record setting drought. Water managers yesterday imposed once a week yard water and restrictions on Broward and Palm Beach counties. The new rule started Wednesday. And the district was called on cities and counties to step up ticketing of those who break through rules. If you start watering on the wrong days, man, on the wrong side of the street, they're going to come and drag your ass away and come right now. So far Palm Beach counties issued 266 incitations, Broward 384. That's in WAAAAT! And date county only 60. Well, thank you all for that. Unless residents start saving more water, the next move could be a ban on lawn watering said, Carolina and wheel. Executive director of the South Florida Water Management District. The drought is far from over. She said, the seriousness of this drought and the public's rolling cutting back cannot be overstated. Too bad we couldn't have shoved that storm. You know, the one up by Jacksonville. It's going to show that baby right on down to date Broward and Palm Beach. And Monten Rauber Lake Oki Doki, so that would fill it up. Right, that would be a good idea. If so, put it right over like Oki Doki. So not to make me just want to play this until. I can do it. I can load up that thing in there. Like these five. Did you spot? It just spot. It's all those in five. You know what else they sell in boxes now? Wine. Soup. Oh yeah, that's right. I've seen it. I had a box of a vent to made of vegetable soup for you. It was pretty good. Was it like a progresso or what brand was it? It was. The campals. I'm sorry. I'm sorry because then we all know the campals. You know, you don't have a lot of options. But anyway, I just had never tried it before. And what you do is you just open that baby up and you put it in a bowl. And you put it in the microwave and you knew. Get or you can put it in a saucepan if you do it in the old fashioned way. It doing it cooking ancient style. Like with, you know, a couple of rocks you rub together and stuff like that. A couple of sticks. But anyway, it was pretty good. It was soupish. It was like real soup. You know, it was soupish. I say 10 leveled on the pool. Now, we all threw a ranting and raving about all this stuff about the good. It's not going to change in the game. I've got to write out of my system. Nothing is going to make these people smart. And I'm not taking any more phone calls. I don't give a crap if somebody comes in with an oozy and holds it to my head. I'm not taking them more calls until they, you know, make it attempt to do something. But like I said before, why would they want to do that? Because they're not competing. Non-compos-winous baby. They are cutting it. They're not doing it. They may be cutting it. And I think I'm smelling it. Wow. You know what I mean? What do you mean? They're just, they're not interested in competing. I don't know. They just want to have a thousand buttonmen or salesmen out there in a street. Right. And get a lot of spots on the year. A dollar a hour pretty soon. Because that's all they're going to be able to get for it. Pretty soon when they got numbers like point. And program to themselves. And program to themselves. And clearance in all his boyfriends. And so we can put his buddies on here. And as much airtime as possible before they get gluten crosses free with those pants or games or whatever they're going. Who would want to put that on anyway? Who would want to carry a sport even? They would be like carrying badminton games. Here's the neighborhood badminton championships brought to you by and I'll fill in the blank. We find a sponsor for them. Sure that. That's what they were good at man. It's funny. And then of course if if any of our jog people didn't know nothing about badminton, we get whoever the sports writer at the Harald is about badminton. Come in and do a segment and read some spots. Lies five. Ooh. Fill up some real good time to see if they could chase whatever little audience we got left. I can't even say it no more. That's how tongue pad I. And you know who's fault all this is because I was in a stellar. A fabulous between yesterday and the I mean get out of here 11 30 yesterday and then winning. Make a nice comeback. I would buy winning a few bucks. I was in a stellar mood. And of course having had that tremendous those overtures on Wednesday on my crackberry. Offers as sexual favors and stuff like that. How could you not be in a just a tremendous mood. What are you laughing up? Chris I should tell the story. I'm not going to because it's just even I can't do that. I can't clean it up enough to tell the story. Yeah. How do you approach it? I can say BJ Thomas but I'm not sure if I'm a swastone. No. There you go. It's just I mean how anybody could be that ignorant to think that the people really think I'm that old and seen out. I mean you don't see a long time. I guess some people do. Yeah. I don't see people and see now. I actually get up at the morning and I get I get dressed and I shower and I do all my other personal hygiene stuff and I armpits felt pretty good. I put the right card and left card on today and I got a little after shave on. I shaved all by myself today. I don't have anybody like a caretaker. And I get the feeling through some individuals out there who think that I'm so seen out and people at this point that they can put any kind of crap over. I mean I was like, oh sure. No problem. Just come on. We're all done. I'll put in my will or stuff like that again. I mean transparent and pathetic would be an understanding for that situation. That situation is both can't be able to say. And I'm sure the audience you just die into here more about it. More about it. Maybe Monday I'll talk about it. All right. If I'm still alive by that. You know how old and few are. Do it two hour teams today. Yeah. Let's just keep teasing. Which is basically loud and the best part of it is I wasn't interested. One thing of somebody teases you and you're interested. But when somebody is teasing you and you're not even the least bit interested, that's not much of a tease. You don't see? Yeah. Yeah. We're going to hear a lot more BJ Thomas. Everything I got. Yeah. Oh boy. Why are you trying to encourage me to tell answer? Why are you telling a story? Okay. It goes like this. No. What's the fun of time? In America. Yeah. Yeah. Holy Moses. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. The day called wrong. My God. Former senior US to the United possible Democratic Secretary of State yesterday described Iraq as a civil war raging out of control and a foreign policy crisis worse than Vietnam. Whole brook was served as US ambassador to the U.S. The winner is top US to the map for Europe and East Asia. Said it would likely fall to the next US president of the side of whether and how to extricate America from the conflict, from the disaster, from the Quagmire. Holy Moses, man. Regardless of potential Secretary of State for Democrats win the White House in 2008, I'm getting choked up about it. Whole brook delivered an unspearing assessment of President Bush's foreign policy during Electron US Turkish relations. On every side Turkey faces challenges and enormous proportions he said to the South and Southeast, neighbors called Iran and Iraq. One of dangerous destabilizing religious dictatorship. The other was civil war raging out of control. Iraq already presents this with a worse situation internationally in modern American history, worse than even Vietnam. He added that noting he served in Sagan, worked on Vietnam, watched in and the first peace talks. I never thought I would say anything worse than Vietnam, but Iraq, my friends, is worse than Vietnam. He said, voicing hope that the current US offensive will succeed but saying the chances of this are not high. Whoever got us into it might have been, but the chances are not high. A lot of people are high as in you were that came from. Hi, a family. Yeah, as in part of that. 10 16 and a full and there's no point in reading the book. You know, the internet wins hands down your pants. 64, probably 2% of the audience, most of their porn watching is on. Ah, the internet. Hello to all my friends, Sir Regas doing. Thanks Sir Regas finally a show on the show on the phone. I don't know. At least he didn't text me yet about coming and servicing me. I'll say that. What are you smoking about? I think I might have a voice story. It is, is it funny or is it pathetic? Well, it's funny because it's pathetic. Funny rhymes with my money, which by the way, I handed out for that. I mean, you know, when somebody, why not just come out and say, he sent me a bunch of money. You know, send me a bag of money. Right? As opposed to all these games and nonsense and foolishness, it's some people seem just determined to try to play. Games people play. You got that? I like that. Especially by the spinners. You know, it wasn't a spinners. Who did that song originally? I'll find out. Joe South? No, not Joe South. Peter North. You got to write these people play. Who did it? He wrote. Who Joe South? Yes. God, I'm out of genius. And this is Joe South. This is not Joe. It was great. Oh, this is Joe South. Just all of my set. Not the spinners. I'll let you go. I don't want to have a life that's complicated to our man. I don't want to have a life that's like a duty box. Remember that thing, top is going to speed up on something we can play that either. We can't play any of those jokes on this. Oh, sorry. What a memory, I'm Joe South. You know, when I have it by the spinners, I have every other spinners song in here. You're a communist. I'll pick that right now. You'll find it. I'll see you later. That's a good song. The games people play. Oh, great. So good. From it is fast noon at 5. 60 WQN. Sure. Who can you to risk when I drive the race? I cross the top and see. The positive count can see. Who can swing over the river and take a p. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. On a building in the rain, making up with Mary Jane, who's not an endless way. Who can hang upside down? A fight down. Wow, he's singing slow. Wow, he's singing slow. Finishing his pork fried rice and then throwing a punch. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Yeah, Spider-man. He's been complete to Syray, but somehow he will sing the day. Think, buddy, still got it in rain. That for 43, he a fuck-bustin' movie. It probably makes 300 million. Do all he ever have, but billions. Or call your old boss, hell yeah. The sun of the god was Peter Parker Day. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Loved this guy below. Dress up him as mighty costume. In a little base and bedroom. Half-babys sniffing ex-off-view. And a little, when this kid's kill will be able to feel the movie. He needs tiny time. He needs tiny time. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Just once. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. Spider-man. He's so MT-size. He attribute these. From your slice. The excellent ever comparison. I think here is theIME things. And that's why I like toVE learn more. Of course Spider-man. What else. Here comes the Spider-man. You dig? YOU Gives? DRLOMEN. I mean the end of that is just, you know, it's going on just fine there and all of a sudden. Why do you think they decided to end it that way? That's a patent-gill thing. He doesn't really know how to end things. Oh, that's why sometimes they don't. He's a hit-and-miss, you know? Yes, he is. All of a sudden, Angelina and Angelina Jolie and the basement is him. And the one-way brought, right? He's in some of the playing bagpipes, which we can't play anymore. Oh, playing bagpipes, we can play a little bit of it though. Did he do that? Yeah. I haven't played it in so long. Can't remember who those voices are. Playboy? Oh boy. Playing bagpipes. Hi there boys and girls. To date, we've got a very extra special friends that they've got. Now, how do you know that's him? Because I know his voice, especially towards the end when he loses it. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. He has this habit of his voice, starts to change back into the original. Like in the runaway bride bit. No, he's not again. Yeah. That's him. Yeah, okay. Is it really? Yes. Well, we don't see that. Can you do that again? Well, so I speak to that. I'm seeing it. Wood by and on Wednesday. And the blackberry is in my shirt pocket. I always keep it in my shirt pocket in case I'm going to get any important messages. And it goes like that. And I pick it up and I look at it. And it's a message. I better not tell the story on it. I'm not a two-tall. I think the voice was a man from my pocket. I think it's a big and the thicket. You know something that actually would be a good way to start this particular story? Because it rhymes with man, tuck it. It picks up you queer. Get away from that. I know. I know. I've seen this subject now. I'm around to the front. I think you had a weird one. Oh, he's into this. Yeah. I have no idea how to grease into this. Oh my god. And you know something. Anybody who would be upset that I would reveal this to the world. Anybody who would make sense grow test. It always tells people, I always tell people this. Pretend that Neil's ear is a microphone. Right. That's right. Listen. There are people who tell me things in confidence. And if there are people I respect. I know that I would never, ever repeat that. I would always tell them just to be safe just to be sure. But it's not my people are very obvious and transparent and attempting to like, muscle their way into my money in my life. I'm not. I don't feel like compelled to, I have no eye on anything. Yeah. Am I right or am I wrong? No, you're not wrong. I know this probably sounds very kind of a little of the audience who are just dying. They're probably like, oh, I was holding their hanging out to salivate. Yeah. They are. They're like, oh, I mean, I may just have to go ahead and tell the story. Which George may have to go ahead and tell it one of these days. And this summer, some for you to keep in mind. I'll try to, um, I don't know, I'll write an analogy. I don't know. 137 votes on the poll. We're not doing too bad on there. Okay, considering the fact that very jackass is right a business, even though we had a full one and they had a two two. And if you take out January, we had to find something. Which isn't anywhere near what we usually do, but you know something? Big deal. We got screwed in January and they got a big kiss over there. And right away, everybody's got a story and butter beat, butter but a lot but a lot. And they're young, they're in their hip, they're in their ass and they're that and they're that. And yeah, whatever you say, the fact is the business blows, the business is over with. And we work for people who are surfer finally insane. Make no mistake about that. Anybody who would suggest that taking Fridays in 2009 and 10 of assuming that I would still be here. First of all, I got a year and two thirds of them I deal. What's the big hurry? Why would I want, based on what these people are doing now? I would have to be institutionalized. Hopefully, the different one that they're going to be. But I have to be put in a rubber room for me to understand the contract again with them. Based on what they're doing to this show. Not for the show to the show and to me. And Ricky Tickey, man, I say, I'm see he read my a message. I can graduate to seriously man 50 years in this business. I've been 47 years in this business. And I can remember today's, I'm sure he can too. When this was an exciting or great business. When we had people programming stations who had imagination, who had balls, who had who understood the audience wanted to be entertained man. They wanted some excitement. Feels like back in the days when all those great, we don't have any. Yeah, we do. We got some oldies, jingles. Yeah. I just don't know what the stations are from, but like, I'll find one. I'm so excited to be saying that. That's not slowing more, but you know what I'm saying? She's a fan of W. Cool. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. Solid gold hits. W. Straight round the gold mines. W. W. W. W. W. W. Ws. And of course like everything else, and I remember being an Iod news awhile ago. Good thing, there's plenty of drag between them. And of course, like everything else, and I remember being an Iod, and even Clayton Clinton for this. Myses. He was a bummer advice when they approve the deRegulationBen. When they like you're like 10 companies buyFC station in the universe. That's what that means. I said that's be the end right. I think he said just shark radio, but just shark radio he let the yellow and then he got the yellow out this morning Nice going Rick Jimmy humble Rick Shaw 50 years in radio ladies and gentlemen That's here it for the Rick Shaw show on QAM You know, so he's available now. Oh, wouldn't that be great? Let's get him to mornings play all these and then you can have on this a sidekick all these with goldies That can get that thing down to one cheering with the rookie ticket I think y'all they can get anybody down to way oh point something That's why I would put him on for sure when mad dog isn't around I put somebody on who's a proven ratings failure That's right like what O. J. McDuffey became available when they booted him off across the street because he had like oh no number at all And so oh G he's a he's an ex-dolphin. He's an ex-dolphin ex-dolphin. He wants for our jackstraffin. If shower's naked with guys like maybe Dan Lerino Let's put him on there And so all of a sudden he shows up over here anybody who ever forget about wearing a jackstraff Anybody who ever walked through a locker room we bought them on the year I mean if some guys walked through a locker room and I want them in like Brady Quinn and Tom Brady I'd like to have Brady's bunch, but nevertheless. What? I got lovely bunch of coconut so I'm a Griffin saying and like he made a billions of dollars with no talent billions of dollars and here we got a little we got pop-up more Griffin look what we got we got jolly Joe I Oh He's And in our take in the city I don't know why They all would want to shine But no need to The first ones are there for you Share with President The fuck The ones who don't care Fuck Oh my god What I can do Don't know what's wrong And get to we all hold it home Oh my god Here you want this Don't know what's wrong It's wrong Stupid Don't go home And this drug can rich kid Don't go home We're living No more than me Oh my god He's president Fuck Yeah don't care What a total You got him here by hook her girl I'm a Christian I know what's wrong You and I But I don't feel fear We've got a great leader With President Fuck Holy Moses man We got a choice Yeah It's a film Don't worry 2-5-60-92 We got Song 59 votes on the floor Our goal today is whatever we get When you say And a Friday night is your rundown You know, Fridays are done always We're on your... In fact, Friday we did a place in tapes But it's a story It's a story I was thinking Now, we're not going to do any of these tapes Oh yeah Nothing we can play because you know, the tapes that we've already made We're from the old tapes We've been waiting for the next few days Yeah, they're rich and vibrant and have stuff on them I mean, they have money You say that people might have to ask their ass I'm a guy and people have to write a little bit of a article on it We would have to go to late places Certainly extract anything that anyone would want to hear from the tapes Right Because that's a place where you're going to try and show Right And when you're erstwhile agent And when you're busy sending you a bunch of crap about serious radio That you don't care about When he's busy, you know, Telling you that you're just going to do anything in a part of the show And then doing nothing about it He is as innocent as a dead man What's that? More griffers I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts Like how it fits Yeah, since he mentioned it I had a lot of people to play that I would play a nerve-riff and hey, Murrow You fared it Got it Well, and what about spinners and games people playing Yeah, what about it Oh man I think we're sure a fire under your ass today If I kiss in it And you're ass too You know, that was really really sweet considering that I learned about rock and roll from that man Well, we'd never fendering your cat I told the what's his name in their Chris To a marked that down I'm going to put it in my demo tape to get a job somewhere You know, in radio Later when this gets in Yeah Can't get no red This is great Don't know how great my love is But it's pretty easy I'll take it I love this bit Yeah It's been a bit It's been a bit I'm walking around This is a little bit of a stoke It's not getting any of the other stars off of your life But that's what capitalized on that CD I hope no Right? I'm trying to crack about it I hope it's a good one too No way Oh my gosh By the way, this is a guy This is a guy who's been like this Yeah, I know I didn't think so either This was my second Well, that's all that Okay, it's enough Here's a fact that says the management or director Whoever the A hole is who let Joe Rose go in the first place Should be begging the big dog to come back in the mornings And they are A holes for putting goldstein on instead of Curtis Nothing against guilty steam But by radio goes to any other station when he comes on I never listened past the end of the power Hank is not for me Says P whoever P is P did it I got a story about a P as a matter of fact But I'll get to it They got it supposedly P on the dead or Racky guy Here's another fact Black dead or Rich Rose got this town on fireman This is the second fact from the same guy It'll rip Oh, don't get carried away So he said Yeah, I had so many things about asking But he called like toward the end of the hour And I'd rather carry him over And I noticed he was online there when he was reading the message So probably he's confegulating I don't know if he's got like a lot of people on his my space page I don't know if he pays much attention to it I don't know But he did send me a message and then I responded to it and he read my message And that's all I know And I'm sure he's got 80s of the messages of best wishes and heavyweight life And thanks for the memories and thanks for all the oldy moodies And thanks for putting up with Bob Halt and making a play on that crap music I'll be other stuff You know he even want to say too much about the business And the fact that it sucks He knows that He's been through the good days And speaking of that, this fact says how cool is this? Here's a little ten minute audio sample If WQM's Rick Shaw recorded directly off the away from 66 It says in those days QM was slow to his number one rated station Thanks to their powerful 560 frequency And awesome signal that reached all across the state But I remember those days 100 years ago To listen and play this on the air Or can't play it what you could play it on the air And still records dot com slash form slash radio Slash Rick Shaw 66 dot MP3 Which we're not going to do it Well you have something we really ought to do it on Monday Okay You got to original this fact you wanted to do I'm going to go look at it I know you did like click on it In between answering a holy Moses It says interesting dimensions of Jefferson's Jackson Byron's And 39 cents for die Pepsi to make you skinny Plus the clips of the songs are great too Also one thing QM did that was totally awesome In turn a lot of people in the new music that wasn't heard The most of the country was the underground hour This is where Rick Shaw introduced us to spirit Jimmy the collector's queen John Sterling 13 for elevators Chuck of watchband and countless other psychedelic and blues Based rock groups before they became actually known I was going to ask him but you know we didn't have any more time I want to hold him over because obviously he's got a lot of people I want to talk to him and a lot of face to fry And a lot of cruises to play and a lot of stuff to do And a lot of sleep to catch up on I was going to ask him which part of the career was his favorite You know what right now we like asking me which station was the best And where do you have the most fun and what was it? And I would say Zeta immediately Zeta With the Zukru Because it was FM because I mean we didn't have to go out and try to find people who listen to the AM Because there aren't any we had like a building audience And listen to that with a real single 2 and 100,000 watts FM People are actually here to station Drinking by coffee and mud and sin down the hill And we'd say the floor of the dark Oh, we've had it last year We've had it last year We've had it last year We've had it last year But the darling milk We've had it last year We've had it last year We've had it last year We've had it last year We've had it last year We've had it last year We've had it last year We've had it last year We've had it last year Now when we're sitting in you can not come all the way I'm interested and he can't fight back You know, he's a little bit like a kid A crutch after me A kick of crutch after me I'm very nice, very nice By the way, something's big and nice Yeah, I hear the rain I'm a little pleasure that everything was over I'm going to call him in a suit That thing that I was talking about, I got it Well, you got it, that's something Like Ricky Tiki, man We're going to do our career tour Which is happening in one of the goings Yeah, well, great Good, we'll play that Monday You guys, we continue our year-long salute To Richard He deserves a big tribute man He deserves the tip of the head He does He's a filthy cat that he wore He's a, you know, it's actually a dolphin game His mind's season tickets back when fact rich and I used to be a Games actually pay for own tickets We're just a few rows behind him It every home dolphin game man He'd be there and he turned around like tip is cat to me Away, I don't know why I never went down and talked to him Because I thought I back in those days I thought he hated me like poison Maybe he did Maybe Maybe that's why I love so well We never talked for him much You know, that's a good way to get along Sure, seriously, if you never talked to somebody How do you make arguments or Is that? Fist fights, stuff like that Propositions Propositions, now you get your proposition nowadays Right on your blackberry You can be sitting there or would buy on a beef And you look on your readies, bizarre messages I sure hope he's listening to that too Because I'm going to tell you that I'm cool in anybody It's just, yeah, sometimes people don't know what to quit When they're headed again, you know what I'm saying? Yeah And they just keep pushing, never to solve by the seeds You're pushing too hard You're putting, I bet you got that to seed That's a mentally of their hit, smash I don't know what year I say 68, 69 Pushing too hard by the seeds You're not allowed to hit it Oh no You're going to have to like create it Now how did you get that spinners form? My magic George has got this magic wand Just like I got the magic wand Where I can play those clips from like the godfather I said I got this guy I thought he'd run his own song Maybe a horn and he's magical He's got, he's got, I have magic wand I know some guys are going to magic wand But why the you bastard I think our scavenger toast Jim McReebe says, was bitter Steads you never have a clue Even in his body, glitter Dean and play, she never knew She married and made show and home A ratchel man, he's a gay American Dean, I never knew I could have a baby had his braille tan Said she always looked delicious And everything was fine in bed But she should have been suspicious Sometimes the name it love he called She married and made show and home A ratchel man, he's a gay American Dean, I This shiver boy, you're a little A rubber strier saying When she told a braille story A how he told he was gay He seemed a better fit for morey All these emissants was the DNA She married and made show and home A ratchel man, he's a gay American Dean, I Now you know why he went in And we're this close friend And you married and made show and home Steads you never have a gay American You're a gay He's a dress like He's a band of those who's a gay American I think I want to start dressing up like Peter Pan Maybe I can fly then It's a lot cheaper than those damn expensive airlines Wow, they really soak you Squeeze the blood out of you man People want to like some kind of money out of you I've heard of those kinds of people Yeah, I called wives And others people like text you every now and then Out of the blue Ooh, that was a bad choice of words 1247, 13-01, at 5-60WC I'm so speaking of this place I was just thinking during that very week Todd Petton Guildman, it's okay, it's pretty weak Yeah I was thinking that the ratings we've been on the station 9-5 years almost And if you look back and go to ratings since very jackasses So obsessed with ratings The shows that have had the highest ratings on this station Have always been the ones that are non-sports What even shows is this one and the Howard Stern show Oh, I forgot all about that I mean Oh, oh, oh, right Am I right? Yeah Far, I mean far way in above Even when it wasn't another sports station Going to a hanging number, yeah And to be very honest with it They haven't got any big number over there across the street They've got a gigantic queue And all they really have is Joe Rose And the rest of it is just all window dressing And they're not fooling me Maybe they're fooling some of you people They're not fooling me Stoo-gots When I started hearing about stoo-gots I mean It just It just boggles my mind This is not somebody who's a radio person Who's a broadcast Who's got any knowledge of this business This is a child This is somebody that was a board up This would be like Robert Creeper The Green Reaper at the Lord of the Board Being the gentle manager What that hell is this? Oh the Sees I'm back I'm back I'm back I'm back I'm back I'm back I'm sure a lot of the guys know I'm just just before Sure I'm not talking about the song I'm just talking about the expression You're pushing to our end So speaking of that Let's take a look at that poll Before I continue E-raculating here 1077 What's the source for most of your porn or what passes for porn? The internet 696 Almost 65% Almost 2 thirds DVD 1075 Oh there's the president with a queen again Isn't that lovely? With Queen Elizabeth Which one is the most constipated? Which one's the bigger waste of time? Which one's the bigger butcher? I don't watch porn 94 8.7% Yeah we believe you My imagination 65 Pippley mother people's windows 41 It was 41 Heepn 2 I can't hold me I can't hold it I can't hold it Watch your mom and dad Keepin' through the yellow The most while we ever had Mom and dad works like in tech My bear on the bed Now let me ask you something I know the one part here Are you positive we can't play this? You tell me Elizabeth and her the break If I recall There are a couple maybe three places in there where we would have to bail we'd have to bail out Go to jail. Go to waste jail. Yeah How much we only play like a little yeah and little yeah like Like that and pieces Well it sounds like that's what daddy was getting the piece right anyway 1077 And uh peeping other people's windows 41 video 39 catalogs like Victoria Secret 15 X rated magazines, playboy hustler, etc. 14 comic books four and softcore magazines like FHM and XM etc. 4 out of 1085 Our goals a lot of 100 I just made that up We got that made in the shade even Chris knows that Well see if I only play like Yeah and this could be a new way to play some of the stuff we can't play anymore just like a part of a word You know like that just be careful what word comes up But a part of the word had yeah is not bad. No it's sad right Hey keep going through all this holy Moses Now here's the fact that says I've been listening since you were on Zeta up against jury winners on she I forget jury Reynolds He was not no compass weeness man. He was not even a minor company. I am that him right. Yeah I live in sur a soda now says Mike swaffles and online My favorite time was when you ride WOD with Mike Reniri before you and Rick and so it's after wait a minute Because I know what we're not here and so it's funny. What do you know we're not here? I know the bit so it's funny bombing bombing for dollars. I guess there are apples maybe bombing for apples is good I don't know if you remember, but I traded autograph picture Mickey Manel whitey for for an autograph for lion sand We're gonna use scratched you scratch to take out of the package. Oh no I was even listening to the day you were late because of the bridge in the bridge center got called yelling at you. You're the best guess I am Mike I'm friends with the organ player for lightning so if you want to come up to tell or here's another organ Offer this one on the back machine. When's they had My How about you got Dave maybe Cortes and the happy organ you got that and go to look they baby Cortes I bet you got that he's got that swinging organ man if you got it swing it Anyway, if you want to come up to Tampa to see lightning play Toronto or the Panthers let me know we have four tickets in the fourth row between the benches Thank you Mike go me school. I wonder we got any hockey on my They did the Cortes and that happy organ. These swimming and people are talking about this Okay, you have a happy organ That's what the This was that I'm huh if you like a happy organ Yeah It was something why didn't make that organ happy. I know no no team Play it on it Okay, that's no that's a song happy. Sorry. It's a bit instrumental It's a sensation What do you mean it's cute it's cute now I'll ask you this question seriously All right, why why would anybody know what are you gonna do because when you're on you do the phones? You know you and right what are you gonna do? I'll continue taking the calls right for your crazy person There's no question just look at me Well, I'm serious. It's really very sad because what what's happened here and how many how long have I been screaming and carrying on and just waiting about this Both on and off the year and as they say in China, Gordon is tough They just don't they don't care they just don't want to make the effort and of course joys If you think we're getting any cooperation from that bitch and Robert Kent me miles too busy you're worried about you know Craft that is nothing to do with me But nonsense would looking and news and additional which there's somebody on my my space there who I guess thinks He's being very helpful on trying to think he's got like a Mickey Mouse. It has never real profile And keep sending me all these news stories which a lot of them are pretty good And I've used many of my dear, but it's just it's reached the point where just too much You know what I mean too much. I do know you mean you follow what I'm saying And so I sometimes I can be like I know I said too much much or just too much or just you know you carry it away Would be good that we're all guilty of what being too much. You sometimes Oh, well, you know my intentions are always good though. That's right I'm a good guy just ask me I'll tell you and maybe that's why I was getting that message there I Wednesday and then again yesterday, you know, I mean what's wrong with that? So good idea Maybe you got some money for me What in fact yesterday you should have straightened that all out You know anything about it. What are you talking about? What do you know anything about? I don't know it. That's my initial story Everybody that I know I know I know I even went out on the street and downtown Toronto I went to the Eden Center. I got a megaphone and I said yeah Leave what happened to me it would buy Wednesday. I was getting messages on my cracked break. Right I was getting propositioned on there. I have no intention of going there girlfriend What do you want to open up your windows and yell it out to the street? I might do that right now. Hey, you're what? Hey, how's it going? These people here are so freaking nice Not not all of them. There's some idiots here like there are anywhere because there's five million people So it's got to be idiot but they are so nice and so polite and so damn friendly and many of them are so Oh God see that that's why we don't need any ass systems from anybody around it. It was writing to yes Hoochie Koochie messages on my cracker You have to admit that was one of the even though we can't it's hysterical It was surreal. Yeah, yeah, unbelievable as some people would say which is what compelled me to write all about it What I said Unbelievable Okay, everybody that I know I wrote all in all detail I wrote it to Brandon. I wrote the professor and I wrote it. What are you laughing about? I did it took me a lot of time to write that whole story. I had to write a whole background thing on it and I wrote Don't forget why? Said I told a couple people too. Did you really? Yeah. Oh good. That's good And who else did I tell about it? Of course I told it to my close personal friends down there, which you know One of them and one of me like one of me don't Right anyway, I told my wife and my mistress You've tell your kids about it. No, no 1097 when the break is over will have over 1100 votes, which isn't too bad and the very jackass by We continues to be acquieseling as long as I live on never forget that they had pierced the international effort in Toronto I'm going home after weekend here whatever and you're I see Barry wide and even almost the time He walks up for me. Oh, hi, and the I'm Barry jackass. I just want to tell you a lot of what you say about me is true And I looked at him and I went do fair anyway Like that just like John love it What's just happening? Oh, don't tell me I knocked that down. Oh, I ask cuz I still got this going That I'm gonna play the whole thing one of these days I mean I don't have to send any old Rogers iron balance when it's too loud Back to You You You I mean I know she's a crazy person, but she really serious with her so one square sharele and the crow Yeah, she really is just think about that for about a second. We can say about bag right no and see Josh box Not not box She's she a mop boxer a douche box. Yeah, she's a nutcase. She's a douche box bang Love it away down to pull we got 1100 like what do you think we what do you say we That's got to go for 1200 Chris no Yeah, why not you think I think you're crazy. It's a Friday afternoon. It's the 11th of May It's tomorrow's a week after you'll sync with the mile the meal Michael meo This Mark man and we just thinking about you know since I'm not taking any calls for next six hundred weeks What I'm gonna do is I think I'm gonna get hold of our windbag and Alice Marvins and get something some of the guys It made the other day part so strong and we get them on the show and we sell the show and you know They're segments and let's get some filo material in here right People who nobody reads their columns in the newspapers in the first place, but let's put them on the radio Okay, they're not broadcasts and in fact that qualifies them to be on both of these radio stations This one and the one that's a so obsessed with the cross of street They're we're not worrying about competing with because they never even come close to our number and they're we're not a sports show Doesn't that kind of sum it up right there the fact that they're always worried about what what did the other place do in midday Where they did we're not a sports show here. That's not our competition Wouldn't anybody who understands talk radio know that? What what did you just say? Anybody who understands talk radio see that was the afternoon phrase that they was forced to grab onto just our on the brass ring But they don't get it they had they have no background in they don't understand And of course when you put clearance zero who's like a tiny rolled child in the older body when you put him in charge You you know that you go and it's tough and you know it's a lost cause So I'm just I'm gonna show up really then we'll do a fine job I'm not taking any calls and I'm listening until they want to do something about that situation and the book Comfort handle a situation he could squash all three or four those people You know that situation? Well, whatever he's always talking about the situation you might have to get with it. I still don't have a follow-in You're Kimba Boe Kim from a Taro. I bet you're Chris understood that. Oh, yes, right now You didn't know you didn't understand that situation Well, at least chicken that does because he's always making fun of that because Kim was always saying what are the adult in situation Yeah, we say that and you noticed that once again Chicken that creates characters that are much more interesting and much more a much funnier than the original Don't know all this like there They would listen to me about that. We might have had a number somewhere along the line, but oh no, you know Anger that it'd be love member of his squad have been killed in the next close in the US Marine You were in it at one of the 24 data rakey civilians killed by his unit in the Haditha the more entestified Wednesday He peed on him Sergeant Seneca Delacruz who has immediately from prosecution after murder charges against him. We're dismissed Also said he watched his squad leader shoot down five or back easy victims We're trying to surrender Informatic testimony to pretrial hearing for one of the seven marine sergeant in November 2005 Haditha killings and lescubram Delacruz described his bitterness after roadside bomb ripped Lance Corporal Miguel Tarazas known as TJ in the two bloody pieces I Know it was a bad thing what I've done, but I'd done it because I was angry TJ was dead and I peed even said people I can't say the other word. I peed on one of Rackies head said no unemotional Delacruz I mean talk about illiterate I know it was a bad thing what I've done, but I'd done it because I was angry TJ was dead And I peed on one of Rackies head all over this is around that good little iteration to it Said an unemotional Delacruz and military corpsman camped in north of San Diego Delacruz also said he watched wildly to Sergeant Frank Woodrich Shoot five men who I'm not sure we can really say that call up to us if we can say that sounds like a body part Sounds like uterus Sergeant Frank Woodrich shoot five men whose hands were tied up near a car Delacruz also said he shot the five men Is they late on the ground. You know, I want to try this again because I think you're Overreacting okay, I might be We'll rich watch to me told me that anybody They were running away in the Rackie army shot them Delacruz testified three more days have been charged with murder for officers have been charged with their Listen to me and I'm struck the investigation Now I think it would take like one letter at a time Yeah, my mom is not that right 11 13 on the full body of where we got 52 minutes to another 87 both that's less than two a minute press you can do it come on get you magic wand out Now what's wrong with that? I think so far. Okay. I think what we can do Maybe I just came up with a solution for all the problems of the joy-squaded problems Is we can take bits and pieces of like playing bag pipes and these sofa king and then and all the stuff We can play the 80% of the material we got on the VCS and like piece of all together and just played the parts that we can play Okay, it's not gonna be funny. We're only making show using what it'll be a 20 minute show bed My god, he sure got a good head on his shoulders. Oh, so speak of that message Now I don't want to go into you talk about it sometime if you're in the mood Right you should have talked about it You're not did you go to lunch with this person yesterday holding person was here in the building Told and you looked at him with a straight face and didn't feel like I can look at people Well, there you go another one with mommy using your boobies like maybe he's like a door stop 11 13 Clicked that baby. Let's see if we're gonna actually make 1200 that I would put me into a real good frame of mind for the weekend All the way. It's still 11 13 especially for that early Saturday morning woodbind session I have every week. It's still stuff there 11 13. We're not gonna get no 12. Why did I couldn't use a settle for 11 Chris? You're crazy first-ner-what? I think I've been in bed influence on you see we always set the target way too high So Friday afternoon is the middle of May for Christ say what what are you thinking about? Gonna get another 100 votes on here at an hour yeah, Friday on what used to be back in the day back when we had the audience back when His station was like viable and living and breathing before these this new regime came in and just buttured it and ripped it to bloody little pieces Back in the day we did it on easily concerns focused on US interest in this a US military facilities and that and Jim what kind of efforts have been going on there in Germany to fight I chamomile screen here. I think we need to be taken out I think you know We're all with talking about a possible terrorism on US interest in Germany But it not be in by Berlin because each being on Berlin or baby They better leave my friends in Berlin alone a spun in particular. I can think of don't be messing with him Cuz I want to be messing with him How come I don't get text message from him? Because you are 11 18 we got nice chuck in here. I think you can do a Chris you got 50 minutes and you need 82 votes The ratio is still doable. It's a doable deed. You know Yes, just like in Berlin when I found out was a doable deed. You know, I did I do it Sometimes you have wishes and sometimes they're undouable Yeah, you can do it and it turns out to be doable and you do it if it's good and it's doable do it. That's that's my philosophy in life If it's looking for your money and for to get into your will and you know Sucking around whether there's a will there's a gay 11 22 now see now we start to make some progress. There's Arnold 42 44 hell a cup height five Yeah, tank us that it oh my god and to think this man is the governor of the largest California, okay Oh my god remember that thing ahead. This is the six largest economy in the world They said a California and He's the governor Who's the literate who's father was in Nazi and Austria who's a real piece of turd is married to Maria Schreiber with no chin and You wonder why America's got problems. You wonder why bushes in there with a bunch of Nazis destroying the country I'm extra Arnold's got them to do it and you don't mess with the term. I did about ten to that 11 24 you need 76 votes. I think Chris can do it. We're gonna push him right over the uh  My boss of the Jewish, they're the way to see Him, my children. And then I find you no longer here. You've got to take my life as a failure. And the whole hearts full of those forced wings. And the one of the sins and signs, Now you've got to be tried. It's your toes I've walked in by the house. I've been half over the shore. I've been fed to rights for more than a year. But it goes like this. Now only shacks comes we can see. Oh, speaking of, Yolizan for a mad dog day two to form this warning ahead of time. Don't say we didn't warn you. 11.35 on a pulmonary 85 more votes in 43 minutes. So now that your Chris is working feverishly right now behind the scenes to make sure he can put that together for us. Isn't he? Huff. Right. So what are you thinking? You're thinking positively. We don't want to go into weekend, falling short. That's bad. We got it. Really bad. Especially after Barry Jackass wrote that we're dying over here. And we're old. And we got so much older between December when we kicked ass movie number one. And January when we had that bogus month and they had a bogus month across the street course. Yeah. But he got an older man. Well, he needs some younger people. I'm maybe that Evan Cohen ought to be on there. And maybe we ought to get some a 10 year old kid from the morning who's got a great arm. And you know, like that. Stupid. Stupid, stupid, stupid. And he even wrote in the middle of his own article. And he's just too stupid to realize it. And after the reason people were listening to the bastard was because of the comedy bits and the humor and the stuff. Not because they're talking about boggames, okay? People are talking about boggames and take it seriously. It needs very, very serious assistance. You know what I'm saying? And then there's some things people don't want to hear about on the air. Hockey. I mean, I'm a big hockey fan. I watched the game last night. Unfortunately, Buffalo just totally at what were they doing? What were they doing the sabers? Coughing it up, handing it away, break away after break away. The senators kicked their ass. Maybe very depressed. But nevertheless, I watched it. There's no interest. So I don't talk about it. You've noticed that. I finally wise up. I mean, you know, burn me 500 times. You're not going to burn me 501. Horse racing. People know that there is no interest. None. None. Zero. There's a 50 old talkers who hang out of the rail down there at Calder and a Gulfstream. And that's about it. Lester Green, sure, that crowd. That's it. I were a win bag. I mean, speaks for herself. You're going to be pleased with this story, though. All right. You're going to be very, you're going to be happy camper. Walmart stores ain't posted. It's worse monthly. Same store sales results in at least 28 years. Calying a 3.5% decline in April through this year's early Easter, as well as generally challenging economic conditions for consumers. Walmart's 3.5% drop in the 4 week period ending May 4 at US stores, fell below its earlier forecast of flat sales to a 2% decline. And a recorded film message yesterday, Walmart blamed bad weather last month, and most of us regions in the early Easter on April leave, which pushed many Easter sales in the March. Same store sales measures sales gains, losses it stores open for least a year. The hurricane the Gator, the returns a retailer, reached on the capital at Spence. Reef what you sow is not going to say that in the good book. You shall reap what you sow or sow. So sow said that in there. This says Walmart is sow sow. Some like that. Or sow and sow. 1141. Let's see if we can't go this thing up. Get a certain good close. So that hopes brings eternal. Now they're nice, shocked therefore. At first, 146. And that's without even taking a calls here for quite a while. And I'm going to tell you this right now. Joe Bell comes in where new units has something about taking calls on his show. A one, I'm on. You can take all the calls you want. You can be a massacist. You can wind up in a loony bin. Like, when? Oh, I'm halfway there already. Yeah. But if he ever says anything like that, just look at him and just, you know, I'm going to tell you right now. What you should say to him, okay? All right. That's right. Just look right in the eye and go. Hey, Joe. Yeah. What do you know? I mean, anybody that's talking seriously about putting tapes best of tapes on the air? I mean, one day a week, this has to be a crazy person. Or, you know, we just only substitute real Rogers so much before it's not the real Rogers show anymore. Right. Cindy, she, this is very sad to call him. I do have time to read it. I'll make time. No more, no she writes more needless carnage isn't on this working chip. More needless carnage, sit by Cindy Sheen. She says, I had difficulty making the purchase of Georgetown's new book with a multimillion dollar advance already. I didn't want to contribute to someone who's already profited so of seemingly from other people's dead children. The South congratulatory book passing book was even more difficult to read. But when I came to the last paragraph and read the above quote about tennis, precious son, John Michael, began to cry in my uncomfortable earplanes seat. The quote was, my son John Michael is the best son of dad can have. He'll always be my pride and joy in his book at the center of the storm. Cindy Sheen says, I believe that Casey was the best son of mom and dad could have. He was our first our immense pride and joy. Casey served his church in one capacity rather from the time he was eight years old. Today he died at Palm Sunday Mass. He attended the morning of his murder in ambush. He was an evil scout and honor student, the trusted friend, a loving big brother and the best son of mom could have. The above paragraph reads, I can know butcheway because Casey is dead in part because of ten and supportive of a president for whom he has great affection. Condy we have a problem ten and ugly begins the chapter on the 16 words. The sentence that justified an illegal war for aggression was, the British government has learned that Son of whom saying recently sought significant clobblings that we were reigning from Africa. The CIA was successful in making the White House take these words out of a burst speech October 2002. But when the words that everyone knew were lies were included in the 2003 state of the Union speech shortly before shock and awe, tennis did not publicly stand up to the right thing and refute the claim. As a matter of fact knowing all the facts were false and or skewed, he set the hand-coll and Powell when the then secretary say lie to the UN, they're by giving the false statements more credibility. George Tennett also praised George Bush for taking so much time with the son John Michael to help and through the rough times that can come being the son of a DCI. George B should know since he was the son of another dishonest DCI. George T. knew with his brain and heart that the invasion of Iraq was wrongly justified, but he allowed this country to watch headlong in the inevitable disaster by his silence and slandone cheerleading. He's complicit in the deaths of almost 3,400 best sons and daughters of other moms and dads. How can Tennett look in the eyes of John Michael and not see their extinguished heartlights of hundreds of thousands of Iraqi humans? How can he in the killer neocons live with their own selves and sleep in that night without being hunted by the souls of these that their crimes are needlessly killed? Why is John Michael not in boot camp? Tennett's confession of incompetence and conniveance he also called George Bush's chief of staff Andrew Card and most honorable man he's ever known. This is the same handy card who formed in Leid the White House Iraq group, which was the internal working group whose task was to sell the invasier of Iraq to a global American public and include other honorable people such as Scooter Libby, Keren Hughes, Condy, Steven Hathley and Bush's brain call roe. This group leaked false intelligence news to such friendly before this is Judith Miller, formerly at the New York Times who came up with such blubber's lady misleading terms as smoking gun and mushroom cloud. In a much publicized letter my friend Ray McGovern of the retired CIA intelligence analyst called pretend to return his presidential medal or freedom, which he unequivocally refuses to do in any of you have seen him give recently. I agree with George to he earned his medal by silence and his co-recipients that year Jerry Bremer and General Tommy Franks retired also earned their medals for their callos and confidence. The three did the jobs the president set out for them to do. The presidential medal or freedom as about as much validity is our corrupt elections. The corrupt 911 commission, the corrupt Congress, the corrupt corporate meeting in our own constitution has been thoroughly corrupted, disobeyed, ignored in trampled on by everyone in the Bush regime and most Congress folks who completely go along with a subduction of our American Republic. Let George Tenakip is little medal, he knows why he received it. It was payment for rolling over like an abused dog that some misceby offers his belly and list the hand of the master who beats him. For all these honorable people their lies, their adverse, their cruelty, and his their treasiness, premeditated war, my son and hundreds of thousands of others are dead or mentally or physically wounded. A country is being destroyed on a daily basis and Bush goes still roaming free to commit their high crimes against humanity. Sitting president survives presidents can't legally be sued for what they do in office but as far as I know there's no such prohibition against swimming a disgrace to ECI. Is there a lawyer out there in Cyberland who wants to represent families in a wrongful death injury class action so that against George Tenakip, contact me please she says, mhmahood.com, stories on our website by Cindy Shia. Two days before Mother's Day. You best of all! 1154 we can do it Chris, you can do it 46 posts. Back in the day when someone done a strong we didn't take their crap. In Pearl Harbor when the japs drop their bombs. Boring we fung them back and other sotties they hit us high. And on our cards our little flags wade. As that sottie who loved and retired voice of bombers the wrong way. And other barracks to be in America where they follow both sides heave. The united states of our guns that by board tennis has a few breathing at this country. Mhm. Ambulance towards the darkest states and I disagree. I don't want to be a packs of mariners in the US. USA. What's a few thousand innocent lives stop living in the past? If you want that sub to drive you're gonna need more gas. It's the greatest country in the world. They train us too, boolean. And anyone who says that obviously and afford to be. And our embarrassed to be in America where we take three hours of sleep. We have a flagged with our head in the sand. It's lightly followed the powers that he ever had to take. Watching states for you on a 65-inch screen. Scratcher. Everything's okay. What a contrast man. You sell what happened with Bubba and the stain on the blue dress. And the meeting and all whipped up into a frenzy. And Kenny Star and Bubba Bubba. Monica Gait and Yadiyatiya. But never last never got all these dead people. And just like that Cindy Sheen come. That was heartbreaking man. I had a hard time. Very much so yeah. Peace of crap. All of them all these these whole fascist regime in the public. We need 45 more votes in 28 minutes. Of course I don't think you're gonna do it. We're gonna do it. Yeah you're gonna do it all right. You keep eating like that. You're gonna be doing a lot. It's not the queen was doing two but George and Mommy to talk about. No I didn't. So what what they the summary of until that story about that. Text message. What's the first day? 1156 the first day is I think my next vacation is like June 15. Something like that. Look how the calendar is. Look at what they is Friday. I got it written down here. June 15 is a Friday. I'll be there on the 15. Which means that's the day you're gonna be. I can't say anything. I'm just telling you for your own you know. Yeah. Look I don't care anyway. Eight none of my business. You care. No I don't. I guess you do. It's funny. I care about the budgetary of very historical and maybe go on here until as far as I care. Because people people would be driving off the road. They'd be driving into the creek and cricks and cricks and in swine. It smells like they got in for a lot of day. If you're getting cricks in their necks. Yeah they would. I think I'd get a crick in my neck just a bad ever. Oh the thought of that is just so. I mean I'm walking the lunch and I'm reading in fact I was walking on the way to the Kinkos to mail at the FedEx to you. Right. Which you did get by the way and you're sending out a good stuff from my close personal friend. I will send it Monday. I forgot to bring in the original actually. I brought in the copies. I've misunderstood the project. What do you want to do? What do you want to do? What do you want to do? I guess nothing. When in doubt it sends it out. I don't want to start playing bushboss here because I never do that. But in this particular case. But in the fall it's you know. I mean it's not an emergency. It's not a lot. It's not a lot. So I might not have a padded envelope. But I'll look around. You know the choice is yours. Padded envelope or padded cell. Take your choice. Still 157. Of course you need 43 votes and 26 minutes. That's not too limited. But boy it's sure not. Not much happening there unless you get a chunk or two. We need some chunks on our full here. And it's a. And it's a see the reason that we're not getting a humongous is because it's a one when you got 65% almost with one answer. It's not like there's some controversy or something there. There's no controversy. The internet is where they get most of their porn. Most of the audience. Shame on them. Not. I just want to know the websites. 11. 50 cent will still. It's just not changing. Your dead meat man. I'm just telling you right now. Did meet. Not going to have. Okay. What do you think? What do it? I'm looking to promising that when it money. And although this is always the time to say about 35 after the hour. Think this is when when Eric steps on the break up there in Orlando. He's slammed on the break and he puts his finger on the big button. He puts his phone on it. And oh, we got another one. 158. Oh. Wow. So anyway, I'm sitting there. Or would buy it. My machine in the blackberry buzz is my property. Not I don't want to go into. You have to admit it. I mean, when I told you what I've said yesterday morning that they before. Yeah. I'm going to go for warnings. Yes. In between tell everybody else that I knew in the world. And it just was one of the most bizarre experiences of my lifetime. I can't tell you that what it was. Use your imagination. Who writes this? Kevin Whiteley, research and menace US by agency. Say, I'll cut his top leaders once on the run of a group. Heck of a job there, Brownie and the WF fascist. When President post talks about what some of it on these days, it's usually the rally support for the US effort in Iraq. Last month, he told not to instate. Bin Laden is outcut and that work had made it clear. They want to drive us from Iraq to establish safe haven in order to launch for the attacks. But over the past year, US intelligence agencies had completely revised the assessment of Al-Qaeda and reached an alarming conclusion. Bin Laden already has a safe haven in Pakistan and maybe stronger than ever. In Pakistan, the shift is dramatic. Two years ago, in the head of the defense intelligence agency, Vice Admiral Lowell Jacob, he went to Capitol Hill to deliver his annual threat assessment. He described Al-Qaeda leaders as better and isolated. O-Sawam Bin Laden, the senior leadership no longer exercise centralized control and reverse control Congress. The more serious, ready ended was a burgeoning network of individual extremists in entrepreneurial cells inspired by Bin Laden. The judgment essentially remained unchanged through 2006. When the current head of the DIA, Lieutenant General Michael Maples visited the Capitol Hillers here, he warned that the group leaders are residing and actively plotting from their new base in Pakistan. Al-Qaeda retains the ability to organize complex mass casualty attacks and inspired others, Maples said Al-Qaeda has consistently recovered from losses of senior leadership. And it goes on to Longster, it's on our website, research and minutes by Kevin White Long. But we're worried about Bubba and a blue dress baby, and at the same scene on the blue dress, that's the bad stuff. You like to say that? What? Seem Taylor? Are you going to start up with me again because you better watch it? Where is that thing? Or what? I'm just trying to find that traffic. Oh, there it is. Hey, that one. Scared now out of myself. 1170 on here, now what do you think we need? We got 23 minutes for 30 votes. That's not even close to two a minute. Chris is pretty confident. And of course, he's not interested in why you keep wasting your time with us. Because of that. Because of the game. 1170 won't. They're right? No, because. You can do it. Yeah, because it's something to shoot for. It's a girl baby. It's a hockey game. You shoot for the goal. Goal or like in a soccer match. You shoot for the goal if you ever get close enough with an 100 yards. 1172, 20 votes in 22 minutes. That's fairly worth a 1 minute. Now we got the oxygen tanks in yet for. That's right. Speaking of helium. First we got the helium tank and then keep going. Before we got the hopper for 2.5 long hours. 4 to 6 30. Now we're going to have our win back on today or be no. Guess who? No, I said just understand. I said I lied. I'm not asking anybody. Say rhetorical question. Whatever that means. That's what Friday you best in. And then the Lord said. Let there be light and more. There was light from the same people who brought you that much. Be loved talking Bible comes a new 10 volume set. Bring in 3 updated for the eighties. Yes, it's the rapping Bible. There was dark everywhere. Then the man said, right in the night. What's the thing? He said, I've done good. There's no doubt on the 7th thing. He just showed up. Genesis, Genesis, beginning of death. Beginning of death. Finally, they're good, but it's bad. And his word is not there. Check it out. There's a child going on. And the Lord, everybody, party, black, and look to mark. God, the devil said, now my fault. Don't look back where you turn to. The white of the beat started to breathe. The cow came up and mixed that key. Take a lecture of a cheat kill. Imagine all the song, all the parables. Every sacred difficult word. Interpreted by the finest second empties of all time. Genesis, Genesis, Genesis, do the wrong. The rough thing, by God. Making his word fresh again. This is like top liver or what? That's probably prohibitions. A man, look at it. Because don't do this and don't touch that. And don't beat in a ice cream today. What do you think? Please don't. Let me mean, please don't. I'll do whatever it is. Why, I know you will. Just don't be getting pushed. Can I say something? I want to say something. Look at that. It's 68. It's going to be 75. The sunny shining man, what a wonderful little hazy though. 1184. We need 16 votes in 16 minutes. I'm sure Chris has got a big smile on his push now. Can you tell between the roles of fat? Huh? Well, I mean, I think you believe you're in. But I just, it's, it's, it's, it's, you know, maybe we're going to give it the next next time I click that is going to be a big chunk on there because it's just not happening. That bothers me a lot. You believe me? No. Oh, okay. Well, I make it up. Just to try to, it's, it's the sight thing. Like if you move quickly, you know, if you call now. Like Mr. Rigo, look where it got him doing that stuff. Got him to be a born again, Christian, without being 85 kids. I told you, Nick Lawrence is one of our, my space. Oh, there's a vote. See I told you there's one coming in. We need 15 votes in 15 minutes. We need 16 tons. You load 16 tons and what are you good? Another day older and deeper in debt. That's my story. Same pitted don't call me because I can't go. I owe my soul to the company's stole. 10 to see any four baby. It was number one for 100 weeks in a row. Well, the music was sure, corny back then in the 50s. You know what? You load 16 tons and what are you getting? I'm going to check your neck members that real big. It's on camera records too, by the way. Check a neck 10 to see 24 with a mustache. You ever see him doing who that is? Sure, and he was on I love Lucy that one episode. That's because it early. Lyle of Lucy. Here's that Germany story. Each be nine per minute by the way. Don't forget oh boy do I like it there. I was a little slow. I just have to go right now. I love what I have this. But just, just, just, just, just, just, just. I really love this. But, what? For good I have sign. No way. People say your man is me. No, but they make the voice of deep. Isn't that? No, the muscle. We may have the balls of the nose. But then, blood and skin and bones. A mind, that's a week. And the back that's strong. You know, 16. Why, you get to tell me, I see they love the deep. Yes, over in deeper than anything. It's true that guys would, and nothing. You would know of course, but guys would the voices have gigantic co-homes, you know? Not necessarily, no. Oh, I should probably know the answer to that. Although, I don't know. I never really thought of taking a survey. Okay, I was so mad with you next time. See ya. Yeah. 1188. I'm actually when I said we're going to get 1200. You thought boy, you shouldn't be messing with that, you know. If you just settle for 11. Don't ever settle for a second, based like our management. Second test. 21st. That's what I got. It'll settle for whatever they got. It's one with a crap that they've been put on. How about that? Oh, point over. Oh, another clock. That's my favorite hour. You want to 30 say they've discovered a terrorist plot in the advanced stages of planning against US citizens or in first in Germany. East being on Berlin, man. You know who said that, don't you? No. See, I know something. Kennedy. Who? Kennedy? That's right. You didn't know. You just, I guess. It's just try to be less. That's right. The plot, which has been planned for some time. The use of bombs and small arms and senior federal official told CNN today. Bombs and small arms. I know somebody with small arms. Maybe Bill. Little guy. As to might be responsible, the official said now how to fully franchised in Europe a franchise is that like Taco Bell or what a franchise. Other members of the intelligence committee told CNN they felt that thread information was vague on timing. The Department of Homeland Security issue. And remember what I've been telling you everything in life is timing. 90% of life is timing being in the right place in the right time. More vice-eversy. The Department of Homeland Security issue of the statement saying there was no credible intelligence to suggest CNN thread on US soil. The US State Department of Homeland Senate awarding a war. It says warden message. Do you think they mean warning message? Warden. What's a warden message? I don't know. I think it's a typo here by the, if I see an ant they suck. Saying US diplomatic and consular facilities in Germany are increasing their security posture. We're taking these steps in response to a heightened threat situation. By increasing their posture, they mean they're like, who stepping is that what it is? Because that's your word fit in with the times in which we live, baby. Who stepping? They had a level of concerns sufficient to cause the notion that the warden message discervide word, well, I don't know what that means the warden message. No, I don't. State Department spokesman Sean McCormick said that they asked about to report some a terrorist popping discovery said I don't have anything new on that. German Interior Minister Wolfgang Schoibel told ABC Wolfgang. The danger level is high. We're part of the global threat by Islamist terrorism. US air marshals are providing additional protection of flights between Germany and the US. Law enforcement officials suddenly fly to Frankfurt anytime soon if I were you. I mean you can go ahead. Frankfurt. Ever been to Frankfurt? It's crap. I don't like it. Hamburg was a beautiful city, but I don't know. It was not the same. But Frankfurt is very like low. I don't know. It's like the financial center, but not a tourist place. And the people there are like mostly like from Morocco and Algeria, they're not like we'll strike Germans. Like in Berlin and Cologne. Although maybe the people in Berlin and Cologne are not real Germans. Maybe the real Germans are like the one in Frankfurt. We're going to slowly and sloppy. I don't think so. I think the real German people are the beautiful people in Berlin and in Cologne. East B. and Berlin. 1193 and you need seven votes. You got 11 minutes. That should be a shoe in. Shouldn't it? Yes. That was George Tenet said it's going to slam dunk. 1194. 1194. There's another one. You got 10 minutes for six votes. Let's stay on until we get to 1200. Even if it's like 2015. Geldi won't mind. And the audience certainly will be upset about that. Geldi will be on a two for a mad dog, so I have to know. Now, it's Geldi going to tell us what's going to happen when the hockey games go someplace else. Or is he sworn to secrets you on that? Yes, can me. I don't know. I'm just asking how loud. You know, you know me while I'm watching the numbers on here. I'm thinking, I don't want to like sit at least like the sounds of silence for Christ six. What are you thinking about? Leaving me to. I'm thinking about lunch. And I'm, and you know what? I better not know. In 1996 we need four votes and we got 10 minutes nine minutes in the 16 second to do it. Easy piece of cake. I'm not going to have another lunch located the other day. Oh, low. If I started getting a whole bunch of text messages like I did Wednesday, I might just have a big lunch. Because that's what put me over the edge. Read all of that stuff. Oh, no, I just, I got so distraught. You know what I mean? I drink that whole big lunch. The message is kept coming in. The hits kept on coming. Or at least the message is doing anyway. Three minutes. Three votes to go till 1200. What do you got on your is Chris? 1197. Oh, for crying out. Come on. Let's get this thing over where they always do this stuff. So I've had to have three people out there and they got their finger up in here. They just read the tap that baby and the pull too. They're ready to tap the pull. When we're the first time, I keep hitting that view current thing, view current view current. And just it just ain't happened in that. I think maybe we matched that. Maybe that's the whole audience now. 1197. You got anything more? No. Either one of you, huh? Look. 1197. We need few more votes. We got eight minutes and 12 seconds to do it. Now you folks out there, you know, damn well, you can do it. Even if you go to 50 times already, you can write again. But there's a little less. There's a little less. It'll come in. It'll come in. Your ship will come in. Yeah. How you're spilling that? It's still stuck on 1197. I think Eric has put the cabash on and he put the brakes on. He put the emergency. You got 98? Yeah. Oh, that's great. 1198. 1199. 1199. Here we go. We're on the edge. Great. Let's get all that stuff to you. Up here. Wait a minute. 12 hundred. You know. What were you going to do? Chances to see it. Well, oh, watch. Sports love. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. That's more like it. I can't go. The sound of Florida, baby. Baaaa! We hate you. I love that. I think one of these is how much is play that for hours. In fact, I got a good idea. Joe Abbott would like it really a fantastic. We'll play a tape of that for four hours. I'm going to buy every child. I'm five, six, seven, seven. W, Q, A, A. Are you ready for it? I'm starting to go. I'm going to go. You know. It's done. You keep back in rush. I feel the new feeling. Cause the key piece of what's the very good. You don't like humanists, so you need a reason. I'll give you one. In fact, I'll give you two. And you booze when they're watching. That's what we hope you do. You'll set the only good things in the remake of the thing. If you don't like the internet and card changes. You may think this movie is the worst. But we hope you will survive again. That's what we want to talk about in my show. These booze will make fool watching. That's what we hope you do. Cause there's the only good things in the remake of the thing. Today on my Space News. Cool new people. Jeff, Dylan X. Butterfly kisses. Shayna 1974. RKD, THC underscore force one and governor Tommy Thompson. Today on my Space News. My Space News. If you're a friend of Tom, we're a friend of yours. Bye. Bye.