I am Mani from the Canadian Boamon Show, what's your first name, Manl? What kind of work do you do? I'll listen to it, and I'm a student. Manl, I'm a student. How many stars are on the US flag? 15. What is that? Pull on the civil war in the north? No idea. Cool father, Spanish American war. I mean, you know, like you can't say it though, I don't know. I'll speak to the American. What number present was spent in the Canadian Second? 13. I am Mani from the Canadian Boamon Show, what's your name? This time. And we're, who are you? What kind of work do you do? I'm a lot of work right now, and many of the people, how many stars are on the US flag? God knows. I don't know. Pull on the civil war. God, I don't know. What is the capital of Florida? Man, I don't know. I don't know. Who fought in the Spanish American war? I don't know about wars. If you travel directly north from the United States, what country will you be in? Europe, one number present was spent in Franklin. Oh, you know. Come on, you need to buy him. I am Mani from the Canadian Boamon Show, what's your first name and what kind of work do you do? Does that come to the student? John, I'm a student. How many stars are on the US flag? Just two, one, the civil war. The way? That's so right. I think it was a South, the South, right? Who fought in the Spanish American war? I don't know. I have no idea. If you want number present was spent in Franklin, who would know anything? The only choice of reasons was you? I am Mani from the Canadian Boamon Show, what's your first name and how many stars are on the US flag? Just two of them. You're right. I'm one of the civil war. You're making one in the capital of Florida. In Jacksonville, one number of freshmen who was spent in Franklin, who would have won a American history in the war. I think they thank you. The views expressed on the previous program. All right. I'm right. I do not reflect those of the views of the people. You can't complain about the intellect of South Florida, baby, because they're in any. I thought the West one is civil war, didn't they? It's for sure like a man. That was nice, yeah. Incredible. These are all as well. And we're out of here at 1250, baby. All right. Let those mountains and the carnals too. I'll tell you where she's at. I'll tell you where she's at. You know where she's at. You know where she's at. You know where she's at. You know where she's at. You know where she's at. You move it 300 is an outright life. It is an attack. And the people's are around. Are we a weird person on the stars? You are American cultural officials. Have declared psychological war by resistance to hold it. Contrary of Iran. But we being a peaceful people. We'll only demand the American doctor's responsibility to be turned over to us for immediate and very human being. After the war of course the whipping starting and removal of a vintage. Barbara's nice and Alex Paul one and Nancy Pelosi. Our shirt as this will happen. If this does not come to a more safe location. There is always the nuclear option. Make a hole. Sing your song to you. Not my own. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of Iran. The president of the polls. Tony, the most add little view. The president of Iran. The manager of your world champion. St. Louis Cardinals and all other stuff. Does anybody we care about baseball anymore? My God. That is so pass. Oh. It's a good station. So pass. Let's just get in a lot of spots and make a lot of money. Deal. God. Several days ago I commented briefly on some recent statements that have been made by some members of Congress about Iraq. And it's important to make this point at the outset. The president of the United States purposely misled the American people on pre-war intelligence. American soldiers and Marines serving in Iraq go out every day of the some of the most dangerous and unpredictable conditions. These brave Americans were sitting in the battle for a deliberate falset. Pre-war information was distorted to corrupt the oil for food program. There is no denying that the president lied to the American people. This is revisionism of the most corrupt and shameless variety. It's also something I enjoy. It's one of the reasons I've stayed in the business. And I believe the feeling is probably the same for most of us in public life. The president and his administration paid our country and paid the liberties for which we stand. Of the movie they go out on the shadows. Have no regard for the laws of warfare and feel unconstrained by any standard of morality. The president of the United States is dishonest and irreprehensible. None of us should want it in the other way. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. It's been 17 to 5. 16. I give the schedule no I did not. Marlon's in the Cardinals of 1250. Well that's a bad break for the audience that we have to get out of here early. Oh man. Don't ask me about LeBun because I won't tell you. Oh did you lose my ass? Bad. Bad. You're a bad street right? You're a man on a really nasty street. You know the money I've lost the last two three weeks of Woodbun. I mean want to think about it. But anyway. Marlon's in the Cardinals. Let's not talk about it. Then I'll call back there was playing the quarters and Vegas. See, well he doesn't understand and his foe, foe, my friend they call yesterday to try to get me all whipped up. You know what is a fake indignation. Nobody cares about some schmuck out there this plan. I mean you know if you're a Schlepper. Of course play the nickels. But the quarters have a good time. That's all. But nobody cares. It's not interesting. If I'm I would buy and I'd be care because I'm legendary. See there are no colors that are legendary. There's some that are trying to be but they'll never make it. So if I have a good date wood vine or I find a bunch of bad machines like History they want to hear that. I'm not going to go into great detail you know. It's like my late friend the great fat rich with his race track story. Oh I had the one over the four five seven and the seven broke in the four way into the great y'all. Nobody cares rich. I mean he's a great guy you know. Western piece. Big piece. But nobody cares about those things. Okay let's get back to Josh and me on the elevator there now. Well I think it's an interesting story. I mean it was kind of different. I mean I give you credit for that. I mean more see a lot of people as you know when I'd building. Especially the people of power 96 traditionally. Right from the very beginning. We've been in there almost 10 years now. Right. Niners plus very unfriendly. Yeah I'd say that. Yeah that's right. That's right. The people of power like they they're on FM and they're big they you know they have a living and breathing audience and they're talking to people under the age of 100 and we're just on AM. We're just a bunch of old crookers on AM even the long probably making more than the whole damn power 96 payroll. But what if it's a zap make you know. Now that's right. I believe that. I think that's probably true as far as the on the air talent. Well they do. One guy could give you a run for your man DJ Lazz but you think he's making the big bucks. I don't know if he's making as much as you I'd say. Okay Lazz is doing just fine. No give me a guess. What do you think he's making? If I were a guest listen let's play right out there on the table. Okay you and me today okay Josh my good buddy. Okay. First of all friend who loves me like crazy. I would guess I guess he's pulling down around a mil. Get out of here. DJ Lazz you can me. Why do you say like in those and he is he's doing. He's doing. He's doing. Yes he's liking. I don't know if he's going to be a good one. If you're a judge you should be making seven figures. So you can go to a with vinyl lose your ass. No but the point I was trying to make about the elevator is that there are a lot of very on friendly people including I remember one time this is a story that really is still to this day for us my ass talk about the epitome of soft food almost wrong with it. I mean we had been building all that long and I get on the elevator to go home at the end of my show. And you know it's a short what is it 15 20 seconds going on with that. Yeah, I'm going on this when the elevator is working. And there's two young guys on there. I mean both agree so I wasn't all interested. What? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not a paid attention okay. But they were all agree. But then then they were speaking English when I got on the elevator. Okay, they obviously got none to go down just before I did. They were speaking English just like you and I are right now. And all of a sudden the soon thing out on the elevator the door closed. It was like. It was like. I got a lot of fun. I thought. And not only didn't they even acknowledge the fact that I was on there or highly of how you got a heavy deal to wrap up yours and you faddle. Or faddle or whatever, but it was just rude cell. Screwed. Well, that one must be in date. I thought they were going to talk about you without you knowing what they were saying. Only one talk. I you think it upon him. I think it upon him. I got the 10-15 words down you know. Who are those trace like Scotty Mac? Who are those trace? We can kill the whole show on this because we've got a short show today. But I think it's uh.. It's interesting the fact that you would at least had the balls to introduce yourself. I'm a big fan man. I say I'm a big fan and I'm a bond man. I tell you I had like Tom myself off at the time I got to tell him the first floor Made it in the back like that Huh made it impact like that. No, I don't mean that kind of a no, no don't start getting like that Okay, don't start trying this into some kind of a sexual thing. I did a bunch do it Not a related or believe believe believe me at my advanced age You'd have to be somebody hell of a lot more interesting than you would have it impact like that believe me when I tell you No, I'm just saying it was just a nice kissy kissy job. That's all there you go. Yeah, that was nice And I thought to myself do you want a nice kid, you know, and then of course you want a fork and I'm gonna show and I realize well WQQ, they found hello WQA and hello See we're picking right up where we left off yesterday. We were Reverend Jones and his entourage of misfits and lunatics and idiots I'm not gonna waste too much time with that today again full me once she made us QAM WQAM hello Hey, I'm the host person for the toopless brigade. You think it's that one of the fish one of the problems with Miami-Dac County Yeah, go away Tony Larusia manager of the World Champion Sandley was Cardinals found himself sitting in the jail cell instead of a bug out this morning after a D-Y-West overnight in Jupiter Oh, no, I knew he was out of this world under cover city officers discovered Larusia sleeping the wheel of his blue for SUV around midnight last night near the intersection of military trail and Frederick Small Boulevard the Palm Beach post B-San The engine was running the transmission was in drive and his foot was on the break initially He didn't respond to several laps on the driver side window finally he was roused. Hey, Tony. Hey, you smoke he drunk Finally he was roused Larusia 62 almost his old design for Christ's sake. So in other words very old Was determined to have a blood alcohol content of 0.093% Jupiter police and a statement toward a single driving limit is 0.08 And he was 0.09 He was booked in the Palm Beach County jail for hours later the charges a mr. Meiner Members of the Cardinals were informed of the arrest as they arrived at the stadium Thursday for work face fresh shock and support for their manager He was one of the most acclaimed managers in baseball even before he managed the Cardinals to victory in the 2006 World Series I haven't heard anything said great in the loop or former member of the Marlins not pitching for the Cardinals I just know the kind of person he is not much respect I have for him. I'll respect him a ton. I'll stand by him Oh, if we only had stand by me by Benny King right now, which I know you do, but you know you can't get in the judges goods there, can you? No, not really. I mean I can't let him get into the judges goods 24 past 10 a QN here's the pull result from yesterday Short show today with the Marlins in the Cardinals at 12.50 a month or Tony a lead back in the bench show for today's game You think? Sure with a bottle by his side bottle a honey can 845 ohs out of this pool already a thousand even with a short show today a thousand as a given anyone Know why because this is the legendary You're right your show not just your ordinary pedestrian show Legend freaking dairy Here's the pool if I could be somebody else for one day. I would be we had 1357 most they didn't like this pool They didn't like it and you know something when you come right down to what they didn't like you because they don't get it These people ever call saying you have to are back in his prime. You know what kind of a deal is that? That's like saying a blanket when he was present. You know what what if I could be somebody else for one day I would be whoever to help we're talking about now not not 40 years ago Well, he who have there still wins 231 because with this crowd out there all they want to do is get laid You know and I say You blame me. Yeah, no, I agree with that all This business about you know if you're gonna go to school and learn something that'll be helpful to you in your career and make you a lot of money And all that that's great because then if you make some money, then you can get laid that much more But other than that there's there's not anything really all at relevant That's a terrible thing to say on the air. There's young and personal people off there. Yeah, good I hope they take the message from me. Okay, enjoy it and do it. That's my suggestion. Okay Do it a lot and do it even more you have your 331. That's what that's all about not because he's a great looking guy or because he made a lot of money But because he I may know what to deal with I got a baby 304. Yeah, sure tiger was 145 Not because he's a golfer and what that golf stuff would derail this week. Oh, oh my god Talk about pain, but because he's married to a hot blonde chick isn't that right? Yes, yes, yep I'm not asking is that that's why they want to be him and I hate this pull a hundred ninety percent Well, I don't plan time Brady 61 and not because time Brady's a great three a time Super Bowl champion quarterback Or a great athlete or look so damn good or all those other things because time Brady's impregnating every hot chick in the world He's busy. He's taken my advice. Okay. He's not wasting any time baby George W. Bush 53 and I don't I'm not even touching that Neo Rogers 52 so they could be legendary fat. Well, fact for a day or the queen for a day like that Old TV show would jack Bailey queen for a day. It's not the same jack Bailey that used to drive it burning down by with Bill Clinton 52 Howard Stern 50 by edge. How he bill gates 44 anybody but who I am 35 Peter North 20. He'll straight you to Peter North. He's still got it. He can still bring it with a best of laying highs in the 20 Ryan Jeremy 14 fat as they say in China baby George Rodriguez 13 Shaquille Oli or Shaquille. I'm anybody else by that name dude Shaquille No, Shaqs got 10 pile and 10 Hillary Clinton 10. Oh, they like to be a real book broad with a Thing silly cross-be-nine Vanessa paradise nine only because she's married to Johnny Defa. No, try and Brady Quinn Solomon says get her. Did he cock it? Yes How Vana Gila Venice M Vana Gila Venice Vana Rannana Vana Rannana K Excellent. I'm obsessed with those sometimes that people's darts in me that disc that I've forgotten all about you know I got all these discs Always CDs and all this great stuff from the past is on her and From the I would eat is which I'm sure Josh was listening back in the I would eat it that's when I started listening to really an I would eat Yeah, my dad listened to you so I was in the car. I was listening. Well thanks, Dan That's good And what about Chris you weren't listening the R. D. D. D. Not it wasn't so each came over here Cuz we had The lovely Anna Perez Sometimes I feel That life is nothing Me I'm just going to play these in the crime shames. I love not Something to think about this sometimes I feel But people no one do No Nice In my turn on my radio It makes me smile like a child Like a child we got to share Music is on my radio Music is on my radio Music is on my radio Oh Yeah We also have one with the a fart version too that we can't play anymore. I probably do it here I can play for now you can dump it. All right, let's do it. Do you want to do that? Yeah. I'm on the show today. Let's do it. I'll dump it All right, but the audience is going to feel cheated people on the internet. Oh here. Oh, that's right This is much that was great. Oh, well, if you heard the whole thing you really love it. Oh, you'd be in his stairs You'd probably get on the elevator with me again You're okay Josh. You're a good guy, but luckily for you. Just not you know One of those really in fact the whole building if it would have been J. P. Now, love. Oh, and George keeps pretending He doesn't think that the kid ever worked in our station It's a good thing George is out so today. Maybe the Lord is punching him for bad memory God One Pablo That was it. I was about the only good looking guy we were heading that building much less working on a station Is there anybody else know? I'm not asking you guys what do you know? That's always the response. Oh, we wouldn't know. I know it's 179 votes out of days poll We're gonna be 900 plus by the top of this hour man talk about power So DJ Lass is making a million bucks. I'd say it around there. Yeah You're just picking a number you're picking that out of your butt man like most of you to pick the dingle bear is your pick That number out of your butt I'm your right now Like don't you get a last let's see if you got the buttons there's it on the VC on the 360 like I got it here What? Black dome is it on there See Jack don't right away. Yeah, see there. Okay. That's it like real or memory X You know, I'm gonna be used to have those spots on TV with elephant still is it real or is it remember I've seen oh is it from Josh? Rectome or is it from Neil I'm waiting Rectome See that now wait a minute was that Chris who where the hell did that come from? Okay, right dome. I'm trying to think when you stop Okay, now let's get to this poll today. What it oh and speaking that look what's leading on the poll today Is it great? Would you stop eight I think the audience is doing that would you people stop hitting that damn button for crying out loud? What is wrong with you? Man, I think they've got ass on her my back dome hell It damn they're children. Okay. What do we got we got eight hundred and eighty four hosts for this is I'm talking man. This is the week. What did I say earlier in a week? Question I said this is the week like a two point in my life When by the way speaking of that for my Close personal friend out there who may have read some of the ramblings I wrote this morning I know how to spell the P word. Okay. I just come probably get a little bit of motion For fear that I might actually think about one but at any rate You know the people where I'm talking about no, what do you say it ends in why but I put I don't know why did that I and G 884 votes on a poll which medical exam or procedure causes you the most anxiety he asked Procological exam finger up the back those but and this poll is only as it was sinned by the elistner whoever was What if that was Charlie B? Yeah, it was Charlie B. Thanks Charlie by the way you're the best he sends an 80s in polls every day Procological exam 302 Luke can now 132 who I never had one of those That's why I'm in such a good mood this week it's the first week in three weeks I haven't had to go to the dentist and get the Drill and popkey to round with all you a week straight no two two Mondays in a row But this is the first week I didn't have to go so I'm gonna even though I lost my ass I'm much rather be lose my ass at wood bind and go back to the dentist again I would a great hate this pull 99 111 percent now that that number is unacceptable because this poll is fine as G I wine is not damping wrong with it Devil exam 61 toothpick strangen 56 see how this is mostly dental crap But your whistles we got out there whistling Giving a blood sample Giving a blood sample 44 see that's one thing I hate about whether you're instant messaging somebody you can correct the spelling Right, yes In fact what you can do what I usually do is I like just retept the word in the next line and so they know if I misspelled it That I'm enough that's stupid, you know But in my space if you sense that the MSG in it You spell the like a native you can't correct it and it's not really worth the effort to send another MSG Oh gee, I misspelled that the word you know What do you do? They keep you like a proof of it like this is what you wrote kind of the oh I am not around have the time do you think I got the time in my electice You're an important legendary guy like me and we write what do you write articles? I mean if that's right none of your business what I'm right. Okay. I'm right a lot of perverted sex stuff is what I'm right And that's when I'm getting back good stuff I'm using stuff and in my case it is amusing dental cleaning 43 giving a stool say Sanctal 32 You know I could tell the story of my endoscopy and colonoscopy a few years ago I think we'd all like that when you really yeah almost as good as the story about my grassroots Michigan State but I told that one on here many many times you've heard that story haven't yes I have okay and I you got to admit that's pretty good story. It's very good At any rate it was what else was I got to do that was the only way I could protect myself was getting drunk I mean immediately live not sooner and poor Arlene the girl I took on that date, you know God heard drunk as on it the only the only thing I can remember about the actual being out there in the woods is her Remembering looking over every now and then she'd be finding a different spot like a dog you know on how dogs Nistima different spot to squat and pee in the woods because we were drinking so much Mysterbrow but at any rate Giving a stool sample 32. I'll say that story about they well, that's not really a story. It's just it. You know, it's the thing Because I was having I had the irritable ball and I had one to get my innards checked out so I had they I got checked out on both ends, you know They put a cue down your throat and a cue the other end Look in there and they look around and check everything out the shoes being naughty and nice and stuff Give me salt headed story. Still sample 32 routine medical check up 25 a God logical exam 23 treadmill test 22 I exam 13 getting a shot 11 getting a shot baby Especially if it's the tainted given the shot Giving a urine sample nine. Oh, why would anybody be upset about that? Well, maybe you'll let it drugs. No, no, but seriously. Oh, I see well look what was the question again? Which medical exam will proceed to cost the most anxiety? I see giving your exam because they're afraid You're gonna find out you're doing all them drugs Drugs baby Breast exam eight and an EKG seven out of 904 but we're gonna be on the way to a thousand by the top of the R You wonder why that's because Josh is here today. That's right. I think George is out in Josh's and we think Chris So I'll take it out Now let me ask you this yes since you and I are so chummy these days You know the funny part of it is that well of course I never was down there when you were working anyway Because when I would come down George would be running the board you'd be like somewhere else You know you'd come in and give me a kiss no, be about it right, but who do you think is making more money George or you and your new position? Now I either want to see what position it is. I don't think I'm very yet I I significantly increased and I'm doing okay Although I don't know what George makes I don't even have a much not enough not enough He's an unsung hero 70 and I sure hope he's not listening home of a sick and think that I'm you know Rippin while he's under the weather, you know Because you're with the audience with things. Oh, yeah, Neil wants to like Michael Jackson with a champion We must somebody younger and newer in there to take George's job. He's gonna I'm not gonna well Do you think I would ever do that no yeah You know Josh says no Chris says yes. No. He's in your will for Christach, right? Who is George? Get out of here. You out of your mind My Roger What or I'll live her no Oh Green and their mother on special assignment for serious evening Thanks to the bush and better stations bungling of this Count up bore in the middle east Motion violence exploded again today in protest of the cartoon Debiting the draft Mohammed here in one stand cool tune down Did you please get a figure on believe on the at oh crap Rain for the violence risk squarely on Hamash And a package then of all days report free protesters were injured today and endos fell on their head Situation was come bounded by the news from Timon that Iran was producing its own Adam In a total reporting live from Tundam and then rather CBS TV Yeah, like 14 before 11 and 5. 60 WM 2 hours and 4 minutes away from the big Marlin pregame show all right That's gonna be really you'll see for us anyway So what's the story like it's 12. 15 you get to go home or you have to go back to your other job now That's pretty funny. Yeah, well, what would mean it's pretty funny? Well, I Aren't you are you being George for the day? I'm queen for the day. Aren't you being George for the day? Yeah, well, that doesn't mean that someone's handling my responsibilities right now. I see such is what will you be doing? Red work But oh wicked web we we that's for only practice practice makes prefect 919 votes on the full by the way We're gonna have a thousand in four shades of a lamb sale not too bad And no kid all been out of shape not because we got that stupid ass exhibition ball game on okay One of these days of it is there a claim that's really gonna count there's still being the interest The nevertheless by the way, I got it on a pretty good source that I called during the break that DJ Lazz Not just from the station, but he's involved in a lot of things it's making a cool around a cool a million dollars Nice well, isn't that great? But not just in the station right you know his appearances and and stuff that he does on the side I'm sure he says he's making about a hundred grand and he's making a grand for him I'd say he's making a lot more than that boy He must be I never heard of him to be honest with other than the fact that no he's in a building He's been around folks at the I-D who I am oh, of course What do you mean by that he works at power? They don't talk to us they treat us like like radio guy DJ like when he is Was the legendary in the Rogers then yes, he does he's probably over there though, isn't it? How old how old are the guys this DJ Lazz? Do you know that's probably about late 30s? 40 maybe I don't know WKWA and not there that's a damn shit. That was gonna be a good call Oh, and that man he piece yeah, he did that adventurer Well, that doesn't tell me anything adventuramo Anventure those kids could be from Miami day to FIU or UM or from hunger all of the above Yeah, I'm from all of those great institutions of our learning be they could be from dimension BCC even Rourke community college Don't be putting down kids it went to BCC okay, just because they've majored in win surfing and stuff like that There's nothing wrong with win surfing ever tried No, well if you're in Florida, you'd say you know one of those things that you do win in Florida You said it's prepared to get there allowed so how was that how was what when surfing went surfing? WQAM hello To want you to make more money. WQAM hello Hey, Neil. Yes, I don't listen to you since the WILC days My foster me on to you and I don't know why foster me on yeah DJ Lazz is pretty only five guys with Polio or something he's got polio Some exonters break or something. Oh, no. Oh my god. He's going to be with the limp He's the gym for the limp DJ Lazz now. He just got just made that up or is that the emissars? That's the truth. No, he is his his moniker is the pimple with the limp He really does have a little yes. I don't know if that that's the actual reason behind it Now is that because he's got polio myelitis now I don't know I don't know so often. Vendor the polio vaccine see the line or something That and you know something the fact that I know that you're in a song Inventive polio vaccine isn't going to give me a later anything like that See that if you know something and it's not going to be advantageous to your sex life It's really rather useless, you know or unless it's going to make you a lot more money like here at QAM We're one and 80 billions spots in a morning show and we can't figure out why they can't crack a one share, you know By the way DJ Lazz is 35 low tool for you All look at this somebody just passed this in we think him profusely and the traffic checkpoint tomorrow Do we want to I just like mentioned it now? Yeah, let me don't let me forget tomorrow because I know George is going to be out sick again tomorrow I think you know how I work two days in the summertime Yeah See because when you run the other side of the glass you were as useless as breast on a on a bull frog You know, but on this side you do a good job They need you got Chris he does a good job in here. Yep In fact when I got that message this morning that George was going to be out sick today I Like I was you can't get myself not that I want George to be sick or I want him to feel bad You know, but I just thought it gives us like a different different perspective for example Some somebody just raised a very interesting question about male prostitutes And you have a lot of thinking what's interesting in that although that it is because it goes back to that BS and Thank God George isn't there today. So I have to fight all day on this thing if if a young guy goes out like years ago I've got photo these stories. I mean what do I care at this point of my life? You know guys used to pick up hookers on the bullvard and the in Queens like me used to pick up young guys Who were hustlers on the bullvard many many a time is nothing wrong with that? We did that poll one day almost I wasn't about 50% Chris 50% of the paid for sex at least once in a lifetime Yeah, right there. So what's the big timis with that? So the fact that those guys are out there selling their body for sex does that make them gay? by by By the hour the minute Gay You're both full of crap make makes them you know, it's it's a living must though the must the living little 11 as Time and Rothwood say well, I'm not gonna open up that pain door as box again, you know, it's just what's the point BS so that the disease will conduct a traffic checkpoint on Friday March 23rd That sounds like tomorrow boys and girls from 730 to 1030 p.m. to Marnight in the 26th-hester block of north-west 49th Avon Lauderdale lakes if Tony Laurosa's less than the yellow water it likes tomorrow night. He'll be gone any wise and Jupiter vehicles have been expected for the effect of safety equipment motors to be asked to show their drivers license Registration proof of insurance and give out a good healthy breath like that They'll be asked to show it tomorrow night 730 to 1030 2600 block a north-west 49th-hav in Lauderdale lakes, which isn't really very nice That's way close. Yeah Well, they keep doing that to us nine hundred and 32 votes on the poll WQAM hello Neil yes Then Marland games got rained out you got to stay on until two o'clock. No, it's not No, it's not Not no chance. It's rained out. You got to stay on it. You're stupid. It's not raining in Jupiter. Schmuck Neil. Neil. Neil. Queensland. Next time they're like that must have been Johnny G Now, wouldn't we know if the Marland game was raining out first or even if it is rained out they come on here and don't they fill the time or something? Yep Huh, they would do a rain delay special Let's see Jupiter weather. Now is this going to give me the city or the planet? Let us know both. Okay. Well, let's see Jupiter weather The weather report is from Jupiter. Oh, that's that's about to planet Jovi and supersturms like those on earth whether I all these on here on the planet I'm gonna put Jupiter Florida It'd be good. Okay. I could just do the Florida weatherman I Could be the weather fairy for an hour You fit right here for Florida Okay, there we go Jupiter Florida weather. That's what I meant. Did you mean yeah? Oh for crying out a lot of thunderstorm I know it's been raining like cats and dogs down there. Let's see. Maybe this is the message I'm looking for That's his that guy was I'm glad you enjoyed it. Go You want to share there? No, I don't I don't share my personal inside messages here. Oh, I'm sorry Sorry, I don't I don't I don't sure it was amusing. I'm glad he got tickled by it. But he gets sick of a lot easily from what I understand anyway Jupiter forecast It shows a thunderstorm with 70 6 and 60 that that doesn't tell me it's gonna be rained out You know Hey, we're switching to the bulk game at 1250 Yeah, listen, I'm gonna tell you well, what am I gonna do? I'm just gonna have lunch anyway I'm not going anywhere 1250 what am I gonna do my gonna go back to woodbind again today? I can wait till Saturday. Okay, woodbind Saturday and lose my ass again Oh, brother this I'm telling you this week has been something I can't I can't use the word on the air And you know why I think it's because I found these old I would eat things is what it is Like this this is another Oh Yeah, I think Something like that we're approaching that thousand mark already. This is a banner day trust me 1941 votes on the pool and here's the deal Which medical exam or procedure cause you the most anxiety Proctological exam we don't want to get too deeply in that back them 317 Group canal 142. I hate this pool 100 eight 11.4% is actually going up What is there not to like about this pool? I think it's most amusing if you ask me Not as amusing as the guy with a weather report but nonetheless Devil exam 63 two fixed tracks in 59 most of this is like truth stuff, you know We'd like to say who you most are afraid of Sandy claws the boogie man or the tooth fairy Oh, giving a blood sample 49 dental cleaning 47 giving a stool sample 32. I didn't tend to the story yet about my I don't want to go into it. Oh, yeah Yeah, you do now. I do not it's too. It's too gross about that whole procedure You got to go well, nobody wants to hear not go on into it too deeply. You'll just have to be already teased it right around the edges here I've teased this routine medical checkup 27 a kind logical exam 24. Have not one of those yet Fred Maltese 23 I've zam 13 what looks the problem with that? I guess because your eyes Will they dilate them? You know they dilate your pupils kind of like what the priest do to the altar boys They dilate the pupils getting a shot 12 giving a urine sample 10 Breast exam eight and EPG solument they see at this is the Neil Roger show There All that Shakty earth crack Make me sick Oh, everybody says that please drink. Oh, I know as he should, some wait. Oh, there's no shun picture is a poor. Oh, it did was make me sure. With never ending warnings, please beware of global warming gore. Here's another end can be in truth. Oh, should be fitted for a larger suit. Oh, listening to him is a show that's much bigger than before. I do not like him. Oh, okay, level 0, 3 at 5, 60, W, I'm a look at if they float or wait. I'm not that I want to be influenced by some quiz link that calls up with that squeaky fake voice. He was excellent though. And I'm looking at the map and I see rain and south Florida, of course. In fact, I see some thunder star stowers over Dave County, but Jupiter is as clear as a bell. That's crystal clear in Jupiter. Perfect. So, exactly. Practice makes prefect baby. Have no fear the marlins are here. Whether without Tony Larusio or any spot on the booth with my master browse. Okay, well, I'm ready for the story. For a lot of story. Go ahead. About my colonoscopy. I'm going to ask you to do it. Do it a living in baby. That's great. And they stick a tube down your throat and a tube tube tube up your back. But they get a not you offer us to give it that really what they give you a shot. Oh, make you the needle man. And they don't put you completely under like if you're going to be operated like when I gobladder I had taken out. It's not that kind of a. I don't know what you would call it. It's like an intermediate kind of anesthetic where you're like you don't remember anything. And they give you a shot. Well, how also they're going to put you out with like laughing gas. But you ask you to put in a utility man. You have to give you a shot. They put that put you out. Like we're pulling the brain and you just never remember a thing. Perfect. Now they give you a needle shot of some stuff and they you know nothing. Which is probably not all they could especially when you know where they're going to be examining. Probably better to be a little bit aware and then you wake up and then the doctor is standing there. Which is this guy was a very good guy. That was his area of expertise. And he tells you that he looked up there and down there and inside everything is just oh, where are you? Why? He's it looked just like the old Hershey highway or something like that. Say something cute. Said everything was fine. But the night before you know you have to do a little prep like show prep for like doing a show every day. You have to do a little bit of prep like you're going to go in there and get the old canals man. That's right. The ear rekenal and the barge canal and the well on canal for audio Ontario people. Let's go to the well on canal. I don't know what we're going to do there. But let's go to well on canal. And so you have to provide. Well, they do these other tests to a I forget what they call it that they they test for a certain kind of bacteria in your intestinal frank. What? Well, the reason I got concerned about that is that my grandfather. I mean, they all didn't say them care about all this my grandfather on my mother side. Abraham Solomon that before I was born he died of stomach cancer. And so I'm assuming because what do I know about all those different genetic things you know. So I'm assuming that if I were to cope from something like that that could be it. You know, so so the irritable ball you get all you get these pains in the side you think all your genes. I'm going to croak you know. And so let's probably go and have a check down. So then I before you have to do the prep you have to like do a real good internal cleansing you know. What do they call that like a a blueberry explosive animal or something. Yeah. And then also to check for this bacteria which I can't think of what they call it. You have to provide stool samples just little swabs, swabs, swabs. And you have to. I'm not going to go into it. Okay, we can't do that. That's like too heavy duty, you know. It's just a two-growth test. So after smear and smear and then you have to put in these little bottles and close it all up and then you have to shake it up too. Shake it up baby. Yeah. Look what's inside there. Oh god. Look what's in there bottle. So that's what you have to do. There's my might someday you know all you people out there all you punk's man you think it's only us old farce. Well guess what someday if you're lucky you're going to want to be in old far. And then you're going to have to want to do an colonoscopy and the endoscopy and all these two. But every kind of place where you wouldn't even want to imagine you know. And you're like in co-haring. You have no idea what kind of probing is going on there. You have no clue who's doing it and what they're doing. And probably just as well. Speaking of a few, but he missed me creator of the Orwellian news. Yeah. And again, until we got him to put in his democratic operative, the word for a digital consulting firm would tie his to rival Senator Barack Obama. That's not good. Philip DeVelisay strategy with Blue State digital, actinals it in a view of the AP that he was the creator of the video, which portrayed Clinton as a big brother figure and heard support for Obama's presidential campaign. DeVelis 333 said he resigned from the firm yesterday after he learned that he was about to be unmasked by the hovingdonpost.com, a liberal losing opinion internet site. Blue State decided Obama's website and one of the firm's founding members Joe Rossberg's took a leave from the company to work as Obama's director of new media. The connection to the campaign is likely to be a setback, it says for Obama, who has cultivated images of politician who wants to rise above Buronekal politics. Buronekal. It's true. He asked me, he developed a set last night, he said he produced the ad outside of work, and then neither Blue State nor the Obama campaign was aware of his role in the ad rush, Mach, what an idiot. Sounds like sabotage you to me. But a raises to my brows so I thought at best, our resign, not put them in that position, he said, Thomas Gensomer, director of Blue State Digital said the virus was fired, did it. Mr. Develis created this video on his own time, Gensomer said the statement it was done without the knowledge of management, and was in no way tied to his work in the firm or our formal engagement on technology for suits with the Obama campaign. It is all standing to the Obama campaign, said the campaign had no knowledge and had nothing to do with the creation of the ad. Blue State Digital separated ties with this individual, we've been assured he had no work on our campaigns account, the Clinton campaign had no major comment. And the interview later in a blog written for the Havana Post, developed express pride and inspiration about acknowledging that his employers are just a point in angry, it means is it is so, it changes the trajectory of my career he said. And posting his blog he wrote, I support Senator Obama, I hope he wins the primary. I recognize that this ad is not a style of politics. Also, I believe Senator Clinton is a great public servant, and if she should win the nomination, I would support her to wish her all the best. Wow. The 74 second fifth, which I'm sure you've both seen it, right? No. I've seen most of it. A copy of an 84 affelad for Macintosh computers recorded nearly 1.5 million views of an enormous surge in the past two, a few days. Two days, the video is filing, which reads, Barack Obama.com, which has no business being on there. It also means hidden for weeks protected by the anonymity afforded by you, and the absence of federal regulations governing most international speech. The ad portrait Clinton on a huge TV screen addressing robotic humans in a stark futuristic hall, a female athlete tosses a hammer at the screen to strengthen his image with an explosive flash. Then this text, on January 14th, the Democratic primary will begin, and you'll see why 2008 is going to be like 1984. Developed a set of useful digital and updated Apple ad that portrayed the female athlete working on iPod. He said he used standard Apple equivalent to modify the video, and it clinton's image in the clip. Obama appearing on Larry King Live Monday night said he's campaigned new nothing about the origins of the anti-clinton ad. Frankly, given what this looks like, we don't have the technical capacity to create something like this. He said it's pretty extraordinary. Developed a set of these Obama supporters was inspired to do the ad after he read reports that Clinton backwards were strong armoured Democrats for money and support. He added, I didn't really like the style of some extended Clinton videos, and the way they were presenting her on the internet. I just thought it was a little bit disingenuous. Just like her, disinfrickened, genuous at fish. The ice princess, Hillary, but nevertheless. Now this is kind of interesting with how we do this to pull it, somebody's sending pretty boring with her right down to it. So that's it. That's all right. I'll ask you, if the new Roger show was yanked off the air between 10 and 2, I would blank. And it's got a listen to Rush, listen to Sadler Radio, listen to 790, the ticket, listen to FM, listen to the very best in the LCDs, watch TV or throw myself off a tall building. Well, I think that's what most people would do is that last choice, throw themselves off well, maybe not at all building. Because I got told to be for it, that's not a good way to do it. Because they may be halfway down to change your mind. Too late, too late, sorry, Mr. Can't do it. Not a good way to go. Pull it through the brain as a way to do it, then. What do you think? To what I hear, yeah? No. Anyway, let's take a look at what we got here. 978 after the break, we're going to have like 1,000 votes. Probably because Josh Corses there today, and I kind of thought it's got the hot spring. He wants you badly, man. He wants you more, there are no words to describe how much he wants you. He wants to fowl you and cuddle you and put you in a corner and tie you up in a chair and just keep you there. Yeah. Just as a friend, this is a companion. Just to hang out. I'm not going to read this again. I just have to read these in disgusting. I don't know if anyone votes. Especially that thing about the, what's the one I keep getting to working? Giving a stool sample and I keep thinking back to that whole deal with that chair. Well, you know, if there were a God, you think we'd be going through things like that if there was really a God. Any of all you religious notes out there, all you guess is stop and ask yourself that question, okay? If there was a God, will we have these horrible things that we have to be involved in? No, unclean. unclean. Oh God. No, what do I mean? I mean, there's Alberto B. O'Fabman's office. We're in the situation with Bill and I say, Salvo P is in a blue closet. Good place for him. In power and defy our United States of Germany. Get out of here. You will lie in little piece of turban. You. Reak those of time I break this way. I would take all the 20% out there's worship ministry. Those of those who've been bold and everything I see about you. You got the labyrinth. You know me when you said me, But you know me that meant it all far. You. I support the truth. Better than. Let me. That China, give them my debt all my ass. You. Please help out upon our bitter info. For the least power, You. Better. You. I don't care. I don't care. But it is you. I never serve my home free. But I sacrifice my waltz in my favor. Now through four three four ships, That's all right. I pay. The wall them can't come. And if the nuttica is, Shower over the sea. I've got no yellow mat in all my ears. I. Who is. I. All in. So. With their. People. I. I. I. Without their. They. I. Got a. They. Get her. Done. For. Last. Get her done. Maybe it's. 18. It's. I don't even know. What is a provost. I do. I remember Claude Proball used to play with the Montreal Canadians. Let's do some hockey talk. You're fairie. What is the provost? Do it a university. Have any idea? I don't. Well, why don't you go. I'm going to Google it right now. PR OVOST. Probost. Oh, really? Is that nice, Bill? What you got the article there? You fasted to me, didn't you? No idea. No, no, that's right. This is a. For a Christmas. Before you came in this morning. It says the sudden and unexpected. The. The. Well, excuse me, that sounds pretty hoony. Twitty to me, huh? They said that I expected a portrait popular. AvA Maria University provost. AvA Maria. Let's play it by Johnny Mathes. Come on. We can do it. Let's get one for the guest. Maybe it's almost each time. And pay. So. See, all new people out there that don't understand what a much a garbage dollar religious stuff is. Have you ever noticed it's not just a coincidence. Okay, because it's all about business. Of course, it's a Jews in the go. They have to have the major holidays. There has to be some like cross dress crossover. Like so each time you got Passover, Paisach, and then a Christmas time you got Chanuka, Hanuka, and it's an interesting how Hanukkah and Christmas both involved the giving of gifts, spending of lots and lots and lots and lots of money, huh? Anyway. These so many expected a departure popular AvA Maria University provost. John Fesio yesterday. Let's do some faculty stunned and upset. Oh, this is from Naples news.com. That's where they've got AvA Maria's in Naples. Well, they have a great stake in Chica here. Not the sonic sonic. Excuse me. No, you a sonic guy? Oh, I'm a huge lot. When I was in Tampa last time I hit it. You hit it. I hit it. Did you get it? Oh yeah. I bet you did. Yeah. So how was it? I love it. I'm about to get a sonic. No, it's great, man. It's open 24 hours. You just pull up people, bring it up. How did so good about it? I think I'm great burgers there. Like how I fall in on a park. I don't know nothing about the burgers. I just know that I got a little breakfast burrito that was fantastic. And they got awesome like little icy, like lemonade icees. That sounds so nice. So yeah, Jesus. Josh, come on. Oh, sorry. I'm giving all these compliments to everything. I'm trying to boost your career here like icees. Like that sounds like so. Jesus. Anyway. Getting back to obviously. And what about I heard the desserts are fantastic there too. I've never been anywhere near a sonic. I wouldn't know when to one bit me on the left. We don't have that here. But we got hot. We have to harvest. And in Tampa they got hearty. See, that's the thing I don't understand. Why does Tampa have so much so many people. So many better restaurants than they'd been rowered. Why am I, is that the old people like to go to restaurants a lot more? No, it's not nothing with old people. Old people go through fast food. That's when you go through the fast food joints over the US old people. You see a young retard who eventually will be old. Trogled, but I have some day, but there young retard. That's one thing, man. The inbreeding on a west coast of Florida is just unbelievable. It must have been less to like spot down from Tennessee. And our can saw. And Mississippi now Alabama. Through all that young who places. It must have kind of sloped down through that inbreeding like wind up on a west coast of Florida. God. So many orange-haired strange people. But they got sonic. And they got steak and shake. Way before steak and shake ever came to South Florida. For years and years and years. And the good thing about the ones in Tampa this steak and shake like that one famous one on Dale Maybrie. Is that the burgers don't all fall apart in like little chunks like they do with certain ones. I got to want to say this steak and shake on sunrise. But the burgers are really good. And the shakes. Oh man. I get the shakes just thinking about it. So you would give sonic what? On the scale of 10. I mean, you know, granted it's fast food, but you know, I would give it a, for fast food. I'd give it a good eight or nine. Hmm. Josh court is an eight or maybe even a five for sonic. I like. You like? I like sonic. Nice. The sun unexpected the departure of popular ava marigina university provost on Fesio. Yes, they left students and faculty still and upset Fesio once they student of the current Pope. Oh my god, was asked to resign as position immediately yesterday. Fesio said that email shortly after 2 p.m. went. They'd remember is of the ava marigina community. Nothing is departure to brief email read to the ava marigina university community. I mean the ava marigina. I've been asked to resign. My position is provostly the campus immediately. Get out of here. You lunatic. I will miss ava marigina. Ava marigina. And the many of you who will I hold dear. Aha. I hold dear. I wonder if there's a comma in that. In a statement university official said Fesio was asked to stand. I wonder if he's came to Tessio. It was asked to step down as a result of irreconcilable differences over administrative policies and practices. Practice makes perfect. You know. The statement is not elaborate. University officials would like Fesio to serve the university and advise me to capacity in the future. Court of the statement. We are grateful for the last the last paragraph of this makes the rest of it worthwhile. So just bear with me. It's coming in a few hours. A grateful for the enormous contributions father Fesio has made the development of ava marigina. University especially to the liturgical and intellectual development of the institution. The statement read. The liturgical and intellectual development of the institution. Laptured. Laptured. Yeah. Laptured as in back home. The third time I feel you cut the crap. University president Nick Helian school father Tom on a hand. Met with students and faculty in private. As they regarding Fesio's dismissal. According to Barbara Lennon University's folks woman. Neither Hilly nor Monahen could be reached later for comment. Fesio also could not be reached. People don't get asked. We send a get fired. said Reverend Michael Bears. Dina they pre-theologic pro. Threatheologate. I don't know how to say that. To a pre-theologate program. Now get out of here. And ava marigina. I was very surprised. I'm totally shocked. Bears said they don't get re-sied. They fired. And here comes the interesting part. The me with the matter. Fesio's dismissal came one day after recent statements. He made were published in article in the California Catholic Daily title. Hey, hey, baby gay. What do you do? What do you say? This is in the California Catholic Daily. This isn't in some like screaming, fat, paper or something. In the California Catholic Daily, the article was titled, hey, hey, baby gay. What do you do? What do you say? What do you say, sweetie? His statement's also published. Marks tooth on the personal website. I wanted the country's pre-menant evangelist leaders. The relevant A. Albert Mowler Jr. and the article Mowler suggested that there was a possibility that a biological basis for homosexuality may be proven is associated with presbyported. Mowler's argument was endorsed by Fesio. That's it. That's it. Now he's coming to the A.D. and the federal and the Fagote days. That's what he's doing. That's why he's out. Hey, hey, baby gay. What do you do? What do you say? I think it's who do you do and what do you say? And what do they say? What do they say? What do they say? Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Three. No. P cleaned up. You go to that trial and ask for that. You go to the fucking ner crawling but do you do this. Hey, I do the police department. Why Marston you have up curse and you will cry? Why the fuck have I happened and whats next Now you cannot notice about getting back to us to everyone. But keep calling out later. You have up to you. You go from that holy particular matter. And again he has a personal 1000 to vote already. Oh man, what a week on a short and show because of the freaking Marlon game. I wish they got a thousand to vote already. WQA and hello. You know, I must be missing something. You are apparently support the troops means keep them in harm's way. Yeah, okay, right. Yeah, like we don't know that already. Quick try to be like an intellectual bullard. Huh? Yeah, big bullard near from this guy. Like support the troops is just a bunch of double crap to try to like intimidate everybody else especially Democrats who are easily intimidated these days. Oh John and those of you that were there having news conference at noon about her health and about whether he's running or not. I'm sure. Or maybe he just won't say anything like that goofball. Who was it? Chuck Hagle. Remember that press conference? Chris? Yes. It was. He's way on. He's way. And we waited. We waited. Ponderous. Ponderous is an understatement man. A thousand and two votes on the legendary poll. He's got Neil. I'd you like that. John, Aaron, the taxi, kind of. I said, driver, several times. You look that mean so quish agree. I could tell he was on the dog. So I acted out my pop sure aid. And with my arms, the trees are made. No bonus speaks English and a moment. I went down to my camera and I met Beach where the weather was nice and sunny. I walked into a little dust storm but a guy there talks real fun. I asked him for a pint of fortune beaming just not to get into what does that mean? Nobody's putting English anymore. That corner deliever. Hell, I think I've been Pakistan's in Wismillage. Are you single back to the wall? I can't hear. I can't hear the go-mo. Learn my ABC. I don't say much as gross here. I say pretty pretty. So get yourself to a classroom quick. You're American now. Stop making mistakes. Put your butt out of your speech English. Come on in more. I'm a 32. If you ask to the point I was trying to make is that there's like Donna Tellos, which who knows it. I mean I've been in Tampa, and at a long time in a cool stage as they sit on the full last Friday. I would say there's better restaurants in the statehouse. Burn statehouse. Legendary? You can always do. Donna Tellos. No there's just an all the fast food joint. There's hardy's or there's hardy's and we're going to go through this again. We did with Sonic last week. Is there hardy's and South Florida left? No. There's not even one? Not even Solomon Teuno? No. What a shame. Hardy's is good. They got them good shrimp burgers. No, you don't tell me you eat those biscuits. That's where I'm man. I'm not. I'm not like biscuits with gravy. Those things that are like a. No, it's not. No, biscuits are like a temperature 5-4 is man. What are you talking about for their breakfast? They got like eggs that they're just like McDonald's. What is it? Burger King's got those egg crecane wich is. Make me sandwich. Make, what is that? A crecane. A crecane. Okay. Oh, Carl, forcing it. That's what they got. Carl, you know, I like that. Yeah, I like eggs in an omelette. But any other kind of egg like, oh, man, wow. Especially those running ones. I mean, looks, you think it's food but it's not. God. You know, I'm talking about one eggs. No, I'm trying not to imagine it. Well, it's like sushi man. It's the same thing. No. I mean, there are people who eat it but I don't know why, you know? Maybe because they think that they're smarter than me or something like that. I mean, sushi. But seriously, there is not enough money in the world of a good meaty sushi. I'm telling you right now. I couldn't do it. Anybody wants to pay me the sushi? I'll do it. There are a few things in the world that I would not put my tongue near and one of them is sushi. Well, I agree with you to a certain extent. I mean, I don't eat any raw sushi. Yeah. I'll eat like, you know, California rolls, which is just crab and cucumber or a shrimp or a cucumber? Well, what does that mean? What's that kind of an sushi headfish? Well, you know, some of this not, you know, some of it's cooked or like a lobster roll. All these stuff like that. I won't eat like the raw fish. Oh, or anything. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, the pain. WCWM, hello. Hey, hey, I love you, man. Yes, sir. Hey, hey, I'm going to tell you, if there any way you can work past 12, 50 today, those games are getting fond of you. No, we're out of here 12, 50. Rainer shine, baby. We're gone. We're out of here. See you. Bye-bye. Like you guys can't get with say, see you buddy. Nothing. I'm going anywhere. I'm going to make me an omelette at 12, 50. Got some eggs yesterday for these for using my GT Express omelette maker. I ate omelette this morning from the, you know what that was? Nice. WCWM, hello. Hey, me all you doing. And it was free to that was really nice. Great. How are you doing, sir? I'm, I never heard of cooked sushi, but anyway, but I thought sushi was raw fish. No, they have like a, like a shrimp, like shrimp, or a shrimp, anything with the eyes looking back at you. I said, sir, this is Fort Lauderdale has just come up to the modern age. We got a crystals in Fort Lauderdale. All right. I'm worried. I'm sorry. That's been there. That's actually the only crystal down here. I thought it was color line and this sunrise. I thought that I know the only one I know was that when I passed the breakfast day. Just I trust me when I'd say there's one in power line and sunrise, guaranteed a bit Josh's life on it. There you go. I don't think you can get it. Okay, I see they're calling. Crystal. I mean, after crystal is anything all that special, but it's, you know, it's one of those little reseovered joints which show you've got to have those to be like a real place, you know? You just got to have that. Right. We had top-hand hamburgers and we had greens in Detroit. We had those places. If you had a bad night at the track and he's all parking, you were all depressed. On the way back to like Kalamazoo where I was working at the time. On the way back to Kalamazoo. It stopped at top. You go to the drive through and you open up the truck and say, come on. You go to the drive through and you open up baby. Put all greasy little burgers, man. And little cheese burgers with all little nasty onions on them that you're hopefully were really onions and not like moving around at all. Good stuff. W2AM. Hello. Two A.M. Not there. Two A.M. Hello. How are you going to drive through? Hello. Yes, sir. How are you going to drive through? Hello. Yes, sir. I'm going to Chris. Let's get to the friend's father of the battle and talk about prostitution. Yeah. 71 years old. Yes. And I did you ever frequent the tips out. If it stopped lounge. Never heard of it even did. I'm not sure it's frequent. I used to tell you a girl named Lucy. She was a dancer there. Lucy, yeah. And she used to give me what they call Malatee. Okay. Good. Great. I thought you were going to say something else. But nevertheless, we have to admit to everybody little bit whipped up about Lucy. I love Lucy. Some like that. That's what the Kathy Wiltsor always said. 10-20 on a 4-2020 vote. This business of prostitution is illegal and smoking pies illegal and having a good time is illegal. Anything that you might pretty soon they're going to make like a banana split will legal too. Or look at these split. Whatever it is they're going to make it illegal. You'll see. Because that's America. That's American. That's in the way. And of course, that's the peasant about the of the churches. They said in the godfather. The peasant about the of the church. They want to do it themselves. And especially if it's like underage and especially if it's like all for boys. They want to have a real good hanky spanky ton. But anybody else who wants to have a good ton. Oh, you're going to burn and hell. You have to come and confess to father, tool, and sit in there with his gigantic economy size. You're a Vaseline. Okay. Give me a break. Okay. Any of people that go to confession, you need help. You need mental help. I think what you ought to do is the next time you go on you can't let's out there if you're still participating such a lunacy. Go in there and say hey father, what do you do this weekend? Huh? How many of the author boys did you offer this weekend? Father, let's get to the middle of the matter. You old pervert. You old fagoda. Am I right? Now let's hear. You can't let you go out of that two job. I am Catholic. I mean, I never bought into the BS. But I went to those schools. You went to Catholic school. I went to Catholic school. I went to Catholic school. I went to Catholic school. I went to Catholic school. I went to Catholic school. And you survived that? Yeah. Wow. Heavy. Do the hallelujah. Let's hear if you're Jewish quarters. No one reads it. Good guys. And Christian school. Born again Christian school. I'm sure no doubt. Oh, sure. Well, that's good. How long did that big line of thunderstorms? I bet the game's going to be canceled. I'm going to promise that's up in Michigan and the most important thing is matter fact. Fifty five degrees for a height of the in there's Rob Marciano. Looking really, really good. Rob, take the clothes off sweetheart. Let's have some naked weather on a CNN. Good audience for once. Get somebody under the age of 102. Thousands, and twice we vote on a pool. I guess I can read it. I'm a little reluctant because it's got too much straight though. That kind of stuff. Too many body functions. Good pool though. It's part of what they say. Which medical examiner procedure causes you the most anxiety. Baby, practical logical exam finger up the old back dome or young. Rook in L148. I hate this pool. 116, 113%. I don't get that. Do you get it? I heard you do get it. Twoth extraction 73. Denyl exam 70. Josh is going to tell us about his young Russian girlfriend after the abre. Okay. And about all the vodka that she keeps feeding. Now, she actually drink five curses. That just is just a stereotype. I mean, she does. Her family does a lot. Yeah. Vodka and cognac. cognac and vodka. Yeah. But you know, you don't need to liquor her up to get her in the right, you know, frame of mind. Well, the more liquored up the bar. That's always good. It can't be a bad thing. You're right. Giving a blood sample 53. Denyl cleaning 52. Giving a stool sample 38. Oh, no. There's nothing with they do like in the pharmacy. I'm what are you sitting on one of those tools? I sure missed those places, man. I hate to keep rehashed net the pharmacy. Diner places. Oh, like the one on bird bird wherever it is. Red bird. Routine medical checkup 28. Dine logical exam 27. But it all treadmill tests 26. Every every heart every cardiologist man, whether you need or not. Oh, I'm going to have a treadmill test right now. But I'm okay. Yeah. But let's do it anyways. Getting a shot 13, I exam 13, giving a urine sample 10. And holding your breath and way of finding out if all that magic, all those magic instructions work. Breast exam 10 and the EKG still only 7. You, my queen, God. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. I'm going to have a good day. Don't forget about thearter's house right now. Do not forget about it. You've heard that before many times. You heard that before. You're pregnant. I want to do this alone. If you're pregnant I want to do it. roast out you want to see the most I mean if you fat people out there like me fan if you want to get something that you can spare you to quit the crap or speak of quit the crap thanks a lot Chris very uh... director bull he says check out this website and it's all about you know we were talking about about uh... colonoscopy is in your energy also this time and about that don't like that yeah are you clean inside all of this is just says basically i'd be and so we're gas and bloating and like a lot of farting joys like that but anyway before we get to that on our my space page i just it's on their now irrick thank you eric go to the main page or right next to marlin brand okay where the godfather page and it says you know it's almost spring when the girl shirt starts showing their navels their belly buttons you see it i'll be there in a second oh boy you see it Chris i'm going there now when they start showing their belly buttons and there is a woman oh my god hang down your head time dolly what is that it's all stomach in all in my right that all that's just a scant that is the all time i swear to you worrying our our what is it all time worth yeah have you ever seen anything so wrote task in your life i mean he is sitting there she's first of all she's got a dress on that's probably a side of what women dress sizes out of like a size 80 a trickle like and she's uh it's much it's several sizes too small you talk about june is rustling out all over this old this bag she's a bigger than a cow and and i like the sneaker she's got on two of those socks and that pricey checking out the socks and sneakers um try okay where is this i can't find two his my space i'm on your page the first comment the one where the godfather with marlin brando that page not that other page uh you see it oh my god oh my god everybody at town is going to be going oh my god if you hate to show you still have to take a look at that okay i'd rather see the save the well picture oh my god that is just and she is sure her belly button for the spring that's for damn sure how how is that possible i've actually seen the beast that happened to the beast before he wears i mean i have a second put the uh small one also lots more not used to be but it doesn't like hang down between my legs like that you know i'll over to the ground hit someone set her feet it's almost to her ankles it's almost to the top of the great flashy blue socks that she's wearing with a white sneakers man you talk about a fashion plate she meets she makes me look like jordio our money like calvins kind have you ever in your life seen anything so unspeakable so unmeable now that picture isn't taken in tap i have no idea or was maybe maybe in temple terracer lutes as an out of loot sleep oh brother thousand forty six votes on the pool now you think i should really waste my time we've got less than an hour until a marlin pregame show and we love those marlins baby because the marlins are nice especially when they play really games even though they've been boring is very extremely and josh knows that he's a man off the air is ripped him and ask i don't even say that what that's just a joke why you want to go back and work on those boring marlin games again you don't want to do that look look at the progress you made since you got off of that garbage it's all money hey they they paid you know they're right i guess and they pay on time oh by the way speaking i can pay on time chicken that cure our thing is in the mail for me i don't know about the station they don't take good cure him or anybody else they're keep your joe belt keeps running around all man the sales is great the billing is up that we're making a ziggins you know that's great joe i'm having for your joe but if that's the case how come lie down to pay your bills because it's the beesley with not joe it's the beesley's man the beesley's put the m and meesley trust me when i tell you how to be constipation i be as bloating stomach pain and skin problems while getting more energy and flatter stomach at the same time see i think this is a good story for that poor lady who's sitting there hanging down her head like time do we sitting on a bench in a temple terrace it says the people in the pictures above as well as thousands of others whose stories you'll find on drnature.com love suffered from constipation irritable bowel bowel i be a severe gas and bloating weight gain chronic fatigue acid reflux parasites stomach pain that particularly the skin and hair problems and many other common ailments all of these are the things they put an end to their suffering by becoming clean inside you want to clean inside baby and your body too i'm dr john stone she says and as you read everywhere to the start of all tell you how they did it and you can do it too if you've been struggling with these problems for some time chances are you try everything to make the pain go away if you've been working in radio for like uh zillion years you're trying everything you know to make the pain go away except on pate so these jaly's making a million bucks on good for him i'm off of the town even if he is a pimple the gimp and a limp you've tried last of them is not over the counter prescription drug she says commercial fiber supplements maybe even colonoscopy or surgeries how do you like that back them always to know about why you're still suffering why because the root cause of the problem was never eliminated is that like a little plan words they're never eliminated this this thing goes on for i could be distilled of the middle of the fourth inning at least self-get so what is the root cause of most digestive ailments look at the picture below oh whoa how would you feel as long pieces of old toxin feel fecal matter where stuck to the inside of your colon for months or even years oh my goodness that is nasty you think that picture at that broad on the air with the stomach hanging down is nasty you uh you don't want to see this would you feel constipated bloated and with thargic with your bowels be irritated by this day breed day and then they have causing what we call ibs irritable ball syndrome huh just think about what else toxic build up like this can cause stomach pain and constipation fatigue gas and bloating headaches and indigestion waking in a large protruding belly see there you go that's especially for her a large protruding pupic you probably never heard about this before as this is the literally the dirtiest secret in America today as the vegetarian time so aptly wrote of all the polite times of conversation the state of ones and testins is probably at the bottom of most people's list yes near the your bottom let's face it irritable ball syndrome constipation gas that we're taking a life in cold or cold cancer or simply not things we like to discuss not a polite company like us and yet as the old expression goes death begins in the colon you know that guy's death begins in the colon yeah but I heard yeah that's what they see in outer space death begins on your heinous don't believe it ask any corner oxyzof and reveal colon's that are plugged up to 80 percent with waste material oh that's what the vegetarian time says what do they know you can stop suffering in silence from these painful often embarrassing health conditions by learning how body pollution and toxic colon can be the cause of all this and indoctrinated once to say that after reading another seven zillion oh looking at these gross pictures of all they're not really pictures they're all drawing is all these parasites that are crawling around inside your body and then the disgusting thought yes if there are parasites inside I think I got a tapeworm every time I get hungry for ice cream I think I have a tapeworm that's just dying for like bastard robbing or something like that which I did go to the day went to gnc i told a story but you weren't there I went to gnc to get my co-futant with some other vitamins and then I go to basket bastard robins you know and get a three-stoo brachy road hot fight sunday well I mean if you're going to take it some for your health and then you're eating ice cream on your no vibe but it's like me that's not good no it's like you're telling me to go to sonic next time I'm in Florida and get a whole bunch of stuff in a banana split to top it all off to get some grease they have been in a split yes they do like Allen's pharmacy on red and the bird that's the place I was trying to thank you moishi by the way Allen's pharmacy that would ice cream your at these days the rocky road but anyway Allen's when we were at I would do they came in because I used to be able to go about the great banana sports because they have the old fashioned fountain in there now it's pharmacy went to last ago and anywhere and it said red and bird and they brought in tubs of ice cream they made George and made it as banana splits right there in the studio they brought all the fixens you know and the accoutrements and stuff yeah what's wrong with rocky road you know anybody does like rocky road especially if it's made right and that's a little marshmallows and you know the little all-in-one love it in my right my favorite what's not to like baby rocky road no once I'm just16. I had to quit from paper Basket race So I said crap together on red right now crash you AS Because it was  quad break up all the these little thing right now running quick Rock you say, she's on that great life gravy with huh? Please look what fault they are doing, I sound like well-meat You kinda got that I want to do, that's really good to eat I want to give you the one-day, but there's no chance at all So don't let me hear sports quiz, if I want to see you grab them all Okay At least until we're 28 I'm great now, rock solid I want to win, you wait, you don't let it play by gravy We're there, you're out, you're got that shit You wait, you don't let it play by gravy At how great he's on, he's to busy anyway, I'm pregnant here, we have chicken in the world He wants to be the father of the universe, I guess But even a clean cut guy like Tom Brady is doing you know what? Ten seventy three on a pole So the bad news is, my buddy Steven says that Picknex Diner in Allen's ain't there no mole It's separated move down the street, now do you have any idea what that means? I don't understand what that means, it's separated What? I never heard of it to begin What does that mean that Picknex Diner, I don't even know what that means? What does that mean? You know what that means? No Because, see what's the pot of time? I know a lot of you young punks aren't familiar Because you know old and the people and go to that pretty soon like me But the fact that the matter is, once the pot of time Most of your pharmacies like that hotel pharmacy, remember that Chris I was talking about that day When I found out money on the street, I found my me beach, I found like two five hour bills And I went in and had me a nice cheeseburger and a banana splitter something What? Thought I was a twenty-two Well, whatever the hell, it wasn't one bill, it was like, I don't know, maybe a couple of five and three singles I think it was more like a thirteen lucky thirteen That was one of the most bizarre experiences I mean, not that I was like a pop or anything, but I just didn't have any cash And a bank, the ATM at the flagship bank, there on old and road wasn't working And I couldn't give me no cash And of course, you think that I had credit cards back in those days Oh, yeah, the KAT days, making two hundred and twenty five bucks a week That fell out of money What? Two twenty five week after you would be Well, I had a budget of my money, man I said, I have a lot of money for picking up all my hustlers on this game, Boulevard You know, so it's a matter of priorities Now, let's see, here's what Moishi says, the dining room inside moved across the street It's not in Allen's anymore, that's okay Okay, I'll take whatever you guys have to take your word for it But like I'm starting to say, is that just about any pharmacy Even Woolworths, remember Woolworths? No, get out of here, like five and dime stores Knives, there is five and dime, and Woolworths, come on You're starting to make me feel like some kind of an old fart here today Hmm, I'll be able to update on that picnic's place Okay, what does that mean? That was the name of a diner inside Allen's rug, rug's or whatever And they, I guess, said, you know, what? We're too good at just the inside of this place So they moved out across the street, own place I see, that's care of the beast Well, thanks beast, all my correspondence out there, all the food experts are feed me all this stuff But the phone I was trying to make is that when George and I talked about it See this is back in the day when A, we were like on a real radio station It wasn't just talking about ball games and draw stripes and B, we had audience Oh, oh, I long for those days That I would be, and so we'd go on the year and we'd talk about Just about any kind of business establishment with food and before you know it there they would be And so we're even about, because back in the day that diner was still inside the Allen's drugs It was one of the last in town, maybe the last in town had that old fashioned diner, you know Where you go in and the old soda jerk would be standing behind the counter, if it's the soda jerk, but anyway Well, look at that Thursday, the latest CNN guy Clinton's 37. Obama 22. Gore 14 Edwards 12 What happened to that press conference was the honor already or not probably not Another showing setting up for it still So, what are we this is nationwide, latest CNN pull a suitori 37. Obama 22. Gore 14 and Edwards 12 He's got two chances, you know, none and much much less than none Why am I talking so much about an end of split state? That's not good Because you're gonna put me in the mood for when I'm gonna go right over to the Eden Center and I'm gonna zip on in there Don't do it. No, I'm not gonna do that and then I'll probably get about 10 gallons of rocky road because you're bad influence too It looked like that lady sitting on the railroad Yeah, anybody wasn't seeing that picture seriously Don't know it. I know it's not a good time to do it. It's right smack dab at the beginning of lunch hour, but all boy Look at that from January to now, Obama went up four points and swallowing dropped three. It was 348 team and I was human up three he'd up on up four Whatever most people don't even know who he is. Yeah, just wait until he starts speaking and put in a rest of shame And wait till most people realize that he's just another apologist for the bush in a white wing and these Nazis and his whole obnoxious war when they find that I think I'm gonna say school at pitch And you know what, but was gonna say no you first 12.07 and yeah, we're still waiting here. I guess we do the break now because I'm gonna find out this subvert thinking announcement from John and it was a good Edwards Enjoy stores now. It's the all new Fed ass Barbie Fed ass Barbie looks cool and a Momo. No Fed ass Barbie's got a huge ass Just like mommy Fed ass Barbie's tons of fun Mom Fed ass Barbie ate my sandwich to my broker head off Fed ass Barbie couch TV and bun bun so it's perfectly muscle big by that I'm gonna five sixty and so is that one had picture man. I looked at that again. I just want to keep my guts awaiting the announcement from John and Elizabeth Edwards And there's candy cowley speaking of that. Wow Johnny G who's desperate for attention today. This relaxed Johnny or kids just a radio show calm down take a nice nap He says across from you of him Don's discount drugs had a sort of fountain bar Head as in past tense Thanks Johnny like I said take a long nap just relax everything is just fine Johnny I'm getting back to this stuff that I was reading here about doctor Uranus or whatever that was what was the name of the guy Yes, I'm like a then there's a thing in here that this is where I don't tell me I lost it. Oh, here it is Discover magazine published a feature article in its August 2000 issue And this is what they said air-reliving thing has at least one parasite that lives inside or on it and many including humans have Far more oh Wasn't bad enough you made us look at that picture on my space there when I'd fat brother with her puppet hanging down to the ground to our ankles with those really nifty socks and the besinkers We have it with parasites in you humans have good parasites also Come on pair of socks I'm only not usually Scientists are only just beginning to discover exactly how powerful these hidden evidence can be but their research is point to a remarkable pot of possibility Paracites may rule the world. How do you like that? And ocean that tiny creatures we've largely taken for granted are such a dominant forces immensely disturbing We are collections of cells that work together kept harmonized by chemical signals If an organism can control those signals an organism like a parasite then it can control us and they're Realized the peculiar and precise horror of parasites What is this a heavy duty stuff if I can say that can I say that? Sure do it You do it you done it the combination of Environmental toxins and unhealthy diet and parasites poses a great danger to humans in fact It says the National Geographic says parasites have killed more humans than all the wars in history And it's a work running documentary to body snatchers if you don't believe parasites can exist in people in America Then just we thousands of two personal stories on this side. It says it will start right now and go through the top of the evening And of course this is all in ad for internal cleansing and some product to detoxify your body and to give it a parasites and all those cold the colonics program And here's a guy Charlie says that lost 40 pounds. He still looks like a fat slump. I feel terrific. You're fat Charlie My girlfriend bought this program from me a Christmas 2005 to detoxify his innards sounds like a really appetizing kind of guy when your girlfriend buys a search by any product to clean your colonel That should say the a lot about who your girlfriend's altitude or maybe the girlfriends that old bags sitting there on an adventure Ha ha ha nice going Charlie Yeah, stop and think about that pairing huh stopping think about that meeting Oh man talk about let's get a search party a 2019 votes on a pool we got 11 hundred lucky even with a early ball game Our restore reading the announcement and here's Bill Schneider and there's a giant of his old file footage come on out It's already 1214 John you can do it Don't you hate when they do this and they got all the microphones up there in all the camera minute Sooner or later he's gonna come out at noon. He has 1215 in the East Coast 1215 and he's still in their pesking around to get anybody a vote for me Ha ha no not really W to Q a M hello Afternoon uncle Neil yes sir Speaking of parasite did you happen to catch stop park last night? No The best part is at the end, but I know you're watching from time to time, but hanging into the very end It's it's a food into that parasite Did you catch the one from last week? I know George you sometimes I tried to find out one the only one I saw was the one about the the planet area You know I'm not a one from last week is probably one of the bats. There's a certain part of butter's body which winds up in Carman's I see okay fine 10 ninety on a pool of thousand ninety votes like I said we got 1100 look things are just as fine as you I want only bad news Why I guess it's not bad news Why does it have to be bad news if they still got that nice diner and they just moved across the street from Allen's drugs What's wrong with that lead at least it's still there, you know And it's probably bigger and better Hey, it could be bigger and better that's what we need to do is get a report not just that it's across the street That's that's when I start but they still make I'm sure they do See that's the thing back in the day. I don't want to sound like one of those old timers Wow sunny on you young whippers stappers. I don't ever want to be like that. Oh, you've been down One of it in but it's true. There's a lot of good stuff that's gone even in your lifetime in your brief lifetime You're what 23 yeah I get 23 year old pumps to think you know something what even in your lifetime you've seen some good things coming Go am I right? Yeah No, can't think of anything right off the top of my head I'm sure you're right like like we're ready for example. There you go See that disappeared as one evening in your lifetime. Yes vanishing a thin ear like it was never there But they used to have the great thing about that like you're going to get a multi milk you know made with those the ice cold Steel shaker things that they had that they put on the machine man and they make you your milkshake or a multi oh There is nothing out and of course that's probably the way that they make them like it at Sonic is that one of the things that or is that And I think it is stake in shakes got great shakes Staking shake sound sound. Also psych it has the icy That's what what is what is that like frozen ice like a 10 yeah Yeah, I crushed it. No, not and I see it with that no not like an Italian nice listen to what I'm saying Okay, yeah, it's like crushed up ice enough where like you could just order a lemonade But there's so much crushed up ice. It's basically an icy you know what I mean? Yeah, they're home for it I'm telling you love that they're they're in their commercials and they probably serve it to you like an frosted mug Now just a little styrofoam cup Well, and a styrofoam cup what kind of how's it? Why is that? Trust me. It's good. It's good. I like a no use to with the root beer in our frosted mug man. It kind of you're frosted That's the way to do it I'll find it I'll find it here if it's a last-ending I'll find it coming Yeah, just oh here we go. It's only Really the last my ass a little there you go Poor her yeah, I told you sooner or later I'd find what there's like 17 different listings of Harry on there And almost none of them are really him anyway 1094 on a pool where I love 100 we got that kick ancient style WQAM hello Hey, I mean, I was my tell you make me laugh today man. That was great about the guy's a girlfriend was buying stuff for Christmas Yeah, but yeah, that's an advertising if you're girlfriend vising that you're birthday or for a holiday It says here. He's a high-colonic treatment drink this you slob Yeah, I would throw off the back even if you're doing great to that. Thanks, pal. Yeah, I mean, that means guys probably farting up his door Man is disgusting in growth test and she would even do him by long distance, you know if he nailed it and she don't want it I don't care what anybody says we've done that pool before and and you people I guess try to be nice to your spouse or whatever Or your um Your significant other is they say other yeah, that's I will then on the pants significant other When you say she's got one she's got something But some of you people you get married and you're young and you both look, you know kind of human and all of a sudden as the years go by One or the other I mean if it's both I guess it may have been much different But one of the other starts getting really nasty and sloppy and smelly You know, and nobody wants to say anything but boy you really stink you know, maybe you could lose like a a couple of hundred pounds Don't tell me that when those couples are like a bed and down there at night in the same in the same bed on the same actress Within proximity close enough even touch each other don't tell me that one of Mrs. Thinking oh gee Are we gonna do this again? Oh no, yeah, am I right? I would imagine I mean that's how much you want to do you don't want that Russian girlfriend years getting fat and sloppy And so I lay down the law with the ladies that I did you lay down with the ladies will let's say ideas Isn't it well I lay down a wall meaning I tell them like hey listen, you know I mean I and if you get if you gain like 10 pounds you're out. I'll be looking for somebody else Well, that's good. That's good I think it's fair. I mean I stay in decent shape, you know, you know, you're gonna be fat I'm telling you I've told you I've been warning you of that ever since I've known you you well look at all this I got an idea. Let's make a deal. Yeah, if I'm not fat by what age I'm in the will What is it oh Oh, man But third man all right deal you're in the will everybody with this will business okay I Do love you though Back at your buddy. Yeah, not 11 or three Oh, no, I gotta get my music ready for the aborgame and Why are we don't this is man baby? I sure this bill lost from channel so nothing like being old Remember all these old and most of our dead to I don't want to say that I'm getting modeling my old age, but I was thinking yesterday was sitting around Eating something eating way too much and I was thinking about all my good friends from my life to my home. I'll dead Well, you say that very carefully, but that that's not a good thing No, I know it's not good It's me too. Wait well. Yeah, the way you said it was very insensitive, yeah, yeah, yeah, when you get older He's laughing. I've got now he's laughing at me now because I'm in old fart and all my friends are dead now at least I'm still here You know, no, it's not good actually he's laughing with you. Yeah. Oh, he's not he's laughing at me Right well, you're not back to your whole never getting the will Yeah, that's right. I'm gonna you're out you're all ready. Oh, if you want to get back in you better take that back What are you gonna? We're gonna lose this now. We have it. Let's try again Well, you use channel. We'll know Carolina well the mug once are He just needs me to win, but I'll tell you like a different angle the place 30 years ago this summer Where we had our wedding was that isn't that lovely and that's special. This is the place is very familiar Yeah, very familiar Well, just say what you're gonna say in the old one now what's happened with Elizabeth and what's happened with her with her health situation You know let's hear about her breast Monday for this way. He lives with went to the doctor because she felt a pain on her left side She went in at X-rays taken And the result of the X-rays shows that she may have a fracture on the left side Something real on the right Suspicious I was in how at the time she was called them she was in I was in I was in I was the town I called me and said that they want to do follow-up test yesterday Get to it, man. So I came back from I was on Tuesday night We went into the hospital here at Chapel Hill. Yeah, yeah, what a young one bone sitting was done. Yeah, that study Actually made the suspicion about the rib on the right side More intense We'll turn about it and as a result there was a boxy done That section or rib on the right side the boxy showed that the cancer had returned It wasn't a leg neck and later in the day we did a CT scan which was How many bones of cancer? In the soft tissue the bone study had right it looked at her and hard tissue the CT scan showed Showed very little and so the net result of all the tests Is that yeah, her cancer is back. Oh It's largely confined. It's confined. I can't take anymore him. He'll tell us I'm going to run because he's got to take care of her. He's not going to run and that's good news 20 feet past noon a QA I Junior honey Who you have what it takes to be a kneels will if you do you will sport. Hooray 05 60 W QAF invite you who listen and wait with the five 60 QA and kneels will contest Simply cut and pay someone else improve while in thick to my space or in 50 words unless right Why you should be a kneels will on the back of the postcard and send the QW QAM Stubvy O's in the McAllister hotel. Then when you hear this now That's your chance doing Harris noions for happy to build you The dollar Open test and trust be male no younger than 18 no older than 25 must be shaving and smooth Judges reserve the right to eliminate contestants based on the rainy quaint similarity rate and scale of one to ten runners I will receive an autographed duplicate of meals will suitable for training and the duplicates of meals will found a new And show life in the parking lot will be avoided by all all prizes will be awarded by my family and the grand prize winners I asked the patient for it. Definitely a period of time until meal decides to die 29 at 5 60 W QAM 29 minutes before tomorrow and pregame show Marlins in the cardinals from Jupiter baby that it's out of this world So the beast is the one that gave us so we've got all kinds of information about Allen's and that picnic what is it? Yeah, it's over across the street and well life is a picnic man you bring the ants in your pants So what's the story here? Google's already in our life and we know from our previous experience that when this happens you have a choice You can go Coward and corner and hide or anything Be tough and go out there and stand up for what you believe in and Both of us are committed to the calls with committed change calls this country that we love so much so many trying to say John We have no intention of gowering in the corner Do you have any idea what that means no no, he's gonna run maybe I tried this here in the break and I just gave me a headache Yeah, he's just with that he that Phil Sim is drog you know that funny guy on the sideline the 50 eyed line Oh God, do I hate that? Macarver and Phil Sims need to be on the same plane it needs to crash before one o'clock I'm telling you that right now Tim Macarver and Phil Sims need to be on the same plane right now and but I'm being Shoot that thing down if we get the real Chris Collins worth on that same ball Oh, oh, yeah, Jesus real fast and don't forget about sterling sharp. Is it certainly sharp or Shannon shirt? I'm Shannon Shannon sharp is Shannon sharp absolutely not Speak a little English Shannon okay and click the little the pimple for like the on Sanders neon v on what was pimple office pimping the pimping the pre-game show 115 votes on a poll by way pretty a heavy duty 30 Q a m hello Yes, sir. I'd be 30 to you sir back to you and grab on your Anniversary their kissy kissy and that's one to make you win. Yeah, you're not alone. I do remember won't we'll work I grew up in New York and you know I think they went belly up and found me fake it all on time We're gonna nice nurse five and done No, I did not I grew up half my life in New York. What a shame well in any event. I'm also that picture you were talking about with the The they just you try to also believe in that is their link on it on your website Is there a link on our website? No, no, but you want you want to you want to site? I have no idea well here. I got it somewhere. It's DR Dr. Pupic doctor. I don't know. I'll dig through my stuff. I'll put it on the air. Okay. Okay. You have a sweet never two day You two okay, I guess I'm gonna have to find that I guess I'll be one Oh All the way Chris presented to me. I thought it was gonna be something really grow test gonna discover Which in a way it is but it's you know I mean if you start digging around inside the human body it's not like what you call really appetizing. I'm sure no Oh How'd you like to be one of those guys? That does the autopsy the corner. I'm good Let's see. All right. Yeah, now what I heard Okay, let's see. Let me just get back on this right space here See I'm doing this just for that guy because nobody else is gonna mind no, but that's okay being the good guy that I am Let me get to my mail thing here and find out what the hell that was Where is it there it is? VR NATRA Dr. Natureer.com. It's all one word dr. NATRA Dr. Natureer.com The disgusting and yet amazing. I think you're right Chris. It's disgusting and it's amazing all those parasites all that stuff inside you man All that tapeworm and that's why you got to keep running the bastard robins are running to the Red the turd the pharmacy there and running across the street you get to a banana split I haven't had a banana split about 100 years. That's the last thing I need but you know something after you Forceding all that rocky road on me today. Yeah, my bad. Yeah, well, you know how easy I am I had to was I do got to do a think about that stuff and I'm like, oh, you know It's like a pretty clean. I think I do it just mention those pictures we have on our website nearly naked and I think Like that mm-hmm like you know just thinking just thinking out loud. What's wrong with thinking out loud? What would you have to be stinkin or thinking? Thinking? Now here's one also on I forgot who sent this from my space and said just listen to your show Like I do everything in Orlando by the internet. I'm gonna tell you one thing and at my space is a whole lot of people Where's Harry Potter? Where's that Zoltens Zurtek? Whatever that guy's them? We're all those people Where's my nephew David for crying out loud? I don't know if he's really my nephew's my cousin's son Would that make him a mine if you? I don't think so. Well whatever he is Somebody please tell your management that nobody cares about them are on's let alone frequency and spring training games It says Rida says whoever's in this anyways It says I tried calling you while on my lunch break, but you were answering the phones. I have a habit of doing that Another great fast food restaurant software that does not have but Tampa and Orlando do is they pee to pit Oh man the pee to pit never heard of it neither It says the food is amazing and maybe four-year eyes why likes I like when it gets made before your eyes and the food too You decide what meat you want chicken steak or ham they grill it and then have whatever veggies cheese sauce as you want and put it in the peanut wrap it up for you You can eat it 12 times a day not get tired of it and I actually started in Canada and the right-piece and locations near you Check it out at pitapick.com you love it and have a good day pal you too and at the end it says Like that why did that going around Oh, they're slapping each other out there. They're playing they're hociting around John and Elizabeth Edwards there Yeah, maybe we can this maybe we go exactly now. Yeah, they're there. There's a story. Yesterday. There was not a good day for us But they're high five and low five and she slapped him on the knee cap for very close to it. She said ain't nothing there And then she hit him on the side of the head and said oh ain't nothing there either I mean the idea that he thinks he's gonna be the president that's just I mean it would be like George Bush being the president Some deep salvia who You know all being improvement though. Yeah, I'm gonna have to 25 votes on the pool which medical exam or procedure Because you the most anxiety causes high anxiety baby See I'm one of those people. I don't I don't mind any of it I guess when you get old enough and you've had all those procedures. They've a lot like that runaway bride You know, did they probe you poke you remember that bit the end? I love that bit. Yeah. I think that's coming up Practological exam finger up the old Back though, or maybe not all that old 300 in the 70 gets people brain nervous Rook can now 162. I hate this full 120 at 11.3 percent well. Yama so socks and hell. I'd be like that toothpick stretch maybe two dental exam 75 giving a blood sample 50 seven That's where you find who the real wishes are man. Hey calm down buddy You can't handle that when you look at it long. He said that I can't handle it It doesn't bother me to look at it or hurt or anything, but I tend to faint for some reason when I need all those in the yard. What a was I don't hey I have a little man, but I do hate me. I do get really from Chris man When you get ready to stick it and he passes out which is probably pretty good, but it helps Josh that's it That was me Who do I say you said me? Well, but I'm on Chris them. Yeah, it's Chris as well. Yeah, I'm on channel 57 A dental cleaning 57. I'm gonna say that that's pretty if you have somebody that likes who's a Seidist you know if you have a dental dog tai hi-g and a genist who wants to inflict a lot of pain and make you bleed a lot They can really cause you a lot of pain dental cleaning 57 Giving a stool sample 39 and then you take that stool foot over the counter right by Alan's drugs and sit down Have you a nice banana split Rook team medical check up 34 treadmill test 31 got in a logical exam 31 getting a shot a 16 getting a shot Like a flu shot. It's bad back to the needles again, you know the needle walks in quickly I exam 14 giving a urine sample 11. That's for all you drug use out there all all panifier if you're worried about you Even the urine sample we know what you've been doing An EKG 10 and a breast exam 10 Well, here's what time it would says the key is to keep your head up. Yeah, that's my idea keep your head up 12.30. We got the Marlin pregame show in 13 minutes, but who's counting? What music? She Jordan is out sick today. He can upset a five point I guess it's a mistake that theme. Oh, he hey. I love I hate that show, but I think the theme is fine and it's labeled Label wrong on this dish Well the wrong number on here So Cut 31 is the Jefferson Sounds very much like good time Or no, that that is the Jefferson. Yeah. What do you talk about? We got confused with me too I love the Jefferson's and the things some from the Jefferson's but good times I love the theme and I hate to show oh so bad Let's all watch Esther role on Easter on Easter Sunday we can take her to the White House lawn and watch Esther role Laudem that bitch on that bench and del Ray there Hello What the hell's the matter only You sound like you're crying You've been kidnapped again You've been kidnapped by aliens Where they don't tuck you Albuquerque That in America Or in the Mexico Where the Mexico Albuquerque Yes, I was in Georgia. No, no Mexico. Okay I Don't believe you. But you don't have to lie to me I want to get married. I really do it just that I was kicked up by aliens I believe you They get sure here But yeah, they're sure here. Oh, you say short hearing me like runcy crash or oh The longer like Bob you Don't make it your day On they don't get a Probably you can up pick you up. I'm gonna seven eleven Love you. Yeah, could you get me a slorpie? What? Slorpie? What? A slorpie? What? Like a blueberry wolf I just think you're not I think it you'll slorpie All right, I'll get it myself You really been kidnapped honey My aliens to the blue bed aliens drive a blue van. Yeah, it's like a Chevy van. No, sort of for it. No What kind of van is this? Is they doing anything to you? Is they probes? No, oh get no pride. Yeah, no Like love No, you I'm not coming. I want to stay in the seven eleven. You don't want to burn me. Do you know what? No, I don't but I forget He's I don't care you come on. I'm done come on. I'm done with it. Of this heat. Bye bye. I'll take it. I'll leave you Holy goodbye It's all right I was like a nice maiden purger to write a me 1135 oh so in a poll Emily a four minutes and 55 second blues counting away from Marlins baseball New game exhibition is baseball Marlins and the kernels in Jupiter Already got one of my space messages are just read from somebody's rate He's a conducting a ritual is got the sheep and the ghosts and the chickens try to get it to rain in Jupiter So that the game will be reigned out to light pali making a difference. We're we're out here. We love the Marlins We love the Marlins on the day games only especially when I start we literally like there today That's when we love the Marlins of the net. I I'm gonna tell you something serious And you know you can do whatever you want with you. You can stick wherever you want back home But I don't I I the chances of my watching baseball ever again on a scale of anything I wouldn't care who was that was plan how I said in the game was if they were like 84 to 83 in a first inning I wouldn't care you know Demon here. He's going to play with us a pocket Oh That could progress a goal. Well the Sabers in the Washington chair. You don't want to see Your boy Barry Bond break the record this year. I don't want to see anybody. I don't want to see anybody Plan baseball and I used to be one of the biggest you know this thing I don't understand that yeah, you used to really like baseball So you know I used to love baseball. I was obsessed. I used to go to London again. What's going on? That that stopped. Yeah, what happened? It just got to be boring with me. I don't know. Okay. All the stupid money for all these margital players who think they join out and it's just And watered down all these things that that's the whole thing with all professional sports too much watering down Man So if you have a fine wine and you like take a bunch of water in you you run it under the tap and if you'll have to bottle with what water water down man Water down can't like the QAM format water down Anyway Hoping to muscle Florida into a pre-evident role in picking issues democratic and Republican presidential candidates the state house vote the Yes state elite problem almost all the other states Leaprod come fret over and And said a January 29th primary with the option to go even earlier. Let's have the primary next week The change champion by House Speaker Marco Rubio Republican Westmine in approved 115 to one It's part of a national rushed by states coveting the cloud of Iowa or is a Janet which said Iowa and Ohio Those states have enormous sway in choosing presidential candidates even though they're small Some say I'm representative of the nation's people and politics they propose almost still passes state Senate Florida's obviously going to be the big enchilada baby on the 29th of the immediately become very very impotent said Nicole Ray The a science professor at FIU Florida's bid for increased influences being tempered by the other vote rich giants California New York and Texas California's already moved his primary to February 5 others expected to do the same It's been more than three decades since Florida mattered much when it comes to picking presidential candidates But they're moving on up baby to the east side we can play a little bit of that Nothing I want to I do like that show Not long enough. We can pick as the ball Oh I'm going to say right now anybody who doesn't like the Jefferson who doesn't like that show is unamerican and a comedy Staying out of be in prison immediately. Not soon. Don't you think? Yes You know something enthusiastic about it now. What's the money advice? I know exactly what it is Oh, yeah, there it is is down on a phone is that you don't that's done Come on stand that you don't watch my advice, did you? No, I Love you I love you. I love you. I'm sure thing for me a book set just a please major Miami vice you're under a Actually, I'm not going to do that. How you? Oh, I love you. You won't get John Johnson sugar. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you Hello Hello It Okay That was it. I was done. You know what I said? Yeah I saw a stand if you notice was here the John Johnson Equal like in the goodness. Yeah Is I'm only how I Johnson absolutely And not for one of those. I know the mates you just like John What are you think for? I mean the guy you leave me. Yeah, thank you. What are your imagination next sandwich? See I thought of this wouldn't take us all the way to the end, but you know what will what's that? Christians oh I should have played that but no two eight I can chop that baby off in the middle. Are you crazy? I think I started this review sentence too soon That was a great idea. Why didn't you tell me that like four minutes ago? God Well thanks for enjoying our coveted video so much What are you doing this? All right, Bob that's the next thing. I know it's been a while but Josh was in a Will us today and you love every second of the man. It's I did Let's get out on a meeting And I think it's worth it. I'll see if you can get them out. You probably can I'll have these for baby. One for the hills. It's coming