Oh, you're so good. Why? Why? Why? I'm so good. And on the cold still dead by the light. She's not looking good. We sing with you out because you look black and green. We dance and fall down and it knows like a queen. That's a lovely. Don't want any humorous to go with you. I'm the end of the show because you're a donkey and you're fat. You want only a new season being changed. But everyone laughs and you check it and it's bad. Oh, oh, oh. The say you voice is a total trade break. And then we make fun of you with two bags. Now we get you in scum and sand. Because you have a bad face, your little bit slow. We're just like you make us number one show. We're in the hasn't lunch, here's Simon says we're a place. It's more like you the drive call and a drink. You have a bad face. Become a good old life. You're under free show called a bear. We're here. I don't get half of that face. You have a bad face. Yes, I do have a bad face and a bad body too. How's that going? I'm not sounding too good, George. I think we're going to put those tapes on. Yeah. Well, Craig, what up? But you never know how you're going to sound when you got the cold. You know what I'm going to scratch you. I don't feel that bad. In fact, not all our stuff. Not really bad. Yeah, the vacation was not like right now. Learn some real good lessons on this vacation. Don't go alone again. Don't go flying off to Europe alone when you're an old fart. Back when I was a young punk, then I could, It didn't bother me all that much. But first many, many times I went over there. I was alone, you know. But now take a bunch of buds with you. Sure. Well, that's followed anyway. Trouble with a pack. Yeah. I think I'm going to put my head down on the counter. Go back to sleep. I really feel like I just, you know. Not a bad, I haven't had a cold in years. And it's colder, no, which is earlobe here, man. It is just for a reason. And it wasn't there. You know, too bad over there. Went to Berlin, by the way. Wonderful. It had several delicious brought worst. And I know you're probably, you know, Conterning of all kinds of things in your mind. I don't know. That may be the most of the inaccurate, of course. But, you know, it just, I just, I just do was getting bored. So I came back four days early. I came back Wednesday. Also, you can take it over. You can take it over. I think it over. Yeah. I think it over. It goes. It goes. I'm lying with suggesting, oh, since you're back, you're going to go on a radio. To which I say, I've no chance. That's funny. Yeah. Yeah. My good buddy. I just don't know. No. So actually, probably would have been more profitable to just go on a radio. Because I went to wood violence. He Thursday Friday Saturday. Monday Wednesday. Wednesday. Oh, that's right. Just like whatever name was. Epilonia. See, I'm a little off my feet. I can't even come up with apalonia. But nevertheless, I'll be fine. And Berlin is, you know, it's a great city. Really, as the food was good. It just got really boring. You know, going someplace all by yourself and you sit around and you get deep. You're going to start thinking, oh, geez, I mean, you start thinking, I have no right. Yeah, like that. I would say for the first time in my life, you know, I always make fun of other people, and especially our colors and a lot of the groupies we got out there. I have no right. Yeah. How many years we've been playing that? And where did that come from, by the way? That's some guy who was honest. Yeah. Well, you're pretty helpful like your busy challenge, some crap there. I know that's where my bacon from home. It was not a good idea why people were coming on here. Why don't? Because it's one of those things that if you've got a scratchy throat, it just makes it more scratchy and texture of vocal cords. So whatever. Pretty nice tea. I don't want no ice tea or a green tea. They're hot tea. Oh, fat. Hot tea, hot tea. How about putting some honey in it, huh? That sounds really good. Either some hot water with some honey. Grab my junior honey. Is real soothing with some lemon would be good. Okay, let's stop for the food. Now what do you eat and how is it again? There you go. Oh, before the show, George, it was, you know, I could really use it would be good. And I got nowhere to get there right now, but is really soothing when you got a cold and the whole thing would be some soup. Yeah, hold it some lobster. So lobster. Well, you mentioned that before the show and I was so excited about that because I love good soup. So lobster, maybe we'll go to Oyer-Clag, your arteries because it's real heavy duty, you know? Lobster, biscuit. Nice chunks of fresh lobster. Oh, good, good. I think he has chunks. Oh, maybe we'll be together. But the same thing. But I was thinking a couple of times in Berlin. Like that. I don't know, maybe I'm just getting old. You think that's possibly not, now let me just pass one thing along to all you whippersnappers out there. This is important. Not so much to the young punk, but people who are getting old like me. What the whipper? But I don't know what how that came from. It's another stupid expression. It's like, you know, two shakes of the lamb's tail. Hey, all you whippers snappers. How to hold a while with it? Isn't this stupid something like Gabby Hayes would say, you know? But this whole idea of retirement? Don't do it. Even my cat guy, he says, don't do it. Don't do it. Don't be terribly just working to your croak. Okay? Because, you know, you'll do some things for a while. I mean, for me, traveling. How is where traveling can I do anywhere, right? Well, you haven't come to Prague yet. Well, my travel advice, it tells me Prague, and exactly, you know, all that. It's okay. Budapest sounds pretty good. Okay. So, let's say I went to Prague and Budapest this summer. I want to buy 85 vacations. Okay? We've got that out of the way. What, how many more places I hear? Sorrento is really beautiful in a tie. Yeah, I would like to see more of Italy. More of the scenic places, you know? Mm-hmm. I'd like to go to Siccia. I'd like to go to Perlerum, and Colione. I would really like to make that walk. Remember he was walking with Fabrizio? That was the one. Fabrizio was the other one. I thought of both of them, or with it. Were they both with him? Probably with Fabrizio, with the shotguns over there. Shoulders. Mm-hmm. And they were walking up the hills of Colione. And then there was a bus stop again. Now let's see how sharp I am. The shopkeeper, Fabrizio is daddy. Me, me, Camel, Vittelli. Very good. Oh, you're going to start with a godfather again. You started. This fact is sensational. But by the way, is Eric and his room. Yes? He's at his back. He's at his little box. Eric, it's my band. I already got a my space email about it. Sorry, but we put Oscar. See, the original pool, and I think whoever said the pool in. Oh, it was our buddy, your Sean, who is really gay intensively. These pools. Oh, here's the guy. I like a lot. There's New CNN. What's with CNN in the weather, guys? What's this guy? No, not in it. Man, he is as cute as a bug in a row. Oh, that sounds so gay. Richie, I keep. Yeah, that's where I want to be. I keep. Wherever he is, I keep an eye. He's a real cutie by that's terrible. Now you can't say that. Well, I just did. He's sweet. I would put him right here on the countertop right in the middle of the show. He would. He would. He would be amazed. What I could accomplish. Now what was I just going to say about Oscar wild. Yeah. He's got to go off the pool. Well, see, I'm leading the pack by so much on their favorite. Gay up. See, we said, living. And originally Sean's pulled it and say living. So I put living in there. And I didn't double check. Has Oscar wild got any votes. He already took him off of there. Where the hell is he? Oh, I think he took him off. Yeah, we took off. How'd you do that that fast? Magic. Just like that, man. Are you on CNN? No. You guys on CNN. Why do you? Whether guy on CNN? I want to see it in. That is I. Parker. Yeah. And his ear muffs. Yeah, we'll take off the muffs and the park and the pants. So you'll go to Mexico to see him. No, we're not going to make. Oh, he's in Mexico, New York. But it's a Mexico. Look at that. They got like 10 people there. And we have no snow here in Toronto. Jiblet's probably as reason. Well, maybe I can warm him up a little bit. In my. A parkway. I'm like. We used to go. Yeah, I saw him yesterday. He's a. That's a new deal. I was cute weather guys. First we had Rob Marcee. And I don't hear that much. See if I talked the whole four hours today. I won't be able to be on tomorrow. Which is good. Let me bad come back from vacation and be out sick. That'd be horrible and not the. But I was just wondering, you were on the. The juicer. I think he was. I was right. He was. He was. He was. He was. He was. He was. He was. He was. He was. He was. He was. He was. He was. He was. He was. He was. He was. He was. He was. Although they tried to focus on you, but even if you. Or just don't. You don't have the start. It's the start of the star. Hey, Zon. Yeah, let's go to start. His in with the mis quoted. I don't think. He's out of the closet officially. Seriously. I'm going to show him. He hasn't.ples not fully picked. Well, she must be getting two years to come. He's really. Well, a little lady. Well, I'm getting an error. Okay. They all, no one is. That's right. was crap. I told you stories about him. I told you that he was at Bill Colbert's show and I stuck around. I was laughing so hard that I actually wound up, huh? Did you put lots of hard you uh, I wound up having to spit off against the wall. I was shaking. I was laughing so hard. I actually peed my pants. It's true story. I'll tell you off the ear why. Okay. And I wet my pants. Yeah. I'll tell you why. I can't I can't I still don't hear it. Do I still have a new thing? More good news from Iraq. I'll end up uh, Barack speaking of Iraq. Barack was on my son in 60 minutes. He's all over the place now. He is the musician. If there's anybody who doubts Barack Obama's the man you're an idiot. I'll tell you that right now. He is the man. Well, I like him. I just don't think he could with. Well, I think you're full of duty. I do like that. All right. Howdy, duty. I think you're full of crap. I'm still at least 80 people in Iraq. Thunder was explosion and then black smoke swirl police said it were back there today. When at least two car bombs do a one park down the ground garage, tore through out the sightingway did not win. I had not won. One winning day it would buy out of four. Why said broke even? And it wasn't a major disaster. I didn't lose a gigantic amount of cash, but I'm glad I came back early because I was bored to death. Anyway, this two bombs tore through a crowded market place setting off dozens of secondary explosion killing at least 71 people. Another bombing nearby killed at least nine. So it's over 80 and the day is, you know, well, it's late in the day over there. See, I got this scratchy throat and if I'm going to read the whole four hours, I'm never going to make it back tomorrow. I'm never going to just tell you that right now. Oh boy. What? Nothing. Well, I haven't had a cool in years. And I haven't had, I haven't missed one day sick in years. A sick legitimately sick. I'm not talking about that emotional day. I had that one day. Remember that? Yeah. That was embarrassing. That was bad. Even you would agree with that. Whatever. Well, listen, I'm a title. I have a nervous breakdown. Exactly. You know every few days. Ha ha ha. Not anymore, though. No more nervous breakdowns for this whole girl. I'll tell you that right now. And we'll get to the days pool and you're a pool and everybody's pool. We'll get to all the pool. Oh, where's that weather guy? I've been Christians? No. I was Christians doing with the wait. We probably have to wait and wait. Sitting in there eating all that free. We do have a scale here. We should probably keep it chart like we were doing for the meter field work. Like publics. We're gonna hang like a gigantic half-arons right side of beef. Well, he's not responding. So I've been waiting for the opening. And the last two weeks I've gone down free fence. Well, what's wrong with that? Who said there was a moment? I'll take that. And Josh courtes is upset because his flavor wave of thin craft on. Yeah. Send a cost to go. Listen, John, out our mice face. What do you want me to guess he was sitting around that maybe I should buy him a new one? I do that. He's a site they have replacement parts, but I guess you got to know what the part is. That's a kind of element. Well, you listen to me. All right. Because I'm saying I will tell you this. I am legendary. I might be the nicest person in the world. This asked me. I'll tell you. Sure. You know how Keith Obermann does the worst person in the world every night on countdown and Tuesday, Miss O'Reilly. But I could be the nicest person in here. Believe me. I'll tell you. Yes. I'll tell you. I am the best person on the face of the globe. Yes, I am. See I know it. I'm pretty nice. And if you want to be nice, let's face it. Men just don't understand women. They're a total mystery, especially this time of year. Valentine's Day. It's only two days away. Oh, god. Good night on headline news. Nancy Grace. Peter views the notorious love bandit, Cooper. One of us. Sure. You look innocent. The diver does cute little ones. But I believe you are pure or evil. Nancy Grace asks the tough question. To are you to say who should fall in love and who shouldn't. I don't make people fall in love. I facilitate love by using the word the seal it tight. To your sweet bitter at night. Watch Nancy Grace, call the gentleman, Cooper. Like never before. You sneak up on unspeakin people. Shoot them with a dangerous weapon. Robinim of their free wheel. And then just wow. Why? Who do you thank you all? I keep the outside. You're more like something that runs with cute. There's no love lost in this exclusive. Nancy Grace interview tonight on headline news. 27 or 11 at five or 60. Every crew and we got mad dog at two who will not keep cut off in the middle of a sentence. Although considering the technical and aptitude of this radio station, let's see now that I back if line one is working yet. Oh, no. No. Oh, but we're back up. We're streaming again. Yes, we are. We have 1192 members on our mice face. So friends, excuse me, friends. Well, we have 1192 members and two friends. How's that? Well, that's bad. I shouldn't say those things. I'm just speaking from the heart. I'm just speaking personal. Okay. 1192 is something that we ought to have 1,200 by the end of the day today. You're okay. Probably. If you push, if you push, if Chris leans on it, of course, if Chris leans on it, of course, if Chris leans on the whole thing will come crashing down. 1192, that's pretty good for an old fart like me. I'm a show like this on an A.M. radio station where supposedly. And guess now, I'm sure you haven't been keeping track on our mice face page. Have you? Track a what? Of these coming goings of people, one adding friends and no messages. Well, I have a pet no by just because I'm on vacation doesn't mean I'm like shining everybody. I mean we shine in a few shoes on the street corner of one of these days soon. We're back up streaming again boys and girls. That's a good news. 750 777 votes. We got to push a little for a thousand because when you start to pull on a Sunday about 7 to 5 last night or whenever I finally got it over there to Eric, it gives you like a little handy crap. 764 we got a way to go to get to that thousand a day. And if we don't get to a thousand by two, I may be calm and sick tomorrow with a scratchy throw. Or maybe I'll just go to woodwind and I'm wondering about six. I don't make it feel better. Which living work not lately? Boy, those are my shoes. Now you can't find a good my sheen you want to know why because there isn't one. That's the problem. Yeah, I'm not going to make it till two. We'll just scratch you throw. I can feel it already. If I would just drink more my diet soda, I'd drink some hot tea. I think I'd have some tea in there too. During the next break, I'm going to go to the tea room. Good. And then I'll go make some tea in the kitchen. Wish living gay or by person you most admire are pulled a day. 764 votes. I just got through reading these didn't I? I got through doing this before the break. Why I didn't think I got today's pull. I'm sorry. That's what I'm trying to say. It's like that. When you know you start right out and you get all these technical difficulties on it. The audio vault crap down at the internet thing we're feeding you I've wrapped out this call is going to be pretty good QAM hello. Yeah, I knew how you doing. Great. Good. I listen. I want to head once you're pulled with a can. Okay, go ahead ahead. I'm thinking about Mr. Garrison from South Park. He's a pretty funny chef. Now. Oh, so I know what I was going to say about the my spacing. Guess who got hooked up with somebody met on our my space you'll never believe it. Somebody hooked up on that on the show's with some chick from our my space page. Okay, honey G. Well good for him. Not good for her but good for him. Well, well, wow. Wow. When I read that I just about drop my teeth. And guess who else is on there who is an I'm I'm I have to believe him because he's with a knowing I your tummy he emailed you last week. This is a guy who several times himself the abugiant guy Jerry with a G Jerry you are a major whole okay. Yeah, which part of the word do you understand? He starts I'm still in Berlin. I'm reading you I'm going to internet cafe or I can do it on the blackboard but he's a go to internet cafe and I'm reading you know stuff that's coming in there and he is ripping you an ass and he's writing it as if he's writing it to you which I guess he probably did send it to you but he's also sending it to me. He means and yeah and all you do is mumble George and you're the worst and when you're going to get the semi broadcasting voice and about and then to the end of the week he is kissing your ass even more than Chris is sucking up to me today. Kissy kissy kissy kissy. Like that I think it's because I actually responded to one of his emails. Would you tell him? He lost? No, maybe I should have you know you should have dropped dead. The abugiant guy. See one thing about these people on and you notice yeah whether it's cars or it's online when he start giving themselves names oh yeah like they're a character yeah that's right they might be a character on the show like uh they're like that. Oh he calls several times a day last week. Did he really Gilbert Solomon? But we mean by that. Oh we just get his name out there. Oh Gilbert Solomon? Yeah the one that goes I think one. That one. That one. That one. That's right. Still business. The amazing Gilbert we minding you not to drink and join this honey season. Yes and I need some action. Well don't hold your breath. Although a giant jean get hooked up on our my space maybe double your liner but God forbid I will not approve him. I like to hook him up to something. Yeah to a too long rope maybe just a long tube maybe a truck. There are jumper cables and moving truck like in the hitter. Oh yeah well if you folks want to see a really great flick go out and rent by or steal if you haven't seen it yet. And then they we do what they we made. They did. Oh oh my god why do they keep doing that because they've like a imagination and Hollywood. When they we did when a stranger calls I was so violent now I just offended personally deeply offended or you should feel better everyone said it's stuff. Well good the original was great or her which was Charles was fat Charles turning. I love the way we read and we have candy you know we can come right all these fatty tech is man whaddling they you know the the bad guys running like a son of a bitch and he's getting away and the the fat detective and he's whaddling along you know trying to puffing and puffing you know I think amount of voice no I can tell you they'll you sound great just have some teeth. Oh during the break I think we want to make me some tea. I never finished the schedule that I four to five it's the power hour of course with Hank and a mad dog. It had super bowl game sucked by the way that was crap. And what did I tell you Chris Rex Grossman blows I agree they're off their idea of offense their whole game plan was the worst bunch of crap. So many two and three yard passes you know that's not how you scored touchdowns or get into scoring position is by throwing two and three yard passes they suck the bears. Yes well every time you tried to throw down field he just left it up for an in his f. Hey thanks Rex Grossman blows are you gator people out there too you can't serve asbury Rex Grossman is just not good. The hopper solo 5 to 7 and any k 7 to 10 tonight while some of you might still be away. Cox. Hey. I want a move back to DC so please vote for him or we might hurt the winner. Move back into the wet house you can call me the first foul plan state manners. Vote for the lady. Vote for the lady. I'm talking about former first lady. That's what folks in his Hillary's time. When she's flying Air Force one I'll be home getting some in the last wing. And when a lion she I cannot be in peace that's the best thing. Vote for the lady. Vote for the lady. Talking about former first lady. Give his Hillary's time. Not. Do you provide special babies as right? Roll that you would give the lady better. I want to win position. I'm not going to say the comparing Hillary is a lack of a man. It is like comparing Model T4 to my one of my beautiful Corvats. When you agree. Yeah but I'm having a sneezing fit right now. I had to be for the show you heard all sneezing and sneezing. I said what these things probably rocked and all you're something minor like that. But the good news is I do have some herb tea. Good. I got some herb. Bigelow, cranberry apple. That's the good news. Even more good news. No caffeine. You want to know what the bad news is? What? Taste like craft. Oh that means good. That means good for you. Huh? That means it's good. I don't have any sweet low-enrgetters stuff like that. Probably some old people stole it. Oh my god is that rank or one? Wow. Crabberry apple sounds really good doesn't it? Yes it does. And during the next break I'll go and find me some stuff, some powder, some white powder. That's all the rage. Yeah that's why I'm here in that's why I'm in the cold probably would have found if she'd have been here today to find it. WDQAM hello. I George Rodriguez please. Is this a long distance call? No this is not a long distance call. How you doing Neil? Okay. What's your case? What do you got, Pally? Obviously not much. Oh come on Neil's Rickshaw. I was calling George. I need it. I'm looking for such a nice he-disposed number. I think your church could help me out. Sure can. Yeah hello, Kyo. Thank you. You have sent to a friendly to me though today. How come you're not saying that? You're not coming to you. You shouldn't have friendly to you every day. I love you Neil. Are you okay Rick? I'm fine. I think you got the cap on to Ted. Did you? Did he sound normal to you or what? He sounds like, he sounds like a bigger. He sounds all happy. Oh sounds really energetic. Well I'm just my last week on the air for a while I'm going home vacation next week. For a while. Look at for a week seven days we're going to the wine since your last day for a while but you're not retiring yet though, right? I'm not kind of open-ended there. So I'm looking for a replacement and I'm there. I'm there. I'm going to do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. No return. I got to 50 years of the mouth Neil. 50 years. 50 years. Oh crank it out the hits and doing those talk ups 50 years. 50 years my 1556 is when I started right out of high school. Oh good god. Yeah. You know what that tells me? You're old. Just like me. You're right. You're 60. So yeah, I guess that gives me four more years. Well at least you know you're doing fine. You're checking on it a long Oh, you are too much. Okay hang on Ricky Tickie and the don't do it. Don't put it on hold. Crystal. I'm going to give you a little hold. I'll give you a few numbers. Thank you. I'm one of my pieces of this too. Okay. Wow. If he would have told me who that was, would you know who that was? No. He's saying happy. He sounds wired this morning. Well, that T tastes like garbage, man. It tastes like somebody to drain it and put it in the toilet bowl and just I really picked that little. Oh, next. So it must be extra therapeutic. It must be really extra good. But by 1130 I'm going to sound just like a brand new child. I'll tell you. I've never been if it tastes good at a good for you. I said it. That's true. Well, the Lord works in mysterious ways. You know. They all got all that God bull crap. Okay. Let's see how the poll is coming. 800 for a hoe. It's we've got a thousand made. How much a Chris is really in here like Chris is so happy that I'm back. What do you when you so happy about what what what is everybody is so damn happy to his matter. Perfect. I'm ecstatic. I'm ecstatic. What living gay or by person do you most admire? Neal 337. He is legendary and he's an old fag. What's wrong with being a legendary old fag? What's wrong with being an angry prophet denouncing hipocracies of our times, right? Right. Howard. Uh-oh. Time is mad at hell. But I don't think I can take this anymore. No. Neal 337. I got the rest of the field. Licked. I hate this pull 82. Barney Frank 81. Do we still have that dick army thing? I'm sure too. Well, I know we do because that's nice. Leave it. Huh? Shut up a bitch. What the hell is that? I know what it's said. They're Barney Fag. Is what it's under. Right. There's the Barney talking to you. They give me your cold and catch it. Yeah. That must be a great talking. You'll go so. Like Fesian quiet. And I don't need to listen to Barney Fag. Barney Frank hanging in my ear because I made a few bucks out of a book. I'm glad for you dick. Barney Frank 81. I hate all Fags 56. Elton John. She's got 51. Gorbard all 41. He should be way way up there. I'm top. So to speak. David boy 29. Martin. Never got to over 23. Tommy Cruz 15. Tommy. You're fairy. Billy Jean King 14. Madonna 13. Rosie O'Donnell 13. Prince. She's got 11. It's got 11. Whatever it is. It's an it. It's not a he. It's not a she. It's an it. Miss ladies. And I think if you call it an it you leave it a couple letters off at the beginning. Ian McCullan nine. Richie Simmons. She's got seven. David Giffin six. Jack or Comer. She's got three. The star. The star. Gaze. Magdreds three. Calvin Klein appeared. I'll tell you one thing. Those Kevin. Find counters. They leave me. Well, what's the other one? Not Calvin Klein. What's the other room? The other what? The catalog. Abercrombian bitch. Abercrombian bitch man. Oh Chris Wood. Scrycard. Woo. There are some people in there who just just looking at the pictures leave me a week week at the knees. Boy George two tab hunter two. He used to be real pretty. And always in all the movies he was in. He was always walking around like almost naked. You know? Because he couldn't act and he sure couldn't sing young love. Oh, he was terrible. Larry Craner one. Dave Copay one. Whitney Houston. She's got one. And I believe it. And George Michael has got only one. Nobody likes Miss Michael I guess. 811. No. Well, I understand what would be the reason for that. They don't like old perverted facts. I mean I got 341 votes and there's nobody older or more perverted or more of a fact on his system. Me because nobody likes his music. That's George Michael correct. Keep the faith. Keep it. You know, baby. Fat is ex. You know. Gay guys. Fat shakes. That's all. Like Miss Michael correct. I see. So we got Rick Shaw called it already this morning on my first day back. He didn't say anything about welcome back from vacation. I sure was just an overson in his part. See I said look at the bit. That's right. Huh? That's right. Not I'm not I'm not the least bit. I'm I'm done. They're the call. He's a good guy. Yes, he is. D'Avertir Rick you're regretted. You're getting so bored after the first couple months man. Just like my trip to Berlin. I mean can you believe you asked me you know how was it? I said it sucked. You couldn't believe it could you and when I said that came back four days early you were in shock. Yeah, four days early from that each week I'm Berliner. I'm done that before on occasion when you have it a particular league of time. That's right. See that's one thing I leave my options open. And unlike certain airlines that I want to mention air Canada that gouge you when you like change the day to your trip like air Canada I don't want to mention because I got a good friends there and it's a fine airline, but it's an monopoly so they do whatever they want you So there was like any search charge from KLM You know that the one thing that I don't know why but the one thing these were nice 777s that I flew over and back in you know Six seats across in business class or seven seats across two three and two But the one thing that always when I fly KLM the Dutch pilot you know Kevin group take your seats. It's just they all sound like the same guy Maybe there maybe it's maybe the long guy flies all the planes. I don't know how he does it. It's like it's like how we find a godfather clips It's like a miracle. Yeah, don't ever take sides with anyone against the family again ever Never over oh You always on last night and I was just too tired of stay if I went to bed because I'm gonna be old Sonny Brasco. Oh, yeah, good speaking of Al Pacino excellent movie and Johnny Devin I think other than the day it's data when he was standing next to me with that leather jacket on And I put my arm around him and we had our picture taken I wish I had that picture man. I kiss it and the picture too But they you know there was a Johnny Brasco was good, but I couldn't stay up. Yeah Don't get the chop Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha no is that I don't know that we can play that when I said the one it's ended or not I don't think so I think it's all right Yeah, you're crazy well, that's another story. Wow. Okay. I'll try oh I got sort of started. Just knocked it down But I didn't know well you I don't think we can play this Hey Get the chop get the chop Is it like oh stuff like Oh no This day day Oh, and me Yeah I may be a little under the weather. I may be ill and but I still have a Finger the new Roger show Rock solid any questions And welcome back to the radio shopping club. I'm your host David now if you've been watching the news You know it's not good no the doomsday clock that tells us how close we are to the Destruction of the world has inched closer to Armageddon and the radio shopping club is decided to cash in of course We have introducing the RSE doomsday alarm clock now check this out It looks just like an ordinary alarm clock doesn't it except instead of waking to a buzzer or music or the sounds of nature You'll wait to a thunderous sound of nuclear annihilation now I know what you're saying you're saying David because that's my name. I don't want the world to end I don't want the oceans to run blood red. I don't want my skin to melt off my skeleton in a flash of radio active horror Of course you don't who does and you won't thanks to the RSE doomsday alarm clock snooze button yeah check this out now when you see that mushroom cloud Just get the snooze button and you'll get another nine minutes before you and your family are completely vaporized now What's more the RSE doomsday alarm clock has this nifty little picture look at this right here It's a battery backup so it will even work in the event of a global thermal nuclear electromagnetic pulse Awesome if the RSE doomsday alarm clock operators are standing by in the bunker and if you order now You'll make no payments until nuclear weather will be right back Let it 0 to it 560 that we can see much better. I sound now you want no why hot tea Guess what I found to put in my hot tea So blender. Oh, yeah, and it is splendid and I know what it tastes like sweet it tastes like Crap with the split in it, right? That's all right, which is better than crap without it And this blend has been sitting open. It's not in a little package. You know Okay, that's got a poor spot like so, you know, it's all terrible. Yeah, yeah And it's been sitting open and the cupboard for like I don't know months years. Who know, but it's okay I'm not dead yet. It's fine. Well speaking about dead. Yeah. Wait to hear this story. We'll believe it. All right Daniel Walker Not that Daniel Walker Johnny Walker Was on his final lap jogging in his high school gym class when he collapsed his flawed hard giving out a Just like that More than four days later his heart and a standstill kept alive by a bypass my sheenman it began beating again Oh The 17 year old parents called a divine intervention. You know who it was responsible They'll come his physicians were no less amazed Did it I've been a surgeon for 10 years. This is probably one of the most incredible things I have ever seen Dr. Abbeyl Manji. Oh, what if he's kidding a Dell man. He's used to drive a battalion Buffalo raceway been dead by the hundred years Dr. Abbeyl Manji Oh, or maybe that's manji. What a walkers cardiac surgeons at near Presbyterian hospital Columbia T isn't working to good anymore work for about a minute Walkers father described as sons recovery and spiritual terms God turned around put his hand in my son and we charged him said William Walker Fishy We're parents sanitation worker No I forgot I even had that damn thing No, this is a Shakira performance. I'm seeing those Spanish television was that from the Grammys? I have no idea by love Shakira. All right. Okay, I said I wish I had a watch it. I don't think it was too good After death threats boycott and a cold shoulder from the country music establishment The Dixie Shakespeare's sweet vindication last night at the 49 annual Grammy Awards Capturing honors and all five of the categories. We're nominated They were the top owners during the night when recording a academy spread the wealth even heading out two ties in two Two categories as it be stored for awards on the Red Hot Chili peppers Oh, they used to be really good in the beginning. They suck now. That's right and three on Mary J. Blige carry underwood just in ticker bell on so glad I missed it. Totally Bennett John here ludicrous and the late jazz musician Michael Brecker a more among those also received multiple awards Now John mayor was just in concert down there like we could go whenever and how what do you see it? Hey talking to me or Chris either one of you know what I can't handle that In fact, I think I saw John here and there was that he was there What I don't like John made well Shame on you mr. You a better get with it Is that John mayor? This is Joe mayor. Oh, I don't want to get with it I'll leave it for somebody else to get with Or maybe they these The Dixie Shakespeare film Rams for their top to awards record song album of the year They're taking the long way one best country album and not ready to make nice also kept the best company Orange by a dual group with both And so is an unparalleled response to the fewer said often 2003 when the band's lead singer Natalie Means made an off the cup and I wore a Mark's a London concert chorus just so you know she said I'm sorry What's wrong with him he was he was on her last night when I saw about the minute I'll send you it out when if you were no She said just so you know where I've shown the president to do. I says from Texas She had said Natalie means last night's last night's awards with a recording of Academies we joined her the country music radio establish which ignore the album Well screw the establishment okay cuz they're appealing to all the M. Yahoo rednecks. That's what they're appealing to you all them red states and rednecks and red Kind of like net baby, you know But you know chat he would probably a little chat that's a episode up in her safe in so Some days awards with the recording academies I just said that except they wore for the song of the year Ms. Maine's join for the first time in my life I'm speechless she said But she found her voice on later trips to the stage I'm very humbled that I think people were using the voice the same way this loud mouth that she said Self-referentially after taking a long way was named album of the year The next week to sweep of the major Grammy category services a shot counterpoint to their shutout and the country music Association awards in November Well hubsay and dreared If according academy consists of members across the nation working all genres of music The Red Hot Show effect was used to really be good way when they first came out and now they really everything sounds the same Yes, you're right who's enduring well see I know my crap I'm gonna tell you when I had that apartment in Amsterdam those two summers in a Roman I was dangerous as far as music is concerned Is that where it's playing some I thought because I had to settle like this and we had every music channel was ever invented And so we were right on top of the fact I might just say band-on-on-on-on Here and wishing you I what is it loving you whatever that sure whatever rest your voice that Do you understand as could you to want to work tomorrow? Yes, Wednesday right because you know how these things go with me when I was divorced early the cool it's always fee four days The Red Hot Chili peppers to three Grammies before the nationally broadcast show began a staple center 97 the 180 awards weren't even televised. What was that? It was not suspicious beginning on a night when the band was set up for as many as six awards Danny California Set like many of the band songs in LA and its environments one for best rock performance by a do our group of vocal and best rock song The band's double album and stadium Arcadeum first of that veteran groups albums reach number one one the best boxed or special limited edition And on the televised working the proceedings right after perform the band kept to the Grammy for the best rock album Oh This goes on I'll be done by let me through the out of voice say tell David Well, we're back into some more team. I got a hint about The Othé about T is it didn't stay hot real long no soon after the live telecast began on CBS Ms. Blige is album the breakthrough one for best R&B album and the best female R&B vocal performance Kind of many big Grammy for the best R&B song that she and three co-writers won before the broadcast be without you See without you, sorry about something I think it wasn't man those people in Germany are sure still for me now since I was there last some of these still haven't got ugly Man, they are sure pretty There was that is that it was Blige yeah, he would not you know I could be without that yeah, not for me. Thanks come here. Okay, so Well, most of the acceptance features paid tribute to the usual managers for those in and family one winner the rap star Ludicrous Deared off the beaten track when his release therapy Was named best rap album and addition to it. Let me be the executive's ludicrous tank the Fox news personality Bill O'Reilly and Oprah Winfrey will criticize him in the past. Well, screw them both Mr. Tinkerbell Who's he? Oh, oh See how that's why I want to clap I'm not gonna play any Justin even though I'm sure you better not here if you want if you want to play Justin just That's that's all you need Mr. Tinkerbell is album future sex love sounds was nominated for the most prestigious category of album of the year one best rap Sun collaboration with ti for my love while he and Tim Boland they go to producer of the moment one for best dance songs See how I'm losing my voice T. I also kept the granny for the best rap solo performance for what you know Not what you know, but what you know Yeah Another music industry veteran mr. Bennett. Oh and Bob Dylan gotten award Wow And mr. Bennett Tony Bennett who's been dead for 40 years one two or the awards including one phrase to What was Stevie Wonder for once in my life in a category where a best pop collaboration with vocal with a dead person And Mr. Grecker who died last month also got two Grammys for jazz instrumental solo and large jazz on Sava album is brother Randy's some some punk to pick up your pieces Yeah, if no one most said I want to be around to pick up your pieces and that's really sorry your pieces Oh, for me The country category offered up at least one more surprising twist would you I am I'm trying to talk and I'll talk over that music You want me to be a boy. Oh, yeah The country category offered up at least one more surprising twist as the new jersey arena rock band bond joe Oh my goodness. Oh my god one best country collaboration with vocals for who says you can't go home with Jennifer Nettles I don't mind bond joe We did I say had a car like one good song That's not it. Yes, it is a double for no this is the song you just mentioned Well, oh Oh I thought that it's my life Was not bad Huh This ain't a song about a half me My tech it's my life. I don't know shut that crap off please Let's surprise him with the awards to Mizenda wood who and American Idol Victor turned commercial superstar who want it for female country vocal performance Who Jesus take the wheel all what a deal when Jesus takes the wheels Christ man makes nothing make me squeal Continuing a Grammy traditionally Procamized to his Jimmy Stewart and his orchestra one for the best polka album polka and paradise It was their 16th Grammy and former president Jimmy Carter who's recent folk Palestine I piece not a part-time isn't counted a storm of opposition from privacy to Jews One great less contentious but as pointed production his our endangered values America's moral crisis Time to the best spoken word category with OCD this and Ruby D's with Oce and Ruby in this life together But I'll be put about that shit And like I said, well, there it is Rock Anderson CNN Hollywood. Oh, thank God. I missed that and thank God. I didn't watch it Neil Rodgers Boy, I just made it back on the kitchen and time that time Close Two posts were comfort up here First thing I said when my plane finally landed Let's be I'm tired of it here Next thing I said my best friend was Let's get us I'd like to be here, hooked up with some bass Seems like like it's finally being kind of safe And I got a little better of fixed price Something I could not believe I'm panic over back to that place where they shoot at me Leave all the comforts of all the home Place where they enjoy Killing each other, don't know if they think you need them Their core of new experience, saying But you never knew it Got to go back to the floor 1134-26, so no matter I just made a small hot water, you know, good nooks and water And it just fell a gap back Miss Blue Gainus has got her own webpage, by the way, regular scenes, or sure That's never better Just about if you don't have your own webpage, man you ain't, uh, Schmidt, you ain't country, you ain't Schmidt So about them, fix each other, huh? All these right wing redneck Yahoo's How dare you criticize our prison? Of course the reason oh look at this CNN's Rick Sanchez Got a proposal of a lifetime Sunday from Oscar winning Hollywood holiday Charlize Thedon During an interview to discuss a new documentary about Cuban rappers east of Avanna The South African actor looked right at the camera and said, I want to make out with you right now But her shocking proclamation was not so much a come on as a play to turn a corner on an interview that was going downhill fast As Sanchez put it away from beautiful woman to get a guy to change the subject You know what that reminds me of? What I'm sure why you even you remember it And there we go, oh here it is There's always been a tough season for jet fans What is it meaning to you now and it's you was struggling I want to kiss you I can't tell less about the change struggling I want to kiss you Thanks Joe That gave to him What's in these guys about that? I'm glad that another one Joe what a Yahoo he is Anyway when the Cuban American Sanchez asked about the lack of freedom on the own Thedon's land What she said was the lack of freedom in the US you go Charlie's we love her She's a sweetheart Beautiful and she is love robsious even I might hang out with her really She here's the transcript edited She said why would argue that there's a lack of freedom in America? I think you know I think we tend to sense as yes But you don't have Democrats being arrested and thrown in jail and you can have a meeting in your house and Therons says No, but I do remember not too long ago some people getting fired from their jobs in TV because they spoke up on how they felt about the war Sanchez you think the lack of freedom is in Cuba or proud parallel with like your freedoms in the US Theron while I would compare those two yes definitely Sanchez yes, it sounds like sounds like it and I have a very high opinion of the US if you think that freedoms Theron oh my god know you're so wrong. Absolutely love it. Why do you think I live in the US? Theron I want to make out with you right now In his voice over Sanchez said the comic came in a moment he totally missed Yeah, this is awesome over Yeah She was just fun and she was just making an ass out of it Also video of it. He helped with she was doing he didn't even help he was making a good ass Adam himself big fat ass really really the Cuba issue and he's got a pose and posture and right That's right because he's like Illiana was in a dinner one dimensional idiot What are your people by the way this Barack Obama my man? Hi hero you go, Barack He is the man I Thought it was a tragic mistake Senator Obama has the distinction of never having to cast a vote to authorize the war since he was not in the Senate at the time But that a campaign event Sunday protesters were a reminder that no candidate or exempt from voters angry about a rat Oh, yeah, I'm not always purchased these is like seven of them. Well, I'm so stupid vanter up there Idiots morons So some of the facts is in from your close buddies over university died. I must be Kimba Boe camper How's that the Kenny and Boe morning show going by the way? Oh, it's great Gay governor Charles Charlene Chris did has on here. Let's see the poll is which living gay or bipartisan Amherst Charlie Chris of course your gay governor in Florida How could we forget her right? I guess we won't put Mark Foli on there not too many people admire Peter files correct Charlie Chris you got it for Chris sake. You got it good How are you gonna let pull anyway got nine something yet? I don't know what I was worried about getting to a thousand. Oh, we got nine seventeen already Boy, we are kicking big fat ass. There's swelry that bitch I think we'll be done a bus deal Stupid mistake, so I think she's done the right thing and yeah, well, what do you expect for you to say okay? I think don and have we may have all something going to do them? Thanks, sir When surprised me Which living gay or bipartisan speaker that you admire most on the list? I've fast asked Bill Bennett the upper right hand corner of the screen I've got a piece of crap. They say on a he's already making a $2 million better than the election Jack has one thing our can't stand as people who gamble Oh Which living gay or bipartisan most admire? Neal 387 the legendary Faggy Neal the one I want to do they're weather guy there that's a key guy I'm CNN oh brother Barnie Fag 93 I hate this pool 92 I hate all fags 59 out in John 59 Corbett all 45 David boy 34 martin and I've art hello with 27. I would have us had one of David's knives Billie Jean King 20 Tom Cruise. She's got 16 Madonna 15 the immaterial girl rosio Donald 14 Prince 11 what is it? Ian McClull and I still know who the oh I know who that is he was not horrible movie Would the bus the bus accident? Sorry sir Ian McClull and he was not off the movie where he was the attorney and he volunteered to represent the Families and though when that school bus went off the road. I don't think I saw that movie. No, I'll I'm during the break I'll find it. I got another room okay the DVD and my DVDs. I Harble movie you never socked don't see his band don't think so Where she simins a David Gaffin six Matt George. She's got four self-hating queen Mr. or Congress got three the old star gaze I just like doing that in case you had noticed Calvin Klein three the red cream or two George Michael's got another one now. He's got a pair And if you if you want he'll show him to you boy George two tab hundred two Greg Lucenus one Dave copay one and with the Houston cheese down they went about him would be the first time 1922 We are adding Charlie twice right our gig oven. Yes, we did good Not that we want to out anybody here on here, but unless you're deaf dumb blind and maybe dead Everybody knows that Charlie is yay your gig oven in Florida I think they just love it that's right pictures from this auction. We know five 60 Comvertize from the good old days your brother playing with his light bright and you making a groovy picture on your etchist Gatch well fishing price toys is bringing those good times back to this looks like the best batch yet It's the easy baked meth oven Down by old man John's place. It doesn't lock his tank the easy baked meth oven It'll keep your kids busy for weeks. They'll hardly be able to sleep What I can't understand you think gas has gone I'm feel so good The easy baked meth oven some assembly required not responsible for constant face picking loss of teeth or deaf from Fishy price hey don't make a mess on the counter Now you'll be pleased and I'm sure not all the way to cure I'm just like you I don't care anymore. We had two hundred and four dropouts on our streaming on the internet Yeah, they're having problems today. It's days two hundred and four. It's only 1146 in the big city in the magic So I'll be able to do a lot better than that And beg your pardon. Oh, we can probably get up to 500 by two a client In fact, that'd be a good thing We can we can have a race between a number of people we have a friends on the my space page The number of dropouts are internet streaming and the votes on the poll. How do you like that? So I like them apples. So speak at a music Well, that's kind of low in order This is that music inspired by the godfather cd that you got no this is the original This one is apalonia. Oh She has her own theme. She had her own apples on you two big apples. Yeah That lovely match pair Yeah, my or I carry you so I got one large breast in the middle of her Be where her cladical supposed to be oh Yeah, I'll see baby. Now to rest that throat Otherwise Georgian says it gonna be on the rest of us It's in the bad idea over the tape for the moment I'm not some picture girl For some about so I'm playing take this time you This is me I beg your pardon that from three without with that gay guy was saying that You know you guys You talk about your son yeah, yeah, wasn't just some gay guy that was that was Michael's son ant right He was just some gay guy who's also a horrible actor whoever was playing that well, he was perfect Getting out of the three of them He's been in like a mass prayer. I'm telling you you're right about that team man. It's really helping me big time Frank rich, right? See I'm actually gonna get into my pile now Although I really struck struck it rich with a rich father What not amazing to you? Yeah, yeah, I think that's about three times in row he's done that What's I called you would call you off guard? I mean when I wasn't really hardly even taking the calls. I just punch one up. I'm about three times in row he's done that What's I called you would call you off guard? I mean when I wasn't really hardly even taking the calls. I just punch one up. It must be our second connection The fact that we're both in radio and we're both very old Must be and both legends. I'll say that no question about him. He's legendary Hey Ricky your legendary baby and your smelly cap too you're the best well next to me Next to the legendary kneel the Frank works says stop and before it gets more experience As the official Barack Obama rollout reaches his plan climb acts on 60 minutes tonight this was in yesterday's time So follow Where in the yesterday's New York times who was on last night so was written for yesterday morning So when he's talking about 60 minutes tonight you understand what I'm trying to say folks they all do you just don't We'll learn if he has the star power to upstage and in the cool Smith But at least one rap against him can promptly be laid to rest his lack of experience if time in the US Senate is what counts for presidential seasoning maybe his two years worth is already too much Better we get out now before there's another embarrassing non-vote on a non-by-the measure about what will soon be a four-year-old war History is going to look back in the last weeks farce with the Virginia Republican John Warner Hoting to kill a debate on his own anti-surgery resolution and West Virginia Democrat Robert bird Season the occasion for an hour long salaliqui on coal mining As the Senate pleasure to itself with parliamentary one-upsmanship the rate of American casualties in Iraq reached a new high Today after the resolution to Barack Obama spoke with Senator Obama about the war and about his candidacy since we talked by phone I can't swear he was clean but he was definitely articulate He doesn't yet sound as completely scripted as his opponents though some talking point I this is creeping in and he isn't remotely defensive as he shrugs off the race Contrary times do sure prompted by his White House run Not that he's all sweetness in light if the criterion is how long you've been a Washington Then we should just go ahead and assign to a Biden the Chris down the nomination he said what people are looking for is judgment What Mr. Obama did not have to say is that he had the judgment about Iraq that his rivals lacked As an Illinois state Senator with no access to intelligence reports he recognized in October The administration claims that the Sodom's imminent direct threat to the U.S. or hype And foresaw that an American occupation of Iraq would be of underterm at length at underterm in cost with underterm in consequences Nor can he be a pillorated soft on terrorism by the Chinese Lieberman access of Neuma Carthiism I don't oppose all wars. He said in the same Chicago speech what I'm opposed to was a dumb war Now that Mr. Obama's past two men's vote among other stations of best selling authors across of hype He wants to move past the dumb phase of Obama mania He's begun to realize how difficult it is to break through the interest in me on the beach or that my wife's made me stop sneaking cigarettes He doesn't expect to be elected leader of the free world because he can tell a good joke on J. Leno It's an open question and legitimate question he says whether he can channel his early boomer into a life-rule victory No one can answer that question if he's absurdly early age and it's certainly long presidential race The most real-bandless world of these serious criticism of the engenders including the charge that he is Consulatory to a fault The obvious that he's not interested in just splitting the difference what he habitually sees a consensus on tough issues There are sometimes when we need to be less bipartisan he says I'm not interested in cheap by partisanship We should have been less bipartisan asking tough questions about it. We're gonna disreback war. He said He's introduced his own end-the-world planicle to be on the split the difference kind of makes to the current escalation His bill said as a beginning may and end March 31, 2008 for the faith with drool of combat troops along with certain caveats Dwarmer can military flexibility as a big difficult messy situation plays after me in game Unlike the more tillets and a work critics and footing Hillary Mr. Obama has no crumbs about embracing plan with what he unabashedly labels a timeline But he has no messy and accretentions and his nephew of a realist to own up to the fact that his proposal has no present chance to be coming along No to any of the other end-the-world plans offered by congressional Democrats some overlapping his some calling for a faster-race-thin his If an unbinding resolution expressing mob criticism of president Bush's policy can't even come to a vote in the Senate Legislative-sindimending actual action is an unstarter All the Democrats parrying about troop caps timelines benchmarks cutting off war funding whatever Is that gonna make you set this in index of the posture being struck by the various presidential hopefuls that they compete for the parties base There's simply aren't 60 votes in the Senate the fourth-hand of a president who Mr. Obama's words is held bet on doing what he's been doing for the last four years Unless of course Republicans join in The real part of every Iraq proposal Mr. Obama observers is to crack up the political heat until a lot pressure bills within the Republican party that they essentially be vote Yeah, they're revolting all right most of Here are these the last weeks refused the lack and an unbinding resolution reveal just how quickly that pressure is building If the resolution didn't matter he asks why would they go into so many hoops to avoid the vote? He seconds chuck a go celebrate their exposure before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee when he pointed at folks in demand that all hundred senators be held accountable for their votes And what Senator Hagle called the most divisive issue in his country since Vietnam That's why Mr. Obama is right when he says that the individual 2000 contest for the Senate and the House Our least is important is the presidential race when it comes down to winding down the war Ultimately what's going to make the biggest difference is the American people especially in swing districts and in Republican districts sending a message to the representatives This is intolerable to us He said That message was already sent by many American voters on election day last year Obama manual the Illinois congressman who with the Senate counterpart Chuck Schumer over saw the Democratic takeover Smell is the blood of more Republicans in Marshall district in 2008 His party is now in the hunt for fresh candidates including veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan Such as the sense of impending doom among House Republicans that their leader John Banner told CNN on January 23 Then it could render a herd of time rather than a latest busher back strategy is working in a mere 60 to 90 days In the Senate even the rule for tough opponents proving enough to make income and flip over night from rubber stance support of the White House's war policy to criticism of the surge Norm Kulman and Minnesota started running away from his own record the moment he saw the white-sadout Franken's eyes Another endangered Republican up for election in 2008 John Sonnun who will have no hamster literally sprinted away from the press The Washington Post reported rather than feel questions about his vote on the non-violent resolution last week My own guesses that the Republican revolt will be hastened more by the harsh reality in Iraq than any pressure applied by Democratic maneuvers in Congress Events are moving just too fast While senators played their partisan games on Capitol Hill. They did so against the backdrop of chopper after chopper going down on the evening news The just-up position may wash nons or of unreality look-up scene Senator Warner reflects such a fool voting against his own principles No matter how strong that I feel about my resolution he said I saw a whole with my leader That by the end of the week he abruptly released a letter Asserting that he and six Republican colleagues do want him to baton an anti-surge resolution after all Of the five-sadout toys five of them up for election in 2008 mr. Warner among them What anyone in Congress would half a brain knows is that the surge was sabotage before began the latest national intelligence estimate said As much when a positive that even if violence is diminished Erach's absence of unifying leaders makes political reconciliation doubtful Not enough capable Iraqi troops are showing up and is general Peter Pace told a centralized week not enough Armored vehicles were able to protect the new American deployments The state department can't recruit enough civic officials to manage the latest push to turn on Baghdad's electricity as the agents Oncitorial hostilities with a Pentagon Revealingly enough the surges two leaders already are searching for post-rum spelled scapegoats William Crystal a 10th of the new defense of computer Robert Gates for letting the joint chief slow walk them brigades in Washington's conventional wisdom has it that worst things go in a war the more voters will want to stick with it Try and true Clinton McCain, Julie Annie But his Mr. Obama reminds us nobody had better washed and resumes than dictator Donald Rumsfeld In the wake of the catastrophe they and their enablers in both parties have made the inexperience should have a crack in inheriting the earth Especially if they're clean Right, Frank Rich with an ice shot at Joe Biden See, I'm gonna make him till two or one. Yes, I think you will and all the rest of the week too The best talent to the beast is Neil Rogers Sports Radio 560 A Great equipment whenever I shave my balls. I listen to the meal rotters 12 to one hour Huh Sufit but you selected Oh But I'm not a way to spin on my cash I promise you that you're pathetic and I'm a rash She was about to build a really tough night She'd been stressed my butt I don't care You bet, but you should know I'm all beat up and grow I hope there won't be stars All me, both of my feet Now, last year was the Valentine's I got it a mess How I know I'd be hidden on a man in a dress Today I got a call that says, do we my mitt He said, he got bitch No, no, no, no, no, no, no This is a joke, my love Like really blow Back to the people of France For me, I can't get you I do do Love, so good This days I'm just my love Like really blow Back to the people of France Level two to five, 60 to the view I think one or two more stories like that Last Frank Richcom, I'll be done for the week For the month, may or boys it's a, huh? 9,000 or 68 votes on the pool This is the hour we go over 1000 Chris is pretty excited about that Chris is excited about back We all know, I told you, and it's getting, get out of here You're so, God, is this because Wednesday is Valentine's Day Is that what it is? But, you know 9,000 or 68 votes on the pool Yeah, you don't want to get carried away And Josh courtesses is so sure to get him a new thing You ought to talk to him I'm sure they, well, I saw the website They make replacement parts available You just need to know the partner Like if you have the man I was talking about a new thing I know what you're talking about I don't think there's a need for that When it's just the element See, I'm trying to, I'm trying to be a nice guy Okay, I was, why do you want to buy a whole new weapon When you just need to replace it Because it's not like a hundred bucks for the whole day I'm saying, wasn't it? Yeah So, what's a hundred bucks? What is that like? Three minutes, it would buy in on a bad day Like recently, 70 more than like 30 bucks or whatever People who argue with me over like, you know, In a school, it amounts like that They're just wasting their time Because I'm going to become a hero We live in, I'm going to start stopping We're getting people's pants if they don't cut a grab one The rest of us live in a prugal world So we have to think along those lines Well, I don't 960, I've actually heard of our refresher We got 977 on the pool It's not what I'm really interested There's no cut 971 And I got almost half the votes I got 405 And that's because I'm a legend, dude Not just a regular on-year fag But a legendary old fag Right, which I'm a mighty proud Anyway Oh yeah, Dick Cheney, major cropped belongs in jail right now Of course we all know that Dick Cheney's expected to make a historic appearance On the witness stand at the trial of his former AIDS Scuder Libby who's accused of obstructing justice And trying lying to officials investigating The Bush administration's alleged outing a CI officer Monday's New York Times says One witness is downed the trial of a scuder Libby without even showing up at the courtroom Scott Cheney and Jim Rottenberg right in the times The article continues They have to day The jury's heard accounts of the acts of Vice President Cheney Watched as his handwritten notes for display Then a gigantic screen heard how he directed the list To the press In order the White House to publicly defend Libby His top-aid and close confidant Now is the defense phase of the perjury trial Against Cheney's expected to make an historic appearance On the witness stand It's an act of loyalty that carries considerable risk for Cheney Law professor Peter Scheney tells the times It could make great theater because whatever the Vice President Testifies to would then become fair game for the prosecution Use against him on cross examination But it'd be pitiful put about long way ago Maybe they'll fry his ass Maybe they'll put him right in the ringory Relongs and his partners and cram as well The grace fire Yeah You pick it on Dick Cheney again You pick it on Dick Shame on you Four nine seventy-one I better fire your first should Nine seventy-seven Seven Seven I have these all over the place You know W-I-B-C We're in On New York To every whale around Seven seventy-one On your dial But great deep blue shine The home of the night You just can't put it down Yeah I better let the dead up Then down Go Yeah Yeah Shame To bring this radio Yeah Yeah Hope they pay you I don't know It's W-A-C W-A-C W-A-C Oh man Oh Twelve-six a Q-A And both those are the days man Personality radio Jingu's That's not my best actually Listen to A and radio my mind's right And The Jingu's were done If I like the real light that was really Yo, Chubby Checker Mm-hmm And with the Chubby Checkers in the Patso Yeah Doesn't We don't have the Joey thing I thought we had We got this I am that hemorrhate I thought we had the old Joey Reynolds team So by Frankie Valley We don't have that Don't we? That's bad I thought you did Well probably it's one of those We got this Joey's days are done As he would say Sticker forking him He's not Joey's days are done But we don't have the Frankie Valley That was my point Is that the, you know Of course they used to pay for it Big time Pay to the nose I got so much good stuff here That I would love to read But I just don't know why I can do it Go, knock on some doors Around there the apartment See if somebody wants to come in And be on a radio show And have them read it Ha ha ha ha ha Like the guy The front desk there See if he's busy Oh they got in front desk right now He's a one of your people He's a snitch And by me he's a, his fan Yeah, yeah Let's you know In fact I think both of guys Both my conscientious is Is our Latino Good guys We call it Latin in English What does that mean? You said Latino That's how you say Nothing Nothing the word is Latin As long as we're speaking English But we're not Because we're speaking English That's right If we got a key If the weather guy's name is a key Then I want to be I.E Where were he? And a big snowpile And a mexico in New York He really has just done something For my life I'll tell you that I mean that's, that's what we really want All you, if you really want people to watch the news Quit screwing around you know Put some really hot young Guys, you know, scandily clad Really provocative, you know Showing whatever it could be showing And then we'll watch a lot I mean I watch it because I got to watch it Because we got to pretend that I care you know Special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald Rest in this case against Cheneys former thief of chef Chief of staff Well I say Steep of chef Steep of chef On Thursday and a trial It's so far lasted 11 days That a fence planted Beginners presentation today The drama being played out of Washington Court of Rungo's back in time To the early summer of 2003 This is long I'm never going to read this The Bush administration was struggling to overcome growing up But in submission in Iraq was anything but accomplished The claim about weapons of mass destruction That was used to justify the West London Vasion in March 2003 And not been supported in certain tax were on the rise Actions were growing that the White House had Distorted and held in Storationalized Invasion, trapped testimony so far Including eight hours of liberalized Own audio recorded testimony to a grand jury in 2004 So just that a White House known as discipline Was anything but that What has emerged instead is I'm just going to read a little bit of this It's just too low What has emerged instead is a vice president Fixed it in finding ways to debunk a former diplomat's claims That Bush misled the West people in going to war And a suggestion Cheenie might have played a role in suppressing Contrary intelligence A presidential press secretary Captain the dark on Iraq policy Top White House officials meeting Daily to discuss the diplomat Former Ambassador Joe Wilson and sometimes even His CIA officer Life Battle Replay Libby's accused of lying to the FBI in the grand jury About a stock-suit of reporters concerning plain He got to what House press secretary did And he was the source of leak Or said secretary like a Bob Woodward says Secret secretary He says he thought he first heard about plain CIA Jaffer and be seized him Russard that tasty based Harrison from Buffalo But after checking his own notes He told the FBI in the grand jury Cheney himself told him that plain worked at the CIA A month before the talk with Russard But Libby says he forgot that in the crush of business And the crush of monkey business Cheney was already helping manage the administration's response To allegations that had twisted intelligence The most of its case on Iraq When Wilson's allocation In a New York Times op-ed piece under Lies 6,2003 Came into his crosshairs Cheney told Libby to speak with selected reporters To counter the bad news He developed talking points on the matter for the White House press Orifice He up grabbed a statement by the CIA director George Tenon He moved to declassify some intelligence material The most of the case against Wilson Cheney even could Wilson's column out of the newspaper He's inscribed by hand on it Have they done the sort of thing before Send an ambassador to answer a question Do we ordinarily send people out pro boner to work for us Or to diswife send him out of junk it Cheney and Libby discussed a matter multiple times each day According to Libby's grand jury testimony A former Cheney press a Kathy Martin testified She proposed they can some news excuses It was kept partly in the dark when Cheney ordered Libby to lead part of a classified intelligence report Later she arranged a luncheon for conservative commas with Cheney To help both of the administration case What didn't he touch? It's almost like there was almost nothing too trivial for the vice president To handle severe University of Professor Paul Light An expert in the bureaucracy of the executive branch The details of Cheney was almost a deputy president with a shadow operation He had his own source of advice He had his own source of access He was making his own decisions like that And he belongs in his own cell And a federal extension facility Starting front of Toronto That's this much I'm gonna read Okay, I'm talking Huh? No, that's good Well I do too much We need a lot more of this We could take a lot of phone calls Yeah, like the ones on it right now Sure, look at them all Only 25 wrap-outs we stopped dropping out on internet It said the coast is clear you can listen online now, okay The apologize profusely for the technical incompetence of our engineering staff and whatever else is going on I'm sure they're gonna put some excuses somebody else is far, right? Right, the dog done it And dog probably stuck his tail on the middle of the thing Little dog is here for me Or maybe just head some body a wild diarrhea who knows Jesus Christ of science God bless you Oh God bless you God bless you You tell you that you're living in Toronto You're wanted to win Jump on over this cat and then heal the blind Make more noise and fishes when they're on an ellipt I'll be his name from here across the special fetch Jesus Christ of science, all the chief That's what they say, Tom, there's will be God bless you Jesus Christ of science, all the chief Come on in yourself, I'm wishing you a possible three Jesus Christ of science, all the chief Now, we're the game from the final see Tom, you're Jesus Christ Say it out loud It doesn't sound right Jesus Christ of science, all the chief Probably 18 and 5, 60 W. K. W. M. Yeah, let's get all those calls on here They'll kill some good time It's supposed to be nice in here trying to pute my guts Of course there aren't any calls They're fine sick, well it's because I haven't given the numbers up Now how are your calls last week? Come on All right Wow, what ought to five? I'd say Come on Chris, give me an objective answer I don't know what to say We had some good callers but you know then of course the idiots had that chime in Wait to hear this Big bucks I'm sure you guys I'm sure you're a Naples based radio operator, Beesley Broadcast We reported higher than expected revenues For the fourth quarter of 2006 Oh my god That revenues increased 4.2 million to 34.8 million From 30.6 million in a year ago That's almost enough to pay me That was nearly a 14% increase Oh my god Right And I knew it's released The company said increased revenues came from stations It didn't operate in the fourth quarter of 2005 And higher revenues coming from stations And I've got to Georgia Fort Myers Naples And last wages Then said nothing about Miami Company had profits in nearly 3.8% jump from a year ago When it had an income of about 1.5 million Propice of nearly 3 million in the fourth quarter Fouided in 1961 Beesley owns a operates 43 stations in other markets in the US Cheers closed to $9.17 on Friday, down 7 cents Well I guess they hadn't heard the Anusia Yeah Down to 6.7 Don't buy BVG on I want to blow out by Brake And the ones they're in You have to set the blinded by BVG on And the one person calling me I say welcome back, hope you had a wonderful vacation Which I already told you I did not But nevertheless, there would be the Gentile thing to say Maybe this is them though You think? I doubt it WQAM hello Yes sir I just want to tell you about the ABC before I thought it was up Does anybody enjoy it? Yeah On Saturday night WAPC actually Get away from their right wing lunatic stuff for a couple hours And they do show where they do all these And they play the jingles and they request them It's actually pretty cool Really? Yeah Well how about my getting here then? They have an odd day at the show Online? Yeah All right From 77 WVAC Go! Go! Go! Go! And what time is this time? It's on from 6 to 10 Every Saturday night and it's hosted by I think it's maximum Pretty cool So I sure hope Cousin Brucey has a good on it Well that's here They have interviews with all of the guy They call a Perry Harrison and Ingram and all of the guy go He's a nice old man I mean there are plenty of eagles around the world But he has such an e-hole cousin Brucey But never been Hey, look at the phone I'm looking for the Paul Could you put on a short stuff And Riley on there Okay, how about me? Thank you sir All right, thanks Yeah, I'm very loyal Charles Nelson Riley is alive What is wrong with you? All right Our close buddy Brandon had me watching a game show channel Last night because they were shown all these old clips From all these infamous people and they were shown match game Charles was on there for like nine years That upper right hand the seat She was in there Yeah, she's still alive She's about 150 Charles Nelson Riley Thousand and nine votes on the pool I just took a peek Not bad WQAM Hello imagine if I could speak QAM Hello Good afternoon Good afternoon sir Hey, I don't know if you got beef This guy on your pole But how about Marion the Duke What's his name John Wayne? He's still alive Oh, oh, he's got to be alive I thought which a live or dead Which living gay or by person do you most admire Oh, well, you you're my idol Okay, thanks, Pally You're gay You're gay You're gay You're gay So John Wayne was gay since when his name was Mary and that they didn't make him gay I mean, we could put rock Hudson on there But he's also still there We could put so many on there Or James Dean But they're also still dead I mean Eric would have an nervous breakdown If I'd have to send the whole Can you imagine how many people run that list I googled it last night when I was making this pull up Putting it together There's 80's eight in people Of course a lot of it is just assumed you understand Because there aren't too many of us Who have the balls to come out of the closet So we have to just assume You know I mean Tommy You're fair like that Yeah WQAM Hello You're joking It's no okay great WQAM Hello QAM Hi me Yes me Can you put the newest gay on the whole And who's that? The only pro basketball player to come out of the closet His name is John and me John and me too He's actually ex pro Yeah ex is ex But he's the only ex or pro basketball player But they're the same amount of money Okay never heard of but we'll put money Yeah you know if you google him it's not how to talk You know because he's the same amount last week Okay thanks Thank you Bye As I meet you as in like Don and Meachy Or Meachy as in friends in Italia Hey, uh, uh, Meachy Meachy How you spell that I don't know Crystal ball I'll leave it up to Chris He's the basketball expert he knows his balls I'll leave it up to you You know he's he's talking about I know who she's talking about Yes, he ended a whole big story about me That's the thing The reason he decided to come out now basically Because well he's got a book coming up Oh How surprising You don't think he's trying to type the book to you That would never be very unusual No no and that's that Do they? Nobody does anything like that That is so crash and gross I hope he sells a lot of books How much do you hope hard? They've they've alone I'm not to be confused with the harness driver day Pologne or just a Is a great guy Well, sure the boss great guy Actually day polo came up to my table at Pompa no park one time back at the Alan Finkelson days The driver I'm talking about from the meadows where Roger Houston puked out the calls of the races at the meadows See, I better not start doing that I won't be here tomorrow You know Roger Houston he was the first track and answer Pompa no park by the way Roger Houston And his ego is just as big in the flavor than as it is now The voice he calls himself the voice What kind of an evil calls himself the voice It would be like me saying I'm legendary Yeah, who would do that me Well, I'm not the one that came up where that come from I came from that and it wasn't Josie land be to with some malice No, I'll throw that wrote right thing on me I mean Josie's a good guy But he would never he would never look my butt that hard Leave tracks I'm sure 25 pass no no queue. I'm just thinking of getting my voice back a little or not I don't know it's just it's a little raw and the voice too Probably from walking my with no socks in the wintertime If you took better care of me if you were like you know better better advisor and counselor Yeah, I know I try to talk to you in the wedding socks and I won't wear it See the bells and radios and a moth I don't need this to we have no snow We don't have a just a little a little bit from my few weeks here today what about the moth You try to you like it And now we're reading from the book of Joshua tree side one track two and bono steak until the edge Yeah, though I have run I have called yeah, though I have scaled these city walls Only to be with me I That's end if the YouTube wrist going out walk away walk away I will follow I 31 or five six to WQM John and me. Gee wow look at that middle name EKWU GHA echo over a me Chey How did I like that okay? Yes, we was born Italy Were you gonna say what did Chris say England? No, let me give you a clue Tramon street Ammanel Hall Well Boston yeah there you go. Oh you been in Boston huh? Yep Quincy market The back bay kind of wealth Avenue where I lived many a hundred years ago Well, I love Boston back back in the day man. I love Anyway, he was born in Boston mass former NBA basketball player who currently works as a broadcaster in England as you just see The son of an I jury and father he was raised in stock for England by his English mother a mechie which is felt a a e c a J. I Move to the West play high school basketball same John's high school until he'd all high all by my reading this and it's of no interest to me because he's Gay, that's it. Well fits in with our topic today. It fits in with Sean's obsession I mean Sean this list of pull that let me tell already told you this list that he sent me a capoysio Which gay person you most admire we got that today we put living who is most annoyingly gay? What do you think of gay people not not that Sean is trying to tell us something one of Sean's wife is away Maybe there's a side of Sean that we haven't seen it, you know Broadcasting career he can be seen covering a weekly NBA basketball game heir to the UK on the television channel five of a personal life. Oh Uh oh Gay In February 2007 it was announced that a mechie would speak about his homosexuality on the February 11 edition of ESPN's outside the lines program I was that this yeah, yeah, that was yesterday Wow, how did I miss that? How come we didn't call me up and tell you we were just flag on TV life actor is still overseas My came back Wednesday, and I'm glad I did look look how what could it be for my health Now I just I feel better I'm a new man today He's also scheduled release of forcoming book man in the middle which discusses history and life is a closet and professional athlete A mechie will be the first NBA player to publicly speak about his homosexuality and joins a very short list of males and professional team sports will come out of the closet The book is titled man in the middle. We've said this got you same laugh, but they want to tell you again published by ESPN books A mechie's declaration in the book as you've ported Wednesday February 7 on the SPN.com and he appeared last night yesterday morning nine. Well, I could have seen that on outside the lines Because I didn't go to woodmine till like noon issues today so I could easily watch that if you call me up and say hey, but I watch ESPN whatever it is. I'll know next time outside the lines Curly a TV person out in the mechie house from the mechie basketball center and Manchester which encourages kids to become involved in sports and their communities I don't think a mechie's declaration while any effect in his ability to do that said sit Ziegler the co-founder of outspores.com A website dedicated the game for instance sports. I wonder if Cam Nelly I mean Cam Nelly is involved in it You'll have some people raise an eyebrow he said. Uh oh Very few male team sports members and not among NBA players of publicly declared their homosexuality among the more former NFL players as Sarah to follow that's in it right? Okay, sure. I'm asking Chris not to former NFL. Yeah as Sarah to all. No, I know how else you could say Roy Simmons and Dave Copay played with 49 and from a major league baseball players then Burke and Billy Bean. Oh watch Billy Bean, Billy's beans Silver said he is ready to advance copy of a mechie's books book with him on the telephone. He gave some insights on mechie's upbringing and England where he was raised by his mother And felt isolated because of his size and black race and that of course turned out to be a wow he had some issues as they say Oh, uh someone so's got issues Who the hell doesn't have issues? Does anybody who has no issues? No, or tissues. Yeah, especially when you cry a lot. You know what you're like an overgrown child like Memory to God father How could we forget there's al Martino cry like an infant? Yeah, what's it matter with you? Madacone 142 votes on the pool. I don't I'm this full. So ridiculous, yeah Who do you think? Which living gay or by person you're most in my well, I should have put myself on there But that would never be for a 39 votes. You voted for me sure I did you admire me. I do And I thought about it. I read the whole list Pretty interesting to me. I'm finding out the last couple of ways. Let me look again. What am I saved messages here? I just want to read it. I want to make sure I'm not making something up. Okay. Oh, I suspect. I totally respect you. Well, as we expected it might have the same thing Not exactly, but they're similar close. Well, that's good And his message was a lot more important than yours, but nevertheless no question Well, Neo 442 I hate this full 106 Barney Fag 99 I hate all fags 67 What is that? I hate all fags? I mean, you know, obviously I'm a pool, but what is that? What is that? See a fag you hate him? Elton John 62, Gorbard Alphifty 3 David Bowie 40 Can we still play that? It's only David Bowie Huh? Why not? I don't know. Let's find out. David Bowie 40 Martinez got 29 Goly Jean Queen, a team, has got 23 Oh, would we be being on the front page? But to the world, don't satisfy your eyes Just like a try, your wall, to bring your lips and rings Need a kitchen to try, you guys, days Down on my knees, begging your please I know, dear, at home, old man I just have no for that muscle flow David, check out my behind Welcome David Bowie, I can't you say that there's no for I have been a no, day I know, a gerence of the show, but she might like him Oh, I know, oh, it's not, I know, which hold in like the blow When a lie gets up, oh, they're growing I know, we won't answer them or she's a never lie dead Only David Bowie said, I know Like I said, I'm not probably the ball And after coming back from Berlin, even when you asked me that, find my friend From my summer from World Cup, we can Berlin, even even ask that If you could be going to that information, if you had, I did not It would be the first word, I know I did not No, I did not Follow the ample substance that you could prove, nevertheless David Bowie 40, an apple substitute, ample, oh, oh In all ways, Martin and the Vrottel over 29, Billion King 23, Madonna 17, the immaterial of bitch Tom Cruise 17, Sir Ian McKellen, I'm during this break, I got to find that thing That movie, tell you what the name of it is and make sure you don't watch it, 14, I'm sure it's him Rosie O'Donnell 14, Prince 12 Richard Simmons 10, Charlie Christ, your gay governor's got eight David Giffin 8, six, Mr. Rogers 5, Mr. Horkheimer 4, Calvin Klein 3, a lot of misses on here And then there's some near misses, Charles Nelson Riley, we apologize to Chuck I remember one time a year ago, I think it was a KAT, a hundred years ago And he was a donnie zeal on the corner 36 in Biscayne I'm sure it's still there's been there hundred years And God, yeah, drunk and obnoxious night, was either him or Paul in, maybe it was Paul in Charles Nelson Riley 2, if wasn't you Chuck, well we can say it's Paul because he's dead Greg Lucanis 2, Larry Kramer 2, George Michael 2, a boy From Inter said, a son of a Mickey McNickle, Sir Mickey, boy George 2, ten hundred two John and each he's got one, Dave Copay has got one and what do Houston, she's got one Always on, sorry, fake out, I like to imagine Dude, I think I did that in Dupes Don't forget to do this, Greg, you gotta get that movie Sir E-Morkey and Warden and Warden, you do not waste your time, are highly touted All kinds of awards, it's very depressing David's a bitch That's your new move Where is the book by the octet? That's what you got, boys, boys You gotta try this and then you suck, boys You catch one, I do it, boys No, it's so good, boys, boys, boys, boys You're not that bad, you're not that bad You're not that bad, you're not that bad It's worth Heart only fifth, you gotta get the maths What's your 20th century love, boy With all hope, volt over seventh, the new empowered When you go to the play-s bloom That's what your money has for chances to gamble Go to the toy-door voice Wow! Oh, is Bloodلي P tracing you and Goricelley? Look the78 PrickleウWWWWWWW bamboo Well, whats wrong? Have you played that while I was on vacation No, no, good because I know I overplayed it like right before I went But I haven't played it in ages. I was talking about up the butts on play that alone And you know what else I haven't played it. Which would solve the whole problem about the scratchy throat Oh, yeah, see you guys Yeah, like that, but anyway, I don't want to do that. I'm gonna seize this thing big time. I mean age I get it season might not go soft the internet again Well, I apologize profusely on behalf of the technically incapacitated Technically challenged engineering department a QAM that are streaming today Maybe this was their way of welcoming me back because they hate me like poison and you know what to bad 205 dropouts And of course many of the dropouts are in our sales department 205 on the dropout the factor on our streaming but the last what has been but I want to have something like that It's been a okay It's been fine is G. I wine. I'm sure you've said it. No. Yeah, well at least for those friends and in the sad part of it is we didn't get like a Zidian Facts isn't people screaming. Oh, how come we can't did we? No, no Because they're so used to it now. We got them conditioned. They know it's QAM. They know technically we cannot get it done Just like that sales thing we just had there now. How do you like to be in the middle of a spot? And then you realize the spot is older than the fuselage grandma and is promoting something that happened 10 days ago How would you like to be doing that? I don't know. I feel like I was working here sales people are I souls, but you know What can I say? We got a thousand and 60 elbows which means by the time we get to the top there will be very close to 1100 we might do a 12 today 1200 How are you doing on the poll last week? I got to be honest with you. I paid probably less attention even though I was here starting a Wednesday What did I get back Wednesday after knowing? I Probably paid less attention to this radio station during this trip. Maybe that's why I didn't have such a great time Maybe I should have tuned in from German. Oh, yeah, adjusted the time this six hour difference Two days and listen to your show every day for four hours. Yeah, that's what I would have done if I was in Germany Yeah, in between brought words, you know But I didn't pay attention. I didn't check out your poll. Yadiana I did check out my space page with our 1192 friends And make sure that I tried to answer as much crap as I could and the abolion guy next time And I'm just gonna delete him. He get busy body you bothers me. I don't care what they bothers you are not Yeah, well, whatever. I had a you know a thick skin when it comes to being bothered But really No, I'm just a police agent idiot. He just bugs me. See a bullet in guy. What a bullet in my ass Okay, just go away Jerry rhymes with you fairer check ass WQA and hello. Hey there, new. Yes, sir. I got two things first of all It's always gonna have a spare. Yeah, you know sometimes I take it with me The Oh for the lips for the list. How could they're not be KD laying on that list? I know that's bad Okay, he's out right now. Okay. Thanks now. The other game I'm a if you ever play those I don't the video video arcade games where you will you get stuff like a Walmart card stuff like that No, oh, man. Those are fun. I bet eight cents and I won 16 bucks last night man I got one All right Well, it is 8 cents that's a lot of money. That's right. Well, so now see it to penny slides it would buy and I score them Pally Wow, I like that. He won what 16 bucks We're I understand that I have a very bad habit that I've developed since I started making some serious money I'm several years ago and I don't do it to be condescending to people because you know You can have all the money in the world and still be a jackass, you know, and very often I am but you know But it just like what happened there so 16 bucks to some people represents some usable cash You know, we can go out and do something with that Right, right, yes, I don't know what what can do with 16 bucks. I'll figure it out You can go play the dollar wheel of fortune for about a minute and a half a woodbind You can hit the button. Let's see 10 or five or you play in the four four times on the five dollar machine You could go to lunch somewhere if you were a lunch for 16 bucks The log that 15 bucks I found at the hotel pharmacy right when I was having a kiss I was thinking about that that was that was amazing that that guy called in Of course the guy was about 400 years old, but he had to be See I'm getting that part of my life now where I have to talk to old force because they're the only ones who can relate to anything that I remember Well, I've ever gave care away on me today show. Well, of course not, you know and Frank Blair with the news and J. Mugs J. Fred, but whatever his name was the a chip You remember who before you were born of course not just like you remember how do you do It's how do you do it eat time and what kind of a bunch of crap is that you know with clear about the clown and Mr. Buster and Dayton Allen why not Dayton Allen? He was a funny guy. I think he must be dead Louis nine Now we're talking this devalent show. They used to be somebody great stuff on TV. That's why and now now guess what was on last night That I was I was aiming it what is that instant messaging it with my buddy Brandon for it and again Well, once once he gets me going on there. I just and I'll blame it on him. You know, but I'm just his bad For hours and he says oh family guys on now And so I figured what a fox and there's family got I've never seen it before which he was just Should you had I say that one episode? Oh no, that was the American dad sorry same Yes same people good shot right I know what about family guys think that's a good show to next world show Well the last night it wasn't oh It had a couple of moments you know, but it it was just one of those things and you shouldn't judge a book by us cover that As we couldn't judge a show by one episode that is it was it's not very very funny. It was kind of weak It was like really desperately forced humor and it was just just or maybe I just wasn't in the mood for Family I was more entertained by watching the old game shows Yeah, I'll tell you I know it's seriously match game That's the problem with taking that pool is that they've just aren't that many people watched a game show network I think I would check an X and I would go over it. I think you're it you and check a neck and Brandon that's about it Game show channel So anybody under the age of well what when did game shows really go off in terms of I mean beat Price is right is still on and Then these stupid ass games shows like who wants to be a legendary all these other spin-offs crap you have dealer no deal at that garbage But but if you take that pool so it really narrows down to like people over the age of 100 like me But match game had to be right up there, but I was a great show was fun And then we found out where she'd awesome was an A whole and an egotist of the worst kind and the And they dumped them off the show because he demanded that the end of the show the contestant would have to pick him for the big bucks And they said hey, we'll tell you something that rounds with that word Richard and they dumped his ass and then he went back to a family family family If you have all right there, is he still alive out of over to Dawson? Yeah, I think he is I'll be damned. He's pickled Ha ha ha ha yeah, he will never need a liver transplant. I'll tell you that because he's already going as preserved for life for a for a centuries 179 votes on the pool were doing serious serious work Keep catching the ass out of the Grammys last nine to go to the head and see it. I mean, I like the Dixie chicks having the guts to You know open up a mouth and stand up all these right wing redness. You know I respect them tremendously for that But as country music's concerned, I'm just not a country music kind of guys You well, yeah, well, neither of us are either so yeah, they can take that country music and I Except for a white sport coat the pink carnation by Marty Robbins. Oh, I love that song and see a heartbreak by Don Gibson You got that see a heartbreak by Don Gibson But I do let's see. I had it on a cart at IOD And I'm gonna sneeze I've been going up this knees for like 10 minutes since I came back from the last break Ooh Any second on where she's gonna blow way through your way to you. Yeah, sure It's got a sound like a lot noise, but it's not Oh, the heart boom Oh, I'm sorry What are you talking about this? The lot is again or what because this is president some Oh, yeah, I'm sure yeah, but anytime I hear this I hear that all about this. How could we forget President President You know you better watch it around to be talking to tape survey day pretty soon Now there's an idea for Jersey Joe Bell. What a great idea that he came in this morning Chris was that you were in there, right? Yes, sir, and he said to me. I got two pieces of good news and bad news the good news is work like you're back the bad news is I'm still here And I thought about it for a second. I thought to myself Absolutely On this not a tumor. It's the one the two hour at Geico.com you can get a rate quote in just minutes It's so easy even the arm is you can do it last for me. That has injured my character I could get a guy go insurance quote for my buggy If I had electricity or phone or computer or anything else that was stealing my soul Diico.com even the arm is can do it At Geico.com you can get a rate quote in just minutes It's so easy even the president of the United States can do it. That's just hold on there I take excetration or you just said Now I could easily go as you would say online to get a What we're talking about oh yeah a quotation on the various forms of the insurance arts So there wish a cup Guy go dot com even the president of the United States can do it even president Dumbishment how do you like that if he can do it anybody can even like a little child 102 or five 60 I'm pretty amazed at myself and very proud and if I'm smart to satin on two I'm gonna go in here and like watch a little TV and lay down Dan and you get no I'm gonna get some soup some want and suit me That's a good idea. I think that would be good. Yes, it is because any kind of chicken soup Which is really what one time soup now? Let me ask you which came first? Because one time is the same as creplac and creplac has the same as rabbioli So it's good through this again. I know we've done this before but tell me who stole my heart go polo went to China and let our go polo went to town with a He learned about noodles and macaroni out of hour and he brought them back to Europe and they were us and come on Ocean kogo silk noodles noodles was a once upon a time in America and gunpowder came from the Chinese Wasn't noodles James Woods? Yeah, yeah, here we go anyway go ahead Chinese invented noodles and everybody else took it from them. I see Well, what's that guy to do with creplac and one time so noodle while you know noodles and See though Ray me just down when I since and snap again, don't I hear Paul Craigman writes scary movie two. I've got an up voice back. I think I can do that my stuff this hour All right, it's like a miracle now you think it was the tea For you think it was an act of oh god Something like that yeah, I can actually give a good grip. So now make it a phenomenal come back Paul Craigman says attacking a ran would be a catastrophic mistake even if all the allegations now being made about a waning actions It'll wreck our true But it wouldn't be the first catastrophic mistake to submit the phrase and some made and there are indications that it's a very least A powerful faction of the administration is sporting for a fight Before we get to the apparent warm-on ring let's talk about the basics are there people in a ran providing age The factions in Iraq factions that sometimes kill Americans as well as other rackies. Yes, probably But you can say the same about Saudi Arabia Which is believed to be a major source of financial support for Sony and surgeons and Sunnis not a waning back CHites are still responsible for most American combat deaths The Bush administration, however, whether it's close personal and financial ties to the Saudis has always Downplayed Saudi connections to mercies enemies A ran on the other hand which had absolutely no connection in 911 was actually quite helpful to the west of the months after the terrorist attack Somehow found itself linked with its bitter enemies out of mousseane as partly acts as a evil is that the Asses of evil So the administration has always had an infidivine in regime now. Let's do an O.J. Simpson if you were determined to start a war with a man how would you do it? First you'd set up a special intelligence unit to cook up rationales for war a good model will be the Pentagon's now infamous Office of Special Plans led by Abram Shulsky that helps sell the Iraq war with false claims about links to Al Qaeda Sure enough last year down Rumsfeld so a maneuver raining director it inside the Pentagon's policy shop And last September war in struggle in John Walker of a classy newspapers were among the future list of war in that the administration was typing evidence on Iraqi WMD Report to the current and former officials said the Pentagon's Iranian director had been headed by Abram Shulsky Next you'd go for a repeat the highly successful strategy about which scares stories about the Iraqi threat were disseminated to the public This time however the assertions wouldn't be about WMD they'd be that Iranian actions are endangered U.S. forces in Iraq why? Because there's no way Congress will approve another war resolution But if you can claim that Iran is doing evil in Iraq you can assert that you don't need authorization to attack the Congress is already in power The administration to whatever is necessary to stabilize Iraq and By the time lawyers are finished arguing well the world would be in full swing Finally you'd build up forces in the area both to prepare for the strike and if necessary to prepare for vocacases Belli There's present a precedent for the idea provocation in the 18-way 2003 meeting with Prime Minister Tony Blair the New York Times reported last year President Bush talked about several ways to provoke a confrontation Including a proposal to pay the United States surveillance plane in the colors of the U.N. and hopes of drawing fire In the end Mr. Bush decided he didn't need a confrontation to start that particular war But with a win it's a harder sell So sending several aircraft carrier groups into the narrow waters of the Persian Gulf where our Gulf of Tomkin to have incident could all too easily happen might be just the thing Okay, I hope I'm warning too much these carrier groups could be going to the Persian Gulf. This is a warning But you have to wonder about the other stuff. Why would the Pentagon put someone who got everything wrong on Iraq in charge of intelligence on Iran? Lawyers and any official willing to take personal responsibility for the reliability of alleged evidence of Iranian mischief as opposed to being an anonymous source If the evidence is solid enough to bear close scrutiny I will all cameras in recording devices including cell phones bang from yesterday's Baghdad briefing It's still hard to believe that they're really planning to attack Iran when it's so obvious that another war of the arrest of people an even bigger disaster But remember who's calling the shots did change anything so we've had enormous successes in Iraq Tell that's all those stuffs that people Oh I told you I told you I didn't see it I was weak Sorry branded It says I'm only your absolutely correct About family guy last night. I'm a big fan of the show, but last night's show was really weak weak Also speaking of American dad is it me or does it sound does the alien sound like someone doing a Paul in impression the alien is Paul in? It's not accidental I mean that the actual Paul in but that's who he's supposed to be. Oh, I see He said they're calling you understand Paul didn't did you know a character on the witch So now I'm doing a character on the family guy who just happens to be an alien. Oh, I'm be wished. Oh, I love that. Oh, it's called their dead Right There's oh my her She had me live where my nose I'm gonna Plus bad There See those are the good days man. I dream of jeannie be which life is stuff I don't want to be one of those old funny studies. It's all day old days everything was so much better because of the ways well some stuff wasn't some stuff was not Not because we say everything was a good some stuff was a lot worse than we thought it was like TV show There What do we got not a compared I being Even even you'd have to admit that that was a good show. I love that show And that's just because they showed Barbara Eden's naval and I'll go Barbara Eden. I'll climb into her coffin now by two wood And I'll tell you who I actually liked when he was on that show because he was a younger and living in breathing Like Tony Nelson. Oh, isn't name where he had been he's he's a good character actor kind of guy then of course He was on Dallas which you know it's funny because for me a guy that's got his body's guiding life for about a hundred years And watch passions there for wild look at ridiculous and it's going off the or anyone But I'm not one of those guys being the old fact that I and who worries about watching soap operas, but those nighttime soap operas Then we're crap Like Dallas I mean it was a bit all everybody made a big deal who shot J. R. Got all that crap who cares? Did you watch that show? No, no, sir Watch the Falcon Christ you want to know why? Was it because of your rental lumbus that is correct? Yeah What I knew you'd be right upset too bad. I don't know you didn't like ugly hairy guys I got news for him when he was on that show he was not ugly and he was not hairy What makes you think he's hairy? You look at the good about a guy's a killer. I got news for a man Lorenzo learns back in the day Yeah, which is pretty as any man on the face of the globe above him. Okay, Lorenzo Lombus might butt Yeah, I noticed this similarity. Yeah, he just taught you hate him so naturally. You're not gonna say it in good about him No, it's like it's like people have hate Tom Brady. They're not gonna say he's a great looking guy They're gonna find every excuse to a pick out pick at his butt, you know Like Moe used to pick it as butt I'm sure glad I never got the opportunity to witness that that that to me. I just I just can't even envision it. Yeah The old vingled very man Haha Everyone has song by Bobby Holmes, Bingo Berry Rock 111 on the pool. We got 1100. I thought we're gonna get to 12, but I guess not Maybe because I'm not in a good vogue today my voices. I don't have single berry But I had this Bobby Helms You are my special hands, yeah. Oh god, Decker reference And I would guess like maybe I don't have a day. Oh, for that. Wow. That's Bobby Helmus who did Dingo Berry Rock. I basically was the one I'm always favorite. Hey, Mo, have a great day, Mo. Or not, as the case may be, he's listening. I'm going to tell you something. And I did, like I said, this last vacation really sucked. It was disappointing to me. And I sat over there by myself at times thinking, you know, I mean, you can have a good time doing certain, you know, forverted things and whatever and I did. But it just got really pondressed. And I sat there thinking to myself, this is not a good idea. This was a mistake. But I will say this, compared to sitting around in Boko, listening to WQAM or anything else on a radio all day. And that, that, that, that being my life. That would be the ultimate of, I have no idea. I just, I would just blow my brains up. I would step right out here on my patio. I can do it right from here, I'd have to kind of do a little dance around the board. But if I got myself hurt, what do I do instead of making a kid off, I'm going to jump from nine floors? I'd open up the window when I would just do a little tap dance right out there of the balcony and play a flop, I over the edge. Hope nobody gets hurt. Was it nice to, nobody got hurt except me? So turn the radio off, and I'll go out there and play a little golf. There's the pissed off kid man. You guys have struggled to adapt? Yeah, right, walking up, right, discovering fire, and venting the wheel. How much is scurrying a razor would be a good idea too? He's a little on the shaggy side. 11-04 on a pole, it's game Monday on QAN. Oh, you're over in T.K.Y.S.C.K.S. Welcome to your audio tutorial of how to be in general manager. We begin with lesson one. Talking out both sides of your mouth. Right side. Oh, oh, right show, George, lively and fun. That's the Kaiser Radio I want to hear. Wrong side. Stick with sports, a silly little Cuban bastard. I'd like to rip out your throat. Right side. What do you think you did, George? Just ask. I got your back fella. Wrong side. Now, would you give you this sweat off my sear sucker under where you went to ask sports and artist? Right side. George, I can assure you we're doing everything we possibly can. So make sure you're paid on time. Wrong side. You'll get paid when we're done. Well, ready, Pope. You actually think we made all this money about paying our bills. Oh, right side. I'm just love your word, George. You'll have a job with us as long as you like. One big happy family here. Who's? Why, I might even promote your summer show. Wrong side. Bad chance that'll happen, yes. You'll get you up and talk sports when that new leaves out. Throw your dad at just right out the window. Listen to who's who he's sushi with. That was Melody You'll Thinkers. All right. Wow. That's very special. One 18 and five 60 here. They're great. Come back out. Made a day. You know, one thing I've told you in the past. And the one thing I will pat myself all over hurts. On the back a little bit. I am resilient. If not, man. Of course I'm legendary. But I'm resilient. Like so. I'm going to go eat springy. I always bounce back. Come on. What's the adversarial situation? Whether it's the show, whether it's things in my life, whether it's my online Narosis, whatever it is, that's going to always make a comeback. I always say, oh, that's why I'm still here. That's why I'm legendary. You and McCasco rights on the in the Guardian UK. See if it's in the Guardian and then the Independence probably true. Despite the Niles, Pentagon fans for possible attack on nuclear sites in Iran are well advanced to the long article. I won't be the whole thing. And by the way, can you find out for me? Can you go grab just quarters by the neck? And find out how come he only had like three stories on our website yesterday and only like eight today? Well, I know I said him a lot more than that. Right. In 30 seconds, he'll come through the doors. Probably. Is he in the right now? Oh, got him. I'm on with our, our galice. Oh, that's right. It will be, are they on delay in the hallway? Why the hell with that thing? Why don't they play listening on the internet? We need delay in the hallway. They don't play our audio in the hallway. You remember that? They're playing that pornographic stuff from power now. So anything in our hallways. I see. You almost think that we're in a radio business. Not. What? So I don't see Josh Cores coming in there yet. Maybe that's a lunch. I thought you'd just say he was walking in the hallway. Listen, he's, he does his computer work in the other room there. I said he into the show on headphones. Well, what's that was going to happen there? What happened all the story? Now, you only said in three stories on Sunday that is not correct. I said about 10. Right. And I said, I at least a dozen for today. And we got eight. I don't know. Maybe he's been busy, you know? Maybe he's been getting a real lucky. What is the Russian girlfriend? Maybe that vodka shipman came in. I don't know what it is. And I sure don't want to be picking on Josh Cores. He's a good guy. And secondly, his flavor wave broke. He's pretty peoed about it. He sent a message on our, my space page and it was a can't tanker. We were like downright, live it. You got, you know, like, wow, it was not my fault. Mine still working out about yours. Yeah. Works like a charm. Sure. Josh is not at his desk. He's probably out to lunch. It's one funny. Probably if he left like 11.15. That's only two hours and five minutes so far. He's got another cup of hours to go in at lunch break. Can I get back to this article? It's got a really, it's got an ugly picture of condolisa on here. Of course, any picture of her is an ugly picture. US preparations for an air-sprectic instrument, an advanced stage in spite of repeated public denials by the Bush administration according to informed sources in Washington. The president of the territory built up in the Gulf of Lava, he was come out and attacked by the spring. But the sources said that if there wasn't attack, it was more likely next year just before Mr. Bush leaves Orifice. I don't know why the Han was thinking about this. Kevin Koo would take your seats. I did that guy. He just kills me. He was ducked pilots. Hey, here Josh. I'll get back to this momentarily. By the way, Josh, save prayer because I have a cold. Okay, I just said it. Okay, but Rune, I'll throw it on her. No, seriously. George and I are just wondering about the stories. Did you have some kind of old laundry meal? Yeah, I know George only sent me three and that's all I got from you. I put up the stories that are sent to me. If you didn't know that already. Whoa. That's what I did. Well, I think I like how Josh man. He doesn't hold back. No, that's what I did. Great up. Yeah. He just lays it right out there in the line. He's not going to take any BS. He's not going to lie. Which by the way, you only have to send me the lamp. That would be appreciated. You don't have to buy me a new flavor. I could totally tell him that. You told me that you were going to do that for me in George. That's why actually I wrote you that. I'm in a school mode. No, you went hospital. Oh, I was just pissed that Rune's my life. I used that every day. Well, me too. I used my inversely everyday. All of today when the show ends of it, I saw some of my low carb pasta. Mmm. Musta, a pasta. A couple of weenies sliced up in the sauce. But anyway, I guess I could cook the weenies on the abayu and have to. When you cook them in the sauce. So I'll, I'll, I'll do is the saffronone. Since I'm going to be resting my voice and just to rest in the big time. I'm going to go on there and find the lamp. And I will send it straight to your ass. How's that? It'd be great. Don't burn yourself. I won't. Now, what we're just going to ask him. So in other words, George lied. He only sent you three stories. Now, see this kind of thing. I thought, like, was George not only talks about me behind my back. That's right. I'll talk about you behind your back. I always sent three, but then I said that. I said it. I said it. I said it. I said it. He said he sent like two thousand every day. Now that he got on the show anymore, I want to send that. You just have to tell us. Well, he's not going to get that much of the free food anymore. Are you still coming around for the free food? I hope you're damn right. Good. I'm getting that how he's excellent. And why, one about Wednesday, what's going to happen this Wednesday? This Valentine's Day is Characca to take care of you guys and not. Because if not, I would have to bitch out of Duff. I don't know what happened about your girl. Duff came through on Friday with the soup man. That's going to be charade. Okay. I want you guys to be charade. I'm charade. What's the big deal with Big Camper? He's taking more food. He's going to explode like the Humper. Now, what were you telling me about the Humper was picking on end of the cold Smith and said she was a big fat cow or something like that? That's what he said did. Big fan of the like that. I said the same thing. I'm a fat cow. I mean, just because your fat doesn't mean you can't pick on somebody else who's fat, no little but pointy and bokebride made the same reference in the good by end of the cold that she had been fat for a long time now. Yeah, but that's how we were meant to be. And that would be in die. It really worked. Yeah. Yeah, really worked like a charmer. It was a killer. Yeah. I still say her son worked pretty good a good, but a few four years ago. I know what these things trust me. I know all about. Now, this is the weather man, though, that what was his name? Nick look at he. Man, oh man, where did he get these? He's a cute weather guy's on CNN. All the classic queens are going to start watching the weather on CNN now. You'll see. Can I get back to the other car we don't want you to drive for what? I'll take care of that today for it. Is he gone? No, no. No, he's on here. He's just afraid to get on the mic again. I'm just lingering around. What do you mean he's afraid to get on the mic again? Well, what else have you ever been afraid to get a? I'm just saying back at him too. Yeah. What's going on here? You guys hate me now? I love you, sweetheart. I don't love you. I don't love you. You're good guy. I wouldn't tell you this when you left the show. I don't love you. I'd like for your good guy. Thank you. And you don't want me to love you, okay? Yeah, be a little scary. Thank you. Well, why would it be scary if I said I love you? Is it a friend? I can't. Listen, I'm just, just go away. I'll believe him. I have no problem. In my earlier days, I just, I'm just not that kind of a person. You know, George knows better than anybody. I'm not a touchy, feeling, huggy. Oh, yeah. I just just not meet at all. Machi. No. But now, I'm about as much as an old queen as you can be. And I, I write things to people and I reread them and I think to myself, not only God, and I reread that, but the other person read it, but that's okay. Because everybody seems to understand everybody's just fine. Can I get back to the start of a couple, please? Neoconservant is especially if a Washington based American enterprise is to our urging Mr. Bush to open a new front against Iran, so to his vice president, Dick Cheney. The State Department independent on our opposed is our democratic congressman of the overwhelming majority of Republicans. The sources said, Mr. Bush had not yet made a decision. The Bush administration insisted the military build up his not offensive, but ended a continuing Iran and forcing it to make diplomatic concessions. The aim is to persuade Tehran to curb its suspect nuclear weapons program and abandoning relations for regional expansion. Robert Gates, the new United States Defense Secretary, said yesterday, I don't know how many times the president, Secretary of State Connellisa, and I've had to repeat that we have no attention of attacking a bank. But Vincent Canis-Drarrer, a Washington-based intelligence analyst, shared the sources of assessment that Pentagon planning was well underway. Planning is going on in spite of public disabiles by Gates. Targets have been selected for a bombing campaign against nuclear sites that is quite advanced. The military assets to carry this thing out are being put in place. He ended, we are planning for war. It is incredibly dangerous. Mr. Canis-Drarrer, who worked for the CIA and the National Security Council's stress, that no decision had been made, last month Bush ordered a second battle group led by the aircraft carrier. U.S. John Stennis to the Gulf and support of the U.S. as Eisenhower, the Stennis's due to laughing at X-10 days. X-3 U.S. Patriot missiles have been sent to the region as well as more minesweepers in a participation of Iranian retaliatory action. And it goes on. But it would be... Because we know them well, if they say they are not going to do something, that means they are going to do it. Am I right? Right. So why do you lie about those stories? I'm a pastor. Twenty-seven. I tell you one thing, boy, he sure has changed, hasn't he? He is not really... He is just in notice. He just holds nothing back now because he is not on the show anymore. So he just really just lets riff. So to speak, we're fields everywhere, everything in between. He's poopin' at you. Try your breath, beautiful. If you wanna fight the fathmen, have some weed, fathmen. Beautiful. If you wanna fight the fathmen, have some weed, fathmen. Because we heard that we can fight obesity. If you're overweight and though, if there's a pill, but you don't smoke it. If you're hungry, we're not choking, have some weed. Fath, fath, do you remember when you used to have some hot? Do you wait or we'll fight it inside your box? Huh? A bench to stuff it in the weed, empty new technology. There's a pill that makes your hunger wanna stop. Fath, fath, fath. If you wanna fight the fath, there's a marijuana. So that crazy, true ways you win the gun jump. Fath, you get to hurt so they say. But it sounds as that sure ways. When you're not using your help to reach your bottom. Okay, I'm stalling because I'm pretty something new. All right. Because my pretty is actually work here. That was good news is I guess you'd probably talk about it on the air. The fact that that fact was on the work for today. And then unfortunately, the toner ran out. If he would've left it up to me if I were to binner, I'd have been to a toner since I was several. I would've always got several as far as I see. I'd like to make the station pay for these. Well, good. I don't make them pay for my crap because I don't want to be beholden to them. Whatever that means. Behold in something. Wait a year, this story. Yeah, they're holding it. Photoshow and in a close myth in bed with Bahamas Minister. See, that's why the option was on the pole. I was dead. I'm lying, I was pleased. Yeah. He's... One of the worst things you can do is walk around. See, somebody with a runny nose and... Oh, yeah. Like a little kid. I mean, like an adult. Oh, God, I hate that. Oh. nasty, but I'm, I'm doing much better now. Actually, someone almost like me. Because I'm a survivor. Remember that the monkeys, I'm a survivor's nothing. The son or a son, I'm a believer. Well, whatever. I'm a believer. Excuse me. I knew that. I knew his paper published two photographs on his front page today. Showing an in a close myth lying in bed fully clothed and a romantic embrace with a Bahamian immigration minister who approved your application for a permanent residency. Immigration minister Shane Gibson. I guess that's how they expedite the procedure over there. I just come on a criticism from a political opposition for giving the former playboy of playmates. Special treatment at Grating Smith Residency in Bahamas last year. Smith died Thursday in Florida and gave George a lot of material. And we're very, very grateful for that. I think that would have been answered the poll question. Thanks for the material, bitch. The residency application was based on Smith's reported ownership of a waterfront mansion, but G. Ben Thompson, a soft-courline developer once dated Smith, like just about everybody. As said, he hadn't given Smith the house as a gift as her lawyers have asserted, Thompson is attempting to reclaim the house. A representative of an enclosed companion Howard K. Stern, squandled today to control the Semination of Adamcy, said we're still in from the mansion over the weekend before he returned from Florida, including images from a computer taken from the house. Juan Reo, Stern spokesman, said in the statement today that anyone who decendates any of that, it was without his private and consent, will be held liable to the fullest extent of the law. Reo said, police have recovered all the missing property. Oh God, purple. Two photographs published on the front pages, they tribute of Nassau's show Smith and Gibson, looking into each other's eyes, with their face zone a couple of inches apart, while lying on a bed decorated with pink flowers and a white ribbon. A white sport coat and pink carnation, Marty Robinson. What have you had then? I would, I would have you. Played it before. You do? Don't have to kiss me. Long business. Maybe you'll get the germ and catch the cold. Don't hate it. You don't have it. I have El Paso and don't wag it out of here. You don't have it. Before the end of the newspaper is said, the photographs were taken in Smith's bedroom and that obtained the pictures yesterday from an online identified source. Opposition leader, who were in Graham? I wonder if he's getting a date in Graham, who keeps getting lost out of Papa No Park? Opposition leader, who would in Graham said he was looking into the matter? I'm making some inquiries in Graham told the A&P. All Smith's personal items, including the birth certificate of five months old daughter, now who was saying to me, yesterday? I don't have no idea. I've been talking to so many people for so many hours the past week. I can't even keep trying. Somebody suggested that it's been speculated that the father of NNC was the son. Oh, yeah, that's one of the many rumors. Trip it around. Well, I'm not really a lot of people. I have a blonde guy. It's that Larry Burkhead guy who's, you know, suing to have the paternity test done. That's the dead. Negrimmy. How do you know? We are. God told me. All Smith's personal items, including the birth certificate of five months old daughter, who's paternity is being disputed by three men, have been taken from the house real estate. Stearn out with a week and we claim to Bahamas mansion along with five months old, Danny Ellen Hope Marshall's stern. They lived in the gate of water for the state known as Horizons, before Smith died, did his last week. Stearn said he's trying to keep Smith's mother, Virgi Arthur, who traveled from the United States and went to the gates of the mansion on Sunday from seeing Danny Olen. He's just despised that woman's stern told him to tame it tonight. As long as I have one breath left in my body, that woman will not see Danny Olen. He added. My senior name right the kid, Danny Olen. I don't know, Danny Olen, Danny Olen, Danny Olen, out of No. Arthur told Amy, why am I asking you, you know, I'm looking at it here from that stupid. I can't even read off the page. What am I here doing the show for? Okay. I'm a little incoherent, but I'm doing just fine. Just fine is why. Arthur told ABC's good morning American. That she fears for Daniel and safety, plenty out that stern has been present when Smith's 20-year-old son Daniel Smith died under mysterious circumstances. And he Bahamas, Hospital, Ramaphizia, his mother, days after Daniel and was born. He was 20, I thought he was 21. Well, whatever he was, whatever. That point he wasn't looking too good. And I'm sure at this point he's not looking really good at all. All right. Maybe check it out. Of course. And at least they don't run away. Let me put you that way. You're never rejected by a stiff, you know what I'm saying? A corner hired by Smith's family said Daniel died in September from a lethal combination of drugs and food in methadone. And he coisted to a death that skips a little bit in March 27. But I sure taken her sweet time, Arthur. March 27. How about 16 weeks from a circus? How does that sound? Oh, and by the way, isn't Emily got poor woman coming up pretty soon. I guess it's the first week in March. We already figured out. Didn't we? That's what I thought. Yeah, I think. I guess mentioned that for our new home and touch and lover. And don't get the little pink triangles. You know, the little grotesque hard brick ones. Get the nice big fluffy ones with a poppy seed filling. Hmm. Anyway, Stern is listed on a birthday to forget his Daniel and his father. But two other men have challenged a claim. She was doing everybody, man. She was like a human pink cushion. A former boyfriend, Larry Burkhead, is found a lawsuit claiming he is the father. Arthur Bax's claim. On Friday, Prince Frederick found A and Halt. He has been a back to his judge or a few to go for it. He knows he had a decade long affair with her. He may be the father. Everybody's the father. The New York getting news reported that a manuscript that paints his Smith froze the sperm of a late 90-year-old husband, Texas oil tycoon, Jay Howard Marshall, the turret before his death, and may have used that to become pregnant. She was like, just like Sally Fitzman. She was full of it. Whatever it was, she was full of it. Since Marshall's death in 95th month of a waging court battle over his estate, he's a good. This is good because now we don't have to worry about it. Experts say that this is New Recedes custody could determine the child's inheritance. Because she was originally awarded 474 million, and then it was overturned and about a weak pedaboo pit about. And she had that, there's not a kid's whoever's left. All the grave robbers are going to go to court to try to grab her money. So maybe it's a good thing that her son, the 20-year-old, can maybe he's dead. You know, the movie that's not so bad because he would have wound up in court and got all dressed out, right? Right. Who wants $4704 million anyway for Christ's sake? What are you going to do with that? I'll take it. Well, let me say again. Don't be making any plans every tiring. All right. That's the one good thing for me. I mean, there are a couple of good things, but I'm my triple last week, but I learned a really valuable lesson. Don't be thinking about all this early retirement and how great it's going to be. And you go to travel the world. It's a, you know, it traveling is fun. And you really need to see the rest of the world. If you want to know anything about life. Roma, Amsterdam, Berlin, Copenhagen, all these places, Stockholm, but after a while, it gets a little pondress. You know, gets a little bit tedious. But you ought to know. Bing me, World Traveler that you are. Oh yeah. Well, Chris at least has been in Boston. Yeah. We've been in lots of places, just nowhere overseas. You know what? I mean, I haven't played in ages. Do I have time to, yeah, I love it. I've been everywhere, man. I've been everywhere, man. I've been everywhere. I've been the renal sky, go far, go. Man, this is the buffalo, Toronto. Went slow, straight, slow, the way to go. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No matter what, no, no, no, no. We're going to South Carolina. And Oklahoma, Arizona. I know what they call it. I know that you're going to go. In Texas, in New York, man. When it's been with me, I've been everywhere. We're going to California. In New York, we're going to South Carolina. And Oklahoma, in New York. I've been everywhere. I know what they call it. I know that you're going to go in the Boston, Boston, Dayton, Louisiana. And all of it is really California. In Texas, in Santa Fe, California, we're going to South Carolina. And Michigan. We're going to South Carolina. And Michigan. And Michigan. And Michigan. And Michigan. I'm going to win. I'm going to win. I'm going to win. I've been everywhere. And then we're going to Washington, and see the next echo. I go. I'm all the time. Live in Chicago. Oprah. So what happens today? It's a day to come. And she's today to talk about it. Please welcome, David. It's top and David. I'm glad you're here. Everybody wants to know. Why do you walk away from $50 million? I was already in so much. Explain. That was a little something to do. I thought, yeah, we're on drugs. Yeah. You lost your mind. That's what I was thinking. Winning for men or women. Two shins. You're right. $50 million. I want the money. You want abs of the crazy. I'm in Spain. Yeah. I'm trying to do that. I'm just going to be right. I'm going to be. Okay. 13. I'm going to go to a queue. I've got my voice back. Now I sound really great. And now it's time to get out of here. That's good. Sure. That's a good old man for tomorrow. Then I'll be back. Well, I would want Joe to have to decide whether to put you on again tomorrow or put some tapes on. You know. We don't want to put him in that position. No. Well, what position would you like to put him in? Come on. Look at that. It's going to be all the way up to minus five today. It's not too bad. You can't tell us what is it about twenty six twenty five. You got your thing there. Oh, that thing. Yeah. Take a look at that thing. That again minus five. So I'll write it five. That's a quarter. A quarter. Close like twenty two. Woo. Mine is twenty. Wow. That is. And that's going to be the hiding one. A little nice. It's going to be minus fourteen. I don't want to. We don't have any snow. That's a good part. I think I got it backwards. A little more cute. Just five. So we get a made trouble today. Chris would lean on it. But he was too busy picking on Josh Curtis. I think Josh would. I don't know what it is. Maybe I'm wrong about this. I think he wants me to say to him. I love you. You know what I mean? I don't. I mean, I like him. He's a good guy. But you. You can't love everybody. I think he wants to hear that. I mean. And of course, you put on the big act that he doesn't want to hear. Oh, gee. I like unclean. I like it some fact thing. Wouldn't he? I don't love you, Josh. And he's very happy with that. He says, I think he wants me to say, love you man. I won't do it because I'd be lying. You only got so much love to spread around. You know what I'm talking? You got other stuff to spread around. But that's not always love. 1144 votes on the pool. Which living gay person or by? You missed the most. Do you miss the most? Do you admire the most? I think that when I missed the most. Oh, God. But anyway. Didn't find them. And then you know something maybe I would have a better time if I went back this week. And did look a little further, you know, a little more deeply. Anyway, which living gay or by first and you admire the most? Neal, 477. Well, they just love this legendary old queen. You see that business about, well, why did you come out of the closet? Wouldn't that a bad mistake? Look, look, it got me like admired here by all these people. They admire, they respect they love. They don't want to, you know, be near me or touch me. But nevertheless, I hate this full 115. 10% hate to pull it well. Too bad. Barney Frank, 100 and 6. I hate all 5, 75. 6 and a half percent of the salutes hate all 5, which I guess includes me, but they're listening. Figure that one out. Elton John 69. Grove it all 61. David Bowie 43. How come we didn't put McJagger on here? He's by. I don't know. Put him on. Put him on, McJagger. Artine LeVartel over 32. Billy Jean King 20. How do you like that? 26. We got those two side by each. And I bet it wouldn't be the first time either. Tommy Cruz 18. Tommy, you're fairie. Do you want to saw it? Going into the city from the airport from T.G. LeVartel, I got the Berlin. The cab is taking me. It's a Saturday morning. The streets are quiet. And I saw a huge church of Scientology building. Took up a whole block. Huge. And I want to do it right now. Play some music and I'll be the poor guy. Let's get that movie. Let's start eating the content. Please. Uh-oh. Damn CD play. I bet. What? It's not Ian McClone's Ian Holmes. Oh, sweet. Sweet here after. Never heard of it. Get out of here. So 1997 Academy Award nominee, Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay. And on the DVD box, it says the best film of the year according to a Kenneth Turrat of the LA Times, Stephen Holden, New York Times, film of animals of the post and John Anderson of News Day. They all say it was the best film in 1997. It was about a pretty crappy year for movies. The sweet here after. A film by Adam Agoyan, or is that Agoyama? Following a tragic school bus accident, an opportunistic lawyer Michael Stevens, Ian Holmes, who was in the madness of George in the Fifth Element, the sense of a positive small town with promises of recognition on behalf of grieving community, students said to work on a class action lawsuit. But beneath the town's placid service, he discovers a tangled scheme of deceit and forbidden desire that mirrors his own trouble, a life as a daughter's a crackhead. Everyone at scenes has secrets to keep. The author of Skilful Reef of Past and Present Academy Award nominee director Adam Agoyan, Exodica and the adjuster, explores the human spirit of capacity for grief laws and redemption, to make a long story short. It's got five stars here from Judy Gersdale of the Toronto star, Owen G. a glebroman of the entertainment weekly says Skilbinding, to make it, and it was also the winner of the 1997 Cannes Film Festival Grand Prix Award. It sucks. Okay. The sweet here after. And the show you how I try to give a movie a chance. It was a key on cable. After I've watched it, I went on a positive EVD. I heard so many good things about it. And I watched it on cable again just to make sure that I didn't miss something. Like, what was it all about? It's still suck. All right. All right. Like that. I'll take your work for it. By the way, there's Fred Silverman. I know he noticed that's all the footage. But you know what? Why don't we? This is a guy. He's like the action line guy on City Falls TV here in Toronto. You see this in the scene. And there's a fake optometrist, which you know they're all over South Florida. And he had months ago had out of this guy and gone in and got the 30s affirmation. So the guy calls him and says, Oh, I found religion and I love you above a bar. You can come back and ask me anything you want. And so he goes back there and the guy comes out and hits him with the door. It opens the door and slams the moments starts a fist fight with this old guy. He's like the action line guy. I'll hear it as again. And you have a dog. And I have a dog. I don't want to hear it. Yeah, which you could see. I have, and they showed around seeing it all over the world. It was just a reading incredible. Let's guys a crazy guy. The cops found I had to come and take this note to have away. This fake optician guy. He's throwing snowball. It's a beautiful thing. It's a beautiful thing. You didn't see it? No, I didn't see beautiful thing. Well, that's because everybody here is so civilized and so friendly like I told you. Sometimes. So like I said, the sweet here after when you're in your own here after that we could time to go watch it. But why do you realize not a good idea? The majority of women now live without a husband. But is that the right lifestyle for you? Find out with rentous spouse. Oh, this must be my rentous spouse. Oh, what a lousy day. But it's going to get a hell of a lot better after a healthy one. Where's the can? Oh, first, don't on the right. Thanks, touch. Hey, I'm sorry. What's been there? Go on. Rentous spouse helps remind you why you're single in the first place. Woof, get some better magazines. Wait. Okay. For dinner, I thought I'd make us a low fat and veggie stir fron. Got a big array check, baby. I'm going to the bottom. I'll see you again with the guys. You got any money? Uh, yeah. Let me get my purse. Hey, is that person new? How much did that damn thing cost? Rentous spouse. Just in case you had any doubts. I'm taking your car. Go where? Bye, bye, bye.