For David's a bitch. I am guilty. What the hell? Like I am. I kill Nicole. That's all you need. Here I am. On the stand I will tell you all. About a man who no longer can. Eat land, And we will go for a fight. I am dying over here everywhere. People stay. Each and every day. They see me. On TV. And I kill them. Say. Hey. You didn't hide that. Love of death. Hey. You didn't hide that. Love of death. Justify. I will lie. My kiddo. Killing. Is different. Makes no sense. That by Johnny Cargriin. Now I see the journey. Look at the DNA. Gather around all the grounds. Let me hear them say. Hey. You didn't hide that. Love of death. I did not hide that. Love of death. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I just talked to Roger and he can barely speak. I tried to get him out here but he is really sick. Roger said he was tired of the hand. The 9,000 people last night show seemed disappointed but they cheered when touch and told them that the cusser would be made up of marks 25. That is someplace. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. I did not hide that. There is two pieces in Chicago. Kings or Pita. You are notą. Every piece of town is my favorite. Manygers are very good. They have clean environment. I do not find any more. I do not understand it. Yes. I am sure that Chicago is surrounded. came your feet as lunatic what now what are you yaw what are you I'm just stretching your head yeah okay I was one of your people listen he wanted to take our fancy a little bit that's okay and fancy what fancy schmancy do you realize speaking of fancy schmancy time to put on the fancy it's almost you know I guess it noon I can start getting ready now wouldn't it be nice if I had a winning day today don't you think I know it's a nice winning day Saturday I went I went in the morning and then I went again later on in the evening I don't know I just felt lucky like no green maybe you just unlucky memory said that he's just giving off the top mic no you just unlucky you know it's not just me because I know that there are plenty of other including you know some of the people out there radio land and you what I'm moving that just left so many lines indelibly oh yeah emblazoned emblazoned and you're brain well that's not easy to say in brazen it's really good blade yeah seven thirty four on a pool I think Chris had his thumb right in there like little little jack corner sat in the corner he stuck his thumb in there and man you should have seen it when he pulled it out seven hundred thirty four votes we'll get eight hundred you know something I'm thinking what about no Monday here we go the rich oh yeah oh yeah oh I hate no Monday rich and I leave you you're saying clean and 15 patients this old queen and you said that some of the best stuff I ain't ever seen okay so thank you very much where do you find that I don't want to ask it's not important okay we don't want to start a winter fact domino's house and stole it out of his truck good that'll teach him 19 delunic you and don't forget we got uh oh it's only an hour nine minutes away the free game show I can't let myself be so the audience is not interested in you Rogers for radio five sixty you they have got to love the watch books and button pointing good oh how would it be here for most talent agency with officers right here in South Lotter now I know why they call them Paladise because I don't have to pale I can keep it all for myself I thought let that stop you if you can buy a lot of full balloons in the apples I can make you a star oh baby went and they did it before and you brought us a hot tomato I invite you to lay down on my couch for an apple tuna thing to earn up with the sixty dollars maybe little more for modeling digging you want to be in movies and television join all the other acts there's a new walk on that don't get paid to that even I also handle radio voice analyses as well don't expect too much though you are you don't want syndication syndication no you don't want syndication that no no no syndication it's where it's at no no syndication if you're in the entertainment industry order be held hostage right here in South Lotter forever till yet die anybody else got any ideas about performing in South Lotter I've booked it up full balloons in the animals in a party and I still don't have to send you a check oh yeah gone I go cry into nobody has to pay you paradise that big capital why open but the wait a second I will something I don't have to pay you to yeah about my Jones pretty cheap man a shuffleboard ever you can play that for free what do you think I'm making I'm 47 at 560 WQM I hate to break the news to you man but we have just barely over an hour until I baseball pregame show pretty bummed out about that not man and let me tell you one other thing too so as long as we're looking at times on the clock and dates on the counter things like that now let me ask you this what what they Chris turnaround there if you can then that's the big fat chariars what they as Easter Easter Sunday is what the um... eighth semifate eighth eighth it is the eighth well it's not that far away because a lot of people are going to be going vacationing out at the point some of us far away is matter fact and you're going to be on vacation week before that right yes and I like where you're going to go to like a Copenhagen well well you would not be responsible like that come on we got to make a world traveler out of your mom yeah let me get out of the dead first and the other thing I was going to say since it's the middle of the month tomorrow's the iads of march oh gee special plan we can kill the or just say let's see April made you about almost exactly three months from tomorrow is some of the vacation thing for me you know that really nifty skids where I work to the in Thursday and George works monday wins they Friday sat at whatever you know like that not that I'm counting you understand but it's just one of those things that keeps you going wait till I sign my twenty five year extension you're going to be very pleased about that we'll take a cure you to and I mean financially just oh yeah you're taking a take my attention yeah things like that okay let's see how we're doing on the pool with that just about an hour to go until my until you hear that music I know that was just at most but I knew that must be a piece of my chicken that you said you that and then just say I think I'm going to have a good day today at woodbinding one of my I could be I could be today right now I don't I don't know why there are a whole bunch of reasons why but I could be in one of the greatest positive moves moves moves I didn't it just say you know all the good vibes all over the dripping out there's a little bit murky you know I don't know what the temperature is I'm sure cashinobies taking notes on is it'll probably tell you tomorrow what's in his weather wasn't Toronto the temperature of 13 it's 56 freaking degrees Fahrenheit all right right man see I'm telling you to be a big day today 749 votes and Chris was ready we got an hour to get 50 one votes can do that blindfold a man with our hands time behind your back I don't want to try that though 749 I don't want to read all the results it's just two to two grow tisk I do have this though I got my usual good pile thanks to the ever vigilant this is Steve Youngwett against murky chip thanks to the ever vigil watching out for his eyes and ears a bill or rally a cold blood of the accessory to the murder of eight innocent children will not get away with a horrific crime bill had been reported details of the deadly fire in the europe the turf lives of one adult and eight children putting out that they just may have been illegal aliens the next day he received an email at red or rally was just a bit of a hear you question the status of those children I was a big fan of yours but I'll never watch you again and urge others who feel compassion for immigrants not to watch you as well while those without the keen cognizant skill of mr. or rally would have missed it as soon as bill read the email he knew he was dealing with words of a cold and calculating killer no defective yours only is Abraham of Houston this calcest assassin who tries to hide behind one name in one city thinks the killing children with compassion is somehow blameless a obviously doesn't understand bills in passion persistence no they extended his reach as reach after all why a o h may sleep bill doesn't bill immediately made sure the scandal knew he'd been outed its people like you a o h who promote that kind of chaos in the name of compassion who look the other way while poor workers in southern our exploited by media landlords and businesses because you were like the immigration laws then you Abraham of Houston then you to hell have you no conscience have you know shame have you know factor here if you did you would understood that while fire can burn compassion can kill an object we sure how i'll be better than for the forensic experts like bill but your lethal compassion hidden or cloak of altruism stuffed into a cylinder of humanity liquefied for easier pouring not as well a bit caressing shout out of the bodies of those conceivably illegal children i hope you're happy oh you sure you had help these children are dead because their chaotic situation was ignored by new or city authorities declared bill o who obviously already unleashed his crack research team out of the job i keep calm and bill o because that's what keyful brim and dust and i love keyful brim and he's the best nice going key to the best but Abraham really needed no assistance from the authorities yet email and words have consequences not bills yours bills words make physicians yours make targets even so her all the repairer try to help you we kill the poor kids chastising bill on bills on show yet her all oh this is about the human cost of a terrible tragedy but even a great fox stadium banger like her although couldn't turn on the big units fastball or while he this is about a system how true bill how damn true memode Abraham a fewston i hope you know wait you ten try to hide from bill o you can't little shung hornback the boy who was abducted by a pedophile tried to hide my having fun during his four years of rape but bill still found him and was able to place the blame for shone situation where belonged unshron and if you still think you can escape responsibility or the fact there's net i had two words for you fox security and that's a memo that's a cv on right today he's good he's been somebody's to come to show all this other stuff and a rally factor my answer rather i'd like rather concert with max factor he makes uh... mascara stuff when i look at the work the pancake make up seven fifty nine and a pool and we got like almost an hour to go a little i'm not that i'm counting what times the thing on forty f fifty eight minutes but it's a long time you know you're right well what's the earliest we have a good i've been ready for season because i do have the baseball schedule right before thirty so i would know about all these great days like today uh... twelve thirty twelve thirty is well what's the biggest with that all i guess what senator busy and let's do a show senator so we can get another early out nothing like coming out early okay here's the pool so far and we got seven hundred and fifty nine votes i guess i don't know christ i think maybe even do this long enough you start to get the hang of it yeah maybe as i said the song you started to get the hang of it that bad and thought as bad as whatever that long as i had before about lot that was bad well it wasn't a lot also that i started to say before i get to the pool yeah is there it's probably not even there anymore what what year was it would have been eighty um... eighty nine i'm thinking about eighty eighty nine that we were in Chicago doing those shows from Murphy's bleach it was a little later than that it would have been ninety something ninety-something ninety-one ninety-one nine nine well whatever right right on the there was an attaing restaurant i remember we had a drive because i was ready car i had the Lincoln Tom car was still on piece of that point that was so good every famous place but i don't know well and they still come will find out all these great joints the most embarrassing bodily function odor or anatomically uh... why do i keep misreading this abnormality that could happen to you with other people around cutting a bad or loud smelling fart for a seven i'm also of course you're making a statement okay now i was suggested there's somebody that you really find anxious and we fall some of the discussing that just maybe next time you're in their presence just along as you're secure and knowing what is the end result the end result is going to be just you know symbol uh... aroma that could put them in a coma four hundred and seven or a lot bad breath eighty six i hate this full sixty two eight point one percent hate this full well guess what two bad sneezing and new a shooting snot fifty you thought it was part of nature but it's not giving an unexpected stify in my pants forty five yeah how would i know a spit fly out of my mouth while talking twenty five smelly under our seventeen yeah you know in europe all in the summertime and the summer time i hate that mongoid you don't you i hate that song i used to like summer and then i hate it he he like he's got like a badly constipated something real problems smelling under on something having a fishy smell sixteen food between your team fourteen people on your post thirteen there's nothing worse than a telltale pimple on your face stomach rumbling ten visible knows your ear here seven then rough in my hair five six burping two and none for having the hiccups or certainly that the women with a a bottle yeah i mean if women have facial here i mean it's not like uh... it just grew there all of a sudden i'll surprise you got faith they know it's there yeah yeah but they're not they're shavid one of these need for an air like a braidie quinze all over his lovely body get the tweezers and pluck it he's he look and you want or you're pluck it yeah i thought you use narrow or neat in fact i hear that if braidie quinze signs for the dolphins are going to allow me to come down or in shmir the neat all over his body yeah well you are there to well so we got eight hundred looked on that we got the ball game coming and we got the hanged off again hand-goldberg's big term and show with frank hate at four six for uh... say whatever it is and if six fifty it's you and then rockers baseball right in broad daylight while people are actually a way this is pretty quick whenever i shape my ball listen to the meal rotters twelve for one hour fifty minutes so i'd pre-game show man we're counting it down holding my breath just like you we're a girl each you can't that's for us there's a girl that's a you're a husband husband that looks like none of them will put you'll be up to that great you can't be now returning to the now who is the bad now we can't now we can't be now probably five sixty wc i'm counting down to the big event of the day the marlins pre-game pre-season whatever it hold is at twelve fifty seven hundred seventy one-fold well you were pretty named close but we're going to exceed your expectations i'd be like that cradot to shabby not bad exceed your expectations are you getting the fumes we're getting now no if i'm getting the fumes that you're getting them out of here we have the door open so you see people walking on the hall because apparently it's only one hour the building people are walking down the hall with their hands over the mouths and you know walking really far kind of reminds me couple summers ago when we had the stars thing going on here i'm a couple of years ago whatever was that summer and a lot of people i've said walking around with like surgical masks son you know wouldn't help here you know i actually was like you need yeah like an army surface gas mask right seven hundred seventy nine volts and a pull we got eight hundred looked by the bottom of the hour and then after that it's all it's on a gravy train i wonder what that tastes like gravy train you know what the dog food yeah better i'll go get something later well there are people we dog food yeah let me ask you this seriously i mean i i don't want to sign in sensitive there are people who are you sure about the level of making ends meet so to speak ring ends back to me like Jennifer comedy there she never trouble making ends meet and record green but anyway let me ask you this uh is it really and i should know the answer for this although i didn't i'm not one of those people is a lot of grocery shopping i mean my time being the old thing that i am i've done a lot of that but i don't really i don't price shop i don't show up with the prices when i put something in the tisket of tensk if it's going in my basket because i got a few bucks you know i don't i don't pay any attention what amazing thing about me though is that when i go to the check out on it to supermarket i can give you like within a couple of bucks what the total is going to be even if i got a whole bank of crap you know yeah you really go on the prices right yeah that's right i should go on it with bob barker before it croaks no one's he retiring in june i don't hey bob retire you know and then there was some tabloid thing about he was going to die but i think he's got it's scheduled so that the one kind of audience can make sure he does miss his funeral the guy must have not got a croak w q a m hello you know just had one on the next time to hey ok so that the voice of experience to me w q a m hello f dot five six seven old five six say we would like to get a whole lot of calls in the stars there anybody believes i'm sincere when i say that of course not oh i love this story I thank the Lord that the Eucharist went south where were they did. Congressman says he doesn't believe in God. God, God, God, God. God is for air. It says, to the jokes about Godless politicians in Bay Area Liberals, secular groups yesterday are Monday, applauded a public acknowledgement by representative Pete Stark of California, that he does not believe in a Supreme Being making the Fremont Democrat the first member of Congress, and the highest-ranking elected official in the U.S. to publicly acknowledge not believing in God. He said, there's only one God in that day. God. For these things, you didn't say it. I'm sure that's what he's thinking. That's what I'm thinking. The American Humanist Association plans to take out an ad in the Washington Post can graduate and actually they did this yesterday. Congregally in the Congressman for his public stance and highlighted the contributions of other prominent secular humanists such as Redis, Barbara Aaron Wright, and Kurt Vonnegut and actress Julia Swiney. Fred Edwards spokesman for the group said, non-theistic Americans often face discriminations for their views. I like that term. Not atheist, but non-theistic Americans, honey like that. And other people are all by the God Bullcraft. Like Howard Beal said, then it's the God Bullcraft. That will be so good. And the fact I had our argument judge court is all those times about that movie. Still I'll be low judge. So often throughout American history, people who are non-theistic, good-one-pull even supreme being can't get elected to public office, or if they inform the public of their view, they don't get reelected. He said, we're trying to increase the acceptance of non-theists as every bit of American is, and everybody else. Stocks declaration came to response to a search by the secular coalition for America to find the most prominent non-believing politician. The advocacy group, according to its website, calls for extending religious tolerance to people of all religions, and to those who have not religious beliefs thanks God, offered a thousand dollar prize to money to person who could identify the highest level, atheist, agnostic humanist, or any other kind of drontheist, clearly holding elected public office in the USA. How's it going, eh? A member of American atheist California nominated Stark, Ron Miller associate director of the secular coalition for America said the group wanted to highlight how hard it was for politicians to take a public stance about not believing in God. He said members were pleasantly surprised with Stark's candor. In other words, he's got a lot of cubic of the new shoe size. We didn't think we'd have any member of Congress come forward, Miller said. Now all you fags, raise your hand like Miss Foley. Miss Foley. Stark. The worry, I've felt that same way many times, Mark, but generally I check ID first. Although when you look, you know, you have to check ID to look like in the Galleria. You geez, I can't get over that. I just stay, you know, kind of like hanging out in their way to my friend who laughed for lunch said day, and I just kept wandering around and looking and looking, I thought to myself, gee, doesn't hurt to look. Stark who was served in Congress since 1973 and shares the health subcommittee of the House, ways of means committing, terrified is using an email statement. Good. Let's get right down to the meat of the matter here. Okay. And let's get rid of all this God crap. Okay. Because if there's a God, I look in the mirror in the morning and I think to myself, if there's a God, how can I be seeing this? Okay. Well, maybe he doesn't like you. I see Brady Quinn and then I look at myself in the mirror and I think this is a God that did this. See, maybe if he would get under him. Maybe he's a holistic bastard this guy. Maybe he's a sadist. Maybe he had a satir on pace. Oh, by the way, we not only used to come up with some of a pace off, baby, pass over. Happy pace off. A hint. When he's secular, college, that's been a complete survey of my religious beliefs. I indicated I may unitary in, who does not believe in a supreme being, Sturf said. Like our nation's founders, I strongly support the separation of church and state. Thanks God. I look forward to working with the secular coalition to stop the promotion of narrow religious beliefs in science, marriage contracts, the military and the provision of social services he be saying. The unitary and universalism described itself as credless, meaning that there has no underlying authoritative statement of religious beliefs. Some members believe in God, others don't. In other words, come see come shop. Like a Chinese restaurant menu, one from Colomé, whatever. What a great show. What a great show, Cheney, baby. A USA did a Gallup pool last month found that 45% of respondents said they would vote for a well qualified presidential candidate who was an atheist. Almost half of America would vote for an atheist or president. I'm running. 95% of not an atheist fact, they said no. It's getting a little over the top, carried away. 95% said they would vote for a Catholic candidate. 92% of Jewish candidates, you believe that? No, and 72% of Mormon candidates. Mormons really are taking up the old nose. That mid-Romé. He's got two chances. Most of us then, and then, of course, this bozo on here we got now. Stoy Enel. Yeah. His stoia, moronel. Or maybe read him about a moronel. Now, let's see, there was in fame. I always forget her name. Read a moronel. She was not a pyramid lot. She was on love. She would. He'd be quick shows, read a moronel. I loved her. She's great. And I loved that movie too, fame. Who wants to go to an effin dance school anyway, Lee Roy? Fame, baby. In fact, I wish that I had that music. Now, have you been in the music from that? What is that one that great song? Probably. How the theme? The theme from fame. And then, you know, one time. I have the, you got it. It goes. 76 on a pool, by the way, you're going to be a maze crisp by the time that ball game crap comes up. Maybe we'll hit 850. 850 sounds like a number. We got to have a goal, like, yes, today. Man, when we got to that 1500, are you sure, I'm positive? No, I have a bro, I have a bro, I have a bro, I have a bro, I have a bro, I have a bro, I have a bro, I have a bro, I have a bro, I have a bro, I have a bro, I have a bro, I have a bro, I have a bro, I have a bro, I have a bro, people were just filling from that, including me. I just, I couldn't believe it. Even Chris, who's, you know, become hopeful for the number of a day and I'd pull, even you couldn't believe it. Could you? Oh, no, no, no, when you will thank him, I said, let's, I think we got a shot at 1500 if this audience really gets behind us today. Now, of course, some of our friends out there voted 20, maybe, uh, but third, maybe 50 times. And that's okay. That's because they're living highly. What does that mean? We're talking about sort of an ethnic shot. That wasn't highly or shallow, we're voting on those. Pull your friends in a highly, just because they're dancing in the limbo rock under the installed doors of the tea room there and drilling glory holes. Yeah, we know what a lot of you people are doing busy out there in, uh, highly. Well, look at the glory hole. Yeah, and we'll take exactly where to find them right there. Westland Mall. There we go. I love it. I think we got just enough time to play over the side of the sea. If you, if you, if you ever saw this, and if you didn't, I think you must be living under a rock somewhere. I mean, I like, indeed. It's Irene Carras, saying this. I mean, her, who's great, but I love Irene. I think they do get movies. Short movies, and they do. They'll be one of the most beautiful movies. Do you exactly agree with me? No, you're neither worth a movie, but you know what? Yeah, I know. You'll take anything you want. And I'm a real, a real, a real, a real, a real. How long is this? It's long, and I'll watch three-tog this long. I hear three 48. I said three 52. You know something? This is the day it would buy, and maybe I'm fighting me a really hot, my seamer. Trust me, I can tell. I'm already a fire ever. I'm on it. What do you call that? Wicked. That was really my own great line of movie. What do you call that? Wicked. Come on, Lee. Well, put that thing away then. You start and I'll say it or the neighbors. OK. And I was good. I like that. And it thought as good though, is just some of the other. Mm-hmm. Like that. You know, that's one of those things. And where did we get that from? Chicken, I guess he sent me all the way to the stuff. Mm-hmm. That's one of those songs that I, you think you're never going to hear it again in your life. And of course, in some cases, probably wishing that that happened. But with me, I just, I like novelty records. You know, like the flying saucer by Buchanan, goodman? Sure. No, they really make novelty records anymore. Yeah, but like we're now, we're all kind of stuff. And there are people like that. You know, that's right. I think they're using Kanymore. I forgot that. Right. You can it in goodman. Well, I think we're like when we come back, we can kill some good time with that. That would be a good. We got 39 minutes to go until the free game show. I have all the flying saucers. In all the baseball people are tuning in now, man. And we'll, let's put on a really good algorithm, because we want to win first tomorrow. Some Marlin fans. How many are they? I've heard of this. Two young. I failed to yield a bit of crosswalk. I changed lanes for six to my change lanes. When I was sick, going, while running around, I just ate. I got pulled over on the insistent. Mm-hmm. I need you to step out to be a hope. I'm just trying to make a media. They smell so great for smoke, they'll win. I look at the pot. Oh yeah. They'll be for some pot for some sun. Okay, join us this, man. When they soak them in my car, they'll get you out. They'll be lost in the bottom of the stage. I've made a mistake. The one thing that they cannot make before. Kids like our kids like our group has to be as a back seat for the further attention. Because those joy gives me a whole different time. Kids, what are you gonna see? You gonna scoop up? I ain't telling you no lies. But yes, I have a bit like the time. It's a note of 49 cents and cheaper. No, with left and right. Yeah, yeah. All right, so we get some little crazy when he's down. Oh yeah, so it happens. 12 17 at 5, 16, WCM, I had a little technical glitch on here, but we got 8, 11 votes on the full now. I'll say 8, 15. We got to 32 minutes, not that I'm counting. 32 minutes to let 12, 50. But that's not much at all. It's like half an hour, baby. There, and I think the gas is a subsided a little bit. It's subsiding the gas in your nostrils. See, they thought I was gonna say something else. Being vulgar and grotesque and perverted like I am. But that's too bad. That's why people listen to the show. They love it. Okay, now let me just take a few could this. 8 11 on the full, that's good. There's George Bush, that's not good. And there's some calls on the phone, which may or may not probably not good. WQA, I'm hello. Oh, does that kneel? Yes, me, yes. I got a novel piece song that he probably haven't heard about 30 years. Okay. That would be the muelskiner. Frankie Lane? No, the name of the group is not Frankie Lane. I'm taking a muel train. What a name of the group. Frankie Lane was on the group. He was a guy. He was big enough to be a group. But anyway, what muelskiner? The muelskiner song. Yeah, it's got like yodeling in it and stuff. All right. Check it out. Okay, thanks very much. Check it out, George. The muelskiner. Yeah, never heard of it. I can, the goodman stuff, or is that just a joke? Is it the muelskiner blues that he could be talking about positive? I think so, yeah. He's confused with the blues. How are we? What do you got? You got flying saucer? Oh, let me talk to the muelskiner blues there. Oh, you're well, wait, but we can do the muelskiner blues a little bit if he's got yodeling in it. But more to get to it. Oh, yeah, I know that. Right. Well, good lord, if you, you will. People call it that's talking about some song. You know, they need a little tidying. Who did this? Thunderman. Oh, remember, like, was only yesterday. Freddie Thunder. I mean, a thunderman. Right. He's going to move. My favorite song. I'm warning you a lot of laughter, but nothing's on me. But wait till they step up and think you want out there, man. There's only one thing I'm warning you only to do with this and audience. So are you going to guess the year or this or what? Oh, I, you know, something I just see here. 60. That was in. That was in. That was in. 60. See, that was just a don't wild. Yeah. I have no idea. Because I remember the song. Okay, that's enough. That though. Okay, wait a minute. No. Wait, so I thought. Some more of these very word-written calls. Oh, okay. Oh, we got a bunch of call coming in, man. The flying saucer will wait. This is coming up. 30 QAM. QAM. Try again. Well, let me try again. QAM. Bala, I'll be talking. Oh, there he goes. That's my claim. QAM, hello. Andy, how are you? Okay, what a funny voice. How are you doing? QAM, hello. Yes, sir. I thought I'd call and help you get some of the time. Okay. Number one, first of all, Kudos and congratulations to Congressman now, Stark. Yes. It's kind of refreshing to know the thumb-ups for his out there. Who hasn't comments that? We'll have to pray for him, of course. We'll put him in the bag. Oh, God, that's good. Yeah. And then, especially regarding the state attorney's office panel, let's go on right now. My question is, how can an office done 80 or 90 attorneys like that also be incompetent, all of a sudden? You know? Because they had a bad altitude, that's why. Well, that's what I was kind of calling. Maybe you could just shed some light on the end of the layman's terms. I guess the big thing was, you know, these guys were asked to be let go because they weren't, they weren't, they weren't, they weren't, they weren't, they weren't. They weren't far enough to the right, sir. They weren't doing, with Deutschland Uber Wallace. Okay. Their boost stepping was off about a half a beat. That was the problem. How many of you are there? Hello. Hello. Hello. Who am? Yes, sir. Yeah, hey, I'd like to speak with Neil, please. You're speaking to him right now, sir. I know it's a shot, but I, you're speaking to him. Yeah, he knew how I, yeah. Okay. Favorite of all world. I am. You're coming off guard here, though. That's okay. You're practicing what I was going to say now. So, I'm really off-living. Two things. Yeah. You're just talking about the guy, not a stuff, and I just wanted to, a good, a place to kind of hear a good analogy of it with George Carl and has a really good analogy about God. He kind of compares them to a CEO and a CEO. Oh, well, I'll be sure and check that out. Oh, let's see. Oh, no. Oh, my God. This is, I cannot believe this story that we just got in here. Oh, yes. Yes. Is this somebody you know? Yes. What? No, but it's, you have to do with Mr. Ego though, if you look in the second page. Mm-hmm. His radio show is called the Doctor Mark Goulay show, but authority say the four larger-day-alman is a fake doctor who dual-body elects a erectile dysfunction treatments and psychological counseling and unlicensed clinics. This is in the slum sentence. Mark Goulay, 60-headed, least five such clinics including one and a Broward County and two impometes found out of the names. British diagnostic instituted of these suncoats, vascular clinic said, Elliot Cohen, spokesman for the BSO. Will he also had radio shows on WSPR AM-740 and WWNN-M1470 that broadcast throughout South Florida about 10 blocks a week in each case. On Monday, the sheriff's office arrested Goulay on two counts in practicing medicine with other licensed and one count of scheming to deferred less than $20,000. It was being held in Broward County, Joe D. Stan 21, Grand Bill, faces up to 15 years in prison and stiff fines. That's just a little play on words there. According to Goulay's arrest report, the sheriff's office said an unacarbitty detective posing as a patient at Goulay's popular beach clinic at 156,000, with South Federal Highway for work 27. Goulay ordered blood work and a physical suggesting testosterone injection and prescribed a cream called passion cream for women. Goulay claimed he was also a psychiatrist could counsel the detective. He charged in tech and $2.95 for services. The sheriff's office says Goulay operated the following on licensed clinics, British diagnostic instituted pavro beach, British diagnostics of three, LLC, Delway Beach, British diagnostic pavro beach gardens, and Miami Suncoaster, Vasque, and McClinnick in four Myers and Saris, so the Goulay's website also referred to Goulay anti-aging institute and foundation. In 1999, South Florida Suncennel, investigation into one licensed doctor found that one of Goulay's foundations that members was arrested in Boka for the illegal set of prescription drugs. Court records show that the employee was later convicted. Goulay referred to himself as a medical doctor on his website, although he is not licensed in Florida. He said he only ran the business and didn't treat patients. He also maintained his license doctor in Canada. Goulay, a long-time friend of Steve Kane, was encouraged by Kane to enter the radio business. Kane speaks freely on his radio program on the Jewish viewing Goulay's erection injection, as well as Goulay's fraudulent youth creating treatments. Kane recently subjected himself to belays, testicle enlargement treatment that he claims allows him and have a large scrotum sack. Kane had no comment if he himself will be arrested. Dr Bradley says he offered him someила water treatment but he greatly respects the straал of the drugs. Kane expressed the general managers backstage of the broad cas pinch request that he viewed And we anticipate there'll be other arrests, TBC, and how do you like that? His testicle enlargement treatment, clay, and claims allows him to have a large, scrotum sack. Hmm, listen, it's hard enough finding a comfortable seat as it is. It's what it's hard enough? Yeah. Well, that's good. I guess you don't need no help. I don't. Let's take a look at the pull on here. Speaking of that, and see what we got. Eight-nineteen old V, and I like that a lot. And Chris is probably proud of the peacock. Aren't you all excited? Eight hundred and ten. All the time. You passed you wildest dreams again. So we had that image. We're taking pressure off the board or no, we're security for the current. You should be coming from the cut to the end. Get out of here. Go away. Lunatic. The camera to you, to bash the two. Can't ever. Our whole man be the friend. High close and see. Will mark you on your hand. We close our eyes and fly our sides. We paint your good and see. We're so eager to drive a car in tune. Let's go now, by your seat. Oh, God made this way. Glory and praise. Oh, can ever please pass that boat to me. Oh, can ever please pass that boat to me. Thank you. Oh, look at this. The chairman of the joint chiefs of staff. That there's no other to pace or trot. Marine general Peter faces clarified. That's made in the newspaper. I'm on a which he referred to gays is in moral or something about all I think he said. In the same in pace that what he was trying to explain was that he was supportive of the West military's don't act don't tell policy, which allows to get troops to serve as long as they keep their Sociality private as long as they keep their mouth shut so to speak and don't say what you say to the Again, that was really bad but a good point. And expressing my support for the policy also aren't you. I'm doing a lot more of that. Wake these vats. I also offered some personal opinions about moral conduct. I said I should have focused more on my support of the policy unless and my personal moral views. Amen. Remember that other get ski that other general that crazy guy that was going on after you What he said. That's right. Yeah, me too. Oh man. Talk about the God squad. Earlier the Associated Press reported that no policy would be forthcoming from pace even though many gay Rights groups of criticisers come and says offensive. I've not just discussed in Rotenskin. Absolutely. Unacceptable. Paces he or statement was said today the general was expressing his personal opinion had no attention of apologizing. Paul Angelnic reported for the AP. They spoke on condition of anonymity because they don't want to get killed. They don't want to be detained. They just kind of like disappear and vanish into the eTHRIC as they say. I don't mean to know what the eTHRIC is. Can you explain to me what the eTHRIC is? That's right over there. No. So we're here and it's over there. As Rosstroy reported earlier, one advocacy we're seeking the apology, service members Legal Offense Network, SLDN which is legally represented in service members forced out of the military. Police are standing on its website, asserting that general paces come and say our outrageous and sensitive and disrespectful to the 65,000 less than gay truth in our armed forces. Paced all the tribunians today, discussing the support for the military's Don't Ask Don't Tell Policy, I believe that homosexual acts between individuals are immoral and we should not condone immoral acts. By shooting people and killing people and naming people and dropping bombs and slaughtering innocent men when children, things like that and invading countries that do you know business? Jesus says that. And I can't do that. But the Lord likes it. Oh God, that's good. A spokesperson for gay rights group called Paces come and they'd be pleased to know I got my shirt on my pantalobies and my shoes. I read. Forget anything? A spokesperson for gay rights group called Paces come and say insulting an offensive to the men and women or serving an adulterate honorably. One of Paces' predecessors who said the epinets and Pentagon chief, General John Shao Faiscivili and I could have a pronounce his name or put a word. That time very good. Recently called for repeal of the Don't Ask Don't Tell Writing. I was welcome to serve as any American who's willing to do the job even if they're gay. But everybody are gay. By try they'll try anything. Whatever it is they'll buy anything and they'll try anything. Sounds good to me. Especially if you're in Berlin. He's being on Berlin or baby. I'm going back right now. I'll see ya. 826 votes are on the pool. I don't know if this pool is, you know, how many people say they hate it? Oh 7.9% 666. Adam Blamer. Not a good pool. Don't ever knock the appals that come in from the audience because they don't stop sending it. And you never know maybe someday they might send this a good one all the way down. 16 minutes away and you know how long this thing is? This is a way to go. No that's a wrong cut. Where's the cut that I'm looking for? Or here it is. What's not that long? I have tough one on there. There was like 7 minutes and what's up with that big? Yeah, let's get out of here 7 minutes early. Who sounds good to me? Well I can't do that anyway because I got to like why could. I could let the maid come in and like, you know, tidy everything up here. Say, well turn this off and close that pot and then she'd probably come in here and smoke it. And I don't know what these things are. I mean I know what they are but what's the pool? What is that mean? It's like a shallow luck collection. Oh my god that. I got that under and I got some of those other drops. But this is only this thing from the odd five. It's only 118. So just remind me of that. Because there was nothing worse than having a music like come to an abrupt end. Mm-hmm. Before they get that important opening for the ball game. It's Marlon's baseball time maybe that's only 15 minutes away or less. And on the pool if we started, well for the kind of a five footer start at 829. Now what do we say? 50. Well I think we got that licorice market down another. Another successful day on the legendary near Rogers show. Don't forget, you know, we got all this dickie. Goodman. Oh, okay. Let's hear a little bit now. Sounds good all right here. It's great. Wait, wait, wait. We in the upper-s record to bring you a special bulletin. The reports of a flying saucer, covering over the city, have been confirmed. The flying saucers are real. We know where I'm from. But my thoughts can't succeed. That was the clatter's recording. Two real. We switch you now to our on the spot and put it down town. Come on baby let's go down the town. Take it away John Cameron Cameron. But you see John Cameron Cameron, downtown. They're caught me madam. Would you tell what he is? What would you do if the saucer worked a land? That's like a land. Thank you. Another thing gentlemen there. We're on the go to jeans. And he is all to jail. The feather table and with the guitar. What would you do sir? We'll just take a little more now though. So thank you. For the journey now. We're on the way to the beach. We're on the beach. We're on the beach. That was the pelicans outer space recording. I just been handed a bulletin. The flying saucer has just landed. We switch you again downtown. Here we are again. We have a lot of professors to see the painting mold after British Institute. And your professor is a part of your saucer to see if you're possibly any sign of life. But I'm sure something. Are you done? I am. You're done. That was laughing Lewis's record. Mocking. He's done ten more than all the spot. And now I believe we're about to hear the words on the first spaceman, L.A.M. On the other side. Stop. Stop. And now hear all the votes. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. The impact of seeing the first spaceman has this report of thrilling. Here are the four wheelies. That was the plan as again. With their big one. Oh. This is John Cameron Cameron again downtown. His spaceman has returned to his ship and is taking off. We return him out to our studios. The flying saucer has gone. There is no threat of an invasion. However, the flying saucers are still around. Yeah. Oh, right. Right. And like the best one of those I was talking about. They think you'd ever hear it getting. All of them. You can in the goodman in the flying saucer. I want to call it. I will. I will. I'll play those other ones. I don't know. One. One. One. One. I think we got eight fifty. Licks. We got the ball game. There's a lot of looking going on. I'm saying that right now. I think some of you need a good looking. I'm on hard. Or I'll live her. No. Huh? That's all for Neil today. The violence after play. I'm sure Neil doesn't mind going home. No. Now two more three smart holes. And here it's deep that blows. As the rest of the bust with lives turn off the radio. It's far, far, far. It's far again. It's a deep, far, far. It's a small and such a goddamn pity. Designers don't like to say. And yet, excited from reconking the same. It's our day's song. No one gives a f***. Or dead in the end through tables. The violence wants their payments. And track your worth of agreement must be that. Despite the ratings difference. They have to pay the bills. And hope they find that all the ins and brains are dead. Or the days fall. It's time to make a sandwich for the days fall. I'd rather hear your men as exciting as the sound of driving a toast. Or right. Designers don't like to trouble getting late. It's far, far. And life was as old as far as one spot open in the road. OK, like I said. Oh, we're right like on the edges there for a little while. And I'm sort of like, so off the edge. Yeah, well, I'm sure. You know, off the track. I hit about 14 times. I'm sure. What do you think? Nothing. That makes it all rated. Yeah. I'm so excited too now that I went and took a leak and that bit is over. Oh, yeah. Anyway. Well, you know, my luck. I'm standing in there right here. You're all sorts of things. H41, which means by the time we get out of here in a couple minutes, we're going to have that 85 to the easy. And I think maybe you serve passengers by a here. 846. Hmm. We all won. 846. 846. I got that now myself. I just refreshed it. Oh, it was refreshing as hell. Now, I think we might have time for this. Not that I'm going to play. We don't. But I'm not going to play it. But I don't want to start playing all bunch of sickies music now. I'm going to kill the audience. I let the ball and genie. I got stuff earlier than that. Yeah. I got 20. I'm up to 18. I just love that. I mean, is there anybody who doesn't like that song? I haven't found them. Even punks would probably like that. You know, I'll go ask one. Hey, Josh. Well, I wouldn't get that carried away. 846 votes on a poll. I'm not going to read the poll result because it's just, you know, it is what it is. Cutting a loud or bad smelling fart wins hands down your pants. I mean, I'll be such a good idea. But nevertheless, 453 vote on that. Out of 1, 846. In fact, let's refresh this. And what do you mean? This is just like yesterday. 847. They're trickling in by the ones now. When you know, proud of the prompt for that, there aren't going to be any big chunks any blocks of O21 in a life as the moral game is two minutes and three minutes away. Three minutes and 45 seconds about that. I'm coming. Two bad things. It's a longer. No. It's like three times. Yeah, we could play that three times. In fact, maybe we put on an endless loop. Or we could play more of every Williams. We'll go in the morning, actually. Man. Oh, I got a girl named Bonin' Roll. Oh, right. Season. Or, Lauddy Miss Coddy. I'll see that sound walk a fast smelling way. No sound like a fat man. I've got a lot. Chicken and I was, uh, I reached him. I'll take one of the iron. I'm not a lot, I'm not a lot, I'm not a just one. Oh, you're so good to me. Oh, look out! Yeah, you know, when we were playing the flying saucer in our couple of who was drops in there, like I think, well, it was a little richer, wasn't it? I think it was. I think it was. I started thinking about that. That, that. You just played there, yeah. Yeah, commercial comes on and everybody stops talking, so they can hear it. Yeah. But, now you got to admit, maybe that would be a pull to take one day, although I don't think there are that many of them. You know, the guy, the guy, because there's several, there's a whole series of pissed off, caveman spots, you know, those are great. The celebrity spokesman, they're great, but I hate that lizard. No, the, the gecko. Yeah. I forget about the gecko, and that's what I'd like to forget about the gecko, but they still. We've got to know that one anymore. Any more of these out there, they still use the gecko. Yeah, right to the gecko. Yeah, gecko. The gecko. That too. Maybe the send to the gecko. Let's see the place for. Yeah. When surprised me, if there's a bunch of geckos running around in the gecko, let's ask Elvis in the gecko, oh, maybe the place. No, you're not going to play in there. Well, we do have time in the gecko, I just know where he says that, man. It's so rednecky, and I'm placing the gecko like what? The house is on. The classic baby from the golden days from the golden days. What the hell is this? I am a happy wonder along the way. Don't tell me you don't know this old man. No, I'm gonna climb the valley of Alderauson. All the crowds love this. Oh, that was a great day. Yeah, okay. I know you heard this. I was hoping that would cook before I did it again. I was more than enough for that. After more than enough for that. Oh, that was like the meal, Skinner Blues. Everybody's laughing up the storm. Like the morning show. Everybody's laughing like hysterically. And nobody can figure out why. Well, I sure hope there's enough of this to keep us going up until the cross and a while for whatever reason is a gap. Because I'm timing it. Oh, yeah, we got eight seconds to spare. But once a while they for some reason they don't play the theme like right on time. The opening of the summer. So the rest gets the opening baseball. They've got Marlon's baseball and the euros coming up next. I'm gonna have me a good machine to do. Man, I can feel it. Oh, it's in the year. I'm sorry, I could play a chicken boy. Good. Needless to say a lot in there. Jersey, Jolly, Joe is a door. Dominor, Port Biscum. Fast, Dominor, for Mr. Now, you guys. I don't get how many. Jolly, don't get you one three four two five come out of the woods or no. You have to take it. Great. And pass it. No. Who are you? You. You. You. You. You. You.