For a thousand season days off. Well, from the channel to I with this magnet at the kill and hey, where's I going? What's she doing with that machine going? Oh my god, well, camera's the way. She was fed up with really one story after another about props and violence. Now, she wants to write the world and rewrite the news in the game. And full story and mission. Don't get me fooled. I'll see you tonight at 5 p.m. on a random spot. And full, she took the news into her old head. What are you like to do with me when I get through with you? There won't be enough of you left and make a good two-day for dognog. And, uh, and mission. Also starring Carl, whether it's just a way closer to hell. And, don't, don't, don't. There's a stationary car on over the world. And full, she's my host of the two. And full, it's my job. And Bishop or Jan Rino, that was a little trivia question. But now that Anne is sleeping with the fishes, or that Sandy Peyton ran off with her body. Now, how do I sound? Am I cutting out it off? No, you sound great, man. I sound great. Well, I always sound great. Some days greater than others. When you're legendary, you have a habit of sounding pretty great. But, uh, see, George is out sick this weekend. I mean, George is out of vacation. He would be sick. He might be sick. He's sick a lot. Well, now you sound okay. Oh, really? What do you mean he's sick a lot? You're picking on poor George. You're picking on, you're not going to like 10 seconds. And you're picking on poor little George. What I tell you, Chris, you want the job. Oh, he definitely does. Now, you're cutting out now. Bad. And we know if it's on the ear like that because the last segment there when, uh, I don't know, Miguel will come in and tell us, uh, you know, he listens in his office. He's, he's the only one who listens. And you just cut out again there. So I sure hope it's not on the ear like that. If it just me, I can listen. After all these years after putting up with this garbage, I can put up with almost anything. You can adapt. I'm pretty exactable and flexible and malleable, a medible old queen. But as far as the other stuff. So what's the story? Does anybody know was it on the ear? Nobody's coming yet. But I'm guessing we're okay on the ear. I'm guessing because you're cutting out really bad. And during the, uh, both camper guilty thing there, oh, and let me tell you, is to you so-called Panther fans and Denise Pac-Fan and you talk about DF, dumb frog. Dumb, freaking frog. I watched the, uh, the total collapse of the Panthers last night. Just after the Leafs were collapsing into New York and strangers. So I would, I want to watch that seven or two. So I watched the Panthers globally against Carolina. And, uh, every time the Panthers were going to penalty, oh, it's she's we got robbed and it's only officials. And everybody's just a crybaby now. No matter how flagrant, how obvious the penalty is. And, you know, they blow to lead in regulation, which first of all, I had a three to one lead. I don't want to get hockey intends, but it's just so frustrating to me. So stupid. And there's a flagrant penalty, a tripping penalty called an in overtime, which is unusual overtime penalties, but it was flagrant. And it was obvious. And now any to be equal, any, any ball for his upset because he thought it was a dive by the Carolina player. And so he comes out and he's doing the swindive. He's skating all across the earth. And then he's pocket man, perhaps the dumbest frog on the face of the earth says, oh, don't you love that? That's really great. Oh, yeah, it was so great that he got an unsportsman like extra two minutes. And during the five on three, my old buddy Ray Winnie scores the winning goal. And they lose an overtime there out of the playoffs. Nice going. Denise, you silly asked for. And so now they show when the game is over. Carolina's won the game overtime. This is the so-called fans. And he was the term so-called. They're a heave in all kinds of crap out of the ice. And Denise is saying, well, you know, you really can hardly blame them. By the way, a buddy of mine just threw me a text and we sound okay on the air. Well, we don't sound okay here. But your buddy's saying, well, text will that's good. I'm glad to hear that because you did just now. You cut out when you said a buddy me a text. So I'm assuming I'll fill in the blank sent me a text. That's correct. Yeah. Fill in the blank. We'll just let you go with it, man. We'll see when you can love with. No problem. I'm so used to the crap in this place. I mean, and then they're telling me, oh, fix it. He's giving me wrong. If you're unplugged the Attellos box. And if you're like, it's on this end. Okay. Nothing gets messed up on this end on the weekends. It's always in that place when they come in. It's like a jungle gym. It's like they let a bunch of a 50, a bunch of 50 little kids in there. Like in a jungle gym and they're playing with this and yank it with that. And there's a lot of yanking going on there. That's what I think. By the way, they're trying to get a hold of that engineer to come out to your place. I think for what? I guess they think that the problem is on that end. Well, one thing, tell me that. Maybe I'll put my clothes on if the engineers come out here. I don't want to be good, right? I'd be good, right? Sure. It's when they feel good idea. Can you imagine if they tell me anything? I don't think it is on this end. I don't think it is either. Well, he can come out there and wiggle your wires and see how it goes. I don't want him to wiggle anything. Okay, believe me. Not that engineer. Not any engineer. I've never met in a gym in my life. I want to have wiggle anything in mind. I guarantee that. All right, let's pretend we're doing a show. Okay. And then during the break, I'll run and put some a clothes on. They're trying to get a hold of the engineer. What was he going to do that I couldn't do? I'm sorry. Am I supposed to answer that question? What is he going to do as far as plugging, unplugging, first of all it was down to send how come I sound so good? How come I'm not cutting out? That's a good point. Yeah, that is an excellent point. It's usual. How come they ate me in other times that the problems have always, you know, they've always started on that end. They originated down there. But of course it must be here. Must be something that will yield it. I'm sure that. Maybe they can sign John McCain here. He's a good at problem solving. He says that the US Iraq security and the capital is working the crack down in Americans like the full picture of the progress. Things are going great, man. We can actually walk out of this. There's a block we found where we go outside for like five minutes and not get killed. Meanwhile, the US military later reported after he got through talking all that crap. A six soldiers were killed in roadside bombing Southwest to Baghdad. That's how the security is going. Two of the soldiers killed Saturday for this day. Yesterday what appeared to be coordinated attacks. The four soldiers died as they were responding to the first explosion which killed the first two indicating the attacks to the police in the last minute of the Saturday and shortly after midnight. I'm Sunday. John McCain. So everything is coming up. Rose is baby. Everything is just really. Right. So what do you tell me they're trying to get a whole of the engineer to come out here and do what? Well, those are the last thing they said to me. I don't know if they got a hold of him or you know, he will be coming out there. But that's what they said. I see. Here's the pull from Friday. And when they hit them pull today, sorry Charlie and Charlie be the sends in the eight minutes. And pull from sending Charlie. Let me just say this to you. Okay. I appreciate all your work here. We'll whoever you are Charlie be. This guy sends in about 15, 20. This is his new occupation. He creates pulls for the show, which is wonderful. But try to find some pulls there about something beside. They'll come. If Neil Farts the wrong flavor, you know, you know, cough and make a lot of noise, you run out of the elevator and kill yourself. Oh, you know, it just stop already with that Charlie. I don't want you to get, you know, all sensitive like that. But cut the crap. You think they'll get sensitive if I say cut the crap. Yeah. I just said it. Here's the pull from Friday. I enjoy it most when Neil gets see there's Neil again. Neil, Neil, Neil, Charlie, I'm sure you're not my type. Okay, just go away. I enjoy it most when Neil gets blank intensive. Politics in 10 to 640. Well, I just got through talking about John McCain. They should be real happy. What a bozo he is a jackass and a whole. Religion 394. Oh, happy pace off. Make sure you're reading the lots and now. Lots of butter and salt, baby. It'll kill you. Like eating cardboard. I enjoy most when Neil gets to stay. Some management intensive. Like when the engineering is all screwed up like today again. 254. I hate this 413 only 6%. Wait till you see how many he'd to pull today, Charlie. When Neil gets sex intensive, what do you want to know? What's that going to start? Ladies and gentlemen, 303. Food 80, hockey 76. Already gave you your hockey talk. I'm going to much of stupid fans. There are Sean Krap all over into these pot fans. Egg in a mind. Oh, you can hardly blame them. You're an idiot, Denise. Godfather and since of 69 and my space in 10 to lay down or last only 33, they hate that stuff. And good news. What? A little shocking. I remember they used to like it. I think they got sick of it. You're cutting out another point. I hear like maybe 2 words. Okay. That's how bad it is. Well, really. Okay. People on the air. I guess, getting here with you saying all of my have my doubts about that. But maybe your friend is still not a disaster. I have no idea. Probably. Anyway, we have a 13-acre mice face friends. How do you like that? Pretty good. I'm trying to do that. Now what I'm going to do is take the break a little bit early now. Because I want to put some clothes on. Because I don't want to be sitting here. My box is shorts. When the engineer from other fans shows up here, that would be kind of embarrassed. I would be bad. I walked in there and there was this knee. I was sitting there naked and I wondered what that was all about. Yeah, they hate to pull to the nature. I want to take it. Oh, take it personally. Holy Macadad. This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority. Neil God. Who may I ask is the father? There's no service here. My friends. You're brave. People are standing in line. Well, when you keep the bucket, I have a lot of heavy cry. I don't have a lot of souls pretty well. You're just going to get standing in. Even though how would I try? It's a funny ride like the old man. Don't do what a bunch of tests. I find out who's a bug. I'm going to read through this. You should be in name from a chicken about every day. You can't get a fanchant. You know, all they used to buy rings. Rinkly, twos with lots of name. You will weary all agreed. There's more trucks and a pharmacy. Get to the end name. From a chicken about. It's crazy. One. You got to open the box. Get to the end name from a box. Three. You got to close the box. This is how we do it. I'm trying to do the kid and chicken at my house. Chicken and box. We've heard of chicks with. But this is chicken and box. Now the good news is I just had my own spy report from somebody who I know and trust and has got an IQ Argentinist thumbnail. And he said it sounds fine on the ear. Okay. Eric said the same thing as well as one. My friend said that. When a year friend. So that's what I'm saying. Who the hell cares about that? Well, Eric also said it too. How does Eric know? He's listening online. He's reading Orlando. How do I know? Yeah. I guess I'm lying. It sounds fine. Well, that's good. We don't have any dropouts online. And I guess that's all the more reason for me. Just pop out. Even though we're delighted to have Josh with us this week. At least two. I'll just keep eating my how he's saying. I want to know what he did. I would be good. And that would be the excuse for why I'm here. Boot. I got my shirt in my walking shorts. So I'm just a case the engineer comes tapping on my door. In fact, you know what? I probably ought to unlock the door. I mean, wouldn't be nice if they would tell me if he's coming up here or something. So I would, you know, would know. Listen, I don't know that he is. They just said that they were going to call him. Try to get him out there. Yeah. Because they're convinced that it's something on this end. I've been let me say to you again. I sound as pristine. This old queen sounds clean and pristine. How do you like that? Huh? I don't want to be mean, but nevertheless, I'm going to be. I'm about it. They're full of crap. Why do I know it's possible if something on this end? Phone is working. No, look at this QIM. Sounds right on the air. Okay. Thank you. So it sounds fine on the air. There's no dropouts. There's our third confirmation. Happy pace off by the way. Oh, maybe it has something to do with Passover. You think perhaps maybe it's a Jewish thing. Pass it over. Let's take a look at that award-winning pool today from Charlie B. That they hate life poison. I don't even know why I put this one on there. You know, I've got a pile of like 600 pulls here that he and other people are sending. I don't know why I didn't think there was anything that bad about it. But the boy they hate it like poison. You think that somebody poisoned their moths in a day. Well, that would be a good scare to put on the air like that. That would dump you a good idea. Get all the Jews really upset. Poison moths don't even say it. Got his pissed off man. Okay, when you vote, I hate this pool. What are you really saying? That's the pool question. And do you think that's a bad question? Yes. You're like, yes. Okay. Yeah, that's why I'm hearing it. But at least I'm getting entertainment from it because on the air it sounds great. So what are we care what I hear? Well, maybe a couple of laughs from cutting out. I'll give you a couple laughs from cutting out. Or maybe they don't like you. That's what it's all about. Yeah, someone's sabotaging me. So here's the answer. I genuinely dislike that pool when I say I hate this pool. 375, 54.3%. Well, I guess, I guess. I don't believe that, but I guess. I hate this pool, meaning this one today. 163, 23.5%. Well, I've bad man. That's one of the all-time worst Charlie. And even Josh said he hates this pool. Then you say that? So I said, sucks. What about you, Chris? You think this is a bad pool? That's okay. Nothing, nothing wonderful. I could change it. Yeah, that'd be good. To change it? Yeah. I mean really on the air. I know yesterday was April Fool, but I have a feeling that they postponed it one day. That's what this is. Somebody's fooling it. Yeah. I got a better one here that Charlie said, he won't feel so bad if I yank this pool. Maybe I yank it. Yeah, I can't. No thanks. Well, no, here's the, no, let me ask you how you like this one. Okay. I wish I had more time to blank. Did you want me to read the choices on here? I don't know if I should. Nah, I don't know if I should. Let's see how many votes we got on here. 700. It's only a short show today, so. Oh, by the way, I'm ready. We're minded to be at that Marlon's baseball at 1230. Oh, no. I got a story of bank story. I'm not going to mention the name of the bank, but it's here. It's a Romano bank. Oh, nobody down there can get all Ben out of shape. Oh, my god, they're going to cancel. I don't think that my bank here is advertising on WQAM or any other South Florida station. I made a deposit. See, I have a chicken account here, but I use it very, very seldom very little. And I made a deposit to cover a check that I wrote. Okay. Okay. I made the deposit in cash at the ATM. You following this? Of course. Yeah. Okay. I made a deposit on Friday, knowing that I was going to mail out the check on Wednesday, and it would arrive wherever it was going to arrive. And I'm going to have to go through it. No, no, it went through and they bounced it. They bounced it because the even though the balance showed, I mean, I keep, there's like 1500 bucks in it account. Okay. And the check was for a thousand. But at the time that it went through there, they hadn't credited. They still hadn't counted the money from the ATM yet. Yeah. That happens a lot. This was cash. This wasn't a check. I know. That happens a lot. Yeah. Where do you think I'm going to be in 1235? Would buy? No. In my bank. Okay. Now I had a good weekend at wood賣. I had three grand on the line. It would buy and on Saturday. I was sitting morning in our Prokeven and sitting. I went back and I had three grand on the line. And I ran out of there. I was very proud. Well, before they could yank the money out of my wallet, I said, Okay. I'll take it. Thank you. See you. Bye. And I ran out like a rocket. I have moved that fast in a hundred years. When you vote, I hate this poll. What are you really saying? I don't hate the polls. 88. I don't know what I don't even know what that means. I mean, if I hate Neil because he won't put me in his will, 18. Yeah. That's probably what Chris voted. I just like being negative and hateful 16. See, I think that's the best they have on his dancer. Only 16 people will best up to it. I just like being negative and hateful because I'm in so far than I hate my life. Yeah. That's our winner. Yeah. You bet. See, even you know that. You sounded better though, that time we didn't come out. Cut out. So if you talk in very short sentences. Okay. Seconds of talk. No, now you sound okay. Now, wouldn't it be something if it got straightened out and then the orange and the shirt up here and said, Okay, I'm here to help straight it out. Oh, no, it was on that end anyway. Well, when he gets there, just say April fools. No, now you sound fine. I'll play that. I'll find a, I'll, uh, you. I'll find it in a jar. Play something. Let's see. Oh. No, it's quite not it. Okay. Listen, okay. Oh, well, it was good for what lasted. Yeah. I hate Neil's opinions five. I hate Neil Cosm, a right wing, a whole four. I hate Neil Cosm rejected me as my space friend, too. I hate Neil Cosm rejected me as my space friend, too. I didn't reject a lot of people from your, my space. Very, very. You know the ones that reject the ones who are selling something. Oh, of course. Or the ones who are promoting some product or some crap, or the ones who are obviously fake with no profile and no friends and no life and no name. And I'm just, I'm not putting up with that. I hate myself for continuing, listen, you'll, too. I can understand it. I hate myself period, too. I hate Neil Cosm or I'll just not one. I hate the world one. Remember that song? I hate the world. I hate everybody. Remember that? Yeah. What? That was the Michael Jackson thing, remember? You want to say for Africa? That worked really well. Very touching. Really song. Thank God there's no starving people over there. Don't be kidding me on me with that touchy feeling. I'm a touchy feeling kind of guy. If I like you, I'll touch you in failure, but not in your case. I hate the world one. I hate Neil one. Well, thank you. I hate Neil Cosm, a hundred of I mean none, and I hate Neil success none. We won't make a thousand by ball game time, but that's okay. We got to go to excuses to short show, right? Or because the poll sucks. No, you're cutting out real bad again. Because the poll sucks? Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Now I don't hear anything. Well, I didn't say anything. Oh. That'll do it. Great. Great. But I don't do it. Okay. Let's try Neil, man. Say, before Neil. I know we've got three. We've got three authoritative reports here that it sounds just fine on the ear, including something that I know and trust to, I wouldn't be asking me. Okay. So I know that you sound just fine. I'll be able to stuff. It's got, like that on here. It's just, I'm my speaker here. Yeah. It's up wrong over there. Oh, see, like there. You said something, and then you just cut right out. You still there? Yes, I am. Well, what did you say? Some, I said, it's something wrong over there. Wow. That was a joke. Well, whatever it was it was. I'm, I'd look, I think I'm going to worry about it. I'm so used to it at this point, especially on Monday. Every Monday is April Fool's Eve. It could be the middle of August. It's April Fool's a QAM. Surprise. Technical screw up. But the bizarre thing is that when a guilty was on there, I think, I think too much guilty is what screwed up the transfer. That's what did it. I don't think it could take any more of that. And I know I sure as I couldn't vote when I came in here, but the bottom try to make you as it wasn't cutting out when it was on guilty and vote, the guilty and vote for a Kenny and Bow Morning Show. Yeah, what was cutting out when I got there and talked to you the first time, correct? No. And then all of a sudden, see, it was Chris. Chris did something. Actually, I think it was Josh because it was working fine until about five minutes before he got here. The key word before. Well, here, I didn't hear less. It's not just cutting out for like a second. That's cutting out for like the half of the sentence, whatever you said. So I'm just trying to fill in the blank. So it's like a game. It is. It's a game. We just make fun of you and you won't know. I don't even care. You can make all the fun of me. I want it. My check is still going to show up on me. What's the second week from tomorrow? In fact, I'm probably sure of a week from today, they really won't. It's Joe. Hi, it better. But that's right. I won't be here anyway. Where you going? I'm vacation. What do you mean where am I going? I'm going on vacation, man. Are you going anywhere? I mean, you got a little destination. I'm going to Amsterdam. How do you like it? Right. I bought you a hand for today. I've never said I hated that. I said it was getting a little bird out on. I'm taking some friends. One of whom has never been to Europe before. And I'll just show him a wonderful time. Now, head of a sexual friend. So he'll enjoy the red light district null of perversion there. You don't really get burned out, right? Right out there. Now, burn this. Well, how come you're asking me? You're supposed to be working with Georgia. Would assume next week aren't you or not? No, that would be me. That would be, yeah, that'd be Chris. Well, that's right. What am I thinking of? I'm thinking of back in the day, you know? Second of an inch. You want to send us a psychiatrist over there? Well, let me just say this to you. Okay. You. Yeah. The baby's a bitch. You want to fly to the sea tonight? You want to go to the sea tonight? You want to be the one who's been there? You want to be the one who's been there? You want to be the one who's been there? You want to be the one who's been there? You want to be the one who's been there? You want to be the one who's been there? You want to be the one who's been there? You want to be the one who's been there? You want to be the one who's been there? You want to be the one who's been there? You want to be the one who's been there? You want to be the one who's been there? You want to be the one who's been there? You want to be the one who's been there? You want to be the one who's been there? You want to be the one who's been there? You want to be the one who's been there? You want to be the one who's been there? You want to be the one who's been there? The first time I made my video perfect HeaDermaanker, Sing along Phon, over 50 of your favorite Sing along Phon, I'm through finale of 2020. This is an exclusive TV offer, the comment over this priceless collection. I'm a little bit nervous, but I'm a little bit nervous. It took 32, everything sounds really super on this end. I read the title, so I turned it on and off during the break and I came back and sat down here and guess what? It was still cutting out real bad. Of course. Just like you're going to be doing it in a second now, but nevertheless. As long as it sounds good on the ear, I mean, who cares about me, right? I can't wrap about me. While with anybody worried about that, okay, let's take a look at that award when you schedule, we got the Marlon pregame show us opening day. I still don't understand what the big deal is about, but it's every year I go through that same thing. At least it's in a way game anyway. It's a role game that the Washington Nationals, whether it be a gigantic tune in for that. Opening day for the Marlon's, any interest. No. Hey, watch it now. Pregame at 1230, again, time with your close personal friend, what's his name? Dave Van Boring at WannaClank and Roxy's a sexy, sexy, sexy. Hank will be on after the ball game at rivals and then any kid, rival, seven o'clock tonight. That really, you know what? That really just amazed us the hell out of me. What's that? There we got. Isn't tonight? I mean, isn't officially the start of pace off tonight at sundown or was it last night? Well, you would know better than me, but no, I would not. I would not. I may heed that. I don't know any of those religious, whether it's Jewish holidays or Muslim. I don't care about that crap. Okay, life is too short to be worried to waste any time with garbage like that. Yes, it's tonight tonight. Tonight, tonight sundown, we got Hank and Eddie K. Gonna burn in hell because the management made them work on pace off. That's bad. And I see the humpers on again tomorrow and Eddie K is also on again tomorrow after the Panther game. Well, that should be really something following that. Or following the Marlon game. I can't even keep track of all this. We got the Panthers on 1360 and the Marlon's. That's tomorrow. Let's save it for tomorrow. Kill some good time. 750 votes. Now we got almost two hours. I don't know. I mean, I guess it's possible. No, it's not. 240 votes in the two hours. No way. Oh, impossible. If we had a good goal. Not on this pool. Yeah, you know something. I know it's on that end. I would bet you a Z.N. dollars a year money. It's on that end. I can hear just by the way, it's cutting out. It's like a loose wire or something, you know? You're not going to get an argument for me. On that. Good. Because even if I did, I don't know here half of it anyway. Now, to see that's probably a blessing in it to disguise to all of this is that even if you want to argue and give me a much of crap. I'm only going to hear half of it. Have it anyway. And you want to say half a loaf of crap is better than a whole loaf or something like that. No, what they say? Something like that. It was sounded just fine. And then Christ did something. I don't know what they'll be did. There was a giant. It was when Josh came in. Wasn't it? Yeah, basically. Let's find a scapegoat. Let's not fix it. I mean, you ever find out of the actually sending the engineer here or I did not find out. I would imagine it was not. I figured they maybe popped their head in and let me know if they were going to do that. So in other words, we're just going to go because it's not going to buy our Smosis fixed itself between now and tomorrow morning and 10 o'clock. I understand that's a revolutionary thing for me to be saying. And I'm probably way out of line and saying that. But you know me, I'm always out of line. That's the story of my life. I'm always out of line. Open up a big fast stupid log mile. That's me. So how do you like that thing with my bank? You never, you tell me that happens all the time. All the time. How long can you hold a cash deposit? Listen. I'm no stranger to that. I've, it's happened to me where it's taken four or five days. You know, yeah, I heard it's taken four out of whatever you just got through saying. Last few sentences, those are the three or four words that I just heard. That's how bad it's cutting out. Cut it out. Iranian state radio reported that all 15 British sailors and Marines held captive by Iran have confessed to illegally entering Iranian waters, but. And an apparent softening in the disputes said their statements would not hear because of positive changes from the brits, from the salience brits who give me the schmits. The softed hotel was apparently mirrored in London where an official said Britain is agreed to consider discussing with Iran. All of it is. Cheesehead, Tommy Thompson's running for prison. Anybody care about that? No, he said he drank water out of a creek and bought a buy. He was an outdoorsy kind of guy and now he's dead. And we're all not crackling the guy down to the square up there with the. Anthrax. Not really. I sure do. Well, if you were just a punk back then, what did you care about nine eleven, you know? Written, however, once a unconditional release of the crew and is not negotiating for their freedom said the officials will smoke on condition of identity because of the sensitivity of the crisis. Iran is demanded an apology from Britain as a condition for the release of the crew overseas March 23. And but it would be, but above and the speech goes on. And you know, you can just tell that they're certain individuals I want to say they neocon the fascist who are just chomping at the bed to use this as an excuse to go in there and just to nuke the hell out of them. Speaking of pace, I'll have got a great story about that. I first see this very important fact that says, the reason the money is not in your bank account and then it's just this all. It's cut off like, you know, every all the feed that's coming from here will do to come in this way. Yes. Even the taxes are cut off. Even the facts is get shot today must be because it's a Jewish holiday. Everybody's getting cut today. If you weren't circumcised before, it'd show you better look around afterwards because you're going to be a bloody mess. It says the reason the money is not in your bank account and then it's, that's the end of it. I'm sure you can see there's another word there, whatever. Maybe they're trying to see you lost it all. I would buy it and I was like that. Deposit it cash and they bounce it check. You know, it's just it's just unbelievable. I know the thing about holding on to checks that they do forever and ever and ever. I want to do that with them over there once before about that. But nevertheless, you know, life will go on. I got it's making my kind of money and I'm bouncing checks. Is that like a wound in your ego or what? I don't care. I really don't care. Too bad. Allison Goldberg will be doing all of praying today. Oh, it's the first evening of Passover and the Gators are plenty of how estate book eyes. Whether by divine plan or cruel coincidence, the college basketball title game is landed on the same night that many South Florida Jews are supposed to spend with their families eating praying. By rural Khatau, I don't know. And we're sending from a special text during your ritual meal. No, no, no, no, no. But are you laughing about it? I'd just like to be at one of those so I could be amused. One of those parties? Oh, say it. Yeah, you get to drink a little wine to celebrate the holiday that marks the people's exodus from Egypt and slavery. Talk about a test of faith. It says this is in the Sun's Channel. Think about the very cute and clever. Which they never are. Talk about a test of faith. It says forget the apple. Tempations arrived in the form of a big screen TV with high definition and surround sound. It's like, what do I do to I dinner really quick? Is it possible to put on TV and another woman run back and forth. Wonder is goldberg. A rabbit gator fan from deer field beach will be attending a state worth a homophoreligiously observant at an uncle. Oive. The dilemma most pass over say there's don't serntil sundat around 730 pm. Game time is 921 tonight. Ve is mere. We're going to be late. What do we do? We're going to all burn and hell. God don't like the NCAA. It's all going. Goldberg now normally relishes the say there this year. However she hopes the dinner when accompanying ceremonies including reading the Haga da will be kept to a minimum. So it is that Haga da. I don't even know. It is all this juxtap. It will be kept to a minimum. She can't have the very least rush on afterwards. Catch you to the game. If they start reading in the Hebrew with over she grows playfully, they can make it to our sayter into four hours. Wendy's Zimmerman of Palm Beach Gardens already decided there will be no TV on during the sayter and she or husband are hosting. A couple of meta students at the University of Florida are huge fans. But this is the first pass over dinner they've hosted so they want to do it right. That means no TV distractions during the meal. We think it's inappropriate she said. Of course that doesn't mean her table has to be turned off. We're not going to look at the internet and anything to see the score. We want to watch it from the beginning. Matt Wolf 30 of 10. Rack rule out attending his family say to when he buck tickets to the nice game at Atlanta he will observe the holiday and the game they're in person. He's not worried about what the Almighty will think. God he said is rooting for the gators. Oh, and that cute. Oh no. I'm rooting for my bank and that thing straightened out. So when I'm rooting for him, I'm rooting for the sound. The audio to get straightened out. And you're not cutting out and you want to watch because you're not saying that. Mm-hmm. And I worked that good. That was good. In fact, maybe if you say stuff like real quick like it like you just did there. Okay. Good. See you work good. That's a good one. San I was 64 of votes on a full. We'll get to whatever we get to by game time. We got the Marlin game at 12 30 and then Wednesday again. Another Marlin game with a free game at 12 30. Oh, what a week. Oh, come on. Me, you. Yaaah. You're going to. On facts, not the news. Especially for us. We wrote all by ourselves. We'll rock to the dom who say you know, some are Obama. The Dame and the Rack school did boy. What you don't know about Omexadov Husainozama Obama. Me. Surprising. As a boy, he went to mattress in Mr. Wilson's all-night mattress store and practice Wahhabi as a Mazzahabi all the way to Kimo's hobbies. In that big birthday. He was the mystery man on the grassy nose. The Dame was his uncle. And if you're not closely, you realize his real father was Jack Webb. Plus an infuriating and typically uninform commentary from one of our garden variety, hard-looking which forms hand-picked out of our stable, every public and ones that could out easy and appeal to our elderly and drunk right wing viewers. Fox Nossie Jules. 30 per Zen of the truth for the 30 per Zen of you. Watch and obey. 14 before 11 and 5. 16 W.K. Kimo Roli and our 44 minutes away from the Marlin pregame show. Not that we're counting, but it is kind of, opening day baby. That's when people couldn't give a flying leap less about baseball. Oh, it's opening day. Yeah, it will be. And then the rest of the season they don't pay any attention, probably just as well. I see the red sign, no, it wasn't the red sign. It was the mess in the car. The car goes that night. It's in the car, Noss. And I saw one, I'm trying to think. I saw like part of an inning. And the I met scored a couple of runs and the car will pitch or couldn't get anybody out. And they just kept round into bases and scoring like crazy. And that was all I could take. I watched a couple of things. Did you really? I, I'm one of the very few people who still likes baseball. No, I guess because you worked with Dave Ann Boreny made it so signing for you. Oh, God, is he coma inducing? He just, now don't start ripping the day, this because you're not in the broadcast anymore. That would seem so gratuitous. That would be you, sir. That would be me. Well, I'm not just starting now. From the first day I heard of my thought, kind of this guy. Got a very good voice, but boy, he sure don't know how to use it. Well, it's like if you have a very good apparatus, you know, and you just didn't know how to use it, you know what I'm saying? I don't want to get too graphic, but yeah, there are probably some guys who got a very good equipment. They just don't know how to use it. Well, there are a lot of good broadcasts that you don't like. Good broadcasts, and then you cut out that one that you don't like. So, she is. All right, well, I'm going to get ripped here, but Dave O'Brien is good. He's okay. He's generic. But everybody's generic to you. No, no, they're not. Well, today most of marginary, that's the problem. They're very few broadcasts today, whoever going to be like legendary. I mean, listen, if anybody knows from legendary, it's me. Oh, God. That's right. I know what it means to be legendary. But can you name me? Are you going to tell me that Dave O'Brien is going to be legendary? Or Boobshambe is going to be legendary? Who can say? Like a hairy carrier, a male, Allen, or a bob print, or a crude gouty, or the really famous great sportscasters? Of course not. You know your full of crap. We've been through this every time you're in there, we go through the same thing. I'm not saying that Dave O'Brien is bad. It's just that he just sounds like everybody else. That's all, yeah. So, so, wait a minute, you're saying he's not bad, but he's not legendary? That is correct. He's okay. And he's certainly not anywhere, not even close to me in his bit as Joindzel was with a marlins. Or even close. Oh, oh, oh. In the wind, golem. Did that cut out there? No, I heard it. I wish it would have. Why don't you cut your ass off? How do you like that? Joindzel was excellent, okay? Joindzel was an excellent broadcaster. I would say what you think he's good. And a lot better than Dave O'Brien will ever dream of being. And then the thing that really frost my fat ass is that they can Joindzel because Dave O'Brien put it to him like, well, I want to be the number one guy, and if I'm not the number one guy, Baba, that's what they blew out your angel. And Dave O'Brien, like two months later, says, Oh, guess what? I'm going to ESPN. Is that okay? Remember that? That's what he said. Yeah, and then went down. He gets joined while canned. And then he, you know, then he turns in the turns tail as they say, Everyone's another direction. I hope that I hope that the bird paradise P's Oliver is head, I'd he like that. Thable Bryan. Who's on my show one day back when he was a demon Joe were doing the games? He's a good guy. Very funny. I want to know that's great. There's a lot of guys that are very funny. It doesn't mean they ought to be broadcast in sporting events. I mean, if that's the best you can come up with his day of a Bryan, I rest my kid. No, I just mentioned him because he's a 90's somebody else. They think he's so good that I'm always knocking. John Miller. Who? John Miller. John Miller? Yeah. I heard him last night for a little bit. Yeah, he's got a great voice. I hadn't put him in a category of being legendary, but you would. I'm sure. I think he's very good. Good. And I like Joe Buck when he calls baseball. Not close. When he does a baseball game. You're cutting out so bad. We can't have a conversation because I can't hear you. And are they doing something about this? Is there actually somebody on the way here? Or is there somebody more importantly finding out what's going on there, boys and girls? Because on the air, I guess everything is hockey-dored. It's one way. What's the deal talking about? Of course, in your case, he's not really all that important. I hear most of what you say, but nevertheless, and would you just say, Joe Buck, you like him as baseball? Correct. Not football. I don't really like him period. He's another one very generic. Now, his dad, Jack Buck, he was a great broadcaster. He had personality. He had that gruff 40, he was great. He was in coherent for last few years, but who cares? It's so scary. Harry was in coherent for about 20 years. And you ever hear anybody not carry carry for crying out loud? Absolutely not. Or this was Harry, that's by a pivot. And then, what does the deal's that's what the deal is that? That's right. Neal Rogers. God. What the hell is that, babe? Anyway, that's not hiding. That's such a cockle guy that sounds like him. Harry hated him by poison. But anyway, I mean, they're just, they just don't make him like that anymore. All these guys are cookie cutter kind of guys. They all sound the same. They got the same kind of happy boys. They have that little little kind of like the guy we got on the morning was doing jury doing this anymore. I didn't mention name though. You know what I mean? Hey, how's it going? Everybody in the middle of the ball like that. You know what exactly the pookers? Here I'm talking about. What are you talking about? Broadcast pookers. Broadcast pookers. I can't stand pookers. Bush's chief campaign strategist as carry was right on Iraq. He was absolutely correct. The chief strategist for president Bush's 2004 election campaign wrote an editorial. It said Democratic presidential nominee Senator John Kerry was right in calling for it with your all from Iraq. Kerry was right. But never submitted the coin to an article to be published in New York Times. Well, this is published in yesterday's New York Times. This is a matter of fact. I just mentioned that in passing. The article XADTLs all lost it faith in the president details the disenging and one of the Bush campaign, most senior age, Matthew Dowd. Now, it was a keystone of the administration's efforts to portray Senator Kerry as a flip flopper who couldn't be trusted with national security during wartime. He is the first of Bush's inter-surveillance so publicly with him. According to Times, Dowd was a top strategist for Texas Democrats who were disappointed by the bill Clinton years. It was impressed by the pledge of Mr. Bush then Governor of Texas to bring a spirit of cooperatings to Washington. He switched parties, John Bush's political brain trust, and dedicated his next six years to get into the oral office and keeping them there. The Bush's chief campaign strategy in 2004, Dowd now says his faith in Bush was misplaced. He criticized the president of this family and called the nation to a shared sense of sacrifice at the time of war, failing to reach across the political divide to build consensus and ignoring the will of the people on Iraq. He said he believed the president had not moved aggressively. After all, anyone accountable for the abuses at Abugar, President Iraq, and that Mr. Bush still approached Governor with a my way or the highway mentality reinforced by a shrinking circle of trust today's. Dowd said his decision to step forward hadn't come easily, but he said his disappointment to Mr. Bush's presidency is so great that he feels a sense of duty to go public given his role in helping Mr. Bush gain and keep power. I'm a big believer that in part what we're called to do to me by God, other people call it karma, is to restore balance when things didn't turn out the way they should have Mr. Dowd said. Just being quiet is not an option when I was so publicly advocating an election. The White House Court responded through communication directed Dan Bartler to say disagreed Mr. Dowd's description of the president isolated and his position on withdrawal but said he wasn't surprised. And we never liked him anyway. He wouldn't surprise. bunch of crap. All these people are dying, all this bloodshed may him and John McHane is telling us that, oh, it's safe to walk the streets, that's how, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I noticed that even as puffed up, she kind of went down a little bit. Probably from a bomb attack and the meantime, and they're dying like flies over there and America's worried about, you know, dancing with a star's baby, dancing with a star's, that's the important stuff. 791 votes. I think we've got, I don't know, I don't know what we're going to get. At least 900. When you think Chris? Yeah, I think we can do it hopefully. Now, and I was there an engineer like working on this stuff or is it they just forgot about that out. Are you just sounded good there for like four seconds? Well, thank you. Not, I mean, good. I mean, I could understand what you were saying. I don't mean you sounded good as in like a brilliant broadcast. We'll find out when we hit break with going on. Now, that sounded good. How about you, Josh? Can you say something that I can hear it? All right, that sounds. Now, cut out. And you got to sound. I heard it, but how's that? Like that. I think you're the problem. Here's the pull result. When I vote, I hate this pull. They're right. This pull sucks. Why did I put this on there? This could be Charlie B. The all-time worst pull that I've ever been suckered into putting on here. But we do have 791 votes. I'll just read the top three things. Although, what's the honest one? I just been like being negative and hateful. Still only 16. See your line to us. Okay, we know you're lying. I'm dying. You're lying. Okay. I just like being negative and hateful should probably have like at least 500 votes. I've seen whether this like that pull if I say I hate it, 427. Sure. I hate this pull, meaning the one today, 190. 23.8% Charlie B is probably on the top, uh, he's on the ledge of his patio. I'm a 34th floor. You're ready to jump. And you know what? If I was him, I wouldn't blame him. And he'd be the one. But it would send a pull like this. And by the way, Charlie, I'll be there. Hold your hand. You get it. Because I'm the idiot that put it on there. I could have sent Eric any kind of a pull over the weekend for dinner. You know, a start to leak off on a high note. But I knew we'd have been technical a few of these, so. I was an answer to that question about engineering. Was I just fooling myself? Is that a joke or? It was a joke. Not a good one, but just a joke. God, he's just used to it. And the old Roger, shall. You'll feel... You'll feel... If you fail, it's just a joke. Yeah, ah-ha! Any question? Hey, hey! Oh, there's something on your side. The red may guys. Please don't dwell in on the day's tomorrow. Oh, you don't know where he's been. And there's been. The never get to introduce the day's tomorrow. It never gonna stop. Give it up. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Yeah, we heard it the first time. Let's go. Okay, I love an O2 at 5. 60 WQA. Anyway, I'm thinking it's gotta be on your run. I mean, you know, the audience is probably thinking, what are you talking about? Everything sounds fine. It doesn't sound fine here, you know? Wow. It's told your friend Greg is coming over there. And once he's there, him and George will confadiolate and see what they can do. During the show, after the show. After the show, well that'll be fine. Yeah, it sounds like 30. Because he's saying Greg is a real like real engineer. I mean, I know that sounds really funny to people like QA, am I? A real engineer. He's like, is that, is that like an O2? More on a real engineer. The least of the things he's saying. He's like, you know, somebody really has some clues. I think I'm going. Here's about for him. Well, the time is he coming. I suppose you know this, I suppose you sit around here. Wait, now I gotta go to the bank and bitch them out. We don't know yet. He said he'll be over as soon as he can. I guess he has one other job. He has to work real quick. Yeah. So he said, you, you two get along. So he usually calls you. He said, he said, then you cut out. He said, what? He said, you two usually get along pretty well. I guess calls you just before he gets there a little bit when he's on his way or something. No, he really doesn't do that. What I do is I leave the key with the concierge downstairs and he, you know, he gets it from them. Well, I was, George just said he usually calls you, said you know that he's on the way over or something like that. Oh, okay. Well, what do I see? What do I know? I mean, if George Corsair told you that it must be accurate. And what, what, what, what I know about it, you know? Exactly. And talk about, are you with a rock, you know? Are you people off there that are getting, you know, bored to death? I would find a boulder, you know? I go in a backyard, find some petro. I don't have to be a big boulder. I don't want you to get a hernia from trying to lift it. Just find a rock. And sit in the corner somewhere and put the rock there opposite you and sit down and look at the rock. Like it was, you know, a living and breathing thing and talk to it. Then you'll understand what it's like talking to engineering or almost most departments to QA. But I don't like that. See, George Corsair, he knows, he ever ever been in the studio. No, in his life. No, there's even no one to studio looks like. No, probably not. But nevertheless, you listen to him and don't listen to me. In a hundred and twenty two votes on the pool. We're never going to make a thousand. We knew that right up, especially considering me nature of the pool. It was pretty weaky when I put it on our yesterday. Probably most of the people who have been and said, you expect this to vote on a stupid ass pool like that. Are you crazy or what? And I said, yeah, I'm sure absolutely. What I said. Look where I work. So I guess what I'll do is I'll leave the key or not. I'll thank George again and have him call Greg. I have a really good idea. Here's a good idea. What's up? Tell George Corsair that this place will be open. I won't be here if he gets your after 1230. But the place will be open. He can come in here and posh gear around and screw around. There won't be anything valuable left behind. And not that I wouldn't trust Greg anyways. It's a great job. I'm just saying it'll be open. That's the message. We'll do. Tom, when he gets here come in have a wonderful time and fix it, please. Here's some bad news. Shattering previous records, Democrat Hillary Rotten, Clinton collected 26 million dollars for a presidential campaign during the first three months of the year. And transferred an additional time, made in from a Center Fund raising account. A. It said yesterday. No fooling. The campaign didn't specify how much of a 36 million was available. Only for the primary election. How much could be used just for the parties nominee still the total raise on distance past presidential election records. And set by a high bar. By which to measure the fundraising abilities of her campaign. They wouldn't announce how much they'd spent during those three months. And I'm as cash they still had in hand. Her closest rivals in the polls, Barack Obama, has yet to reveal his totals. John Edwards is going to announce it today. And domestic or governor Bill Riches is campaigned. She raised $6 million in primary campaign money and spent more than $5 million. Republican field grant of Texas Democrat Al Gore of Tennessee, Hold the record for first quarter receipts, 8.7 million for Grammy 1999, a five, whatever this. And whatever. So Hillary's raising money all over the place. They got the connections. They end up fixing. You know, the put to fix it. And then whoever the Republican's nominate, they'll beat the crap out of her. South Park had a very funny episode last week. I didn't see it. Yeah. So I heard. I actually heard you say that. Didn't cut out. Wow. At least I heard part of it. Then I heard. Little. Maybe Joyce is doing that. Drop in a few of those goodies in there. 823. We're going to make 900 by 1230 by ball game time. Now maybe I've got a. A bad pot. Like the return pot here from. To possibility. I doubt it. I'll give it a shot. Say something. Something. Even that cut out. Even something. Really? Yeah. And the middle. Well, maybe it is on your end then. But. What do you mean by that? I'm just. I'm just joking man. Come down. Nothing changed. Okay. Nothing has changed. It's still the same. How's the ride that it was before? And boy, you don't want to know how's the ride on Passover boy? We're all going to burn in hell. If we start a hazard is a pig. Which can mean, you know, a derogatory term for a person who eats just endlessly. And then a hazard also, you know, is a pig literally like an animal. Don't be a hazard. Don't be stealing a pizza. Don't like that. A key element of the second major report on climate change being released in Belgium is a chart that maps out the effects of global warming. Most of them bad. With every degree of temperature rise. There's one bright spot. A minimal heat rise means more food production in northern regions of the world. So before those people all drown, they're going to release to have a smile on the face. They'll be in the nice Salami sandwich. On raya, of course, with mustard and no Swiss cheese, baby, orgent and Dutch-Eloce salami and Swiss. Mmm. That is so trough. Not for pace off. Don't be no salami and Swiss. I mean, if you eat it ordinarily, you're going to burn in hell. But on Passover. Wow. The Lord will smoke you man. He'll stick that nasty ugly finger to one with that. Hang the alot and he'll just kick your ass. However, the number of species going your stink rises with the heat as this. The number of people who may starve are face water shortage or floods according to the projections in the Grandford Port obtained by the associated press. Some scientists now in a way to adhere this. This is not what you call uplifting. If you're one of those people, it's like a weak sister and you get very easily depressed. Turn it down for a few seconds. Some scientists are calling this degree by degree projection a highway to extinction. Oh my god. Okay. Turn it back up now. Oh boy. Not too loud though. It's likely to be the source of sharp clothes during the baits. Some scientists say along with a multitude of other changes and issues in the 20-champtured draft report from the intergovernmental panel of climate change. While the wording in the draft is almost guaranteed to change if this week's meeting in Brussels, several scientists say the focus won't. Brussels, Belgium, that's the place I got to get to. Maybe this time. Maybe on this trip. You can get on the train and Amsterdam. I think it's an hour and a half in good Brussels. Well go for it then. Two and a half hours in good a colon. Well I'd say anything. And now see it's the second of April. A lot of people are planning their summer and the fall vacations right now. Let me recommend enthusiastically if you've never been to Colone Germany. Let me just tell you right now you will love it. Oh brother. Oh I'll go next week. I'm telling ya. I'm talking about slippers like you. I'm talking about people that got a few bucks. They aren't bouncing checks because they deposit a cash. Do you know how that pisses me off? Do you have any idea? I can imagine because I got like you with a big bucks. It should be the end of the world but it's just an annoying. It's just aggravating. And it makes you look like some kind of a slipper. Right. How long can they hold your money before they finally say, Oh well we guess we got it here. I guess we got the envelopes. Think it's like as of in the 10 days. 7 to 10 days they hold cash. If they want to, sure what I'm going to. How about 7 to 10 months based on what you're saying if they want to? I got something they can hold. The final document will be the product of the new one. That work of 2000 scientists are the authors and reviewers along with representatives of more than 120 governments as last minute. It will be the second of a four-final authoritative assessment of the earth's kind of being released this year. Andrew Weaver, a climate scientist with University of Victoria and British Columbia, and he said the charter results from various temperature levels is a highway to extinction, but on this highway there are many turn-offs. Yeah there's a lot of turn-offs all right. This is showing you where the road is heading. The road is heading toward extinction. Log humanity will survive hundreds of millions. Maybe billions of people may not according to the chart if the worst scenarios happen. And it goes on. It's very depressing. But it would be put up. The one good thing is we're all going to be dead long since when that happens. We're all going to be dead and buried. Each and every one of us, and that uplifting, we're doomed. And that's because the Lord works in mysterious ways. He didn't want to give you a long life. He wanted to give you a miserable life. That's God for you. He works in mysterious ways. Yeah, I hate full of nauseous ways. Okay, here's the pool. Now you guys should have talked me to changing because I'm too embarrassed to even read it. But I'll try. I'll try. You listen to not hurt us when we said that. No, that was cutting out. 834. Oh, it's when I vote. I hate this pool. What are you really saying? I genuinely like that one pool. 443. Well, I mean, I can handle it if I believe that. But I don't. I hate this pool. Meaning the one we're talking right now. 211, 24.1%. I don't hate the pools. I don't want to. That's kind of a stupid answer right there. I mean, there must be something like that like this one. How can you not hate it? I hate it. I hate Neil because he won't pull me in this world. 21. I just like being negative and hateful 19. I hate everybody and everything. 15. I hate Neil's opinion. 7. Well, you're mama. You mama's so socks and hell. I ain't that swell. I hate Neil because I'm a right wing a whole fine. I hate myself for continuing listening to Neil three. I hate myself three. I hate the world three. I hate Neil because he rejected me as a my space friend too. I wonder who that could be. Huh? Um. I didn't reject him. He just a reject. He just a phony. He's a fake. There's plenty of fakers on there. Fakers and Quakers and shakers and the trouble makers. Anything what you deal with people are anonymous. I've got 1300. My space friends. Okay. Let me finish reading the pull. I'll make my point. Uh, I hate Neil too. I hate Neil because I'm religious not one. I hate Neil because he hung up on me none. I hate Neil's success none. A 41. We have 1300. My space friends. Okay. Yeah. Out of those 1300, I have one person. One new legitimate friend that I know and have met and is a good friend. What the hell? Well, how many did we have? What do you mean? I think it was like two or three the last time. I'm not talking about somebody I've met. Somebody I know. Oh, he says he is. Okay. Somebody who's a living and breathing. Stupid as human being. A great guy. Uh, but even if he wasn't a great guy, just a real person. A person who is who he says he is. Did I'm saying one. Plus there were a couple of people. I knew I mean like KJ and his wife were on there and like chicken and me. Gail and so you know, but it does have people already knew. But I'm talking about if these new. I used to word friends loosely, you know, friends. I've got one. That's not a good batting average out of 1300. Is it now? Yeah. Now do you want to say that and the nimony factor? I hear you man. That's my space. That's what you get from it. And I can hear some of what you're saying to me. Baby. All right. All right. All right. All right. Better to go over here for your friends and the computer. Hey, just to be on the map. It's like the kids may have a vulnerability that's the damn effect. It's anything that's looking at. You might have seen the change in the game. When we've had to find people to make things. No more than a piece. No more than a piece. No more than a piece. No more than a piece. All you've got is the end of the wire house of something up. Bush, give you a little bit of a tweet over the computer. Better to go over here for your friends and the computer. Hey, just to be on the. All you have to do is a line of up of something up. Bush, give you a little bit of a tweet over your friends and the computer. Hey, just to be on the. Oh. 119. 60 WM. It's just a Marlon warm up today. Marlon pregame show 12 30 for opening day. Maybe. Oh, yes. Opening day. Take me out to the ball game. I probably should play that. Should we? We're hairy intensive there for one. That's right. We should play. We're taking fast. No, no, no. See. He's out. I had it. It's just one of those days, man. Just one of those days. Where the hell is it? I'm in hell. Oh, one. Oh, two. Oh, three. Three. Three. All to the ball game. Take me out to the ball. Oh. Why me something that's right back? Good luck. Oh, I don't care. Bye. Bye. Go back all the truth. We're good for the call. Be it, if they go, we're good to shame. Oh, three. Three. Three. Three. Three. Three. Oh, oh. Yeah. I got to be honest with you. I don't really know if that's really was him. It sounds like it was really him. That's like an imitator. Where are we? Yeah. That was the, I'm just sick of. Yeah, I'll bet. I think pickled is what he was trying to say. He's just pickled. Well, he was a bad drunk as what they said about Harry. And that was made him who he is, man. Yeah, I would think that's a good point. He was a bud man. In fact, don't we have that line in there. I'm pretty sure. I do. Somewhere. But he, he fell down. He was in a drunken stupor and some bar on a road trip. And he hit his head and had like some kind of a thing. I don't know. Oh, here it is. I'm a couple. I don't know about that. I trust you, I too. Oh, yeah. Sure. 852 votes on a full. That was quite a time, man. Let me tell you about our trip to a wily field. And the show we did from Murphy's leaps is across the street there. We're seven and empty bar and talking to myself. Well, and then they brought in Bob Brenley for more San Francisco Giants catcher and a really bad, uh, cubs radio announcer. Bad, even you degree with that. Bad. I, yeah. Terrible. And I talked to him about the cubs and of course, to nobody in South Florida gave a crap about the cubs. That was nice going Disney. And that's because Disney was from Chicago. And that's why we went there and did a show on the first place. Because nobody in South Florida gave a who now cared about the cubs. I did. But nobody else did, but that was his idea of a great, uh, a great time. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. I'll screw you right now. I remember, uh, red nose the root of all reindeer. That's him. So we got the engineer coming today. And I'm sure that by tomorrow everything will be there. Think it's just fine. Oh, you're sure of that? No. I'm just trying to sound optimistic. Okay. Um, as the check shows up next week, I'll be, have, and we'll be around anyway. Well, that's really something. It's really something. And of course, when you've been bouncing checks because they didn't count your cash, you can't afford to be having checks sitting around in, uh, you know, in mailbox somewhere. I'll be in my regular mailbox, then anybody go right from looking for my check. I won't be in there. You know, those kids that mess with people's mailboxes, those kids need to be murdered. Right on TV. I say, you get her out of the lot of, uh, out of the freezer and put his ass on there. And he can host the show when they take all the kids that posky with people's mailboxes and kill them all. One by one. No. No. I must confess I did do that as a child. Oh, I'm sure that. I had no doubt about that. I had, I had one in the back of a pickup and I, I gave my best, you know, Barry Bonds Swing and knocked one off with a baseball bat. Yes. What an, what an A hole. Well, you know, I was a, I was a dumb man, expect that. You were Jackass. Right. That's the kind of thing Jackass is to do. That's what 13 year olds do, man. Oh, you were 13. Well, you know, now that guy is, uh, oh, and you know who it is. I forget to hell. I saw his picture on my space. I'm trying to think of which is really ugly guy. It's someone that's got the house for you. Oh, he's worked some kind of, oh, you sound him on my space. No, I didn't, I, I, I, I, I, I look. He said a message. Well, what, what do you put it that way? I found him on my space. Why do you, why do you put that? You know what I meant. I didn't mean you were searching for him. Now you saw it. Okay. Now all of a sudden, I'm telling the problem corrected itself. Praise the Lord. Probably not. Maybe it's taking a rest. It's just trying to mess with you. Ah, they just cut off at the very end of that. It's just trying to, like that. And the people who are listening on the radio and also online, even I think, what is the old queen talking about it, sounds as fine to us. Well, good for you. Wait a minute, isn't there some shit coming into tomorrow or something? Oh, that's right. Now allegedly, but you know something, there's another talk about a mystery man. George is close personal friend. Christopher, who's another one of our my space mystery people. You know, seriously, I've got people on there that I've talked to at length, like Brandon for example, and I don't want him to get all all I have in a day message from him today. Maybe he's actually doing some work. But I've never met him. I don't have his phone number. I have a last name that he gave me, which is fine. At least that's something, you know. I've less than the Christopher gave me, too. Why? I was going to ask if you wanted his phone number. You've got one who's phone number. That guy you were just talking about Brandon? Yeah. And what does that mean the way you say that? Do I want to do I want to do I want to do I want to do it with Brandon? I don't think so. I really don't think so, okay? Because he's, you know, he's not interested. I'm not interested in dealing with anybody that don't want to do it with me, okay? Why do you have to bring that up? Why does everything that I talk about? All of a sudden come back to Diddler. Okay? I haven't said one more to about your Russian girlfriend and the fact that you're turning into a human pin cushion. I haven't said anything about that. What are you talking about? I don't know. I just started sounding good. Okay. Maybe we did a cutout. That's probably what she's thinking. Cut it out. 861 votes. So anyway, I did see the guy and he's, no, my point being is that just like Mike from FSU, now I can favor him. He's going to London to study for a few weeks and I give him a whole I tend to wear there and go and answer them. To the move of the hotels and about all kinds of stuff. That was another guy. And I'm pretty sure he's for really as we say. When you're dealing with students like that, although not necessarily. You know what I mean? Yeah. Until you actually either have met somebody or spoke of them, have a first name, a last name, a phone number, a shoe size and a dress. You don't know for sure who you're talking to. And now you know that. Yes, that is true. That is true. How do you verify it? So anyway, Christopher claimed that there was this win and I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I assume she's a waitress. I don't know what she does. I think she's a hooker is what I think. Oh, well, I really want to be a team then. She must be because he's a kind of in that business. But anyway, I have nothing from him either. He's another one. He's a fan of some people that, you know, he shows up here for a couple of days. And then, uh, and then all of the sudden disappears for a while. He's busy. So we'll see. I think that'll be something we look forward to is a getting equipment, uh, all working on both ends again, which I'm holding my breath. Not see what I'm going to do is after the show at 12 30 when a Marlon game comes on. I'm going to go over to the bank. I'm going to find out who what would the vice president or whoever the highest official is sitting there on her ass during lunch hour. And I'm going to go in there and pee under desk. And then I'm going to start getting angry. I'm going to go back to Canada. You do bastard. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Where is the book by the book? No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm going to go back to Canada. Uh-huh. Where is the book by the book? I don't get no drugs蒙s, you dash straps. When you go, doors closed. Who are you going to do business? Oh I know. You gotta drive this instead of your�. We're signing the ads from my door. Guys, doors closed. You know, doors closed. Put the roof over. Put the roof open. Put the roof open, turn on the doors. Oh, that's not enough. Good old old couple sent a certain new pie. And when you go toy toy, no way. Who is? That's what you're funny at a cancer rescue. Oh, that's what you're funny at a cancer rescue. Who's toys toy toy toy toy toy? Who's toys toy toy? Who's toys toy toy? Who's toys toy toy? Who's toys toy? Who's toys toy? Who's toys toy? Who's toys toy? Who's toys toy? Who's toys toy? Who's toys toy? Who's toys toy? Who's toys toy? Who's toys toy? Who's toys toy? Oh, we missed the old times boy. Like we missed a gigantic tumor. It's 1132 at 5.60WQ. So anyhow, let's see, 883. Yeah, 883. We've got a shot actually. You know, if you're really pushed to Chris, I'm glad that Josh has gotten opportunity to see how he, you pushed the appall the way you Josh used to do it. Yeah, I actually thought his fault. Yeah, his fault for screwing up the things. He said that the Paul stinks. People don't want to vote on it. Now, I actually heard what you just said. I mean, I mean, uninterrupted by glitches and bitches and hitches. You think this thing is fixed itself out? Oh, no. No. Sounded good right there. Oh, we can't always test it. No, it's right there. Just cut out. So anyway, hard facts, as he says, most ATMs are serious by private companies. Like, brings a Wells Fargo. There are, so there are some time delays. Well, excuse me, okay. How many days would you like before somebody makes a cash deposit in the ATM? How many days would you like before you find a credited to their account? But third man. I mean, online it was credited in there as part of the total, but not available. Do you know what I mean? Yes, really two different numbers available amount and balance. Wow. And in my case, I think it's had unbalanced. I think that we're trying to tell me something. I'm going to go in there and go to P on our desk. I'm going to turn the desk upside down on top of her ass. And then I'm going to start getting angry. And if there is one kind of business man, monkey business that I cannot stand, it's banks, including the one I have down there. So I'm not going to go into who it is on the air anymore, because obviously they spent a lot on the honorary estate. And if I do that, oh my god, Neil said it again. We got kiss on. So I can't say, see. You know what I'm talking about? Probably. I didn't say which bank I'm just saying in general speaking. And also speaking of people who are like in confident, is rate Perry still worked there with that radio station? Yes, he does. Well, I'm under a word where my Marlon tickets are. Not that I'm going to be using them anytime soon. Since they don't, well, once at home, open her next week, I believe. Yes, the sixth Friday, the sixth, which would be a Friday. Yes, and I'll be going on vacation Friday. So I certainly will be going to that game. In fact, I won't be going to any games, but I have friends who might want to go. Where's my Marlon tickets? Rate Perry. Where's the Marlon tickets? Hot, shot. I don't know, but I like rate Perry. He's, he's getting me a blackberry. I'm getting a blackberry. He's getting you a blackberry? That's right. In the big time, buddy. When you know something that would be really nice, then you would not like me text messaging back and forth all day. Text you that while you're losing it, would buy it? That could be some of the days. I could say, hey, it lost my ass, pal. Or something like that. No, I like text messaging. I think it's a neat form of a communication. I like it. I mean, I'll see your emails on there. But emails, see, first we had the snail mail, okay? And the moment the emails, which is fine. And I've text messaging, which I'm sure that all the kids anybody with cell phone has got. Well, don't you already do that on your cell phone? Very vaguely. Very vaguely. I mean, I'm not a big fan of doing it. I kind of, why not? Well, I don't have a black barrier. You know, I have a regular phone. So it's kind of a pain. Who's just like, I'll for you? I've got a few friends who have regular phones. They text me on my blackberry. We have a lot of people with blackberries. And these side kicks these days got a little keyboard. And they can write like a paragraph. I'm not in, I'll give you a yes or a no kind of thing answer. You know? A yes or a, a **** answer you cannot when you said no. That's it. So, in other words, you're going to not even write back like a sentence? No, yeah, probably. I'm pretty really sentenced as the most I'll go. Well, why is it so difficult? I mean, I don't need to write an email from my, from my little cell phone. Here, you know what I'm saying? And I'm talking about when you're too blackberry. Well, though, that would be different. I'm not going to waste my time texting you. If I'm going to get back a yes or a no. To me, to me, yes or no is not. I don't think you're going to waste your time texting me. Why not? How much you want a bet? How much don't want to bet anything? Well, when you get in your blackberry, I don't know. Probably in a week. Well, I get back to me when you get it. Okay, like my Marlin ticket. It's the same crap. It's another QAM scam. I'll be like Miguel. I'll just keep your Marlin ticket. I'll go talk to you right about it. You better get Miguel's hands out of my Marlin ticket. It's okay. You don't tell me that right now. You're putting you in charge of it. You better keep that fixed hands off of my damn Marlin tickets. Or there's going to be hell to pay. Okay. I like Miguel is a good guy, but nevertheless, I check all my space outlets there. Christopher and he's just vanish. I mean, he's the profile still there, but he isn't responding. Now, like he hasn't responded for like a day or a couple days. A couple days. A couple days. And I'm talking about in terms of what we were just saying about Gwen coming in with the food and all the other BS that he's been promising for weeks. And in fact, Gwen first, first time he talked about his lady friend. She had a different name. Then all of a sudden she was Gwen. Also, yeah, if there were the isn't a person either, she's another one with fans of names or maybe there's and we would such a person after all. Yeah, it's just got bogus. You got one? It just got bogus to me. Uh, eight and ninety five on a full minute. We got, I think we really have a shot of the thousand. We need 105 votes in 52 minutes. That's just, that's about average what we usually need about two a minute. Wait, can you say that again? How many minutes? 52. That's a wonderful thing to say. See, fan people they don't like to work. I have no problem working, but, you know, yeah, oh yeah, I can tell. Nine headred votes. Now see, now it was a nice chunk. Just came in there. Now they're starting to give me their support. Even though this full is crap. And I know one, see that? Really make it a move. And I got my music off to you up here for a, oh, God, no other thing. Bad show. That right there. We're going to be doing it. You don't like that for the ball game. So many a minute. Yes, no minute. You don't, that's something, I think it's kind of nice. See anything wrong with that. I could play it good times because George is on vacation this week. In fact, I got it on here on the same disk. I don't know why he hates that theme. What's wrong with that theme? I think it's just fine. You think I'll hit above water? I just love it. I love it. I might play that instead. So you have to stay tuned for the pre-game show. Then you can turn it right off. Oh, come on. This isn't one of those exhibitionist games. This is opening day boys in girl. Right. Everybody get all whipped up about it. We love them, Harley. Especially when they played early in the middle of the week. Come on. You're going to watch a little baseball this year. You know, you are. I'm going to want what's to you come out again. You're going to watch a little baseball this year. I know you are. See the word cut. I'm going to watch baseball. Yeah. No. See you weren't there toward the end of the last week when I was talking about the fact that you couldn't pay me. See, that's why maybe you watch, you see, you watch a little bit of last night. The medicine the card. And we'll see. I couldn't even tell you who the mess were playing. That's how much interest I had. And who was doing the go. Yeah. John Miller. He's he's good. He's okay. I just don't like his fake excitement. I just, you know. But I mean, like with the Orioles, he was good. But the Orioles had Chuck Thompson was even better. And then the guy that I can't think of his name. And nobody knows who I'm talking about. Who does the Orioles now? Who's great. Great broadcast. And I can't think of his name. I know that rumor was very jealous of him. You know, he doesn't do it. Now he does the watch. And he's not going to do it. So if anybody can't you get all these broadcasts online or do you have to have like serious effects on him? I mean, I could Google him. I don't know which one. Yeah, do the watch TV guy. Yeah. Okay. You'll tell me the guy's name and immediately. I'll say, yeah, that's the guy. He's great. He's not good. He's great. 9.0. Wait on the pull by the way. We need 92 votes in 15 minutes. We can do it. Just came into my mind. Did you find it? I had somebody else. You did what? I had somebody else. Well, that ain't the right one. What you said, TV didn't you? Yeah. Watch the nationals. Yeah. What does it say in your thing? Well, the play by play guy is Bob Carpenter. And who Mel practice not listed there? Not all. There's a bunch. There's three other guys on here, including Don Sutton and Charlie Slows and some other turd. But I know. I didn't get that. Well, no, no, probably maybe I didn't. They're website. They're for American. And you got our base. Stand by for news. Abigail McGillman and elderly woman answered a knock at the door. One day, only to be confronted by a well-dressed young man, carrying a vacuum cleaner. I'll say it again. The young man was carrying a vacuum cleaner. Good morning. Said the man, if I could take a couple of moments of your time, I'd like to demonstrate the very latest and high powered vacuum cleaners. Go away. Said Abigail. I haven't gotten any money. And she proceeded to close the door. Quick as a flash. The young man wedged his foot in the door and pushed it wide open. Don't be too hasty. He said to Abigail. Not until you have at least seen my demonstration. With that, he emptied a bucket of horse manure onto her hallway carpet. If this vacuum cleaner does not remove all traces of horse manure from your carpet madam, I will personally eat the remainder. Abigail stepped back and chuckled into the while I hope you've got a damn good appetite because they cut off my electricity this morning. Paul Harvey. Good day. Good day. Now, practice a long time TV sportscaster working for among others the Baltimore Orioles. Washington, that San Diego Padres and LA Clippers. At various points in his career, he also did radio play by playing as we're working for the Washington Bullets and the New Jersey nets in the 80s. Practice was played by playing out for the Washington Nationals baseball. Teaming was former major league run darling. I think that's why I got candy, kept con of darling. During the middle-end of sports now, didn't return for the 2006 season though. He's well known for making practical jokes on the year and meeting stats out of the media guide. Whatever that means. He's a great broadcast. He either got candy or he retired into a something like that. You never heard him out of proctor? Yes, I have. When was that? You mean just for me now or in the pan? No, I've heard him before. You've heard him? I've heard of him, yes. But you never heard his work though. I probably have. He's excellent. From Indus broadcast. 919 votes on the pool. We're going to do it. We're going to make a thousand by 1230. If it's the last thing we do, baby, I'm going to show you guys a lesson. The old time we're here, huh? The old farce is going to roll up his sleeves. Of course, I got a short sleeve shirt. You know, that's one thing I have a fetish about long sleeve shirts. We do you guys ever wear long sleeve shirts when I go out dressed up, I will. Like in a zoo to go now, go like down to like a collar, you know, long sleeve shirt. Yeah, like a button down collar. Right. And a real fancy fancy like with a tie. No, God no. And a crovat. A lot. And a vest. I don't even know what that is a crovat. I don't know. I don't even know how you said. I know it's very very distinguished. It's like some of the brits do, you know? Like the brits that have the monochole, you ever see those old-time movies where the brits had the monochole and silly the brits are silly. They always have been always will be. 900, let me refresh it one more time. This is going to be right out of the wire. And on pass pass over no less, pace off. When all the Jews of course, on burden health, they go down to pulpit. That's only after sunda. Your safe collector sunda. You got pace off and then we got Easter. Good Friday on Friday and Easter sunda on sunda. And we're all going to go out and roll the Easter eggs in the front lawn. And Easter bunnies going to come hop hop on the lawn. Such a bunch of stupid crap, man. 920, where 80 votes short, we got 12 and 30, 52, 52 minutes for 80 votes. Can he do it? Because that would really make us rock solid. You do that. You're like, oh sure. Now during the last break, I took it the beginning of the break. I actually cut out, I thought it was just gone. The audio from down there just for like several seconds. So they actually trying to do something. Is that what that tells me? Or is it just that the thing is getting deteriorating, getting worse and worse. And Brandon, by the way, says, Josh couldn't find my phone ever with a help of the FBI. He sent you some kind of a cost of message. Okay? It'll be not good. Brandon is a good guy. He's a little mysterious, but people aren't having to be mysterious. He's a good guy. He's a fine human being. And about your question, I would go with option B. What was that? That they're not working on. It's just deteriorating at the moment. No, I just there until you got through saying the moment, it was fine. But then I could do a little burp there at the end. Yeah. A little a little one. From talking to George, it seems like they've done what they can think of here. Once this Greg is there and they kind of talking to him back and forth. They'll try to do that. That was one forget. We all engineer on a case. And then we'll get it fixed. What he's trying to say. Again. That's terrible. Did you pass along my message about he can just come right on in? Yes, I did. You can play the rooftop singers walk right in, sit right down. On 920 feet votes on a pool we need 77 and we have 11 and 41 minutes. That's us in two a minute. This crowd can do it. They will come through for me. You'll see. And one of the reasons they're going to come through is because they're still even also regular season game. And it's opening day. A lot of people out there are still really pretty peo. They'd rather hear that last hour and a half of the legendary New Roger show. They'll go. As opposed to some stupid ball game. But it'll be nice. Because we may chance to go over the bank and raise holy hill. Now see. I mean, nobody know I'm American because they got, you know, all my info in there. But Canadians generally. I mean, I've seen some people get pretty pissed off here about various things. But generally are like two palites, especially trontonians, very polite, very low key. And to go in and make a scene like that would be very uncannabian, eh? No. In other words, if you go into the supermarket and you get pushy in the, you know, you're like the fourth person online. And the cancer is dittling around and dork it around or the person who's up there now is like fumbling through is change little change thing and try to find the exact same. And you start getting impatient. They're looking to say, well, I must be an American. No. Now I'm just telling you, that's not making that up. That's just the way it is. So every Canadian is just easy going. I wouldn't say every Canadian. I mean, some of the hockey players have a temper on them. Get a little pissed off. And some of them are done with then saw to us like the knees pop fan who's belly a kinema. Oh, that was really great by any. By no for it. That was really cool. That what he did. That was real. You got to love that. Yeah, you got to love the stupid penalty you got to for it. That cost in the game at overtime. You stupid, dumb for all of you. You idiot. You simple. Got to see a moron. Ed Tancer. That's 10, not 10. The I were just starting to serve it around bush. Err against ignorance and competence and responsibility are just for many words which could describe the White House of Mr. Administration of President Bush and his crew who so rapidly transformed the ship of state into a power chip. Now Bush's ship is riddled with cannon fire and deservedly sinking and one conservative public and nobody is sinking in the possibility of impaging the president. Senator Chuck Hagle of Nebraska, Vietnam War veteran and possible presidential contender in 2008, said in the April of the International S. Square magazine that bush was widely considered himself unaccountable for his mistakes, manned density and misadventures. You can impeach him and before this is over, he might see calls for his impeachment said that he probably can spell word. Actually, calls for the impeachment of the Bush-chady regime have run long and loud free years from the anti-war movement. As a so often the case, American dissidents are far ahead of political leaders of either of the two major corporate political parties in this country. Now because of such bushling scams and scandals as the law of the country. Hello? Yes? What happened? We get to go. What happened? Hello? Hello? Oh, don't tell me you lost the line, am I gone? They must be on its guard beyond that end. Am I back? Still off? Oh. You can hear that? Hello? Hello? Hello? Can you hear me? Can you hear me? Are you hearing me at all? Is it cut out? Is it on? Are you giving me a high side? No, sir. Are you there now? I'm here. Oh my God. Oh, well, that was interesting. What happened? Did you get any of that? Didn't I get any of what? I heard the music you were playing. Oh, man. Because we lost you. The reason why we lost you is because they decided to not tell us that they were switching. So we're hearing pre-game without hearing you at all. I was hearing Dave. Yeah, we're hearing Dave and them down the line. We weren't hearing boring. I was right in the middle of the important article about impeaching Dan Bush for Cornelau and I got a Schmidt candidate. I was sitting how long was I off for Cornelau? I heard you say that. They were. Everybody else was hearing you. George and I weren't hearing you. I mean, Josh and I weren't hearing you. So, in other words, everything you read got me out of the audience. It's a bonus today. The audience is sitting here with me just fine. It's just that I can't hear anything half the time because it's cutting up. And you're not hearing anything because they switched something on your ass there. What do they? I don't understand. What do they mean? They like normally we run through the board in the other room. Yeah. But if they want to, they can change and make this room QAM and they do stuff like in every court spots, whatever in the other room. Well, they decided to do that without telling us. So I can switch it over here. So we're hearing what's coming out over there. So instead, Josh and I are just hearing like, you know, Dave Ben, you know, everything. Oh, I'm yeah. Well, you know. And we're not hearing you. But the radio station had you going up there. So everything you said went out to all of our one of the songs. I could have finished my damn story. It was an important story for Christ. I'm pace off, no less. I think it's a damn QAM conspiracy. Yeah, probably. I think the Nazi party is behind it if you ask me. I think a bunch of fascists loaded takes our behind it. I think that bitch from the bank. I think Wells Fargo is behind today. Oh, look at that. The superintendent should call police is resigned. Well, that's big news. Look at that big fat. My god. Look, that's a cop. He makes me look like rumple still skin on a bad day. Makes me look like a hummingbird in heat. Now what's the story on a pole? I don't want to get this thing screwed up because they can't hear me. But they could hear me. You just couldn't. Yeah, they could hear you weed. Well, that's good. That's what's important. I couldn't give a crap less if you can hear me. We're not. That's tyranny i imagine it's very harsh. Aん, a little pros and cons, certainly. For the 91icrowds, we need 61 votes in 35 minutes. That's less than two a minute. That's no problem. 940. Oh, nice chunk. I remember I used to work in 94iought with W-1z When it was a good station, one was worthless thing too. Because I was on it. Does that sound a little arrogant and it gets� testable? Absolutely good. do that again on Wednesday. I think they got to play every day at 12th through. I think 1115 sounds good to me. What are you taking me? I like to relax by having Mary Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12th one hour. Hey. Keeps in there. Go and help. Where you go? 515. That's the 50th. Get me. 1, 2, 1. The Gunner. The two listeners and artists will be excited here. Come, come, come. Come, come, come. Come, come, come. One day. Come, come. Come. It's so sports related. Oh no, sports related. That's what makes it funnacle. Fun 140. Yeah, funny for us to giggle. Here it is, gentlemen. Both of you out there. I'll try to get the vice-tor. So do you think the principals need to go up climb? Yeah, I do. I think I do, play after me. Alright, alright. And then the results will matter. Do I do something to pong הא�on my balls? I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I'm a good man, I your 60s to. I'm right. And I'm pretty sure 9.59 in the full. I'm not going to be the pull result because it's a bad pull. If we can do a thousand by 12.30 on this pull, that's going to be a real feather in your back dome camp. Whoever you are. Whoever wants to take credit for it. I would want to take credit for this pull on any circumstances. 9.62. Notice how every time we change this now when I refresh it, they're coming in a nice big chunks. 9.62. 38 votes in 20 minutes. That's not even close to two minutes anymore. See how the ratio is coming down nice? It's sympathy votes. So I'm just going to ignore you. I think you're under a lot of pressure because Josh is there this week and wants his old job back. Oh, no, I thought it was good. He is there in the, you are there. I'm here, man. I don't know. I mean, every now and then. But he think I wouldn't. Who knows? You could be wandering around the building. Beat engineers with a baseball bat. I have no idea. Maybe like a, I can mail boxes down again. I have no idea. I'm going to have to like censor this next story. It's on our website. Islamic countries can sub Jesus's chocolate covered. Is the headline. Jesus Christ. Yeah, I can't read the word. Spell. I'm going to, I'm going to print. Spell it. No, yeah. I'm not going to spell it either. See. Oh. Islamic countries want to ban speech to defend religious sensibilities. You want to know why? Because their religion sucks and they can't defend it. So it's saying. So instead of engaging others in the marketplace of ideas, they try to point out what speech they can't counter. They pushed your resolution in the human rights castle that prohibits any speech that a fence is long. That is so stupid. Oh, if I offended you, I guess I should be banned then. Meanwhile, over here in this part of Never Neverland, the Catholic Cresies are all freaked out of where chocolate Jesus. So what? I just don't get it. I'm being literal. I don't understand what's offensive about a chocolate Jesus. I didn't read the part of the Bible. It talks about not making grave images of Lord and chocolate. And it's possible since the Bible's got so many other things that are institutionally nuts I wouldn't rule it out. Why does anyone care that it's in chocolate? I understand when people were freaked out when an artist covered the Virgin Mary and cow done. That's feces. It doesn't take a rocket scientist. The biblical verse works to figure that one out. It's offensive about chocolate. The other part of this so-called chocolate Jesus controversy is his penis. Apparently he has one. That's not what it says here. It's got another word. Apparently he has one. Someone hide the children. It turns out humans have penises. No, you don't say. My guess is that if Jesus actually existed, he would get a good bugle laugh out of people being offended that he had a penis. You don't worry about feeding the poor or anything like that. Just obsess over Jesus's chocolate covered penis. I'm sure that's what the good Lord would have wanted. So as the argument that Jesus didn't have one, or people offended because it was too big, too small, too immaculate, not immaculate enough. Nope to crazy Christians. May your humans have penises. I know that causes a giant shock in disappointment to you, but I swear you have to get used to it. And yes, even your Lord and Savior had one, even if he never used it. By the way, if Jesus never had an orgasm, the whole time he was alive, no premierable sex, no masturbation, he must have walked around with a biggest, he wretched in creation. How do you depict blue balls in chocolate? Since, yeah, I could have to like dance around the edges of the story. Are you following this so far? Oh, yeah, definitely. Good. Since Jesus is an also a prophet in Islam, I guess I killed two holy birds with one heretical stone here. I've offended thee. What can you do? Here's the part you don't understand. I don't believe in your voodoo. So I don't care that I'm offending your mythical non-existent gods. Covered in chocolate with balls that they collect. There's no tomorrow. It's like getting mad at me for a fending Zeus and Artemis. I don't care they don't exist. Considering their feelings is beyond preposterous. I'm not living near fantasy world. It must be noted that in this case, the Muslims are even more wrong than the Christians. The Catholics are being super goofy, but ultimately who cares about their bruised feelings. If the Norths were pissed off, it may be because I made fun of their fruit covered through when they rasp-bird penis. I wouldn't much care either. But when the Muslims try to quite all these sent because they can't make a halfway decent argument in favor of their religion, they cross a line. You're allowed to have your wacky and dangerous ideas. If I'm allowed to have my reasonable ones. When you try to take away our right to speak, that ends the conversation, that's the free flow of ideas when it comes to an end. Even though I think your ideas have led to the senseless deaths of millions of Canadians, I still wouldn't prohibit them. I don't need to. Their astronaut will ultimately be defeated. I believe in the power of reason and long one. I runically that the devout don't have faith in their faith. That's why they have to cross descent. That's what they've been doing for centuries now. Both Muslims and Christians have been killing people that challenge their orthodoxy for the last 2000 years. Remember the Catholic Church in prison, Galilee, or when he said he riffled around the son. While Galilee was said in prison, the earth still revved around the son. Funny how that works. You can prohibit certain speech that you want, but it doesn't make it any less true. So you take your food and I'll take a reasonable logic. You can't let the city be logical battle. I might not win in the short term because humanity is an infant that's still struggling to open its eyes. But ultimately my victory is inevitable unless of course it will lead to this kill us all first. You can make all the loony to an argument you like and you can even line over cartoons in my hand or chocolate covered Jesus's. But when you say I'm not even allowed to speak back, well that's fighting words. Nice going sank. What a good article huh? Jesus will be chocolate. Yeah that's right. That's what Ray Nagan had said. Nucklehead. I chocolate Jesus. He's going to come to know leans and get drunk on his ass. Because that's all I might never went to New Orleans for anyways. Get late and get drunk, which most people probably knew that at home. At least part of that. 970 or 4 volts boy we are going to do it and I bet you I bet you even Joanne will be proud. I remember we took a poll. I was just back and I would do was our kids. I guess it was on QAM. How long go to Joanne? I'll get canned. Would you say? You were take how long's been probably four years? Oh yeah so definitely on QAM. I remember we took a poll about your favorite Marlon broadcast. Joanne joined by a mile hands down. Not even close. He was great barcester. He thanked me on here. He didn't mention my name but he said the poll takers and whatever. He actually knows my existence. Which I would imagine that you're going to be a day van for what it is. No, no, no, no, no, no. He probably said that fat fat. You know what I like that. Well all you do is bash him. But I did tell you that John Miller likes you. Yeah. Of course. All the real broadcasts just love me. Harry Carrey love me came on a show. Joanne loves me. The voice of the pathetic Toronto Maple Leafs who lost 72 to the Rangers last night. Well I talk about a choke job. My god. Not as bad as the Panthers though man. That was really weak. And there's a dumb frog Denise Fockman. Fockpan. Opening up a big mouth. Oh, that was great. And you got to love that. Yeah. You got to love one. Somebody gets a stupid two minute pilot penalty for like put on the old swan dive routine and overracting. Of course when he gets to be as old as any, he gets to be a little seen out. I know. And all about getting old. 97, 23 votes in 21 minutes. Man, if we can't do that, we're hanging it up. Stick it. Goodbye. Scooter. Living. Living. Living. Living. You out and secret aching something. You've been got a kill. Like the King of the trees and his shoes. Can't pick your boyfriends in the twos. Looks like it's time for Smithing. I'd like to ask working under him dig. From your vantage point. Does Jamie have a mole on his hand? Correct. Remember, remember, back to him. Here we go again. I never will be your comment. Who is behind the fins of head? Who never knows how many aches die cause of your teeth? Oh, with us, we know that there's no other choice. When you see yourself, they change your past and why they say, rhymes with that and you. 1214 at 560 WQ and some exciting days. Opening day, take me out to the ballgame. You can smell the Josh Strapshen, the gloves, and the baseballs, and the ointment, and the litiment, and whatever. Can't you? No. Of course not, the games in Washington for Cry 6. 1992 votes were going to make the 1000 easy. Now there's not even any pressure in that good. Yeah. Way too old for there to be too much pressure. And all of you people rationalizing, well, you know, maybe it's well as far go or somebody else in the banks, the banks haven't got a right to hold the old money, man. And when they can see on there that you made a cash deposit, and they still go ahead and bounce the check, you know what it sounds like to me? It sounds like somebody there ought to be shot. You know what I'm saying? And if this was America where I could go out on the 440 when any pawn shop and buy me a real cheap piece, we're going to have a expensive one. I go in and I blow a few people away and teach them a lesson. Have a nice day, eh? But I guess I can't do that. 994. And I'm so embarrassed by the poll and I'm not even going to read the result. I'm not even going to read the question. Right? Yeah, just give us a thousand votes. That's right. Forget about the question or what the poll question is. Just give that eye on like that. Give us a thousand votes. Much a question? I'm not telling it. 996. I guess I'll tell them the question. When you say, when you vote, I hate this poll, what are you really saying? What do you really mean, huh? What do you really be saying? Let me refer to that baby. 996 plus you'll see. 999. Oh, happy day by the Edwin Hawkins thing was enjoyed play the last week. Good thing I want to put pressure on the display of the game. Oh, happy day. 999. The next vote is going to be number one thousand. Is this one of the great moments in radio history? Sure, one of you don't seem to care. Of course you never cared when you worked on the show. I can't get anybody else to care about this. I said, then what thing I care? Yes. Let me refer to it one more time. That's one more time. Do do do do do. Right. And I'll still 999. Jesus. See they always do this to me. They love to, almost as if they're psychic. They all like they've got a chain, a Daisy chain going. Yeah, but that's it. And we have a thousand. Yes. How do you like that? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. I think it was a brave, say any moment. We started out with what about five votes when the show started. It was pretty weak. Yeah. It was pretty bad for what we usually have when we started even on a Monday. See, when you change the full on Sunday for Monday, what I'm going to have to do is they're doing on Saturdays. Because Sunday, who do I mean, what kind of a life could you possibly have if you're voting on our poll on Sunday, you know? People are doing it. Well, not that many. Not as like kind of regular weekday. Oh, all the what kind of let today of anywhere they're voting on our poll. Thousand votes. Thank you so very much for whatever that means. And we got to a big Marlon game coming up. I excuse me, by the way, for hitting that. Do you know, say, I hit that in the middle of a spot or something? No, I didn't notice that. We were out of a studio. You were out of a studio doing what? I was in the main studio talking with Carlos. And by the way, I hate to break the news to you. I'm very excited to break the news. You maybe it's because we got to thousand votes. Guess what? Guess what's going on. You're not breaking up anymore. Really? I know. At all. At all. That's because I went in the main studio and fixed a few things. Yeah, you kicked a couple of things. Kick the gang. And of course it's on your end. They've been a crawly engineer and tell them what for get about it. I don't want my good buddy Greg the engineer here in Toronto. Waste in his time coming up here and checking that. Just don't leave your door open anymore. You won't be able to get in. Well, no, that's somebody's got to tell them not to come. He'd be really peoed at me out of my air. You're trying to cause bad relationship. Guy. I think it's a racial thing myself because, you know, he's a dark guy. So I think it's a racial thing on your part. He's chocolate. He's a chocolate guy. And I wonder if he's got a chocolate covered raspberry. A study on teen bullying shows that lesbian engaged teens are three times more likely than heterosexual teens to report being bullied. It's clear that a sexual minority youth are population vulnerable to bullying. Researcher at least Berlin and these isn't a new release. This needs to be addressed, especially in the school says Berlin who works in the adolescent medicine division of children's hospital Boston. She and her college did more than 7500 USU tour between the ages of 14 and 22 with an average of 17 and 2001. Participants completed surveys in 2001 about bullying and their sexual orientation. And the surveys that described their feelings of attraction as completely heterosexual. Mostly heterosexual, by sexual, mostly homosexual, completely homosexual or unsure as in Berlin's team excluded it from participants. Berlin's team excluded it from participants who were uncertain of their sexual orientation. Among these study 90% described themselves as completely heterosexual. Another 8% called themselves mostly heterosexual and about 1% called themselves by sexual. When they wanted to buy it, researchers combined the mostly homosexual and completely homosexual responses into one lesbian gay category. About 1% of the participants were in this group. Lesbian or gay participants were three times as likely as heterosexual youth to report ever having been bullied. In contrast, Lesbian or gay youth were about 80% less likely than heterosexuals to say, they had bullied somebody else. How do you like that? Do fairies. Exactly. A 1,015 vote seat. Look at the way they're coming through for the old man now and big clumps baby. And big clumps on pace off no less. Now I'm serious, did you tell course that it makes sure you get to hold over my body? Well, when I go to a commercial I will. Well, you don't have to wait. I mean, this is important. That I want to go ahead and slip it over here and then find in the doors locked in the mother. I'm certainly not going to leave my door wide open when I'm going to the bank to pee on her desk or his or whoever's whoever's sitting at that desk. You better put on your depends and you're revering coat right now because the old man is coming and going to release a flood. You think the Lord got all bent out of shape. No better start building the new arc. That's how peo and I am. Got a hundred dollars to spare in the camp that I hardly ever even used and now I can see why don't use it. When you're dealing with a horse ball outfit like that, I'm not going to say even those Canadian a. I'm not going to say what it is. For obvious reasons, right? No, why? I don't know. I just don't think it's a good idea. Do you? No. No, you do because you don't care. You don't give a crap about such things. You need more kind of showing. You're just here as a visitor. Now eating our free food. Okay. Oh, I eat your free food anyway. So I'll of course, so to call them and tell them how did that just happen by the way. Mirrorless when we got the thousand votes. I think the magic wine from magic twangers. The magic twangers, they said on the bus to Browns, or I'm going to be divine. How do you use your whole? Thank you magic twangers, Froggy. I'll probably start plucking his twangers. And I'll send you guys came back on the log and queer. I do want to do we want to run the test real quick to make sure everything's working fine. I am telling you there is no how why I'm a sin efforts for two and a half hours of this crap. Don't you think I know if you're cutting out or not? So I'm old and seen out. Okay. I'm a silly old queen, but don't you haven't I been doing this long enough that I have some little kind of judgment about it? A. It's as fine as fine wine. It's day. Oh, if I had a child. F5 6 O. W. You. Hey. President Bush continues to pursue it. It's a stressful trade march. Not days or weeks. I have to worry about the right. It's for all of us. I'm a mortgage, it's for all of us. When it's a national tension, watch it. I've been in tension, watch it. Stand in the world of stars. I got 10 bucks to my eye. I'm a job, I've been a don't stop eye. We need a well-molish in and I'll find a solution. I've been dancing. What the stop eyes? I'm a dance in the world of stars. I've been dancing in the star eyes. Don't care what's on the news. I've got a secret rule. What's on the deal with that stop eyes? Everything you do just captivates us. We've got such joy. You're the truth. Such joy is the dance. Oh yeah. That's what the... that's the important stuff folks. Get your priorities straight in the... oh, 2020's so important, man. If you were to tell me at the beginning of this show today, that we would do a thousand and twenty-seven boats, you know what I'm going to say? Crazy person. Now let's double check on it so make sure that you're all sun and nice and, you know, all right, well, how's it sound then? Excellent. And Chris, how's it sound to you? Oh my god, it's not just like you. I wouldn't say excellent, but it sounds just like you. Why thank you? You're welcome. Now you know Dan Well, you know as well, that this isn't an indivisible, but by osmosis or some miracle, some act of God, even though God, you know that. And it certainly was nothing here because nobody was working on anything here. A? Am I right? Yes, you are. Nobody did over anything here. I mean, we try to fuse things based on them saying, well, why John, John, plug this and see, that's always the key with him. You know, I'm plug a few things and then plug them back in. And then maybe maybe by some miracle little, Fick us itself back up again. Well, maybe I'll sit else south. So you got me, I got stirred with a bank and now you're going to give me going again. Not a good idea. Not a good idea, Chris. I think you cut out again when I think I'm misunderstood, whatever you just said there. Which is like me to say it again. No. Anyway, we got to Marles and the Washington Nats. They used to be the Syracuse Nats. They played basketball, Doll, Shays, and Johnny Kerr. That's for us old old times from a thousand years ago. The Syracuse Nats. And then they went out of business. And now there's the Washington Nats, who also some day probably very soon will also go out of a business and not, not soon enough. Hey, Combirables after the game, Eddie K. Combirables, 7 to 10 tonight. Don't switch that down now. Not just the F. We'll give it a high son. The Shy Son, happy face off by the way. Don't eat no trace. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.