Why don't you wear restraints? Just5 You re-post the purchase! I'm hearing that torture and sad I'm hearing I right because we hate them Or something that we know they did not do Who shall power a Nazi occupation? Here! Yeah! We are all screwed! That's a new thing! Man is a witch being a threat to freedom And my electric pipe art wanted to let me To continuelowly to make a lie Here are the ph overecompticon of 6 teeth and a smile Over Thirty years only afraid that the stars can share See indrecomplished doors... Embraced by a scream whiteness And coming symboll Allies! Let the troublemakers on and on Backup be in peace I'm gonna read that whole night. I've been hurt like rubber on a Saturday night. I'm a little bit of an episode of old dark jazz carpens Fia. Hmm, well, this is a good stuff. The bacon. When the hell was it? Was it bacon yesterday? Was it was it was it day before? When did I forget? I think it was worth it. I was just talking out loud. I was expecting an answer. By the way, George is on vacation next week. So the guy that's all this straw out there, the queen that's got the hot surge, George Cortes. That's the good news for him is Josh will be on all week next week. Right. It's up Friday. Or he'll have to be... No, I guess that's right. Friday. Never mind. That's right. That's right. That's right. God, all might... This could be a long day. We had no ball game today. The other thing I'll do is... I started to say the good news is the regular season starts on Monday, tomorrow on anyway. And guess what's happening Monday? And Wednesday next week. All right. Holy, moly, rat man. And of course, it won't be nearly as bad as those exhibitionist games because these being regular season games. When you think that there will be a few people I actually care might be listening. Not third man. Although I probably be on television, I would imagine. Wouldn't they? A Chris? That'd be on TV. Yeah, it's a good thing. See, that's nothing. When you're pre-empted for ball games that are not only very low interest to begin with, but then they're also on TV for free at the same time. I mean, that's like just shutting you off of the opposition. Position. But do I really care? No. That'll give me one's day, like extra time for woodbind. Hmm. Crawl 30, no less. See, at 1250 crap, that's okay during the exhibition season. But during your regular season, we're going to have a nice long pre-game show. Half an hour before the game. Get a lot of spots in there to try to get back someone at money that they lose in a Marlins every year. They lose their ass on the Marlins. Just ask them and they'll tell you, well, they might lie about it. They'll lose their ass on the Marlins. And I'm still waiting to hear about the adopted situation. Maybe go camp for a close about that situation. What do you think? Maybe? We have to know it's very jackass this morning. He doesn't have nothing to say of any interest. Hey, Barry, you are just too fair, Dickill. And I don't think Miss Sarnie works at the Sun's Settle anymore. You know that goof-hotog, Jim Sarnie? Because if you google in the Sun's Settle website, it's like, who are you talking about? That big old fat turd that used to work here, right all that's swirl on Friday? I guess there's just not much going on anyway in the radio business. Certainly not much going on on this one. I'll tell you that. Okay, let's take a look at, oh, first of all, speaking of radio business. Tell me Craig, we always love Kelly. Even though she doesn't speak in a bullfolk, she maybe that's why they put around to replace Jim The fetus while he's on vacation. I didn't realize that that slot had a size required. It's a size requirement, so the heftop maybe the hump is going to be filling in for the fetus on his next vacation. Some of you can not just fill issues with filth of chair. That's terrible, say, because you know, a lot of a separate problem. I'm a fat man. I'm back in the mid-1980s. You know, it's right on the verge of 170s, huh? Bad boy. Now I am a habit of bad boy. It's your fault. It's all the damn ice cream. Yeah. You're the one with that ice cream fixation. I listen, do I deny it? No. There's two things in my life that I'm addicted to. I mean, obsessively. Ice cream and hot young guys. Those two things. Other than that, you know, I could live without most of it. So anyway, Kelly, Craig, was filling in for Jim to fetus on I and Z this morning. And then I said, I'm going to call him and I said, I'm going to call him and I said, I'm going to call him and I said, I'm going to call him and I said, I'm going to call him and I said, I'm going to call him and I said, I'm going to call him and I said, I'm going to call him and I said, I'm going to call him and I said, I'm going to call him and I said, I'm going to call him and I said, I'm going to call him and I said, I'm going to call him and I said, I'm going to call him and I said, I'm going to make them speak, guys. So let's talk about Rob and I said, I wanna something, excuse me, just A little bit, maybe twice that. Think of it in the middle of the world. Quite early, I think that's enough of that and that's enough will be tough. As해�ique, if this forged a meme from the beginning, what I meant is that I'm going to be able to go ahead and overs Repeat for everything I'm going to do as he goes. But what I'm going to do now what you can do is just pick up the kind that the guy who's a big fan of mine too is a great good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good well see the vacans not so good for me to be now near and I'm doing a close Chris is back today yeah it's all my fault yeah but you're the you're the eating guy you know you're the food man things are going really well and Iraq forget about Iran and those stupid brids for crying out loud although I saw the picture that they showed this morning on the news one of the British guys look pretty good most of the brids are nasty ugly they got rotten teeth and they stink like hell and they just you know but every now and then when you find a really good looking bread I don't know if they're any good looking British women are they're sure there are I've ever seen any they all look really like school marms to me they're how looking British women yeah what does that the think is her okay I'll keep thinking go tell me Diana why would I say that well minimal witness no no that suicide bomber struck in predominantly she had markets in Baghdad in an aton north of the capital killing at least 104 people and wounding scores yesterday the nay the day that new US investor Ryan Crocker took office I wonder he's getting a betty you think he's getting a betty crocker or alter crocker two of the suicide bomber struck a market and they shot a lot of them on a good fellow details okay there's a lot of people over there that's what a boils down to well don't be tearing that story up on the air nearly got to get a shredder yeah shred this oh shredded wheat what about you know talk about people being led by the nose and I've mentioned this before but hasn't been hasn't been recently enough the idea that you're supposed to eat in certain kinds of foods in the morning for breakfast it's just it's just insanity yes of all the houses just about business that's all system other way to try to get you to buy cereal and uh... flat jacks and what else do they uh... waffles all that stuff well what what's the logic in that what could you sit down have a nice juicy steak at seven thirty two what's wrong with the eggs yeah way the egg for the first thing the eggs for because that's the thing I had that problem to it especially why is breakfast food all this heavy stuff all the time yeah you're supposed to get ready for the rest of the day not a not feel low key you know that we don't use a lead over i want to have a spell out it's a low g y i've had a much i've never seen a word in print and that's where that almost nobody else says you ever heard that word Chris lowly no sir loogie you heard that but not loogie feeling low music uh... you know i can't know energy and you're like all rate of pass out and that's what happens after you to big meal because your body is over well overloaded all those we find carbohydrates i like this bacon which is that no cards know some energy i got not energy to keep eating stuff the poll yesterday how do marlins do you stay any interest nobody paying attention to anybody care not me or five five myself watching baseball at that point i'm jumping out the window because that that that's the point i'm gonna know that my life isn't worth the time when i start watching baseball not that i watch a lot of it is a kid but then again i was young and foolish but she's a scuttle might talk about boring then this morning and morning show that we're talking about rasslin sorry grandan when we start talking about wrestling on a station and you know we've hit rock block bottom here's the pull from yesterday when you show hands early because of marlins baseball i thirteen ninety six votes i turn off my radio kills time for news next show for seventy four thirty four percent hmm that's a word to smash my radio with a hammer hundred forty one that's not very nice i hate this poll hundred thirty four is nine and a half percent that can't one zooming up there well that's the discontent that we got all the audience after we put the ball game on yesterday didn't bother me though i went out and got more ice cream you got to you know something you got to stop me from doing stop it calm down that the higher like a monitor to follow you around to stock you jump out of the bush isn't smack you oh i might enjoy that when you show hands early because of marlins baseball i switched to the sports hold station across the street hundred twenty two oh no not that that's really desperate listen where we second the baseball block cast eleven seven point nine percent well that leaves like ninety two percent pray that the marlins die slow and painful death that is definitely not very nine ninety nine seven percent of the audience hateful rotten nasty read the bible seventy six were good you've got to get right with the lord man before it's too late get right with the lord read the good book and then you can wipe your ass with those pages after you're done because that's about all it's good for all the thing probably runs real bad if i noticed that all the bibles no i haven't yeah well take a look at it next time you read one you heathen bastard reading the ink runs a lot no that is keep bible that is seven dark room in pout seventy what if you're sitting in dark room reading the bible i would be good listen to rush fifty six rounds listen to magic forty seven take an absence i'm usually exhausted after neil show anyway is got about thirty man play my best in the LCD seventeen work on my fantasy league roster ten and listen to power so many they know uh uh uh uh uh maybe why open uh novane novane in ten right bachi lunachi dolechi commercial out let's do our numbers in a ten in this funny old baby that is jumping in linguistic on a show certainly can send you kachos that just some kind of a slob show only slob's eat bacon on here all the habit of big news conference about the pet food we call don't eat it and all your people out there don't eat any pet food and if you got any that you really suspicious about feeded two neighbors cat let's see our buddies disco put a cute thing on their posted uh on our mi space was a dead cat in the road and somebody put up a cardboard sign free cat next to the a diggy and the road that's bad when i bet that's bad as this go but excellent well ziffers a dog lover that's why is a good guy among other reasons i'm sure but we had eight o'clock on a full day christian sit back fat and sassy and his chair are you okay today i'm doing better yeah what do you got crud i don't know but i was taking a lot of joy cisterna boy and now we don't want to go i'm sitting here eating bacon and you were going to give me a new year um bowle run down from yesterday i don't want to go through that didn't say it looks like bacon oh brother exotic am i mean beach the sexiest event on the east coast is back again today at the my mouche convention center goes on all weekend through uh Sunday for one isn't Sunday for one yesterday's and you're invited presented by hot movies dot com example again have the biggest names in the out industry on hand taking pictures and sign of autographs don't list the chance to meet Jenna jaynison maybe you can get a little feel there a little little something terapakric jessica drake and wicked pictures runger me and jena haze just a name of you in fact a rumor was drawn jermie was over parries in the building was he in the earlier no he was not it here i thought you told me he was in the building no he was in the building i think he's coming here in these studios here i didn't say anything about in those studios that said was he in the building boy you're all your way out okay man when you're on the myr her you're a mile off what flight ballet you best waiver 10 19 at 5 60 okay, I'll do that with a bacon now we can get the show going okay that business of eating on the air and that whole ice cream business that has to stop right now okay yeah right this second I just person facting these stuff right now this twenty by one access citizens alert with a form that you got to fill out trying the second time to get it through stop citizens work about what I said oh did you know that the government is doing some stuff that might not be in your best interest and you should fill out this for all you idiots out there this is a radio show case entertainment I'm a clown I'm a goofball I'm an old fag okay stop at a balloon stop with ten of us all is born garbage go back to the days of the w's not that I'm a lot of time take all that crap and shove it right 821 votes on a poll yeah I get select that guy to call whatever day was I was taking calls when I was like being stupid taking calls well you know you show is so important that my papa and all these right wingers on the air and you're the only one yeah right give me a break we'd have please here are the people of call a show for Christ 6 what are you talking about we're talking to people in South Florida there's maybe like one for Saturday audience owners got an IQ larger than their left nut okay that's even a woman Christ 821 votes on the full is a good poll let's see how many people hate it not still too many I enjoy most when Neil gets blank intensive politics 289 or as Chris Matthews would say politics politics with a W politics here's a got a can't speak that seems to be like a part for the course on TV like Tom broke off and about all these all these people that have speech quarrels that they can't speak properly let's put them on the air that's really worth a few and very good I mean a couple of get and go yeah well it's in the bag politics 29 religion 177 gosh dang it all you religious nuts man you fools how many times have I told you believe I and of course you can't say that now because it's coming up on pace on and Easter man on these holy days on the last supper the last say to man I wonder why who was managed ever so Jesus was drinking you think so managed ever so Logan David maybe that's the poll for one day next week or maybe it was grandma boon they don't have to choose maybe Jesus was a slipper maybe he could only for grandma boon religion 178 station management on 26 not today what's what's the use you know that's gonna get really ponders they are what they are you know they're in company that it's their fools and they don't give a crap a lot lifting a finger do anything for us and it's just the way it is joke at the normie open the door and wait to me today did he really show look listed the door and open his arm something like that yeah yeah did he squatting a cup one and no no wait to he just wait I'm surprised you like bend over and give you like a little gas you know that that he's reminds me jolly jo that's where the calm jolly joe got a little bomb in the door went and run for it you know station management won 26 and then it's way down after that I enjoy most of the meal gets sex in fence of 48 I enjoy that the most I'm not talking about on the year I'm just talking about looking real life sex intensive let me go out and find somebody right now food intensive 47 see there we go with the ice come again I mean don't get me wrong I love talking about food and restaurant set thing on Tuesday was sensational when they're good yes it was but nevertheless gets it gets me going I hate this full 46 5 and a half percent ratings 41 don't forget Monday April 9 a 8 Tuesday April 9 trying to figure out what they're the wickedest who they're from and you'll have to ahead of that because I'll be on vacation yeah well I want to be across the pond want to be over there with civilized people in Europe so say that you're trash is the audience calls him what will save them for you save the ratings for when I come back if I decide to come back I tell you one thing if I went to Berlin well I mean it's just it's just talking nonsense you know you know I was gonna say no what come on now I enjoy most when you get hockey intensive 34 but it's pretty week and you want to know what's in the last place way down on the bottom my space intensive only 16 less than half of hockey we know they hate hockey like poison 832 votes I enjoy most when you get my space intensive only 16 1.9 percent so that means they just hated and that's because most of the people are on my space too bad for you there's some really a nifty people on there's some great people and then there's some game players and some idiots and some goofballs you know and the reason that I'm not happy with that is because we have 1292 friends in my space and I was hoping that today we need only 8 more for 1300 would not be lucky okay you don't think I like 13 no but I'm serious wouldn't know well I want to get into that but we think the 13 we're good number to get to by the end of the day we've got almost three and a half hours to do it we can't know ball game I think we can do it we got mad dog at two come on if we we need eight more friends okay go out there and find us a new friends and speaking of friends my buddy I mentioned it on the area stage just like the thing on Sunday when I came in I was feeling a little bit depressed while I jumped off the balcony I said a couple of messages out there to people I hadn't heard from it a long time as this go and the jesse and before you know if they were online there were on my my space in your face and up your place and the same thing yesterday I mentioned Mike from FSU who's a fine gentleman Mike is probably he went to a Cooper city yeah it's Cooper I didn't do believe but anyway he's an FSU so anyway yesterday after no like me I've known I look on there and here's a message from my buddy Mike and I noticed Mike's pictures on there he puts a new picture on there and Mike you look up here to me good you good man's got of course of course he's got you know every preacher he's got some hot chicken is our but that's the way it is you know that's the way it is in this world all of us fags we get obsessed and we get all whipped up about these hot young guys then there's always some hot chicken he it's like when you're walking in a wall I happen to be all the time be walking in the eaten center and wandering around probably on the way to basket robin see a more damn ice cream and I'll see some really amazing looking young guy in all like 19 20 that perfect wonderful age you know legal and stuff like that and then all of a sudden I'll see oh geez he's got some really uh... skanty chicker even some hot chick comes on what turns is a making eight hundred and forty votes on the full i enjoy most when he'll get to black my space intensive look look at the thirteen and everybody and they I'm confident is a mediocre al gold steven is a little about politics they couldn't get a much more important story than this al gold steven is running for president you know he ran for sheriff couldn't do it he ran for his life and then of course that they destroy him they send to a riker's island wasn't somewhere just destroyed his ass he lost his house he lost his fan he lost everything he had i'm a fat you used to be so that's a good story there al gold steven ounces the two thousand eight presidential candidacy i'm for al baby racco band number one al gold see wouldn't be something a dark eye and a jiu that'd be a stick out yeah would be a lovely ticket got a guy with an IQ larger than some that's Barack Obama and we got a guy once everybody get a late hundred times at an SL goal state what's that like in between feeding's of course when i went to his apartment i told about the apartment and today but what i miss it was there just crap all over the floors and cassette tapes and video tapes it it's like walking from minefield and there you could really even move around but in a refrigerator he had been in juries yeah the important things that's right you can always tell a discriminating guy when i'm happy if i don't think there was anything else in the refrigerator just tubs and tubs of venningeries why do you bestude white left down with a banana low or hot and d-u found that you're devil hiding in her purse he's coldly hard but he's got a pew i hope it never happens to you some fruit breaks your marriage into white left down with a banana look baby it should be away oh white left down with a banana i'm a jealous man found that six it's Latin love her now she does the thing off her right hand right now i could just die my banana cream pie my flat down my banana baby slip and baby slip and my baby slip and my baby slip and my baby banana came pie see it's all around me you know and then i got branded on here right me about a friend that used to have make chocolate milkshake here we did and other guys did here we got we ever like inspired to go on to one of those even by i'm like in in the store those melted milk shake maker like they have any old soda phones like the the cat or this the substance which when he talking about like the little blending machine thing the machine mine yeah i've seen them around yeah that would destroy my life Jesus god and you go and get like molten milk balls and stuff oh i think he doesn't put him in there yeah that's all we need and that thing about banana cream pie but that's one of my favorites i think the only solution is just to stop eating yeah that's a good idea do you think that could sell my problem just happy eating period just take a vitamin yeah just take a big pill man you're like a lump in your throat look like that algal steins speaking of fact or he used to be gigantic i've actually was about 40 pounds now for out screw magazine found around gold steiners announced his 2008 can't see for president of the USA he might have a little bit of problem in the europe you want to know why why I hate the i-roll lot of Irish men in the earth i think you might have people on honesty in the candidate gold steins said when i'm going to screw you you'll know it just three years ago gold steins was this to do the homeless the controversial porn pioneer chronicled his fault from grace and his recent autobiography i gold stein today at 71 he lives on social security and writes a popular blog sponsored by adult search engine booble algal steins and national treasure said boobles bob smart gold steins campaign manager as the world's dirtiest old man al has something to say about the world he helped create and we americans have a duty listen gold steins lost his campaign with a series of video clips on his website gold stein o eight dot com in which the seventy one year will address the topist voting racism game marriage and the internet gold stein also takes a major is w bush a liar from a cocaine user sent thousand americans to die for nothing Hillary Clinton a far plug with legs a more lies in the letter than bush and barackle bama he's unlectable no one can even pronounce his name says al a Korean war veteran gold stein received his doing English from pace University founded screw magazine in the south 68 within two years gold stein was arrested seventeen times for obscenity establishing his reputation as a champion for the first amendment and seventy six he created launch midnight blue which became the most popular public asses cable show in europe by featuring porn stars converting with gold stein and celebrity guests i had everything gold stein wrote on his new website love million dollars lives girlfriends everyone loved me but i lost it all because of my flaws which are too many until recently i was homeless i'm coming to the mn for regrets and great memories a humble human being who's here to tell you that the meaning of life can be found in pot and kind of linguess you didn't hear me say that but exactly according to a press release gold stein was driven to the terrorist can is a lot of news story for crisis aches for client out loud court or press release he was driven to the terrorist can't see by his dedication to the first amendment with a new occurs rage of republican anti-sex pro-war policies gold stein hopes his candidacy will attract sponsors to pay him and groupies to pleasure him released hit it uh ha ha ha ha good luck although gold stein is running as a democrat smart city may change his affiliation to independent without another sponsor we can't afford to travel out of the relevant campaign staff in new hamster iron california so instead have to wage independent campaign focused on the internet radio and the big poor and shows where alzmox luckily voters will congregate on the subject of his running mate ghosty native i really want to find a girlfriend i haven't been laid in the over two years i'd pay for it if i could afford it instead of money to trade sex with the vice president he said ghosty infosize that if candidacy is not a joke despite the irreverent nature is campaign i hope to be funny without being a jokie said my whole life is let me to this moment i only want to make people smile and maybe think a little bit before they vote there is a lot of some of the new you know he can be the head of our sexual bob kunst of the sex world all right what ever happened about kunst dot what it up never him yeah i don't want to know either all the good at non claims that she was cured of a disease after praying to the full there she is could afford me man look i think i'm really bad sorry in public for the first time today she looks like a guy there's a just a jokie do you think it's a on zee it's just a new song on here it's a myr john Paul i was 17 years old adding here talking kaka again talking nonsense talking bionie baby your bionie eight hundred seventy four votes on the full on guess what i checked on the my space page during last break you're not many new friends we got oh none i think we've maxed out on i think twenty-one and and let me also say this to you we can have way over thirteen hundred if i wasn't certain to be just a little bit picky you know right for example yesterday they seem to come like in in groups like there was a while we're getting all in hookers that were on their way and now and then we had the ones that are trying to pro i can get a free watch and a free up ps three if i you just decided to know and then we had a whole bunch of me as they would at same kind of stuff they can get a free as something or other if you just agree for a friend and and they're all these profiles with no picture no friends no nothing just they want you to approve as a friend so that they know they can get a time-examacers and crap like that and i don't want to prove those people i ain't going to do it be a cheap way to get you know a whole much more people on it well what what how useful is that what's the point right rest the point you can do it i enjoy my i don't think so i don't think there's any more coming you know we start with zero we start with no new people on there when we need eight my god that should be well i think we maxed out and like Miguel admitted yesterday you want here christman but Miguel was like waxing and very enthusiastic about uh... our progress on there what is that said when we first put it on here was hoping to eventually maybe someday we get to a thousand and here we are on the verge of thirteen hundred on this old funny that he station man on this scratchy old a m station but how do you like that said although you know something i had a uh... i had an email and speaking to my space this morning from a guy who's got hd radio yeah and he said it never it's just sounds unbelievable it's a very he's a good idea uh... whatever we are q a m which would play more music it sounds so good that sounds really uh... sensational nice on the empty and i have a queue up at the moment yeah for sounds so good for the three people out there that own an hd radio who the hell is going to go buy an hd radio for what for what other than of course here they show but what else is there that's a play dialogue by chicago that would tell some really good time i love that but i'm not going to do it was some good nature though mm-hmm ain't everything to go upstairs the old pope now that was the old the shoe is cured by uh... the intercession of pope to unpolte the truth he probably uh... poked with his red shoes those cute little red shoes he had on when he was slipping around there in the Vatican he poked her he poked her yeah she hopes he got poked i enjoy most when you get blank intensive politics three oh seven baby let's get on the bad wagon religion one ninety one for all you get keys out there all you silly people level think for yourself and i've got a brain that just were told a lot of crap when you were child you're too stupid and too lazy to realize what a bunch of garbage and you keep subsidizing it to that's the worst part wouldn't bother me if you believe it but you keep subsidizing it and using a course to excuse your ignorance and bigotry in the grotesque mess i do a most when you'll get station management since 140 not today i mean i could but what's the use of just a week and i don't want to waste my energy and jolly joe and on the beesleys although tomorrow is the fifteenth anniversary of deliverance that can't be right is it really fifty three roll i don't know that i don't know i don't know somebody somebody's something about that to who care forty five at least twenty fifth thirty five i hate this four fifty one five point seven percent i enjoy most when you get food intensive fifty because if it gets food intensive we know it's gonna go out and start eating like crazy and maybe he'll croak and then we can dance on his grave sex intensive fifty ratings intensive forty four hockey intensive thirty five and my space intensive only sixteen out of eight hundred ninety votes so we're doing fine on the votes but those other eight people we need real people on my space in ink and i think there's any chance lots of whatever no i mean how first of all how would it happen word amount word amount people making sounds with their mouth ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha oh that could be a new format for us maybe on the morning what a reason we got mad dog at you this afternoon the power hour with mad dog in the humper together four to five five to seven it's hanked gulstream plunging his gulftown seven clock panther preview panthers in the capitals of seven thirty night and then the game night was just the average till midnight when we basically sign off a new transmitter maintenance with the SPN radio the you yeah who may i ask is the father and then go along long time there's no circus to my friends you go brave people are standing in the line well when you keep the bucket i how would you play every cry go hand over so pretty well it's gonna get daily live even though how would i use a fluffy rhyme like the old way i'm gonna do a bunch of tests to find out who's the father i'm gonna redo this you can be a name from the chicken box every day is a new adventure old and used to buy your rings weekly dudes with lots of name you will win we all agree the dead small child's family get to be a name from the chicken box it's crazy one you got to open the box and get to be a name from the box three you got to close the box this is how we do it chicken a fire with gonna do the can't take it and fire 1046 14 before 11 at 560WQ and happy Friday March 30th it's our last March show next to the time we come on no fool it'll be April I'm Monday although George will be on vacation so last next 10 new come on it'll be later than you think right and you really are speaking later than you think you do realize that like i think June 16 is about the day something like that 16 18 from my like June vacation and of course most of that vacation is over then i come back and it's back to our summer schedule and we're sticking our loud you know what I mean? yeah that's right that's right it's over that i found that that you uh you know show me where was that was very nice yeah when you get to that time of the year when you're only working two days and Thursdays and last half of June and all of July and all of August and then a part of September like half of September that's a pretty good scam then it makes it worthwhile when you get to those big fat paychecks you realize that you're barely even working at all hmm maybe i'll find me like an apartment in Berlin and broadcast from there a couple days away when you think all right first i could be pretty busy and ever know ask me how many new friends we have on our my space page and i told it it's you know it's just it's not like the thing with votes on a poll anybody's got a computer can vote on a poll but on a my spacing we got 1292 including you know some of probably don't even really exist but nevertheless contrary to his published statements that training general Alberto Gonzalez was deeply involved in the firing of eight forever federal prosecutors his former top eight say the answer to any of the final decision on who was to be dismissed was made by Gonzalez and President Bush's former counsel i don't think the attorney general statement that he was not involved in any discussions with the u.s. attorney removals was accurate Kyle Samson who quit this uh this month as Gonzalez chief of staff fully sent a juniture a committee i'm a discussing with him this process of asking certain u.s. attorneys to resign respond to questions from representative from senator shovin whitehouse Samson rejected the notion that this missiles were ordered by young and arranged princesses of our official this is makers this case with the attorney general and the counsel of the president told it is your committee i know this made staff recommendations that they were put inside off on by the principles the whitehouse response was notably muted i'm gonna have to let the attorney general speak for himself i have spoke from them they know for i know said i want to see skint of already for i know the old attended board from surric use championship pulling here's marty parino the old lefty what a memory i got uh you people lots and wrestling on tv what's wrong with you people what what what what what in god's name is it inflicted your brain when we could be watching championship boring with any koalics and buddy bullmar and uh... carmond cell vino now we're talking and dickwebber number dick who you've got to give it your bowling mister casin i mean all this other stuff we put on here why don't i have bowling on a radio i'll show you a wardard that wants to panna time on w i was a he did call bowling ha ha ha ha ha ha pulling on her radio you dummy that was him rick labor was great he was a anodon ice man any smell real bad is hygiene his personal hygiene couldn't use little bit help but he was a great broadcaster on the dolphin games when you were given that there christian member that i didn't do that before your time i don't remember very well i'm sure i heard it but i don't just remember well what does that mean here well how do you twenty eight thirty thirty thirty but thirty man and you don't remember the great rickweaver with the white hankies or what about how they were with the all the fans are waiting that we've been the hankies fact i think now the dolphins before the game so it's the odd i would go out there and wait for white hankies like the way they might tell like we do here qm for surmender yeah do you think that's what we ought to do okay every building you know every bad is a building here there we building but every ten to keep putting the bricks together keeps crumbling falling down i don't want to know i don't want to say that about the organization other than the fact that wain is at the top you know anything at wain touches lately last seven years you said the minus touch now he's got the minus touch in reverse everything went touches now turns crap that's right newest word games by the g o p's surrender and retreat rights bob gugger i got a big pile of stuff here did anyone know i because we got four hours okay i wednesday i will have to admit i was a little bit uh... i don't know little bit well it takes training it's like going in training for anything else like for a race same thing do you know i'm talking about what he taught in the whole i'm talking about doing the four hours without taking a stupid as phone calls i mean you know there's always the possibility to reach over and put you up on her two here there and i said possibility on likely unlikely possible but pretty unlikely and of course once upon a time i was doing that for a long long time remember that forgot about the phone just shut that baby down and we're listening right i run all that good stuff wow i think if George would just be you know i'm talking about it good friends out there and unfortunately like i feel it before i'm i think i'm tiptoeing around the edges of ripping management now which is on that poll today but sure wouldn't want to do that but nevertheless these people nothing about talk radio they know about ball games and ball scores and jackstrap that's all they know anything that because they can put people on here to talk about ball games and ball scores and jackstrap therefore that's what talk radio is all about that's what i think do what talk radio there's sports talk is like a tiny division of what general and generic talk radio is in the first place and they don't know how to clue about that they don't know how it works they don't know what makes it successful they don't know what people on here about they haven't got a clue so when the general manager of the radio station is running around with his fan asked talking about oh gee if we can put those tapes on because when the people two and they want to hear neals voice oh oh oh you know if you'd have been at that lunch if you'd have been a flying a wall that lunch you would have just uh gone down and you'd have you to peed in his soup i'm telling you right now whatever you would have been sort of disgusted with him in his whole attitude just and i got kept saying to him you know it's just ridiculous so they hate the tapes that takes our grotesque that's an old dilemma from years ago it isn't the lemma anymore i saw that lemma long time ago i sobbed it by putting your dumb ass on here and we have a sort of just great i think he's baking yeah i didn't say sensational i said great it's worked out okay not you know alright alright 926 on a poll Chris is pretty pleased with that because he like he takes credit for we've got over a thousand yesterday before the ballgame without you being there how do you like that fed so well that's a good thing it was a very good thing Josh was very proud it wasn't too proud about that guy to keep sitting on him over that's beside the hey listen just be glad that anybody's sitting on you that's the way i look at it that's a real good way to look at life if anybody likes you and us that they're you know got the hotspores they're breathing heavy the well and you ought to be real happy it doesn't mean you want to let your guard down let him get too close but nevertheless well we've been through a few months of emboldening the enemies his bond glad you're not strongly suspected the words surrender and retreat we'll be the next you'll be talking points for the american people when it comes to the future of our prisons in our right senate republicans know that behind the eight ball and that the vast majority of americans want to side of a rack and our troops back home so they need to constantly be tooled their manipulative language to find a way to get under everyone's skin make them support the failed republican agenda in Iraq the gop is also smart enough to know that we're generally a tough stubborn people but that a certain percentage of our population watches fox news and well aren't the sharpest knives in the drawer so throwing out words like surrender and retreat to describe that a democratic plan to win the Iraq War seems to fit their game plan for so inferior and doubt the american people await this vote the Iraqi people await this vote al-Qaeda waits this vote said senator sand brown back not see of Kansas while arguing earlier this week for the amendment to strip withdraw language from the hundred twenty two billion dollar racks up the middle bill i believe that instead of giving the terrorist a reason to be hopeful and sending mixed signals to our forces in the field we should be talking about the possibility of a federal Iraq we need to stop talking about how to retreat and start talking about winning an a what american wants to be seen as retreating right and it was a kind of nifty way brown back slipped out hot in there too senator republican you're making a comment Kentucky senator press release to the title congress should not announce a surrender day attempting to have it both ways by slipping withdrawing in this bill by making the support of our troops contingent on a dangerous and the fetus surrender date was wrong a week and a half ago it is wrong now said McConnell statement republican figure weasem people hate to think of ourselves a surrendering so they want to throw that one around a bit too sometimes they've learned new bus phrases with all one says is when we in alreda cololato said this before the affirmative senate vote mandating the withdrawal from rax starting for months i believe the will yesterday we treat from a rack was a serious mistake our enemies not look upon the west is a country with no resolve a country that will cut and run with things get tough and who better to jump in all of the cynicism man who should be republican standard bearing two thousand eight john McCain supporters of this provision say they want to date certain for u.s. withdrawal from a rack the mister president what they've offered us is more accurately described as a date certain for surrender with great consequences for the future of a rack disability the middle east and the security of americans at home and abroad said McCain on the senate for the two day let's all at least get became quick and for stopping his presidential fundraising long enough to come back to decently vote on this one now that the funding bill contingent the troop of draw line which passed this week among pins and needles waiting to hear what they'll start calling the democrats responsible for pushing it through cut and orders is kind of played out the smart money says they'll go with either yellow bellies or scaredy cast all right you scaredy cast you're much as scaredy cast like that count on the road free cat and then the uh-huh hey see nine hundred twenty seven why is it I think generally speaking I could be wrong because I know that discos are real dog lover like I am and you are yes why is it the most of us are dog lovers hate cats like poison I mean just hold on to find a question answer itself because dogs are loyal and nice to you and care about right cats could give us a squat well let's squat on this and cats do this thing in a box you know it's right go catch always doing their thing they do their own thing you're at their convenience not the way the other way around like the management yeah financials are the new launcher show 간 turn No, sit on your face. You have back someone but no solar plane. That's one more thing you can't say going to play. I feel hot. You'll be waiting in my scene. But don't worry, make you throw out all of the things. You cannot take all of the plane. You can't take your right amount of plane in where you have to leave it right at the check it at the gate. I am really excited about hearing one thing. You know what that is? What? The two clock bell? Oh, that sounds like them. Like I said, two things and we're excited about it. That's one, the two-clunk bell. And the other one's Kevin Koot, take your seats. Oh, that. You know, that's, I like that. I just love that. Kevin Koot, take your seats. There's something about the cruise there that Dutch cruise on KLM. They're just really great. I mean, the boarding process sometimes can be a little bit of a tactic. But that's with all the Europeans. They tend to be a little bit of pushing into surgise. And they all start shoving and like, oh, all these people. Now, to see there's the British guy from, you know, Paul Judging for Endering Those Are Winnie Waters. That guy looks kind of human. I'd check him out. 939 votes at the pool at the pool. And Kevin, a lot of hard. And ask me how many new my space friends we have. How many new my space friends do we have? Kevin, no sense of being interesting. No one says, I like it when you get Godfather intensive. Yeah, I would have thought Brandon would have said that. But Brandon's to busy talking about milkshakes and ice cream today. Everybody's trying like, you know, give me the I'm not doing no bad food today. How do you like that? Or all weekend. That's my goal. Sounds pretty good, doesn't it? Yet, that's even I don't believe it. I just don't believe it. It's a drug, baby. It's a drug. Sugar is a drug. It's the strongest drug. It's a thousand times more addictive than heroin than any other dancing cocaine. Marriage, a weeny, you name it. Sugar. As you a car, baby, as your good friend, see the cruise would say, if you were here. Are you seeing the cruise and I am dead now? Yeah, that's what you'd say. And for the few votes, see I should know right off the bat that a lot of your people were seen at cruise fans. That should have told me right there that there's a little something off with some of that crown. Do you know what I mean? Or, especially the old ones with the green two or her. I'm going to. Little something off like your mother like Mama Sita, you know her? Yeah, a little something a little bit off like. And my little needle. A lot. Well, I don't want to start getting personal with your mama. You know. Oh, I'll say that. Thank you. 943 votes on the pool. We'll get a thousand this hour and then Chris can sit back, slump back in the chair and start thinking about more food. So you're 30. How you're pretty old to be on this show? Yeah. I mean, at least in that chair anyway. How old is Josh Cort is 23? They're about. Well, that's a good age. 23 is an excellent age. 30 seems like kind of. I'm 30. Old to be doing that. There's no future in this, Chris. But you can kiss my, again, thank me so much for giving you this great opportunity. OK. Oh, you mean, you want to know or not? No, I don't want it now. In fact, in your case, I want to go to Jesus. Well, that'll turn me about for the food all weekend. I'm going to think about one in Chris. That's bad. That was so insensitive on my part. Well, that would be the same as you want me. You know, it would be just as gruesome. Oh, are we going to add Godfather right to this or might just going to continue to tell me, tell me the audience about Kevin said it would be a bit the way whatever you want. You're going to add it on their Chris or what he do to it. Yeah, I started done. I don't see it on there. Let me let me refresh it one more time. There it is. Don't have any votes yet. But it'll get some votes. Maybe nobody likes that. I mean, we can't do the whole show just for, you know, for Brandon. Don't think about it. Friends, all of you, nice. I feel like so just like to think with the, uh, with that old meal thing for your buddy Christopher was by the way, vanished again. He just, you know, he's here in there. And now that you finally sent that to him, right, you, email that to him. Yes, the old, the old, the old meal thing. Oh, yes. Now we don't have to play it. I mean, I, I liked it the first 4,000 times. I thought it was pretty funny. I enjoy it, but especially that sports cocky buying thing. That that liner toward the end that kind of gets me a little chocolate just a little bit. I enjoy it most when Neil gets blank intensive politics 333. Religion 199. Station management 145 such as a station mismanagement that they should say, I hit this 456 5.9%. That's not too bad considering considerably the land. When Neil gets sex intensive 55 food intensive 52 ratings intensive 50. And hockey intensive 38 my space 17 at least my space is something I've got father because this isn't that any. Kevin was a good good idea. I thought then you think it was a good idea. Yeah. We get father intensive start playing all in drop-ins like my mom. Mommy. I don't get how many day go get you what? Freest ball come by. Come out of the woodwork. But I mean, they don't like that. Well, we'll see. Time will tell you know, it's one of those things. Time will tell. Bush and Roe joke. Did you see the thing where Roe was dancing that they're, oh my god. You know, I heard about it. I have yet to see it. You had didn't see it. They show I heard it. It was so real. All these innocent people are dying. All this blood shit and made him all this. Lutusy going on. And the meantime, Carl Roe was dancing. RJ Esco writes in the smoking chivalence. He has got some other bio thing on here to give you like a, some kind of reference. No. That's good enough for me if it's on the smoking chimp. It's okay for me. He says I have a lot of sympathy for David Gregory who was pressed into a bad comedy routine with Carl Roe with the radio and correspondence dinner tonight meaning on last night. Roe had already cracked a lame joke about Patrick Fitzgerald by mangling his first name as Peter. Then he and Gregory went on to wrap with the bad comedian hosting the event. Bear in mind that the real subject of Roe humor was the conviction of a senior White House official for committing a felony while serving misliministration make that three felonies proving beyond a reasonable doubt. That would be three felonies committed by somebody on Roe's team. Three felonies that have evolved using journalists to destroy a woman's career to hurt her husband for telling the truth. Ha ha the reporter's laugh game Lee. Ha ha. Meanwhile, new evidence is emerging that Roe was directly involved in the firing of federal prosecutors that directly contradicts what this same administration told the same group of correspondence. David Gregory's a fine reporter but his uncomfortable routine just doesn't illustrate the impropriety of joking around with people who may have committed serious crimes. It also demonstrates how inappropriate it is to hold these events with the administration that DC donation into war. A deception that was enabled in large part by the same chatty from mediarity being displayed at tonight's dinner. Here's the bottom line. The widespread loss of life in Iraq is doing no small part to these snapshot workmanship of many of the journalists of the event and the co-geness with those now in power. The spraying that co-geness while our fighting men when are still dying over there is in bad taste and let's not forget the loss of innocent Iraqi lives either. I know I wrote recently about Tony Snow's illness and the need for reconciliation I made it. We can wish them the best as individuals and still oppose misdeeds in the exception. And where crimes are committed we can wish for justice to be served just as must for the ill-before-for-consolation can begin. And as I wrote then reconciliation involves an honest omission of one's own mistakes there was none of that in evidence tonight either from the administration of the reporters. Later President Bush made a funny about the firing of federal prosecutors firing that may involve multiple felonies including obstructing justice giving false testimony and misleading another to give false testimony. You know you've really botched things when you have people siding with lawyers said the person. Ha ha said the reporters. My advice for David Gregory who seems like a really good guy is this. Next time you're asked just say thanks but I think I'll sit this one out. Joking about the administration's proven as with Libya or suspected criminal behaviors highly inappropriate especially since the media's job is to investigate the behavior. You know, kid around with people you're supposed to be probing from police and malfeasance and you especially don't kid around about the potential felonies themselves certainly not on the very day that new emails nothing information about them is becoming available for your review. Maybe that's one reason why these routines were so horribly unfunny because in comedy timing is everything. Always turn stories over again. We can hear it right on radio. Good. Turn it up for your love. Okay. Turn it up as loud as you can. Ripping and tearing and stealing and just whatever. 9. 54 on a poll. And during the break I'm going to check again. We're not going to get I bet you we don't get to 12.95 today on that thing. I don't know. I think it's almost like out of spite because they've been you know they've been coming in pretty good almost every day there's a couple of new ones over here three or four new ones over there including the ones that are trying to pedal some Victoria secret or some crap so they can get a $500 gift certificate. I just that's just dry. It's like when a little kid's not going to do or well if I saw enough of these crappy magazines enough of this crappy candy I get you know some some crap. I get a scholarship to go to you know, if you. I mean well what the hell do we owe these people that we should put them on or so they can get some kind of a stupid ass piece of crap. Well what do I owe those people? Right and they wouldn't even put a real profile on there like even a make believe profile. At least would be a little bit of work. If you're going to try to like squeeze them to somebody's my space or some of the damn page at least take you know 20 minutes and fabricates some crap. I mean there are plenty of other people going to do an Fabricate. 20 profiles. It can't be that difficult right? Right. Still somebody else is like like that like that bunch of ballooning. One thing I thought out about. Bob Bryce is not right. Right. Remember Bryce Aroney? Uh huh. I ate it. 955 votes on the pool. Look look at 2000 this hour. I'm sure Chris is very confident with that. And what are we eating there today? Tell me something low carb, low calorie. Okay. No. Not eating anything. I had a sandwich but I don't know if it was low carb. Chris didn't want to eat it. I had yesterday about the pizza in the back of your what was that. We don't want to revisit that issue because it was an analogy. Yeah, about things that don't go into other things. Or about to wear pigs that don't fit into round hole. Yeah. Round pigs that don't fit into the square hole. Guess what when they're both round they fit. I see what about pegged like baits. Uh huh that fits to where did he fit in? Feminist past 11 of QAn. It's Friday you passed. And right Americans it's Paul Harvey stand by for news. Abigail McGillan and elderly woman answered a knock at the door one day only to be confronted by a well-dressed young man carrying a vacuum cleaner. I'll say it again. The young man was carrying a vacuum cleaner. Good morning. Said the man if I could take a couple of moments of your time I'd like to demonstrate the very latest and high powered vacuum cleaners. Go away said Abigail I haven't gotten a mic. And she proceeded to close the door quick as a flash. The young man wedged his foot in the door and pushed it wide open. Don't be too hasty. He said to Abigail not until you have at least seen my demonstration. With that he emptied a bucket of horse manure onto her hallway carpet. If this vacuum cleaner does not remove all traces of horse manure from your carpet madam, I will personally eat the remainder. Abigail step back in chuckle. And then I hope you got a damn good appetite because they cut off my electricity this morning. Paul Harvey. Good day. Good day. And a hundred seventy three most sent a pool by the bottom of the hour going to be like hovering right around a thousand men. Then they will fear us man speaking of Godfather and Tencent. It's Godfather going to evotes it's got four. That's not too bad. And we have 1293 now in our my space 1293 we've got a new for that. Think. What does it think the ones or something like that? I don't know. Some of these people. What? Inky. Yeah. Like Jimmy DeRandy would say. Ain't good. Ain't good. Yeah. He had some real talent. We never figured out what it was though. Right. Big nose. That was what it was. He was bald and had a big shnoth and he could take a lot of the panel and play a little bit too. Look at this story. Somebody just facts in. Wow. Let's see. Hey Neil, how about ripping the colors for the pool before I get to the story this in it? No. And that doesn't even grammatically doesn't even fit in right? And not only that, but I would say what colors? WQAM hello. Hey, how you doing? OK. You'd be, I guess you could say how our bill was in that work is that correct sir. That is absolutely correct sir. And it became a week though. Not to say that only 30 million people get involved in watching, but American Idol ran six minutes over and to back themselves up, I guess that's Fox. Whoever does dancing with the stars, they played a repeat before. So they were able and maybe there was an O-Jong of the vodka to learn out there and stripped them off. But for someone who tried to manipulate something, they were, they didn't stand out as much as they wanted to make that announcement. Now also, I have one of those machines. My mother 14 years ago bought a button mix, 2,000 families steal. If you put cream and ice and sugar and fruit, you have ice cream, or if you put in fruit and vegetables or this fruit, you leave it all long enough. You make hot soup. If you want one of these and they're about 700 now, you go into a coma. Thank you. Okay now. Do you have any idea what he said? What? I mean, I know about the milkshake maker, but the first part of that, do you have any idea you're talking about? A doors fan club is petitioning Florida's new governor to clear Jim Morrison's criminal record. There are no fans as one eye and of sequences Jim Morrison fans. One eye, like the Cyclops, I'll lie. And according to the, I wonder if the really it was a Cyclops, do you think? Probably, so what's the pun of time? Let me some love, you know, mutant. I'll show you that I've been 20 one-eyed monsters running around on the loose. I've seen it for her. Yeah. And according to the World Entertainment news network, door superfan Dave Diamond, this challenge Florida's new governor Charlie Chris Gay, to clear Morrison of the 1969 charge of the Disney exposure and public profanity. There's been much speculation over the incident in Miami's dinner key out of the courtroom where Morrison was arrested by the Dave County police. Although there was much public outrage at the time, the myth of the rebel lizard king would be much to mention, diminished without the incident. Regardless, I don't think so at all. I don't think anybody really gives it when you think of the doors in Jim Morrison. Do we really think about that incident on where he supposedly awifted out? Regardless, Diamond posting on doors fan page, doors collectives magazine. Once Chris to re-examine the ridiculous charges, Diamond writes no matter what happened to that concert, how you feel about the man himself? They've prosecuted agencies in law than this matter tonight. James Douglas Morrison, his Constitutional Rights, FNA, baby. Morrison's Constitutional Rights now with standing, a bunch of the founding fathers, something to close for claiming that rock stars are allowed to get their wings out and swear on stage. Hopefully Chris will treat the absurd request with the disrespect or deserve. And who wrote this crap? Who's the more on their wrote this? Andrew T.I.J.S. He's hiding behind him. Andrew T.I.S. Andrew T.I.S. his socks together in morning. What an idiot. Well look at that. Somebody just found out, what is that? Somebody just found me a piece of copy for a Hank Spot. This is Aunt Goldberg. Did you fix this to me? No. Where were you to this come from? I don't know. Came from your Facts Machine Man, 305. There's the Facts Number 65, 0198. Came from your machine line. This is Hank Goldberg. You've first in my advice is where to put your money out of your body. And it's just spot for a Shelley Bloom. I mean, I like Shelley Bloom. Just find all that. But why am I getting this? Well, what do you mean you didn't facts this to me? How is it possible? Did this come like this? Is this like magic? Maybe it's magic. Seriously, it's got the studio effects number on it, man. What is this mean, man? And there's another one coming. Now did you just send me something else? I just set your facts. This is your right about that drag nothing. This is Louis. No. No. No. It's a recent thing. Oh, that's a fence with some like stuff on it. But what about this piece of copy? Well, I'm going to do that. I'm going to do it like to you, me, to Randy. We said take it, but I'm going to do. I'm going to stick it over there and I will get this. Let's go. I'm going to do it. I mean, how is it possible? Oh, I look at this. Facts that says there are rumors that said the kid Rosenberg crans the inch worse is going back to New York's WFA in because his wife hates it in Florida. He was on Amistice's weekend and trouble. And here's the article. What is this from? Media matters. I don't know where what that's in. But anyway, here's what the article says. He's back. Rosenberg, I alluded to previous racially-incensitive remarks that figure out I'm fired from Amistice. On the March 27th edition, let's see what they would have been Monday. Tuesday, whatever was. Saturday. March 27th edition of Amistice NBC's I'm Is in the Morning. Former I'm Esports announcer said Rosenberg's team crans Schwartzberg. He appeared on the program and referenced the story of the New York Baby News headline Serena Shocked by Racist Hechler. Rosenberg commented, I was on an airplane suggesting he couldn't have been the one heckling professional tennis player Serena Williams. Rosenberg's joke appeared to be referenced to racially-incensitive remarks to made in June of 2016 about Williams and his sister Venus, both of whom are African-American. According to Wayne November 20th, 2001 Newsday article, Rosenberg said on the year, one time a friend he says to me, listen, one of these days you're going to see Venus and Serena Williams in playboy. I said, you've got a better shot at jet and actual geographic. Rosenberg also referred to Venus Williams as an animal. In June 18th, 2001 New York Times article on Rosenberg's remarks noted that host on Amistice Wally fired him that reversed himself and we hired Rosenberg after the sports commentator apologized on the year. Nonetheless, on November 12th, 2004 edition of Amistice the Morning Rosenberg referred to Palestinians as thinking animals and said, they ought to drop the bomb right there or kill him right now. On November 29th, 2004, MSNBC offered an apology for these remarks. The views expressed on the program are not those of MSNBC having said that it was unfortunate these remarks were telecast by MSNBC. We sincerely apologize and it was offended by these remarks they said. In May 2005, Rosenberg's Dean Cranchewers was once again fired from Amistice the Morning. This time for comments about singer Kylie Minogue who's recently diagnosed with breast cancer. Quiddaway May 25, 2005 New York Post article Rosenberg said she will also pretty when she's involved with one breast. The post quoted a spokesperson for a violent comment and finnity broadcast in which the conference was offered to WFAN. Staking the Rosenberg will not be between Amistice the Morning Show, but in recent months, Rosenberg has repeatedly appeared on the show. A January 29th article New York Daily News asserted Cranchewers' holds was live seeing Cranchewing and burning on the Amistice Morning Show on WFAN. We turns this week to fill in for Chris Carlin who replaced him. In fact, on the January 29th edition of Amistice the Morning, Amistice asserted, I gave sips a they off thinking why take the chance. Rosenberg did however appear on the following for broadcast to the program, Yadi Adi Adi released two more and it goes on with dates and times. However March 27th was the first time since he filled in for Carlin in January that he appeared in MSNBC Studio in St. Caucus, New Jersey. Rosenberg appeared in the MSNBC Studio again on March 28th edition of Amistice in the Morning. Amistice reduced him by saying, sit Rosenberg in the house. Executive producer Bernard McCorkk added the comeback is complete. Uh-oh. On February 5th, when Carlin returned, I'ma said by having sit on he really is spotlight with throwing on your many shortcomings. Carlin defended himself. I don't get sued on many. Okay, don't get sued on many cases. You said, I don't get you in trouble all over the place. Amistice applied. Ain't don't get us any ratings. During the February 2nd edition of Amistice the Morning, Amistice fan radio host Chris Made Valruzzo. Guess who's been on all week with us who's been great. Rousseau answer that. No Mr. Rosenberg's Dean Grange. Rorts. You're going to blow off Carlin out of there. You got sit back. I'ma said that he intended to keep Carlin but that we're going to try to work out something with sit too. How do you like that? Sit the kid. His wife can't stand in the South Florida. She's a great kid like poison and of course stop and think she's married to him. Pay shop. The federal government just borrowed the Gapos. On your winnowing finishes of the most parties, proud offered no apology. And mostly blamed others for the default ones that cost hundreds of long. My proud, there's no one left to blame. I said, frowny, you're the government's shame. I said, frowny, your career's up and blamed. There's no one. I know. Who's more lame, George Bush. We'd better make them shut up before pieces. If we shoot them a stop, you can defend him. But I'm sure you will find many things that he should do time. I'm afraid to dumb to run the FPMA. So people die when he ran FPMA. That's the movie. No, the every one knows that you're leading a shipboat. You can go back to your horse shows. Today, both the public and jan democrats criticise the fact that Brown is still on the federal payroll. That maybe because as long as he remains at his administration official, his testimony must be cleared. Yeah, whatever. 1131 and 56. He wants to have that to do with the price of peanuts anyway. And a lot of people allergic to that crap in the first place. There's one thing I can't stand. It's peanuts. Oh, man. Fat. There's nothing worse than buying a whole bunch of like a canister of nuts. And you think it's going to be mostly cash, shoes and almonds and Brazil nuts and good stuff. Any find out because you hadn't read the print because you were on the right. And it's like 95% peanuts. You got to read the label and make sure that you're getting the quality mixed nuts. Yeah, the quality mixed nuts. You better check your nuts first before you start to perfectly deny it. 997 votes on a poll. Any second now we're going to go to a thousand. Wow. And if you thought that call was confusing, this fact that supposed to explain it is, I don't get it at all. It says that fruit loops collar was referring to an American idol going six minutes past its usual half hour slot. But I table, I'll guess what it was. Schedule to go 36 minutes. It was no surprise. She's it says. She's she's she's she's Sean. She's if the program. If the program director plays the tapes first or I'll start to program director. It's a general manager of mixing words. Never plays the tapes on 100 down and got him like a fish or be really upset or both. It's not the program director. He'll be picking on clearance for that. Pick that up for just about anything else. But not for that for Christ 6. We don't have enough time. We only have two and a half hours left. We don't have enough time to like pick on clearance all things. He deserves getting picked on. But it's a general mangle who's got this affinity for tapes. Oh yeah, well we could put a tape on there on Friday. And blah blah blah blah. Yeah. You know, you could run this thing down to the zero's pretty soon. It's to Bell, Jolly, don't know what are him and clearance could along so well. They don't like having those large cumbersome numbers to deal with like we used to have. Remember those days? Bang, 180. I remember the fruit salad days. Now let me, it always gets to be this part of the hour and the thing freezes up. Let's see if we get to a thought. We've got 9.98. They're coming in by the ones now. And the graph of has got six votes. And we still have only told her 93 friends on my space. I think that was unbelievable. I'm sorry for you to give me that challenge to the beginning of the show. I had three. You've got to get to 1300. They missed your your slup and you know. That's great. Nobody loves you anymore. That's not what I'm hearing. I'm getting lots of love. You are. My love is. I love zero. What is it? It's zero. What are you talking about? All the love people have poured on you. Speaking of fruit salad. Yeah fruit cocktail. I was always one of my mother's favorites. Who's a fruit cocktail? A lot of a can. Yeah. But it would make a fruit cocktail like in jealous. He'd stirred into the jelly. Oh yeah. I'm playing the thing. Exactly the same thing. The only thing that she could make without screw it up was freaking jelly. Really? Yeah. Well, something to be said for that. I know. I was never going to be fed in jello. And sure goes down easy. The only thing I can do is slow down to a crawl. What is going on here? Every time it gets to be like 35 to 40. And that five minute segment. I think Eric is dealing with this. I think he spends his foot on a break. Steve Young's got a good article here. Media matters. And code Jamison foster Bill or Riley. Steve Young. Goer bulls on the first amendment. Do I have time to read this before the break? I think I do. Boy, you're sure we know a lot of articles today. You bet you're sweet ass. I am. Okay. And that one call we took. I haven't got any idea what he was talking about. I'm sure he didn't either. Why does anybody care about that? What was he talking about? About the show ran late. I think maybe he was referring to the Kenny and Bow morning show. And the fact we had to give them a lot more time. And I'm not a team player like that guy to call to whatever day that was. I'm crazy Monday. Remember that guy? Mm-hmm. You're not a team player. You should let them. Yeah. Right on here show. Put on that great comedian. Whatever the hell his name was. Benny Blades or whatever. Who's the guy? Bernie Bernie. Bernie Mac. Bernie Mac. I like Freddie Mac and I like Jimmy Mac. You didn't say a little bit that. Yeah, Jimmy Mac. Don't play it again. I do like it though. Steve Young says on Wednesday what a comment the Huffington Post picked up elsewhere concerning an email written by Janison Foster Foser of Media Matters of America. And since his supporters of Media Matters for America and which he has people who is local lose papers carry and quarters column, the contact those papers and has to move the dropper commerce. And he says he continues distributing her via hate speech. In one variation of my comment that a period of many sites that was entitled the most painful column I've ever written. That was meant for two reasons. One, and I was defending the indefensible and colder. Number two, I was taking one of my favorite and one of the web's most important sites to task. In response, Foser said, my column compared his email, the Joseph Gerbl's work in Nazi Germany and that I wrote holy Gerbl's folks which I guess he can do this comparison of the third-rights. But talk about the Pankharmic Kettle National Socialistic Dwaychea, whatever white. I only compared his email to Gerbl's foster shows Foser chose to be far more incendiary comparing me to Bill O'Reilly. Holy hi, verbally. Folks, I said that I felt media matters was wrong. Not that they should be boycotted. What Foser didn't mention was that also said media matters does good work. Fact is right after I check out Huffington Post, I check media matters. First and last thing every day. He didn't mention that I said media matters always backed up information with actual transcripts and soundshifts, something Bill O'Reilly refuses to admit. You see, I love what David Brock has put together and continues to do for us. You ever hear Bill O'Reilly say that? But, like me, to Bill O'Reilly, he didn't help me see the light. Not as an apology, but for the sake of specificity, I should never have written holy Gerbl's folks, even as hyperbally. I should have written holy O'Reilly folks much more on the money because Foser's email did have the ring of a factor talking point. He said that only he only heard newspapers to reconsider what the decision to do, so serves their readers and viewers. That's what Bill O'Reilly does with anything he doesn't like or agree with. He said I was telling people to keep quiet about their beliefs and newspapers should not carry coders irrational hate-laden ratings. No individual citizens can do whatever they want. I just didn't think media matters should be leading your work against these papers. I write a Sunday op-ed call every Sunday in the LA Daily News, so this Bill O'Reilly any number of times I make B.O. the negative object of my also historical columns many times on the same pages is in our ticket of newsings. If B.O. was successful getting the folks to write in to have their daily news dropped my column because I felt I was more of being pretty there as N.M. is asking their folks to do. Would N.M. find that appropriate? The whole demand, the whole demand, any written word dropped, the lead to even a burden begins to get pretty dicey. Of course I didn't mean in a Nazi way. I'm in a, well I've gotta think about that one. Suffice it to say once fascist freedom might be another person's impression or it's advice versus still I should have never thrown out the Nazi gaulet. I wouldn't admit that there was no need to help an enemy when they're already busy committing suicide. It's essential for America then so we get to truth from the media. Media matters needs to report and watch misinformation being spotted. But when they get into move onish activism they set themselves up to be discredited. Even the liability of media matters efforts against that quota is wrong headed because we both despise quotters, ober hate speech and for everything else media matters does. I could forgive any differences we might have. But comparing me to Bill O'Reilly, un-forgivable, un-forgivable, Steve I'm Steve Ion. Wardwinning TV writer and film, talk show host to author great failures of the extremely success. Didn't even make any sense of the extremely success. Well that's what it says. You're not paying any attention because we just got a thousand four votes. See? I bought the hump came right in there while we weren't paying any attention. I was reading that very poorly written and very bad reading by the way of a Stevie Uncomme. Too bad. So me. If you're like it, so me. Okay. I'll call Lord. Do you have most when Neil gets blank intensive politics? 3.049 like that article. I just got through reading about man, coder and B.O. I like that. Keith Oldenman calls him Bill O. He calls him B.O. Religion, Twitter and 12. God forbid. We don't want to talk about religion. All those guetskies will all burn and hell together. That's bad. Especially with pace, offcoming. And then Easter in the egg hunt. The egg roll. What does the egg roll have to do with the Jesus thing? Crucified. What's it to have to do with Easter? So, pagan ritual Easter is originally a pagan holiday that they superimposed gender. I think I think he had to say that wrong isn't it? Pagan Jose for sure. Yeah, that's what it looks. I would enjoy most when Neil gets station management in 10, 149. I hate this Paul 61, 6% Sex 57. Now we're talking. I said sex sex in 10, severe 57. Food 55 ratings 53. Hockey 41. My space 20. And Godfather only 7. Solomon, they see it. This is I with this new. We have some breaking news now. We told you about this off the top of the president of the United States commenting on the latest controversy on those eight US attorneys being fired and attorney general of her token's office. Let's listen in. I have one of these US attorneys. And they all serve. However, we will not go along with a reasonable solution to the issue. It will be regrettable. And that is completely appropriate. I proposed a fishing expedition. The idea was rejected. I hope they don't choose learning the facts. Outstaff is always confusing. I also want to say something to the US attorney's who was on. How? And why? President Bush wrapping up his all-perfect installments. So if you ask, go ahead. He asked those awards. 2016 votes. Anybody interested? No. And this guy's called me before. Give me a son that ends about American Idol. And dancing with the stars. Dancing with the stars. You're fair. And you have break. You have a life you idiot. You're simple than you. But that was a pretty good call. Yes, it was. Great. I've been the only one today. You never know though. You know how I surprised him. I kind of got him golf guard. That's the way to do it. Thousands of those at British guy again. One of those owners. The none. She says the a pope perform a miracle. I tell you one thing you could have performed a better miracle from the neck off. Funny. If she would look like a guy. And I'll be guy. I don't know. 2016 votes on the pool. Godfather's bringing up the rear. Not good. We got still 12.93. I don't know what you were thinking about. I was thinking about vacation. That's right. This is your last day before vacation. It's your last day before vacation. Everybody call. I said, hey George, have a great time. I don't know anywhere. No. What the hell kind of vacation is that? A cheap vacation. That sucks. Yeah. So it's a good thing that you're not going to work. Because then I would have screwed up your whole vacation when I told you Friday. Probably we're going to come in the world. Yeah, I'll come in the world. I just told you I had that dilemma that I'm leaving it one o'clock on Friday. No, I'll take another. No problem. I'll come in on Friday and take off another Friday. Should have taken this one. See ya. I'll two late. They're already here. David Moberg. Remember Mo? That that would be like if Mo made it with Hank Goldberg. Me, did I say. We David Moberg. You think? Howard David Moberg. Wow, that's it. Put all those pieces together. Well, since we ain't got Mo to kick around no Mo, things just aren't the same. And we're real happy about that. Obama's community roots in 1985. First it graduated from Columbia University. We're working for a New York business consultant. Barack Obama decided to become a community organizer. But we liked the idea. He didn't understand what the job involved. And his inquiries turned up a few opportunities. Then he got a call from Jerry Keldman. And organized a working on Chicago's far south side for community group based in the churches of the region. And expensive white black and Latino blue collar neighborhoods that were reeling from the steel mill closings. Keldman was looking for an organizer for the new developing community project. DCP, which we focused on Black City neighborhoods. Obama only 24 struck board members is awesome and extremely impressive. And they quickly hired him at 13 grand a year plus 2000 bucks for a car. He got blue Honda Civic, which Obama drove for the next three years, organizing more than 20 congregations to change their neighborhoods. Despite some meaningful victories, the work of Obama and hundreds of other organizers didn't transform the south side or restore lost industries. But it did change the young man who became the junior senator from Illinois in 2004. And it provides clues to his world view as he blinsed with the Democratic presidential nomination. I can't say we didn't make mistakes that I knew what I was doing about a recall three years ago. To a voice risk convention of these selected VCP. Sometimes I call the meeting and nobody showed up. Sometimes, preachers said, why should I listen to you? Sometimes we try to hold politicians accountable and they didn't show up. I couldn't tell whether I got more out of it than this neighborhood. But he continued to agree up to be a man right here in this area. It says the consequence of working with this organization in this community that I found my calling. There was something more than making money and getting a fancy degree. The measure of my life would be public service. After a transient youth and earnest surge for identity Obama also found a home a community with which he continued relationships. A church in a political identity. He owned his town for listening. Learned pragmatic strategy. Practice bringing very people together to develop the faith in ordinary citizens. This still influences his campaign message. He discovered the importance of personal storytelling in politics and workshops stories that we find a style. Later as a politician he worked closely with community groups, though not as art and as another community organizer turned politicians in the late senator Paul Wellesown. As a presidential candidate he frequently refers to his community organizing asking supporters the treatis campaign is a social movement and he's just an imperfect vessel of your hopes and dreams. Obama worked as an organizer at a time when her Washington's election is mayor's, stirred his hopes and dreams as well as those of black and progressive in the city. Interviews with people who work with him during that time listen few complaints, virtually everyone described him in glowing terms including dedicated hardworking, dependable intelligence, inspiring, a good listener confident but self-efacing. The expressed admiration for a mis-enorganizer who trans-strong community leaders while keeping himself in the background. And as a strategist who can turn general problems into specific, vulnerable issues. The writer Augustine Herron, a member of the DCP board that hired him, remember him as someone who always followed the high road. You've got to do it right, you because him insisting, but you'll find with the issues, include the community instead of going behind the communities back and it would include people we didn't like sometimes. You've got to bring people together. If you have to exclude people you're only wickening yourself. If you meet behind doors and make decisions for them, the love and take ownership of the issue we said. Obama worked in the organizing tradition of Saul Alinsky who made Chicago the birthplace of modern community organizing as translated through the Gamma-Leo Foundation on a several networks of faith based organizing. Often back in front of officials with insisting citizens rather than exploiting personal connections, a traditional black democrats proposed, Obama and DCP protected community and interest regarding landfills and helpful in employment training services, playgrounds, after school programs, school reforms and other public amenities. One day, a resident at the old gardens, a geographic re-isolated public housing projects, around a by waste sites, brought an notice about planned removal of us bestas from the project manager's office. Obama organized a community to find out if there was asbestos in their apartments, they persisted as officials lied and delayed, then took a bus with far fewer people in Obama had anticipated, it challenged authorities downtown. Ultimately, the city was forced to test all the apartments that eventually began cleaning them up. In his autobiography, Dreamers from my father Obama writes that the bus trip changed him in a fundamental way, because in a hint of what might be possible in there for asperers you on, that bus ride kept me going, I think he said, maybe it still does. Originally, times were for a content that Obama overstated his own importance ignoring others who were working on environmental issues, but in the book he's extremely modest about his role in accomplishments, as much as he was organizing when he refused to organize his suggestions that he imposed the roof of achievements. There was no campaign without Barack comments says he was there to get people organized when they wouldn't organize it all. Hazel Johnson, longtime F. K. Gardens environment elected to say, yeah, he's a good organizer, I have to give it to him. But Obama grew restless, and eventually went to Harvard Law School. He said, you can only go so far in organizing, you help people get solutions sometimes, but it's never as big as wiping away problems, says Michael Evans a D.P.C. organized a after Obama left. It wasn't end all, he wanted to be partly end all to get things done. But Obama kept his ties to D.C.P. worked out of its office when he ran a graduate registered 150,000 new voters in 1992, and became the springboard for his own grassroots campaign for the Illinois State Senate. Obama's politics of transcendent unity, which is a peer of many voters, has its roots in his work as a bridge builder in the words of Reverend Anthony Van Zanton, overcoming the Gulf within D.C.P. between Catholic and Protestant churches. But this vision of how many also reflects his Obama's dissafe for conflict, personality, personality, wise, directed not like the confrontation, he was a very nice young man, very polite, it was a stretch for him to do a linsky techniques, he was more comfortable in dialogue with people. The challenging power was not an issue for him lack of civility was. Obama's organizing history made give few clues about what policies he would pursue as president, Obama the presidential candidate still shows his roots. A faith in ordinary citizens, a quest for common ground in a pragmatic inclination to are defining issues in minimal ways. Even when Obama was an organizer, Augustine here in Trolden, he'd be the nation's first black president. Now the Reverend Alvin love whom Obama recruited D.C.P. looks at his candidacy and says, everything I see we've flexed that community organizing experience. I see the consensus building, his connection to people, I'm listening to their needs, and trying to find common ground. I think it is hard for Rack as a community organizer. I think what he's doing now is that it's just a larger community to be organized. You go, Barack, he demand, I'm telling you right now, he's going to electrify this country. You'll see. All right. Believe me, you believe me. I'm about Chris, Chris is like kind of like Chris wants an over loss. P.R. was going to give another shot. No, that's okay. You sure that now? I'm very sure that. Don't want to roll up your sleeves and lift up the engine and do, do, do, do, get out all the old manuals, huh? And do, do, do, do. That was such a testimony to the ignorant of the masses, man. In fact, and of course, guess who put him on the air? Guess who made him what he became? He says a rich, a hateful piece of crap. 103, 2. Now what are we going for today? 1,200. That sounds good on a Friday. Friday is a little bit down. A little bit down. It's probably wasn't really good idea to be rustling up a whole bunch of new mice face people when we got one. Probably 93 or still 7 short. Still short. Not good. 132. So what do you think Chris? 121. Yeah, we can do 1200. Easy. Gotta be more enthusiastic, man. Gotta like, you know, because George is pushing hard to get giant back in there. It's right. Yeah, we can do 1200. Ha ha ha ha. What a suckling man. You're just amazing. I just, you know, you feel okay today because, you know, if you want to do it better. Yeah, but you are. After Josh Curtis was in the beginning yesterday and we had such a good time. He's feeling a hell of a lot better. He was only on for an hour by the way. And then the girl was on for an hour and 50 minutes to the ball game time. I have no idea who was on to the ball game and neither was anybody else because nobody was listening. I enjoy it most when Neil gets blank intensive. That's our very, very excellent poll who was and wasn't one of our regular poll people either yesterday. Remember the thing came in kind of like on a sloppy piece of paper like somebody at her. It is like somebody among all you know where was from? What? It was one of our regular poll was from just somebody different university dodge. Boy, they didn't do any work down there at all, do they? All they do is send us facts as all day which I like that. I appreciate all of the facts is just the facts as man. 103, 7, 9, you're at most when Neil gets politics intensive. 358 like that nifty story he just read about Barack Obama. Religion to 19, station management 150 do such it as it is. I hate this full 63 and even 6% whatever. When you get sex intensive 58, I got news for it. When Neil gets sex intensive, you're in here dead air he'll be out of there. He'll be out of the streets crawling, grabbing his waist. That's right. Food intensive 56. No more food for this kid until lunch time. Ratings 55. Ratings 55. Hockey 42, my space only 22 they hated. We don't want to hear about that crap. And the gun father only does say closeness need. This is pretty quick. Whenever I shave my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12 for one hour. Sometimes I feel that life is nothing made by. Sometimes I feel that people don't want to smile. And I turn on my radio. It makes me smile like a child. Neil Rogers on my radio. Neil Rogers on my radio. Oh yeah. Oh. I miss it. The ball rings. Looks better than a live radio show every morning on TV. Just about anything. But that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teaning up with radio's original bad boy. We now look like a nasty old lady. I'm a cell and interness, coffee sucks. Yes, every morning, see I miss listen to a table of other people's hair. Why? I bought the air. I didn't have it a bite into those muckling. Someone asked questions. Why? Behind the scenes. I'm a fan of the Ivan. You're a wall. Cookbook at you. Get me some fresh coffee. He's irreverent. What's the deal? The ball. What's the deal? He's in coherent. I'll tell you why. There's a double in the present. What does it matter? He's a star. He's only on MSNBC. People channel nobody watches. And a bunch of AM radio stations. Nobody listens to them. Somebody gets some fresh jingles. I'm right. He's going to have shit to kick back on their front. I'm pretty soon. Which means they're going to be a big gap. Maybe they can bring back what's his name. Who was it? They used to have O.J. McDuffian midday. Oh, hey. Don't tease. And I see the voce is going to be doing all kinds of baseball games. A lot of graves games stuff like that. So he's going to be around. Maybe they can just sign off in midday. Be a big improvement. 1,059 votes on our poll. We're going to make 1,200 easy. 100 this hour. No sweat. What all? It's good thing to have his Chris isn't. He's not 100% he's a little bit under the weather. Probably laying back, stewed back in the field. And my real. It's just so clean food and it's not. Oh, nice. Oh, nice. Right up. Even with both eyes. Isn't that really nice? He's feeling much better out of the way. And cheer with his big people. Yeah. One thing about us to fat people man. We're never too sick to eat. I'll tell you that. He's in the pink. Yeah, but never too sick to eat. A very nice. Mm-hmm. What does this music have? Oh, it's your cargo again. I thought, yeah. I thought, just keep it in there. Okay, so we're going to do another ball game. No ball game today, by the way. Don't go running for the radio. As soon as I say ball game, when it's a bad move on my part, you can just hear them racing for the radio though. Oh, another Marleake. Oh, holy crap. Oh, no, like that. Just rely. I said, right, no, no, no. Maybe there is one, but we don't care. That's my point. And the good news is next week, Monday and Wednesday. We have Marleake's regular season baseball. Wow. What a shame. Now, see, you get screwed. Yeah, I know. Well, sooner or later. Yeah. Marleake's at the Washington Nation at 105. The free game show Marleake's on deck at 1230 Monday. And then Marleake's at the Washington Nation. Let's see Tuesday's night game Wednesday at 105 free game Marleake's on deck at 1230 again. So we get to say, you get, but yeah, that's okay. It's where it goes. Probably the week that you run, there aren't any ball games at all when I'm on vacation. Probably we're across the pond. That's how it works for me. When I'm on the dam rack, man, it's a, I'll contact you from the internet from the easy internet cafe on the dam rack. All right. All right. What? I said, all right. I could do that. Yeah, you can do a page and I could send you like an email on there and say, hey, it's really great over here. I'll kind of stuff going on and a lot of wild perversion because it's an empty name and stuff like that. You could call the hotline when you're sitting on the can. Yeah, I got to text you from the can like you did these lines. You know what you could send a instant message or a picture. A picture on the can? Sure. Why do I want to do that? Oh, for M. Grins. Oh, brother. 10 62 on a pool of 162. I just mentioned that. You know, people there are a lot of people I'm sure because I have no idea. I have no idea. I have no idea. And so they keep track of that kind of stuff. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised at all. You know how there are people. I don't know why. I used to do is a kid do the keeps score of a baseball game and we'll see two on the radio watching on TV. They actually have a scorebook like they would say. I don't even know if you're at the ballpark. Why you do that. That's so stupid. I can see if you're broadcasting the game like I used to do. Of course, you keep score because then you can do it and say, hey, they're back into forefitting. You struck out and you're going to be in the fifth inning. You lined up to the second basement. Something like that. But I have a feeling that we have people out there who have their own Neil Rogers scorebook. And it keeps score of how many votes we have each day at a given time. You know what I mean? Like I like it. Right. Like a chart. I hope I'm wrong about that. But I don't think so. Some through South Carolina. Nothing could be fine. Then it's stay out of South Carolina. Am I right about that? That's right. Some through a gay couple looking to run a hotel room and say they were turned away because of their sexuality. She wasn't as sweet about it said Jason Pickle. Referring to my hotel employee. She was not a pilot. She just said, we do not rent a gay people. Especially if their name is Pickle. Wow. Can you imagine a gay guy named Pickle? Must be some comedy moments there. For the past two and a half years, Pickle and they're in black bear. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. Sounds like an Indian or something. I don't know what they have been in a committed relationship. During a search for a temporary home, the couple says it went to a Affordable Sweets of America, a long-term stay hotel on Giants Street, GIO and Gien, Javod in Sumter. We were inquiring about price deposits extra person feet. And she asked to there was going to be four. She said, for my partner and myself, Pickle said, she said, We don't rent a lot of people at the same sex. I said, so you don't rent a gay couple. She said, no, we don't rent a gay people at all. Couples, singles, tri-factors, quad actors, quit couplets, whatever. All of these things. The website for Affordable Sweets of America states that the company does not allow children or pets in its sweets, but there's no mention the same sex couples. Channel 19, where would a hell of a woman's a summer in South Carolina? Obviously, contacted the hotel posing as a potential renter and acquired about two men staying in the same room. The receptionist who went to the phone told us to follow in. Our policy is we don't rent a two people of the same sex if we only have one bed. Is that your official policy we asked? That's corporate policy because they only have one sleeping area when we asked, is, okay, can we share the bed? I suppose it could be most men don't want to. She said, most men don't want to share a bed, especially if it's one of the, like, teeny, tiny, posted sizes, stamp of beds. However, when news 19 called the owner of the hotel, Carol Atkinson, he said there have been some confusion. He says, any couple can come to the place and they'll rent to them period. Atkinson says the policy was not meant to target homeless sexuals. He says that we're just trying to stop two single people from being in the same bed. Well, what's wrong with two single people being in the same bed? What's wrong with that? Nothing. Pickle and black bear say they still couldn't see legal action. Ever have pickled black bear? Oh, the leash. In a jar. Everyone is forward-shocked and outraged. Pickle, we've contacted some of our friends or activists. Currently, there's no state law preventing hotel from refusing service to a same sex couple. However, it's illegal to discriminate on the basis of race, Queen, color, national origin, gender, this will be a more moral status. If they have a policy it has to be maintained fairly equitably, said Tom Sponsiler, president of the hospitality association in South Carolina. At the beach, for example, because there are different bike weekends at the beach, that policy has to be enforced and consistent. There's currently a bill in the South Carolina State Senate vetted dresses issue. The measure posed by Charleston Democrat Robert Ford, where he's expanding lodging and establishing an act to include a probability of discrimination because of the orientation or gender identity. Or how many people want to like all cozy up in one little opposite-stand-sized bed? Oh, not Crocker, Crocker. Yeah, we want to make sure that single people don't happen to sing a little better together. Got to know what you know is what kind of things they might be doing in there. You're like that, you know? Kind of garbage. That's South Carolina for you, man. That's where all the grits he's want to go. Isn't they want to make their state? We don't hear those articles anymore. And you want to know how many people they got together to do that? Yeah, that's why we don't hear them more about it. They were going to make it the first all Christian state, baby. And they're going to get all the gets keys, all the hate mongers, all the fundamentals, lunatics, all gathered in South Carolina. I think it's a perfect place for him if he asks me. 1070 on a pool by the bottom of the air will have our 1100 1200 easy today. In fact, we might have really gone out of the women shot for 13. We might have. You know what I said in the past tense, but we won't. Nobody QAN, hello. Sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sport, sports, sports sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, physical, conscious sports, all the weight, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports sport, sports, sports, sports. Okay, thanks, do what has to do? Well, what have they gotten? SNR wasn't Korean anaer railway. What do they get to get a lot of Florida's taxes, except throughout the Sunday. I'm inhuman. I bet he's doing a good job of that. So he'll go on. baseball season starts this coming weeks so he'll be on a way out and what do they got maybe they can put Daniel a bastion in stew got sent for like 15 hours a day what do you think about that and maybe we can all in toast back over there what do you think what do you think about that Chris yeah sure I think they got rid of that square round peg table this morning or overall then we really I've I've tried a tune in like on the way in around eight o'clock to see what's on I haven't noticed it this week so oh happy day if you guys that by the Edmund Hawkins singers are happy day no I do when the square table is gone oh how do you I'm gonna go out I'm gonna pray to the Lord how the Luria I have found Jesus no more square round the chupah I'm on table I'll ride I love this song almost makes you want to get religious yeah well I'm gonna go to the whole theater I can see what kind of feeling I like the holy rose you know they're all world and wine but I weren't you gonna eat I would have picked it their hands on you're feeling alive that's why there's so happy too I actually bought this month now why would it do like me a jupy like me I used to get beat up by the Catholic sisters I was doing why do I know what I'm about right about Jesus I just think it's a good song I still like the song yeah you too I like in Jesus song yeah I think that would be a great format let's go to Christian music I ride starting Monday every year I'm gonna be around you show I think I'm Christian song but the front of the headless hate this you know I was I hate this song and hate this movie because Jesus was not a painted clown Jesus was serious did not have a such Jesus is on serious what time is that your life did you like the song day by day yeah not really okay I mean you know I wouldn't like to put my gut cell when I heard it but I wouldn't say I liked it if I liked it that means I probably wouldn't hear it again now all happy day which I never say anything about day by day all happy day is the one I said I liked that a lot yeah we didn't kill that that is the most depressing role of a piece of crap proper teen at five sixty w q l I like the whole little boy everybody's going back to see me as movie now there's no way about the crucifixion just get past the violin for movies back now and these go see the crucifixion all I knew where to be making this movie was not what you said come on come on watch the crucifixion with me I can't wait 12 18 at five sixty w q l I'm happy a Easter happy pace I'll happy all these for business holidays man what's a nonsense and then the sad part of it is for what is the old pole piece of slipper look at it he's hovering over that thing wouldn't be the first time I'm sure the only thing we got for pace off is that and the bread is wonder and the season pace off we love her so much but anyway she went and we also got to the case you missed it that's it for the jewelities and the bread is wonder I guess I could play that you have to hear twice under two different names did you ever know that yeah shame I think they're too dirty The other one's called Passover 711. It's the same bed. It is the same bed that the two of you are different versions. Same person. No, it's the same bed. It's the same bed. We usually have two versions. We all bought a problem with how these people do it in studio. We had that first and then we had to have a nice small team. We don't have that in no mode. Of course, even if we did have it, we probably couldn't play it in no mode. Because we're in the Joyce area now, man. Everything we want to play. All of a stuff that would make you laugh and pee in your pants and just, I tell everybody about, we can't play that in no mode. Nonetheless, we just continue playing a right-along. Because Jesus loves us. Speaking of that, somebody sent this in. Somebody said, keep the facts coming by the way. Okay, keep them facts is pouring in every day. Remember, once upon a time when I started doing this thing and taking almost no calls, I'm sitting in fact as all the time. Just like the one that's in the guy that's in, we think him profusely or whoever it is, sitting all the stories about the child molesting priests. WQAM, hello. That's Com-Captic. The Eastern Season unveiling an anatomic, correct chocolate sculptor of Jesus Christ, dubbed My Sweet Lord by its creator, has infuriated Catholics prepared to observe some of the holiest days of the year. How do you like that? Oh my God. Nice sweet Lord. Boy, there's diabetes, there are traps everywhere, even in the Easter season. And of course, in case of it, he can be. I love that song. Be it too. There's another one. What's not to like? He's up at it. Another song, I love it. George Harrison and got my mindset on you. I explain it in life. I love it a lot. Huh? He had a lot of good songs. He had. He had. He'd be dead. He died. He died. He died. He's so glad he just can't sing in no mode. That's all. Now you expect me to talk to this up on a can barely for the day. George Harrison and Ben to begin acting. The sick was stopped in by Kazimokavalata. That's enough. What's today? You on Monday evening, four days before Christians marked the crucifixion of Jesus on good Friday. The final day of the exhibit, the lab gallery inside Manhattan's largest mytho, tell us, plan for Easter Sunday. How freaking sac religious man, you're all going to burn in hell, man. Going to be like a gigantic barbecue, a Bobby Q. This is one of the worst assaults on Christian sensibilities ever said, oh, William Donna who there is again with a teeth clenched these angry. These are always angry. How do they camp with the watchdog group? It's not just the oven. This is the portrayal of the timing to choose holy because astounding he said, William Donna who he fired off and pissed up and how as I go, pissed up and fired off. Right, pissed up and fired off. Right. The gallery's creative director Matt Simler said the lab and the hotel were overrun with angry telephone calls and emails. Overrun. The gallery was considering, I thought, overrun would like mice and rats and roaches and stuff like that. But overrun, the gallery was considering his options. He said, we're obviously surprised by the overwhelming response in the offense. People have taken said somewhere. I didn't let the holy week time was just a coin key link. The artwork, any other thing talking about choice. I've told you this before and it's true. Jack Barry had a kid show. I told you this before named Winky Dinkin' You. And that was when I was a little kid, so it's got to be in the 50s. Maybe see, see, it's definitely in the 50s. So it's 50 years ago. And if they try to put a show on now called Winky Dink, I guarantee a man that the FCC and a bunch of self-appointed guests would be having an nervous breakdown. They might be winking a little bit, but you can't say no Winky Dinkin' You'll know. The artwork was created for more than 200 pounds of milk chocolate. And it features Christ with his arms outstretched. The Cavalier All Creation does not include a coin cloth. Oh no! Oh, not a chocolate. Oh my goodness. Long-shitting, I plenty of those in the NBA. A publicist for the gallery said the artist was not available for comment. Cavalier All Creation was raised in Canada and Italy. All of the figures Canada, a lot of perverts here, baby. That's why I'm here. His best known for his quirky work with food and past efforts to include Repaining a man-henten hotel room in melted mozzarella. Hmm. What are you doing up there? A meat in the walls. Spring five tons of pepper jack cheese on a white-wing home and festooning a four-post or bed with three hundred and twelve pounds of processed ham. Oh, there's nothing like having some serious meat in your bed, but that's not what I was thinking about. Three hundred and twelve pounds of processed ham. How do you like that apples? This is like the guy. Remember the pink islands? Who the hell was that guy? Oh, oh, oh, oh, Chrisco. Chrisco. Chrisco. Yeah, Chrisco. He's great. He's great. He's great. He's great. He's great. He's great. He's great. He's great. Yeah. And this is another one of these pseudo-electual guys, you know, this funny below me. Like Andy Worldhold of the Cous Campbell Soup Canyon. Oh, that's really pretty and art, Neil. That's what art is really all about. You're just too much of a slob, yeah. Thunder Standard. Good. I don't want to understand that crap. Cover the islands out there by, I'll, after you've which islands in off the, the Venution Causeway or the other way out there. But I heard the elephant. The elephant. Well, we're going to hell they were. Covered up in pink plastic. Oh, look at this. It's another work of art. And look at, and of course, it's a crap. Forget how much it cost him to do that, you know. A dollar starving. There are people who are like eating out of garbage cans out of them. See dumpsters. People eating poison cat food. And the meantime, this smakele comes along. And his thing is he's going to decorate the islands with pink plastic. Wow. And of course, when it's pink plastic, you're far as that, tell ya. $1,92 votes for what they keep talking about this. We called pet food to make it such a big sum of stuff out there. And if I was you, all pet is in rolling, and hundreds of officials are on the case, means on P to activists want the FDA to extend the call. Some people now believe that dry food is what caused to their animal's death. And so the question has to be asked, shouldn't dry foods be added to the recall list. P to is calling for precautionary dry food recall until it can be chemically tested, and it's safety assured. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you don't want to eat dry food, you can eat dry food. If you're right about the square table in the other crab, then we ought to be like Kevin Billboards out. The coast is clear. You can listen to the Kenny and Bo morning show. The square table is gone. People are going to be having big parties. Oh, we can't log to celebrate. I noticed it a couple days. I wasn't here yesterday. I asked their interns today. He's like, well, I don't know if it's gone or we've been kind of out on the road. I'm like, it's gone, basically. They haven't done it three, four days. Let's go on. Q. A. Hello. Hello. Yes. My name is Richard Glicks. I'm a long time listener of your program. Yes. I'd like to invite you and your producer to my book signing at books and books on April the 4th at 6 p.m. The title of my book is Nobody's Perfect. Like for tea. Hello. Hello. What? Well, using your money to leave him on? Oh, he got cut off somehow. I'm not going to cut off. I'm not going to cut off somehow. I'm going to ask him if he was going to have refreshments there at the book. Yeah, refresh my ass. Okay. Get out of here. Where do you feel like going to have refreshments? What kind of a thing? You see what I mean about these people, lots of phone calls. We don't have a book. Happy Pace Off, Dick. Oh, my. Woo. He'll be a book. He'll be a book by the way. signing. I guess he has to sign lots of wood like a magic marker. See that's another really pathetic thing about all the things that you pay a lot of you. Most of you people are going to be doing these next couple of weeks. Not a lot of you. Most of you are going to be doing. I hope not. Not this evening audience are most of our people are too smart to get suckered and doing that crap. Just like on ass wins they smear any ashes on the forehead like some kind of a freak. Like you woke up at a dimstee dumpster or something. Crase all mighty. You know, you're going to get with it. And why? We got to eat maca because we can't eat 11 bread. If you ever put a hamburger, how about a cheeseburger on maca? That sounds really train. That's a burger. And I guess something I know I'm happy to bed. Little on the messy side. I don't know how to eat that baby, but a maca burger. Mmm. Nasa Cristo. Level four on the pool. All of the dumb things that people do. And why do they do it? Because their parents told them that and their parents before that. Because this is tradition. So as killing people is tradition. Okay? Does that make a right? Does that make a mean that people with a brain do stuff like that? Oh, we can't eat regular bread and we have to drink a lot of wine and get ice get sugar. W few a and hello. W. W. W. Hello. Yeah. Can I talk to Neil please? Speaking, please. Neil, how are you? There's a silver fender fine. How's everything? Okay, sir. Yeah. Yeah. Hold on, hold on. I'll leave it on my video. Turn that thing off, man. Smash it. I just wanted to compliment you. Great show. Love your show. And I'm from India. Now you're from India, man. Yes, sir. I get a lot of people from India here in Toronto, man. I'll say that. I know. I think half your country is here. And by the way, quick, having them outsourced all the jobs to your people. We're getting pretty peo about that. I know. I know. But that's it. I know. I know. But that's it. It's all. I thought it was. Okay, see you. I didn't say it was his fault. He's just had a little fun with the guy and you can all the fence and now. What's that all about? Don't forget everybody. Neil, I'm a zizzi. You're a cat to ask in time for a paisach. That's part of the ritual that we do. I just made that one up. Rabbi Neil. Rabbi Nakhman. My real doctor out of no eye, all those other fuzz are right. It's just it's so pathetic. And when you've even had like a little taste of it, you know, when you've had a little bit of experience with it. I mean, like me, I wasn't I didn't grow up in an even slightly religious family. They went on the high holidays, you know. The holidays when you get high, when you have to be high to participate. Oh yeah. That's what most Jews do in my experience. I mean, of course, then there was a relic stream is the Orthodox and the Uber Orthodox. And the real obnoxious, far-bison getch keys, but nevertheless, see me. We're Jewish Judaism was never really much of a religion. It was more like a, you know, a culinary thing, a dietary club. Let's go get some blinches. Oh, that's what I'm going to have for lunch. I'm going to go get me some blinches. Some months of all soup and blinches wouldn't be a great way to celebrate paisach. Yeah, I sure. That sounds really good to me. No, I don't know. That's a bad idea. Maybe instead I'll have some kosher, see, I'm going to get in the car, go to, I'll rent a car and drive the buffalo to amherst. And get that kosher for paisach. Cold stone cream, you guys can get. It's a certified kosher. The rabbi left his mark on it. Okay, let's just stain on the container. 11.06 on that poll today. And how's the Godfather doing? Bring it up the rear, only 20. I'll go, we're not five. It's going to pass my space. Maybe that's why we don't have it. We stuck at that 1293 on there. Maybe all the people who were interested in my space. Maybe we got them all now. And this crowd. Maybe it's possible. I had three new requests this morning, but of course, I've only got like 400 something as opposed to your, you know, 7,000. Yeah, really requests from like real people and friend requests. Well, I, that's not getting crazy. People. I don't know how real they are. In other words, not people just trying to pedal a product and win some kind of a stupid iPhone or something like that. Two out of the three where real people won was what you just said. A peddler. Peddling crap. Yeah, I can't. And then when somebody the guy this morning said, thanks for the ad. Uh, back when we first started doing that thing and people would write, Thanks for the ad. And I'd say, what? What does that mean? Thanks for the ad. Well, what does that mean? I mean, I know what it means, but it's just so. Just stopping by to say hi and thanks for the ad and thanks for the memories and all these other stupid and cliches. Hey, it's just like the lots of man's or something. Or speaking of lots of man. I haven't played that in years, you know, I play that old. Everyone. Probably the reason I hadn't played it because it sucks. Mmm. They think. Oh, yes. As a new pro husband, found Mr. Sto. He's a good spot in what I see. I think it's okay. I think it may become a very soon as a matter of fact. Oh, it'll kill some time. And we'll kill two minutes and twenty four seconds. Another we're trying to kill time here. We are here to dazzle you and to entertain and to make you day almost survivable and livable and sound slower. That's what we're here to do. And also to get that paycheck. As a new pro husband, round the disco. He's a spot in what I see. He's like a muck, a ball. He went through you to shot. And you need to. He's just won't hit got a bagel. Before the cream cheese. Hey, hey, hey, hey. He's a spot somewhere somewhere somewhere. Come there, crochet this car king. He's a lot somewhere somewhere somewhere. He's got a fee. A lot somewhere. Right out. Hey, looking, looking, looking. Got a fee. Much, much, much, much, much. I don't know why. I can't back. Hey, I'm rock man. I don't know. We gotta be much less. To win the time. First, what do you say? We grab an egg cream. Yeah. He's got a good chea. Y'all are dipping this with the jajaj. I can eat much. She can live with. And any men are wise. I'm not afraid. I'm not afraid. I'm not afraid. I'm not afraid. I'm not afraid. That's forget for me. Everybody, everybody, everybody. Work out there. I'm a chea-chan. Petrovich. Everyone, bag! Everybody, everyone, bag! Everybody, everyone, bag! Take a look, I don't know what they call that, but it's like I do know what they call but I can't think of it. When they bring you the bread, you know before the meal, you know, basketball and bread. And they're lots of men go look at your prophyltic on your space on my space on your space. Okay. Now what does that have to do with what I was just saying? No, nothing. Nothing. Nothing. It is a beauty. Wow, the on father. Nice job and go. What the cat and everything. Oh no, what a kid and cat. This is like you've ever been to one of those literally and figuratively. I would always say about the 10 of restaurants with their doggy like that. What do they call that? It is very much like moths. It's like almost like crackers. You know what I'm sure of? What do they call that? I don't know. No, it's not moths, a man. It's not moths is for goiam. It's moths for goiam. Moths are my ass. When state voters agreed to let the slots roll in south, they were promised that Texas raised from the machines would go to benefit education. They were my sweet and Mars would buy in Saturday. I should've wanted to give back that money I want on Wednesday. Maybe I'll play in nickels. During a heated fall, 2004 campaign, components filed that hundreds of millions of dollars with the state's public school system of casinos were allowed in Broward and Dave. Similar to the sales pitch made to win support for the Florida lottery in the 80s, expectations were that the money would be set aside for specific improvements in education. Now the biggest I was not to be operating in Broward for several months. Florida legislators have begun to debate over how to spend the tax revenue they generate and local lawmakers aren't real happy about the solutions being proposed that it did. Big bucks are involved the state estimates more than $50 million in taxes will come from Broward's slots in the budget year that starts July 1. By 2010, the sum could top 300 million. The state sent a wants to put their money into programs aimed at helping college students and how to wants to fund one of these state's public school operating fund without specific instructions of what it should pay for. Broward legislators say neither option was the reason they are considering support the state's public education. All the employers are the same. They give you a solid advance and they just can't do it the right way. They always tell you one thing is the old bait and swish baby. If you're governor, bait and swish. Representative Jack Sard, a Democrat of the Manhattan Manor speaking that. The lead Democrat on budget issues in the House said voters were promised the money would go specifically the one hand said education and to be told exactly how the money is benefiting schools. When you promote constitutional amendments in the make representatives, we owe it to the people to follow through. Or when did that start in Florida? Senate budget writers have proposed using the new resource of revenue source to fund prepaid tuition scholarships. So this advantage show for the contents state universities and community colleges. The proposal from Senator Steve Wise Republican Jacksonville, chair of the Senate K through 12 budget committee calls for $20 million in slots revenue to be voted a special fund each year with interest from the money being used to finance the scholarships. Our objective is to provide the best education we can for all kids. Senator Evelyn Lynn Republican of our mind, be chair one of the Senate's higher education appropriation committee, wants to put some of the slots money into bright future scholarships, so the tuition costs for the regular years while the summer school will be paid. But a beat but a boot put about the house plan would plow all the revenue generated by slots into the operating fund for schools, but school districts would have the flexible to use the extra dollars anyway they want according to representative Curtis Richardson of Tallahassee a member of the House Education Budget Committee in a formerly on County School Board member. Some worry that voters will equate the promise to you, stocks money for education improvement with promises made when selling the save lottery. Lottery dollars the first were put into education, but soon supply and other funds to public schools with little extra money as they go into education. Nowadays, however, much of lottery money is used for pre-kind of garden classes and pay for bright future scholarships. But a beat but a boot put about the Bcos on. The old like I said, Bcos, it's Florida man, it's the Florida F and W. There's the right way to do it and then there's the Florida way to do it. Not slow, not fast, strictly half-assed. Pathetic. 112 votes on the pool like I told Chris we're going to make 1,200 day on a Friday. Not bad, not too shabby. That means we got maybe 1200 people voting unless of course there are 34 times of peace, which means we got at least 300 people listening. Right? Correct. Do the math as they say, whoever they are, I can't do the math. If I know who they were, man, I go to the brains out if I could find out where they are, probably sit in the bottom. 1124, I enjoy the most when he gets blank intensive. Politics, 391. It's like March of 2007, just come down. It's almost April, baby. Can you believe it? I believe it. Time flies. If as the crow flies, time flies. Ferries fly. Everybody's flying. I'm flying way pretty soon. And you're not. I think you got to go to North Carolina. Take care of that house. I'm going to take my mom to see it up north through the road. Oh yeah, leave her there. Leave her there like, you remember that woodchipping scene in Fargo? There are a lot of cliffs up there to know. Remember that woodchipping scene I do? I enjoy most when Neil gets station management intensive 156. If we had any I could talk about them, we didn't got anybody we're talking about. I hate this full 70, 6.2%. I enjoy most when Neil gets sex intensive 62. But what about on the show? I'm always sex intensive. Heavy heavy intensive. Radies intensive 60. Food intensive 58. Hockey intensive 45. What is that all about? I mean, I granted it's only 4%. What else at all about? Are they saying that's like suck up or something? And what is the reason for that? You know that's not true. Better. Probably comes to back to the full line. How it is. But technically, you're rolling at an end of the eight seconds lap. Probably. Back in his own zone. Up to Carlo. Holy Accompan. Just center. How many times they showed this? At least just to go lose it over time. Three to two. They couldn't afford to lose that game in a land last night. They did playoffs unlikely. Panthers playoffs no chance. But they've been winnily. They know chance. 1124 votes. I enjoy most when Neil gets hockey intensive 45. You should live so long. My space intensive 24 and the godfather is going to pass my space like awithstanding still 21. It is really lovely. Neil the godfather. For anybody there. And I was at right above the dog. That dog. Yeah. It's not too far above the dog doing it's trick. Yeah. Maybe somebody taught the dog to do that trick. What do you think? I don't know. That looks like a self-taught trick to me. Does it really? Well, he was frustrated. You can relate to it. Did anybody teach you? No. Well then. I wish they would have been if we can figure it out then. Certainly a dog can. Certainly a little bit of a little dog. You know, he was a frustrated. He was a good man. He was a good man. And he's a figure to give himself a helping paw. You've heard of this fresh and lend somebody a helping paw. Sure. So we got 1130 on the pool. Life is good. Five, six, seven, five, six. I'm just tempted. You know, the last hour of the week. To delve into it. Just a little bit. I don't want to stick my toe in there too far because I might get wet. You know? Just stick your toe in there a little bit. I can get some disease. We'll see. Once the lake hits us up, we'll see if there's going to be any action or not. I'll bite. Just a little teeny tiny bit. Maybe not. Although here's line one though. I heard the earlier lips are on your teeth. A bigger part. Said I was a go at a five, six, seven, oh, five, 60. Last chance because in the last hour, I'll just go through my huge pile here. I want to give them a golden opportunity. You can hear and share with us all of Britain. Like they got a call about the American Idol. And dancing with the stars. WDQA and hello. Yes. How you doing? Okay. How you doing at Windsor? How you doing at Windsor? Why? How you doing at Windsor? Why do you do at Windsor? How you doing at Windsor? How you doing at Windsor? Do you know where Windsor is like across the under Detroit? How am I doing at Windsor at the Hanus Houses? And that's another one when he gets harness racing in tents. If we should probably put that under, but don't, don't do it. WDQA and hello. We hate when you talk about my face above. WDQA and hello. Like I said, I stuck my toe in there just a little teeny tiny bit. And then all of a sudden maybe there was like a gator in the pool, you know? They got chomped on. I didn't see actually the winning gold misfame last night for a line. And I don't think I want to. I think I'll take the breakers up. I probably peeped my guts out. I'm sure you were like tuned in. Okay. Welcome up there by Steve. It'll remain in the song with stage and getting a free house. Are you new realize that there's a hockey team, the Florida Panthers in South Florida? And of course everybody has that one musical question. Then nobody can figure out the answer. Why? This is odd. This is odd. It's not a tumor. It's the one, the two hour. Oh, wow. Steve's in very hot hole. Boy, the old five. This beat that the the the the the the the the get me. I'm blown. Oh, blah, blah, blah, blah. The two listeners and audience we've tried to hear the new. Come. Come. Oh. Oh. Oh. Come. Oh. Oh. Ok. Ok. Oh, bro. Well, that's a sports related. Which could be the situation. Oh, no. Sports related, all right. And that's what makes it fun at all. Fun. Fun. Yeah, funny for us to giggle. Yeah. Funny for us to giggle. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Okay. Here it is gentlemen. both. You got this. electronic device to work. I need to tell you something about me. I need to tell you my mouth. I need to tell you my mouth. My mouth. And I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. No, no, no, no, no. I'm not looking sound with my mouth. I need to tell you what my mouth. How rich I am! I am most sick. Feel like you would şimdi take my mouth. I make my Mangas out with my mouth. I make my Mangas out with my mouth. I make a shell. I make my mouth, make my youch magnum. I make the gloves. Less work, oh yes sir. التص there you go because he's been there every day this week and maybe they did it a different time but I mean you should know that you just did it around the eight o'clock break. Yeah, and they haven't done it these last couple of weeks this last week Yeah, so either they were listening to you or in fact they're only getting one collar instead of the two that they need for the round table they gave it up Did he just answer my question and he just can be much enough? I told you I talked to their intern Eric and what did you say he said they have not had it this week But he didn't know because they were like, you know, they went to the ball game yesterday and so I got or if they just weren't doing it anymore But I guess I'm going to tune in by the evening Oh, yeah I'm going to be glued to the radio Monday morning, baby I'm going to be sitting here like on the edge of my seat waiting to see if we have the square table the oblong the rectangular the hexagonal whatever we got the puff tent You think it's gonna be different that's all like a good idea that the pop tent Yeah, who's in the puff tent? I think a lot of people are pitching a fit about that You're I could be wrong about that. I said something about pitching a tent I don't think many people are pitching a fit but I could be definitely wrong Don't get me started now. You're though you're the bad influence. All right The Pacific justice Institute is continuing to challenge Seattle Washington mayor Greg Nichols Frishling an executive order recognizing same-sex marriages from other jurisdictions for the purpose of providing employee benefits It was announced today, which with yesterday The legal organization is also criticized again for supporting legalization of same-sex marriages in Washington and for taking both actions It's quite the state lawmakers passing a defensive marriage act Domah Which limits marriage to one man and one woman All also begins the mayor for defying Domah is continuing Mayor Nichols signed the executive order mark 8 2004 and the press release has a timing noted that if he and his wife were to buy a house or visit a family member the hospital Absolutely nobody challenges us about the legitimacy of our matter. Merit will status He said for gay lesbian couples to be offered the same rights was a matter of fairness Mayor Nichols also lines July 26, 2004 and a press release Criticized the Washington state Supreme Court for upholding Domah He said the court failed and sentenced to tear down another wall of inequity and prejudice that is long Stain our strain our society to allow for homosexual marriage The Pacific justice Institute P.J. I saw a big lasting in some air according to a press release to stop to find the state Domah law Loss it was delayed while walked in states Supreme Court considerably Constitutionality to law, but now that the court is declared law constitutional the case against the nearest proceeding Kevin Snyder chief counsel for the Sacramento based PGA criticized the mayor for supportive homosexual marriage he said mayor Nichols motives are clear clear He said the real purpose of his executive order was not going to allow the government benefits for same-sex couples in Seattle But was to change state marriage laws Snyder said an press release that the mayor's comments one signing the executive order seemed to be an inappropriate statement If you're merely talking about employee benefits Snyder said the mayor's actions could have a ripple effect. Now the civic leaders around the country and that's why a stand must be taken Stand by your man is never Tammy one that said stand by your man Oh, that's bad Snyder said if the mayor's actions is a vote of homosexual marriage and against the state domalock continue This would give other local agencies the gumption To try to overturn the wrong state mirrors laws by going around it through these employ then if it's the gumption Is that a word that you use very often gumption just this morning gumption According the official position of the PGA the mayor's actions are another example of the line set Radical advocates of the same-sex marriage are going to go to advance their agenda Is that homosexual agenda, baby? It's really gay. Yeah Snyder recalled that a mission can court reject and similar actions by homosexual marriage supporters But it be that a boot put about and the beat goes on 1144 on a full I thought it would make 1200 and I without any problem at all no sweat Mad dog come up with two we got name ball games we got the Panthers in the crample tonight At the macarine of boy that should be one hell of a game Must win and the Panthers played the cramples again on Sunday Wow I'm getting all kinds of reports about how they have these desperate people that keep going around on the macarine We're heading to try to get you to renew your season tickets. Is there any way we can do it? I mean if we offer you like a bunch of free balloons and Stuff like that and cut give you like 10% off on the over price crappy food things like that. Is there any way you'll Know renew those season tickets? I'm not gonna make the pop playoff again, but nevertheless given a hell of a shot Even at a run The world's biggest manufacturer of household grooming and grooming products voice hopes this week That an urban distributor From a level company who would love voice mail messages this alleging that part of Parker Gambles profits went to devil worshiping cults did that make sense to you? Voice hopes yesterday that an urban distributes from a rival company would love voice mail messages Legend and part of parking gambles profits went to devil worshiping cults does make any sense to me That's that old Roomer that proguring gamble because of their symbol was in league with the devil I think press it the whole bunch are they is it everybody? Would Lucifer baby Lucifer PNG which owns Francis Panthers Gillette head and shoulders in Ariel has long been in despair over the stubborn refusal of such claims to go away Since the rumors first appeared in 1981 the corporation is Head of battle boycotts from Christian groups in other words crazy people Copa more than 200 thousand telephone inquiries from customers and 50 ability a hoard of mouth and Literally the internet to disseminate them The origins of this accusation are apparently based on a passage from the book of revelation in the Bible stating And they were appeared a great wonder in heaven a woman closed with a son and the moon under her feet and a potter head a crowd of 12 crown of 12 stars PNG's logo used to consist of a bearded and twin-horned man in the moon surrounded by 13 stars Exactly claims that this represented a deliberate mockery of the heavenly symbol were fueled by others Suggesting that a newer image of the mark of the beast the number six six six could be seen inside the logo Maybe on your pamper's I guess it depends That was corporation denied this pointing out that the stars were intended as a tribute to America's 13 original states And at the six six six six pattern and Mercerly if an arbitrary game of connected dots was played Oh, I played that all the time. No two sure acted dots. It took six six all the time PNG eventually abandoned the old logo on everything except some of its buildings but not before a new and even more Viral inversion of the urban myth emerged This alleged that the corporation's president appeared on the field on a huge March 1st 1994 to confirm that a large portion of his profits once his support the church of Satan All right It went on to quote the PNG executive boasting the mystery down here that this would not hurt business because there are not enough Christians in the US to make a difference There've been repeated the Niles from proctor and gamble and TV companies that anybody from the corporate that appeared on such a show Making such an extraordinary state man But a name for 95 Randy Hagen a dealer for Amway Corporation with self-sumber household merchandise Placed in audio message in the company's voice mail system repeating this allegation and urge listeners to boycott 43 listed proctor and gamble products PNG accused the other Amway distributors before reading the message including Steven Bibi has a gone by me Who told the court that there was no malicious intent my goal when I sent the rumor down was to fight the church of Satan He said you go baby Bibi Terry loft is a PNG spokesman said yesterday that the corporate should spend large sums of money defending its reputation from false allegations That it led to an uncutify of a loss of business The rumor will probably never go away completely, but the number of calls we get on it fall off significantly after we start taking Legal action yetted and why which is defended itself against directly collaging premises to the defense form of distributors if they seek to appeal against the court ruling Kate McLeod folks were willing for adequate Amway's parent company said that despite the form and making public apologies PNG has spent 12 years destroying their lives She added proctor and gamblers a 68 billion dollar company What they got out of this case is what they could earn in about two and a half hours and we think that is shameful She said it must be true the internet said so Oh, these are these are other similar things Marlboro cigarette packs contain references to the Ku Klux clan three case appear on the packaging and the horses legs and the field Morris Christ Outline white clan hoods Oh The occult symbol of the horned owl is visible in the center of the GA 2005 logo the white space within the logo forms the head and body of the owl And the horns are marked in white either side of the fissile flower Oh, these are important things to know When you listen to these carefully now an apple with a bite taken out of it may seem in a knockout his logo, but the occultist Think the apple logo represents the biblical fruit and symbolizes the path to self-dividity achieved through knowledge The AOL logo can be viewed as a stylized all-seeing eye a Masonic symbol of the devices that depict this image or logos of the win Starbucks and Adobe Photoshop and the Merkin dollar bill The dollar bill also shows another Masonic symbol the pyramid However the US government claims that these illustrations represent the work of nation building the unfinished pyramid and the divine eye of Providence A Klux examination a naked man with an erect penis can be seen in the camel cigarette logo And the figure six six six are visible within the world economic form logo all of these things, baby It's all the work of the devil. He's he works in a serious way just like the Lord man Now the Lord was all pissed off of the devil. What do you think he would like smite him? Smodam oh, he's he got him. They got those candles man James Cameron presents Jesus Christ in my Son starring Jesus Christ Mary Magdalene Judah and Pontius pilot as Uncle Charlie James Cameron presents Leave it to Judah scarring Hugh Balmon as Jesus our Billings lay as Mary 9 Dylan and Jerry Mothers as the Judah Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their Bible versus better? Well, I have the answer to your prayers from the makers of you sake my martyr comes again the whole family can enjoy Crucifixion Crucifixion is not just fun to play, but it forces everyone to know their Bible and it's easy to play First someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible and the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it But be careful if you pick a wrong letter your little Jesus doll gets nailed No, sorry, Belly You 3 nails and one sphere to the chest everyone loses But don't worry in three days you can play again So run down to your local crucifixion toy story and grab up your very own copy of crucifixion why not play tonight Come through the small Jesus doll nails in a tiny sphere fake blood wouldn't cross in hammering on included crucifixion Uprotic of Trinity brothers All right, it's that time of the year baby. We know the guest piece all the time got your Easter and your pace Aw, and your masses and your wine and your Easter eggs and those great little what tells the those candies little Easter eggs What I mean Easter candies just I hate to melt it no balls with like a candy I don't know to get yeah, I see you're starting again. I got to stop this stuff. You brought it up. I brought up one candy No, I did not I said they got a lot of Easter candy and then you brought up multiple Let them 57 on the full by the way. We got 42 minutes for 43 votes man if we can't do that We might as well close up shop I will shut this baby down We can do 43 minutes and 42 Whatever it is See I picked a pretty good number. I think we're gonna be right around that 12-in-a-marb Might not make it we need 41 votes in 42 minutes. Wait think Chris we got it now Then that was fancy The go in we're gonna be very upset you know at Easter time you don't say we got a nail that's a bad choice of words Well, I am a go in so it's okay No, you're not yeah, are you actually a heathen you believe in that crap? Well, I'm really Catholic by birth I mean you're Roman Roman Catholic by birth He's got what over there Roman by that place and Us another was you took a bath well that's good That whole thing I mean you can be started any one of those aspects of all that nonsense Duncan into the water oh yeah, so big the ago swimming in Lake Ontario Okay, I'll be up to about 14 degrees by now go take a go take a hike and stick your head in there stick your toe in there Oh look at that CNN's got a thing. What is a Christian? I can answer that with a lot of what I want you to let show That that's the answer to the question so I actually actually go to church I've been to church for a couple years And why is that I'm Catholic is that it if you fall in? Sure I don't know totally believe in the whole What's being preached who's preaching in everything so yeah? I chose your favorite What do you mean who's preaching what does that mean? That some guy who's probably not as holy as he tries to come off as it is some guy Don't you have a master with a dress on and a flock? Exactly like tire like fire tuck almost entire something Yeah fire truck tire tuck yeah tuck it in now Otherwise father or tool might get nervous Some of the chief highly cut on is that what you're trying to say you're finally getting wise and getting away from all that crap all the Balloni all the hypocrisy have hypocrisy baby 1161 on that poor man we need 39 votes for greatness to 12 hundred Climate change coastal mega cities in for a bumpy ride Was a good thing I'm not live in on no coast You are Yeah about 643 million people are one tenth of the world's population who live in low lying coastal areas are like great risk Great risk not just risk but great risk Of oceans really the impacts of climate change according to a global research study to be released next month The study by researchers at Columbia University Center for International Earth Sciences Information Network And London based international institute for environment development is the first of its kind the researchers identified populations Especially urban populations and greater risk for rising sea levels and more intense storms due to climate change Of the more than 180 countries with populations in a low elevation coastal zone 130 of them about 70 percent had their largest urban area extending that zone said rigid Anderson research associate Furthermore the world's largest cities those with more than five million residents have on average of fifth of their population and once it's their land area within this coastal zone The study which will be posted in a peer reviewed journal environment urbanization as Sess is the rest of populations that are been said months along coastal areas There are less than 10 meters above sea level referred to as the low elevation coastal zone lifestyle fortify example 10 meters as well I 30 feet Okay, their boots yeah Although globally this zone accounts for only 2 percent of the world's land area contains 10 percent of the world's population and 13 percent of the world's urban population is 35 The 10 countries with the largest number of people living in this vulnerable low elevation zone include in descending order China Inja Bangladesh Vietnam Indonesia Japan Egypt the USA Thailand and the Philippines Studies such as duck caoshring high and Mumbai are some of the most susceptible to coastal Climate-related hazards such as floods storms and cyclones and the rapid urbanization occurring in these cities Especially in China which has growing especially economic zones along its coast will continue to track more and more people On average coastal cities are growing 20 percent faster than any other cities in the world and they have 10 to 15 percent of Harden cities than other cities Of the 20 megacities in the world 15 than our coastal the study found that 75 percent of the people living in vulnerable low elevation zone and two thirds of world's urban population are in Asia The study found that 14 percent of the population the least of all countries living in the L.E. is C. Z Compare only 10 percent of wealth of your countries 21 percent of the urban population in least of all countries living in zone in richer countries being belonging to the organization for economic cooperation and development this number dropped to 11 percent And it goes on with this number and then a million numbers, okay? The study makes it clear that sea levels are not expected to rise anywhere near the 10 meters of low elevation zone Although small island states have larger share of land than the low elevation zone with therefore be most likely be affected by Segulated hazards they tend to have far less of their population living in the zone Call of Dr Barry series, okay? And tell me about the zone there's Rob Marciano If we put this thing on the other side, look at his zone, okay? See what Rob's got in his zone That's the spanish. He's some purples earlier. Good news is does look like it's weakening just now See that interested in mine. He'd rather hang on with his own That's kind of it's a rough indication of what we would see just on reflectivity of what we would see of a hot what do you say? Did you hear that word he said? No, what word did he say? He was trying to say he'd trying to play say we flagged Timothy, but I don't think it came out like that. There was a couple letters like that. Hey listen, we don't want to go into it. You know we're good. Joyce again I don't know what it is, but I'm good now. I'm starting to get to that point where I just keep thinking about her all the time now Really in the shower No, I mean I'm doing the show not in the shower. Oh It's doing the show Listen to me. No, I'm keeping it about all these things that we can't play anymore. We can however play Is it Well, I don't think we can say that well, we can't we just did 1169 in the pool. We need all Swiss drug maker no vardus AG to stuff selling the drug that relieves constipation Oh, that's not good. Oh my god, I'm also waiting around to hear about that. Wow, she'd be really upset a woman with irritable bowel syndrome and constipation again the company that owns Zellin norm is going to be taking it off-store shells According to the FDA's request Because the FDA has linked it with a higher chance of heart attacks. Oh lovely. Okay, there we go. What's wrong with that? You know Because if you squeeze heart now if you can have a heart attack and we're like Elvis he was probably as they say they like to say it Those manuals straining at stool. Have you ever seen that term? No What does it mean? It means it's too old. It means it's squeezing for good reasons for where the Stools ought to reach really for good reason, but they're ain't very much pleasing. That is what that mean Well, there's another example of why there's no God and Of course people would say the religious crowd would say oh well, that's enough God's way that's a people would eat the right amount of fiber Yeah Of course there's a lot of fiber and apples too Then how come he didn't want to meet in the fruit on the tree that's a lot of fiber and that good stuff there Maybe he wouldn't have been so constipated I enjoy at most when he gets blank intensive a little 169 votes. We got the mid-200 look you right see I picked a good number. I picked the magic number Did I not I said yes, I did How much for oh nine That's okay. You can kiss you kiss you. That's all right politics 409 religion 246 We did we need to do a lot more anti-religion shows and spite of what parents is telling you okay? We can have a Chris come on here and testify how he was molested as a child Or how he wishes he was molested as a child. The number of this Penth by who by the family priest by father Station management 161. I hate this poor 71 and even Steven 6% Enjoy most when you get sex intensive 64 Just wait till this weekend baby. I'm thinking about it right now. No matter fact That doesn't mean anything's necessarily gonna happen, but I'm thinking about it. That's a good start isn't it? Sure what a rating 62 62 Food 61 I'm thinking about that until and that's not good those cheese blisters and moths of ball soup sounds to me you know Sounds yummy hockey 46 my space 26 and godfather They're both bottom feeders. Men are like catfish. Just wouldn't the bottom the godfather only painted I'm gonna be a spot fake the afternoon. Yeah, did you move a little bit? No, it doesn't know if you should see Still are you ready for some football Ben tuned in to ESPN gay and he hits the whole right after just the open's it up oh yeah ESPN gay Cowboys Vikings Get them all on ESPN gay. He's gonna fire into a sky right here. He will the sweats you push you push you for it smell The passion you just wrote him backwards just put it right on his back his ain't some makeover show on Bravo It's the NFL on ESPN gay and then everyone's kind of sloping around down there and grunts and groan and you know you get mud stuff Why My ESPN gay Where there's never a wardrobe malfunction Who I don't know where that one came from some days will never be the same Ever would like it be with the last shot out of the Roman camera call your cable operator now and demand the ESPN gay Yeah, lot more what a meal. Oh guys. I look good ESPN gay now that some mouth boy Yeah, look suck it on to me. It's 1.33 2702-560 WDK mad dog at 2 and then the power hour and then heck of golf streaming and the panthers and the crampitals with Goldie And gone by a 17 year old two 10 year old boys joined in the attack of a Florida homeless man leaving him bruised and bloody police said Two 10 year old boys sign America man They ought to be put on the NBC evening news tonight and put aside by each in each other's lap and fried in old smoking old sparky You know to think absolutely fired at baby up The incident highlights an upswing in violent crime across the West against the homeless peoples In 2006 there were 142 attacks and 20 murders several involving teenagers seeking a vicious thrill Oh and just won't be I saw last night again. I give up hostile Really you ever saw that yeah, I saw the theater That was hostile that I paid money to see it you didn't like that nope You see it Chris not yet What do you mean now yet how old is that movie? Come here a couple years You're the half you didn't like hostile no Sorry How could anybody not like that movie? I mean there's certainly enough blood and gore and violent eventually Yeah, it's a little bit slow but I want to get going man. I got all them. I love all the chainsaws and all the Trying to got going I already checked out mentally and of course that guy who's you know the guy who's in there A hunting you know paid paid for what was he going for? Oh, I forgot there and we saw the the amount you paid depending on the victim on what I American like a domestic there's different rises and this was supposed to be in where? Oh, yes, that's what and they were upset about that. Oh Those negative light it's like nobody gives a crap about you people who would have lots to go to slow Valky anyway, right? I mean progress in the Czech Republic nobody with their brain is going to go to slow Valkyja Anyway, this in 2006 I just read that two days incident which took place in Daytona Beach Me make history said the nonprofit's acting executive order for Michael Stoops of the National Coalition for the Homeless Michael Stoops If we're talking about 10 year olds that means we've hit an all-time low-sad Stoops The youngest person have ever been arrested for crime like this is 13 how about then five year olds start killing homeless people? How's that gonna be? That'll be the American effort in way Daytona police sergeant Billy Walden said the teen in two boys were walking in the neighborhood around 9 p.m. when they saw 58 year old John Demico They began trying rock's at homeless man The 17 year old Jeremy Woods punched the meco then fell over a concrete wall as he lay on the ground One of the 10 year olds whose names are not being released use parts of the concrete to that to bash the meco when they head The meco's I was severely damaged in the attack was in the two boys were charged with failure aggravated battery and being held Without buying a juvenile detention center Daytona Beach the evolution county state attorneys orifice We see people were kind of case late yesterday. I'll make a decision about whether the pursue adult charges Whether the pursue adult charges my answer you people crazy. You have to let take it to a committee my god The three boys made their first court appearance Wednesday wearing ankle shackles and handcuffs and white jail jumpsuits Too big for the two tiny ten year old frames judge Peter Marshall was signed the public defenders and sat in all the center of square Peter Marshall my ass Violence against the homeless occurred in the cities and suburbs throughout the US last year, but Florida led the pack With the least six such crimes in 2006, you know sexually transmitted diseases All sorts of horrible things Florida leads the pack I bet you got that to it leader of the pack Who did that? Shaker laws the shank was very good leader of the pack talk about a morbid depressing song my god That's the make you want to blow your brains out if you got that look and please or of the pack One of those cases is guarded international attentions expected to go to travel this fall after a surveillance camera Captured two teenagers beating a homeless man with bass and four dogital. I'm January Sorry a little bit there. Let's do anyway Well, what oh I thought you wanted to read that story No, my will eventually just relax. There's no big rush here No big fat rush hop a couple more rush Can these go What women Yeah, we see past the first 17 year old skateboarder time Dority 18 year old Brian Hooks a popular hockey team captain and on scene teen Billy Amons a high school dropout A saw the two more homeless men that night January 12th of last year One of them was 45-year-old Norris Gainer or witness Anthony Clark told police and seen in last year Then he saw the three teens approached him as he stuffed on a park bench Now already began lacking Gainer with a back Clark said The Daytona Beach area was the scene of another high profile of second which 14 years confessed to meeting 53-year-old Michael Roberts to death And the suburb of Holly Hill in May of 2005 the teens one as young as 14 pummeled Roberts with sticks and logs Fractual homeless man skull and breaking his ribs all four pretty guilty the second to be murder conspiracy to commit murder and a serving 7th sentence is ranging from 35 years in prison to 22 years and sentenced to probation for life Florida lawmakers met Tuesday with advocates to work on a bill of a variety more protected with the homeless and provide local Communities with assistance funding for homeless prevention one of the things that they could do it would make a lot of sense is it takes Sean Canody and put him away And get all those gizgies off the history corners there. That's what turns people against the homeless is stuff like that You know I'm saying What he said Created very negative environmental for the homeless Let's see is that chocolate Jesus hollow chocolate with candy eyes or a solid chocolate Jesus with nuts Is that you and sign Peter rabbit there? What's the body got to do with Easter too? See I'm very confused about all these holidays. I just I just don't want to do my homework in you know Even on city you ask that before but I know you don't listen when I am I asked about the Easter egg No before not one more today before today All fertility symbols the rabbit the eggs the fertility pagan fertility symbols fertility Some of them like they're banging like a rabbit is that what you're saying right now? I've nothing to do with catholic like a bunch of rabbits is that what you're saying for tilting my ass Christians the Carflick superimposed their own holidays over the tops of the pagan holidays so that you couldn't be two places at once Really really want to bet all right 1187 on the full we need 13 boats in 20 minutes and there's 20 black It's a damn for some thing for him that they're gonna take that constipation drug off their shells man Because the brits if there's one thing they need And the power you possess If you say When you're lying to their night You gotta go to your kitchen Oh legendary You have a brand new style too We love the way you fought your doom With the big beone of chests and they'll preach it like this Don't let me go to our grave Oh Who's with the feet of buckers Since the bad guys you hate to know Now 26 14 go to the virgin Mary man. She was the one I knew somebody had to be 1199 we got one more one more opening there and it will have 1200 I shouldn't have said it right after we're talking about the virgin Mary one more opening that was I was playing words. I was bad. I'm sorry. I apologize okay. Well speak of that Jennifer will bang site. I probably should have played that but you know something here he playing all the time And I'll run it to the ground just like old Neil Jennifer will make the bride to be who's kept time just days before playing wedding in Georgia has a new starring world in New Mexico as the inspiration for a police recruiting billboard The Albuquerque police department plans to unveil the ad on 10 digital billboards across the city next week According to the Albuquerque Journal Hope be jerky go to Albuquerque and have a turkey when that sounds good turkey and stuffing in cranberry sauce Hmm, that's not really good. That's a idea. Every week got to be Thanksgiving. See that's another thing You know, I realize that's the pilgrims in all that crap, but why why is it necessary? I like to think about the breakfast foods Why are we supposed to eat certain foods on certain days at certain times that they it's a communist budget crap if he acts me Right I'm gonna move right now for delicious so thanksgiving turkey dinner. I have no idea where I go get one, but sounds good. Then this I've it Yeah, it does really good Running away from your current job call APD recruiting the ad reads above a photo of officer Trish Hoffman Grabbing the veil of a bride adorned an account and running issues Aw that is so cute Hoffman got an actual attention to years ago after well-banked land in Albuquerque claiming she been abducted before she was said to marry Photos of Hoffman leading will banks to the airport with a blanket over the runway brides head appeared on TVs and news papers across the country Now, Hoffman will be on billboards I'm sure I'm gonna get some harassment she told the newspaper the ads will be up for a month of cost to 16 grand Depending on the response to department may incorporate it into flyers posters and possibly TV ads The runaway bride is one of those stories that people across the nation still talk about said police chief Ray Schultz We hope we can capitalize on that The department currently has fewer than a thousand officers try to build a force to 1100 by a dissonmer Can imagine no criminals in Albuquerque can you 1200 votes All right, probably 100 even how do I do that? I don't know if I reminds me of I mean, you know, I mean in life a lot of us are good at things that are so important that's a sad part Things that are important maybe we're not good at But like when I go to the supermarket and I buy you know, I get my little just gonna task And I've got a little basket and I go to the checkout and I can I can generally tell you within like a buck What it's gonna be the total? It's pretty good isn't it that is good? I mean not always but and sometimes I'm not even paying attention when you got a few bucks baby You're not in there shopping and looking at the price, you know You think that when I go to the supermarket I'm like turning the thing around like and this Don't even have a price on it's got that UPC on it. I can I scan it against my earlobe or something Who would help cares what it is? And then you gotta go back to the shelf and look on there and see what the can of beef or only cost now that sounds really good I know that repulsors and I'm not sorry I'm just talking about right now at this moment I'm not saying in general like at any time when I had you know my my head screwed on straight but just at this moment It sounds really really good and you know how you do it? How do you do it? You take your beef or own it and you put it into a bowl and you take a slicer or two a Swiss cheese and you know you rip it up and you put it throughout the through the whole thing, you know and you take your fork and you like You make sure that there's plenty throughout the whole deal and then you're new kid for about 80 seconds or so You've never had that no When I want you sit it sounds really pressed when you say that it's like much Be for Ronny is that's below. Oh, I'm a Ronnie. I'm gonna have to play that I think that's why I'm just I mean we just gone by fine once I find it came to my senses Once we got past Monday, hmm once we got past Monday I don't see that disc. Oh that would be bad if I lost my one moment please. Oh Oh, I lost my very Williams this this we'd be out of business Be for Ronny and how about eating the can to be for Ronny while listening to Tony Moroni That's how I Call never roll Well, it's big enough of a plain music, you know yesterday I did those two It could be more in love and up on the roof of the crying streams right up to the ball game and I do want to tell you this See when we're ending here every day what I do is I watch city post because they've got like you know the atomic clock on air So by the second so we're out of here on time. I mean not to the middle second, but close to it every day And I don't ask oh we got an important guest on mad dog can we write over a few minutes Come we go 20 minutes over because we got Bernie Mac on stuff like that But the point being that yesterday That thing ended at at 1250 you could you could you could have you couldn't have put a curly hair in between with us a little hand hit the big hand You know I mean and Right for whatever reason now I don't know what when I'm hearing it and I wouldn't Well was Miguel But it seems to me like there was a couple of seconds there before the theme to the morning game started the opening and my right about that around No, it's a good here. Did it it sounded like it was right on spot was it spot on? Yeah That thing would be a B for only sounds really good to me. Of course. It's all carbs It would be really bad and get my blood sugar skyrocketing, but that would be a big and of course You I was gonna say a big improvement over having ice cream again. I've had ice cream too many days in a row And you bet you bet I'm telling you I'm gonna put it in your hands. Somebody out of it It nobody else is gonna say it cut the crap old man quitting that ice cream you dive medical fat fat couple man Well, then that didn't sound very sincere did it sounds sincere to you crystal do it Chris is a good ask kisser come on You can do it cup the crap old man. All right, of course. Look at how fat you are and you're telling me this back cut cut the crap Oh, are you doing pretty good? I guess you know all of us fat people as you know we lie a lot I don't know I tell you like that leader I had a ice cream the other day that score ice cream I could have said it was a pint I could have said it was a spoonful something like that. You know it's spoonful It was a leader it's a way I was a leader more than a quarter less Never did find out did we? Well during the break I'm gonna look it up. Of course. We're not coming back after the break. We're never lost Oh There we was just a walkin on the sea And who I did it done better In some man from the land of balance Who I did it done better He's the he's the he's the he's the he's water into one the next thing I knew we had a layman on his feet saying you I did it Don't let it go The final gonna see and the dumb I got a streak string You I did it Don't let it go Don't let it go Don't let it go my dog walk down to my dog baby turtle ever source Whoa, some savings for some God Yes, they do what there's all the people think it's so hot now He's the reason that we have any sedation to my dad It's done And he's the reason that all the Christians were saying to what they did it Don't let it praise him praise him kneel down kneel down Praise him kneel down a man who wore a 40 crown To what did it did it done? Too I dare Oh my god I'm a jail jail jail He got it get taken take it in the sale tail tail He's a coward He's a coward He's a coward Why are you a confederate? He's a coward I didn't realize you wouldn't have played two things there Call me off guard Why are you think I would come off short? No no no He's just a little plain I'm gonna pop him in the bedroom