That my junior honey! A soap opera, like nothing you've seen before. Excuse me, a seam father. What is it my child? We have something I must tell you. What is it my daughter? Oh father, I am afraid to tell you. Afraid to tell me your own father? I fear I will be ashamed upon our family. Lonsons, I am your father. I love you very much. You must tell me what he's wrong. You promise you was to love me? Of course my sweet child. A father's love is not erased by a simple misdeed. Very well. I am. I am pregnant. Oh, I see. Do you still love me father? Of course I do. But since you're pregnant and not married, Yes father? I'm afraid I must drag you down to the town square, and with the help of my friends and neighbors, I'm sorry daughter. It is written that this is the punishment for what you have done. Are you checking the game? I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I must love you, Stone. It's the first step. I focus on a fundamentalist and it always seems to sound. Me, I speak with you. My esteemed husband. I'm busy to my wife. I have something to tell you. I'm busy. I am having an affair. Oh, right. I'm going. I'm going to the backyard to collect some stone. Oh, you mean? Yes, I must drag you to the town square. But when are you going to of course be stone today? No being in the world. I'm not sure they're the fuck met family. They deal with them in any problems. I'm sorry. Oh, may I speak with you, my esteemed father? I'm sorry. My son. My son. Last night, I used you little brother. Well, what do you know? You are one lucky boy. Oh, why is that father? You are going to get stone two nights in a row. You are a man. You are a man. The guy that you see. The guiding she. I just shot on location in fact. There. It's just like life. Sometimes can be real pile of she. Thanks to is this going just by the way. Yesterday was like, I guess board is the word. Yeah. Yeah. Those days when you're like looking for little amusement. And so I went back into our mice base. We have 1278 friends on everybody. Oh, look out there. I went back only a couple of really count. But anyway. No. And I went back to the olden inbox. You know, way back in the beginning. And I found some people who had heard from a long time. I was bitching about that last week. He hear from people. And then they just vanish. Right. Before I get in the vet though, let me just say radio. Dan the answer is. Oh. Radio Dan does a Internet. Talk radio X. Mainly just pop culture talk. He says movies, TV and crap old TV stars. Marshall Wallis. He's had on Peter Marshall. Dick Go Che and discussed their checkered careers. And he said, right. Come on with them one night on the Internet. And of course you can say whatever to have you want. Are we on the Internet right now? We're supposed to be. We are. We don't. Don't start that crap on a Monday morning. Okay. Just because you're still on the weather. And because you've been running and doing the green arrow. You don't start that. You don't have to. You're not being denied. It doesn't be realistic. Well, what does that mean? We work here. Oh. Well, that's not a good attitude. Thinking about we work there. Oh. Especially after my Chris told me. Why don't want to say Chris told it to me. But I had a little birdie told me. That on a morning show, you know, the Kenny and Bow morning show is in no audience. But anyway, um, they're one of those many interview segments this morning. I didn't hear it myself and probably just as well because I would have gone. I'd be out on the balcony now with one leg over the, uh, ledge. Remember that song one took over the line. I'm sure you do. Yes. One leg over the leg. I can just see it now. And there'd be a bunch of people down there saying, No, do it. And then they say, yeah, jump. Yeah, like that. And then you kind of like, wait in your mind. But anyway, what does I say? Oh, about, uh, they had some segment on it was really recording was real scratchy and bad quality. It was like, oh, for what would, what would, what would, what would you know? Assuming it might have been amusing in the first place, which you probably wasn't. But anyway, so Chris went in there and told me, Is, um, are you listening to that to hear? I've been that sounds any or in toast now. I don't want to miss coach you. Tell me, I want you to tell the story. Toast basically just kind of shrugged his shoulders and didn't really say anything. And then Kenny was asking what is he talking about the, uh, the many beds. I get it. Just the quality doesn't sound very good. It could be a good thing. It just doesn't sound very good coming out of there. And can't just kind of like, oh, whatever, you know, a big deal. Well, that's how what you told me in the first place. That's not the way you told the story before. Basically, basically, you said, you're not really worrying about it. We don't care. No, totally not like a post-short, no, toast shrugged his shoulders. And he just didn't want to give me an answer. And satisfied I was like, you know what, forget. And I walked away. I'm waiting to get the log. Any kind of thing. What was he asking about? And I was like, oh, I don't think we're all the way through. Yeah, that sounds like a whole show. Run through. You see what we're doing? What do you think? When we first came on QAM and George can verify. Oh, guy. Anyway, thanks to this goal, Jesse. This goes to good guys. One of my, uh, my space people on here. He was confagulating with me. He's got this cute little dog. He's real dog lover. Anybody's a dog lover. So K and my book. But yeah, he's just, we're BS and back and forth last night. And I just, you know, puts you in a better mood when somebody's got, you know, something to say. As opposed to some of the game players like your friend Christopher, wasn't sending anybody by there for you guys to Google, you know, that the Fixation is just, uh, just a win. Huh? It's just as well. It is just a loading pain not to have sex though. Oh, we got no money for it. Chris, okay. Good luck to you. We got no cash. What was I just saying about something else? Oh, yeah. So when we first came to the station, and this isn't just a comedy bit that they were running. These were commoisial. Yeah. Yeah. These were commercials that people were paying money for to advertise their store, their product, their service, all of these, uh, all of these things. And some of the carts, this is back when we still have carts, you know, cartridges. And some of them were like old and, uh, hadn't been well erased or some of them were just bad quality. And I was like, we were all old and all the, all the things again. And some of them sounded like, oh, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, like that. And am I right? Oh, please. And we kind of like looking each other like, and then if you're sending a thing about it, oh, are you starting up again? Is that Neil starting up in George starting up, uh, crappy, I can't really get it. We're just looking at you. You don't even know. You know, Blake had like a deer and a head, like, kind of thing like they didn't understand what I say, you know, things, and name of the call letters to W DC, is that. We don't care very good. Make good or huh WDC we don't care or could be WD let's see WDGC we don't give a crap the MardD Huh all right W. What is it DGC got it. Yeah, we don't give a crap But you don't buy 60 on your A about 560 WD DC we just don't care and of course We're reaping the tremendous benefits from that For reason we can tell that we just don't care WJ. It's just the Mazes me I mean there's no point in going through a big song to dance by by radio Dan Thank you very much. I'm honored to be invited on your most prestigious internet radio show But four hours of this I'm probably is enough for me I'm proud I would hope that even if this advanced stage of my career and if this lame stage of QAMs Existence I would hope that we're probably reaching a few more people doing the show Ten to two every day is oh, and I also I got a message this morning from one of our mice-based people about Jerry spring or is coming on Remember what I told you about normal can't told me about eight fifty he said everything Steve Laff at touches Fails he's got the mightest touching reverse. I see some people they touch everything it turns to gold everything He touches here and still that's right and so he's got Jerry springer coming on there You know and of course man cows got that gigantic point one share point one And then he sends me a copy of what the man cadet this is my course bond with this point man cows sends him an email back You know Rogers is getting tired and the stale and he's not on half of the time anyway and and if you really a big fan of his why not listen to me when he's not on You know and all the stuff of crap you Although they got billboards. I'll say that we got package pen and plants and they got billboards. There's been a rewitz say we got package plans Those are the days baby when we're at least a little bit radio wish back in the day good. I knew it's from a raccad not I don't know what he cares about this so why do I waste my time? I'll get a lot of the way in the beginning because it's depressing Two roadside bomb attacks have killed five US soldiers in a raccord of US military that that's framed the 3233 the number of US troops killed in the Iraq war 7 American civilian contractors in military have also died did and there's anybody really care I've only loved ones of those coming these are like living they were living in breathing people You know once upon a time they had a life and how they have no All right, and it's very sad because they're just statistics on the page and the media's like kind of oblivious And they're heavy duty again all here. You know it's really funny my psychic powers once again I was just gonna mention that and I look over at CNN the screen here awaiting the news conference on the autopsy event in the cool It just it just makes me want to get on the floor and do cacca just scream like a little child and start You know go in the other room go in the kitchen get a spoon, you know how little kids bangers fooling on the Up on a high chair do I know yeah, yeah, you do know that's what I'm saying And it's and just like this call here. You'll see Q. I am Oh Little kids with a spoon They see just want to scream and ask your teeth, but instead of that just put a smile on your face like Joey Reynolds They'll say let us nod you up be a you're umbrella and don't catch an asshole away. There's nobody else You see speak in the ass Joey room Here's the poll from Friday. Let's see did we like this one or not? Yeah, it was okay Had his moments 1941 votes vote as pretty what that was going on over the weekend on our website was it those pictures that we put on or whatever man Maybe that maybe the audience is coming back. Maybe they discovered wrong the year Thank you by the way, bees lays for all the tremendous promotion everybody gets here on Q. I am oh But see you got me started again me was Chris with all his dirty laundry And he's sorry He's saying first he said toast. It was an exact quote. He said we don't care You know, he's gonna be blackballed it and now he's not me that he just destroyed the shoulders and Chris got all agitated and walked out like how can you not care? It sounds like Like that I think we have to do the whole show like that one day Hey, everybody Special guest Kenny from South Park Or we can get the guy from that radio um that the online internet radio thing Here's the poll from Friday. I want to live long enough to witness the extinction of religion nice choice Hands down your pants baby 655 all over a third The extinction of religion. Oh god only know is how long that's gonna take but let's pray for it Let's say a hell Mary and rub them as is on the door just rub your mizziza. Don't rub it too hard though The Lord gets really upset when you start rubbing it too hard the Republican party 283 Gangster wrap when I was a late edition and it moved up nicely into a strong third 91 kind of nice conservative talk radio 184 We have any TV shows 164 American Idol 155 ever seen idol American all millions of them I hate this full 1208 that's only six and a half percent not too bad Mesquivist 49 I can't wait for that. What show is it? Dennis Miller show. I think I said Jerry spring. He's already failing. It's Dennis Miller now That great student intellectual that great right wing student intellectual sports software 8043 the Democratic party is God But third man Pita 24 rats possums another vermin 20 African television 15. I was a poll 1941 a stellar total Looks like Neil's been at some of that diet food again Anything for your neck darling? Welcome back to the morning sickness crew We're just gonna talk about sports at a rapid pace People before splatter here talk hey you think that's good when I was at the checklist night horse I bet on was so slow the jockey kept it diaries Hey Was that Carolyn about the gail it was raped in the hurry games locker room? Oh, yeah, yeah, and thanks for making his studio a small better touch Okay, we got the three and comics are the line. Hey, literally Not a lot of the operation the free anything Michael whether whether whether the most What did he say Mandalone Thank you for your cool, okay Reactive comedy bit all right, it a view if golden horns so like golden Goldie. Yeah. That you Goldie. So Goldie, what you take on college athletes who aspire to play Schmier the queer. Hey, you got up against playing it. Yeah. How are you raise your chin? I take a break to what you said about Grav Sucker. Sounds like a real ice queen if he has queen. Yeah, but you're wise. Well, let's not get into that. Oh, love. We got the guy with the eyes for the third time today. Hi, can you? Thank you for your cool. And it's more fun and putting your balls off with a serrated scissors. So as for the days, baby, those were the days on WDGC. We don't give a crap and we're pretty proud of it, too. And no matter what you say, we still are going to care. How do you like that? Take the money and run. I think it was shortly after it was on the third floor there. There was an at room right there. We put that sign up on them all. We have that down in the second floor. Just because we're trying to hide. Don't recall. He had a long time. I'll tell you that. And that kind of epitomizes the whole altitude man. Just give us the effemmony and don't ask any questions. And don't make any trouble either. Chris. You better cut the crap. Don't. That's a bad habit. It's not a bad habit. He's out of the closet. Which had it was at the. Going in there in the steering. You know, like, you know, that's you. No, how bad that sounds on the air. Holy. Next thing you're going to be doing and going in there and tell him how lame was something that just played like that clip from Saturday night live. Which usually they got, you know, some pretty funny stuff on that show. But that was certainly the exception. I think about Sandy Peyton Manning, whatever they all. I was in pain. My neck. I wanted to like spin right head around like Linda Blair. I was in pain. Just great pain. But I guess they don't care. That's what I heard. And the bad news is I didn't get paid early this time. I'll tell you one thing that's sick better. We'll want to be in there today because today's the 26. Today technically it's due because the 25th. I'll know Sunday. I just want Joe Bell to be aware that the only the only redeeming thing that was going on was getting that paycheck nice and early a couple days for several months there. Very nice. Very nice. Yeah. But not this time. Not that I'm, you know, I actually want a few bucks. It would buy instead of day. How do you like that? I don't know that much. Didn't play no quarters though. Frank Rich has got a great column for our godfather people. Actually for everybody, but you're one of the west for the godfather people. The head of the title of it is, when will Fredo get wrecked? Talk to us, Mark. I can make money. Say it. Like no. I just want to say it. Right. When will Fredo get wrecked? Ask Frank Rich in the New York Times yesterday. We're going to take a lot of calls today, but not right away. We'll ease in real money. Say. All right. Let's take a look at that schedule before I get into Frank in that rich column. Mad dog of two power hour with Hank and in Mad dog together, one of those very rare days between four and five, Humber, our solo five is seven. And then we got the opening tip with Bimbo Cools. Does it make any sense to you? Seven or five tonight. We don't care the heat games, but we still got the opening tip with the Bimbo. Everybody likes to Bimbo on radio. And then we got the, oh, the major league baseball in Marlon season preview show with Dave Ann Boring and Roxy Bernstein. And Jesse Agra with seven thirty. Does Roxy still sound just like guilty or did I just make that up? Huh? Oh, that's right. Nobody there knows. Well Chris probably knows he probably doesn't have Marlon baseball religious. And speaking of Marlon's baseball from Marlon at 12.50 and again Thursday. Oh, man. A couple of real good ratings builders. Marlon's in the Euryals tomorrow from Fort Lauderdale and then the Marlon's and Cardinals on Thursday from Jupiter, man. Then we'll Fredo get wrecked. Right, Frank Rich. He says, President Bush wants to keep everything that happens in his White House. But when it comes to his own emotions, he says, transfer it as a teenager on my space. Huh? Oh, I got quite an article about my space too, brotherly. Where to host it? Uh-oh. You see that strict Catholic school bands pupils from my space? No. But anyway, getting back to Frank Rich, he says, on Monday morning he observed the Iraq war's fourth anniversary with a Solon's day to course. Pereration so perfectly, he seemed to sleep all through its mortgage board of recycled haptruths. Iraqi leaders are beginning to meet the benchmarks and boilerplate there will be good days. There will be bad days. But in a press conference the next day to the end of the journey, General, the president was back in the saddle of guns blazing. Mr. Bringamon Reborn. Evolved of vanquishes democratic antagonist, much as he wants so very long ago, pledged to make sure work of insurgents in Iraq. The jekyll and hide contrast between these two performances can be more dramatic indicator of Mr. Bush's priorities and his presancies in game. His passion for protecting his power and his courtieries, far exceeds his passion for protecting the troops he's pouring into the Iraq civil war. The lives of the man for Alberta Gonzalez, even Bush Loyalists, have really shown respect for this colony whom the president said were within the same cradle. They revolted when Mr. Bush floored it with a pointy aim to be Supreme Court in front of him now. The Attorney General's alleged infraction, misrepresenting justice, Department of Pursor of A.U.S. attorneys, all political appointees for political reasons, seems an easy to settle curve fuffel, next to his infamous 2002 memo dismissing the Geneva Convention's strictures on torture as quaint and obsolete. That's why the president's wild overview act is revealing so far as trucker lenses have been largely attributed to his slavery slowly to the White House's sub-acquence, his ideological belief in unilateral executive-range power, and as always his need to shield the McEvoyan nation as a crawl rogue, who would scald a protégé in place on one of the fire attorneys. But the fierceness in Mr. Bush's response to the ludicrous of streamer for bidding transcripts of congressional questioning of White House personnel indicates there is far more a fire to go with all the vote-way smoke. Mr. Gonzalez may be a non-edity, but he's an unendedly like Zellig. He's been present every dubious legal crossroads in Mr. Bush's career. That conjoined history began in 1997 when Mr. Bush then governor of Texas was summoned for grand jury duty in Austin. The popular reclaiming announced he was glad the land is average guy perspective to a drunk and driving trial. But there was one hitch. On the jury question here, he left the line for required section asking, have you ever been accused or a complaint or were witness in a criminal case? I'd like to ask for an explanation for that. I'm Mr. Miller from the public of the time. Is that Mr. Bush have been charged with disorderly convicts in 1968 and trucking driving in 76? And are Mr. Gonzalez? As the stories told on the president's counselor, a nonpartisan biography by the Texas journalist, Bill Manitaglio, Mr. Gonzalez met with the judge presiding over the trial in his chambers. Amating Mr. Gonzalez would usually claim to have no reckless and requesting and say this claim from jury duty. Mr. Minotroglio, the look and like he's a scene to the godfather, casting Mr. Gonzalez out as the effectiveness freighter, however, but as the discrete, fixed returner Robert Duval's Tom Hagen. Can he get me off the hook Tom? For old times say, can't it? Mr. Gonzalez could have been least with such narrow escapes from both him and Mr. Bush. As a partner at the Houston Law firm of Vincent and Elkins, Mr. Gonzalez, is a work for N1 until 94. After N1 imploded in 2001, reporters wanted to know whether Kenny lays pals in the Bush hierarchy had received a heads up about the company's pending demise before it's unfortunate shareholders were upholding the bag. The White House said that Mr. Gonzalez had been out of the end, while in looped to the best of his recollection, this month Murray was of the National Journal uncovered a more recent close shave. First is just as Department of Investigators were brought to examine documents that might have shared lighting and Zalaz role in the administration's extra legal domestic wiretapping program last year, Mr. Bush left down the investigation. It was Mr. Gonzalez as well who threw up a broad blast when the 911 Commission sought documents and testimony from the White House about the faithful summer of 2001. Less widely known as Mr. Gonzalez's curious behavior in the CIA lead case on he was still White House counsel. When the judges to Obama officially notified him on the evening of September 29, 2003 that was opening investigation into the outing of Valerie Wilson, he immediately informed Andrew Card, Mr. Bush's chief of staff. The Mr. Gonzalez waited another 12 hours to officially notify the president and inform White House employees to preserve all materials relevant to the investigation. As Chuck Schumer said after this maneuver became known, every good prosecutor knows that any delay could give a comfort time to destroy the evidence. Now that 12 hours delays been maxed by the 18 day gap in the justice department emails turned over to Congress in the dispute over the attorney purged, and were being told by Tony Snow that Mr. Bush has no recollection of hearing anything about the Farings. But even these little lactose of watergate can't obliterate the contours of this story to White House wants to hide. It will be distracted by the ample's and oranges among the fire attorneys, maybe a couple other forced resignations were routine. But another Winston says incriminating evidence coalesces around a familiar administrative motive. It's desperate desire to cover up the corruption at Sua what was supposed to be this White House's greatest asset. It's protected the nation's security. This was the motive that drove the White House to vilify Joe Wilson when he challenged fraudulent pre-war intelligence about Sodom's WMD. The emails in the attorney flatfully so far suggest this same motive may have driven the justice department to try and modding a similar strike at Pat Fitzgerald. He was attorney charged with investigating the Wilson League. In March 2005, while preparing for the Farings, Mr. Gonzalez now dead as an chief of staff, the Carl Sumpton produced a chart waiting all 93 US attorneys nationwide. Mr. Fitzgerald widely admired some of the nation's best prosecutors, most famously of terrorists, or some are slapped with an examination not distinguished. Two others given that same rating were fired. You have to wonder if Mr. Fitzgerald was spared because somebody in a high place illegally calculated the political firestorm that would engulf the White House had this prosecuted in part of a set or not match the criminal of the Wilson inquiry. Another candid attorney to track because of her scrutiny of abortion administration national security scandals is Carol Lan. She was fired from her post in San Diego after a successful prosecution representative do-cutting him, the California Republican took two and a half million in grab from defense contractors. Mr. Rob is publicly suggested that Mrs. Lan got the ax because she wouldn't commit resources to prosecute immigration offenses. That's false. Lan has focused on assistant attorney general praised her for doubling immigration prosecutions. Lan has to week US state in a crunch that statistics and found that she ranked 7th among her 93 peers in successful prosecutions for 2006 with immigration violations accounting for the largest single crime category prosecuted during her tenure. To see what Mr. Rob might be trying to cover up against that or what Ms. Lan was up to in May, Justice the Department Justice Department immediately has indicated she was being earmarked for removal. Building on the cutting-amp case, she was closing in on dusty fogo, the CI's number three official and director of its daily operations. Mr. Fago had been once installed on this high intelligence position. I'm Mr. Bush's handpins have successfully endured 10 of the CI director Porter, Mr. Goss. Ms. Lan's pursuits fed Mr. Fago's of represignation. Mr. Goss was out two after serving less than two years. Nine months later, Justice Ms. Lan stepped down from her job in a February Mr. Fago in a defense contractor, a raise more than 100 grand for the 2004 Bush Cheney campaign, were indicted by a grand jury on 11 counts of conspiracy and money laundering, and what the Washington Post government, the first criminal cases, to reach in the CI's, 10-destinal operations in Europe and the Middle East. Because the allegations include the compromising classified information remains classified, we know the full extent of the damage from the agency and the nation at war, not yet anyway. I'm not going to resign Mr. Goss. As a certain last week as he played the minority card rounding up his fanix supporters that cheers protest day to day innocence. I'm going to stay focused on protecting our kids. He said, actually he's going to stay focused on protecting the president. Once you can no longer be useful in that role, it's a sure thing that likes scooter before him, Frado, will be tossed overboard. I briefly on some recent statements that have been made by some members of Congress about a rat, and it's important to make this point at the outset. The president of the United States purposely dissled the American people on pre-war intelligence. American soldiers and Marines serving an Iraq go out every day in the sum of the most dangerous and unpredictable conditions. These brave Americans were set into battle for a deliberate falset. Pre-war information was distorted to corrupt the oil for food program. There is no denying that the president lied to the American people. This is revisionism of the most corrupt and shameless variety. I also something I enjoy. It's one of the reasons I've stayed in the business, and I believe the feeling is probably the same for most of us in public life. The president and his administration paid our country and paid the liberties for which we stand. Of the mutiny, they dwell on the shadows, have no regard for the laws of warfare and feel unconstrained by any standard at morality. The president of the United States is dishonest and reprehensible. None of us should want it any other way. Thank you very much. I just want to thank the National General for those who have been here. I'm sorry. My invaluable secretary, you're sharing the paper. I also like you. You understand the Miami date, police department for the computer. You're getting in place. I mean, I'm sure getting in place. Because without the help we have been able to connect with the laptops in the important room. I think it's a crowd there. The kind of a newspaper which is not coming late. What is the most ready? Piper here is the doctor. Her son died from drugs. They found all kinds of crap on his system. And she died from drugs. It was the Anastorechanicals with drug family. Okay. And who gives the crap? Who's that guy though with an in the cooler? Who the hell was that? Did you see that? Nope. Man, who the hell was that guy? Well, that's whatever. 337 votes. I haven't even moved today's pool yet. Because we're getting ready for a heavy phone sweep. QAM hello. Hello. Yes. This is 516. Yes. 516. WDDC. We don't give a crap. Let me congratulate you. We are going to give you some to an all-time low about being so dishonest and disrepable for our country. Good job, Neil. You're at an all-time low. Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you. Okay. Being so dishonest and disreputable to our country. It's not pushing chitty that our dishonest and disreputable. It's an evil you've sunk to an all-time low. Thank you very much sir. 943 votes. What is the worst threat to our children? And look what's on top. George WDDC. 116. And I hope that all 215 of the rest of you since I was the 216. I hope that all the rest of you have voted for your president. Feel a list of what this last guy said. Disreputable and the dishonest and the disgusting and this, this and that and this, don't be disemeg. I don't say. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. We'll tell each other. We'll n't fall down. We'll tell parents to tell them. $60. I'll tell them. Okay? If you come deep enough! You'll tell them to shower real quick! Something's wrong with you! Tell them to stop! It's starting to rain! You're dead, before you leave it! You just get theencia of Coke! You're добр bad, you're so fun! You know what they really mean! A lot of fun back there were things! and I'll be other and God, all the BS. I hate this fool only 19. I'm here two percent. Well, what kind of a pose is that? She's doing, did you see that? Yes. Was it a leg spread apart? No. Her hands right by her goods there. I mean, what was that? Proper. A carot? A carot? A carot? Yeah. I'm going to be prompt to wrap even at this stage. You probably still won't think about it anyway. I hate this pull 19, 1.9%. Terrorism 19. And primarital sex six. Well, that's on the bottom. And of course, it ought to be on the bottom. I'm sure a lot of you are too. The worst red blood children primarital six only six. I would say not having primarital sex probably might be, but no put it on there, but you don't say. When it's out, try it out. Safely and intelligently and stuff like that. You know, when it's done, try not to speak about it. I got after the break. Are we doing another break already? Well, that's why I read that long pond. It's a great column, my Frank Reggie. Another break already? Love. You love your dishonest day. I can't tell you. I like him. I like colors like that. Real jackass. You've sunk to a new all-new all-new, dishonoring your country and dishonoring this, this, this, okay, schmuck. Schmeckle. See, schmeckle when you put the little EL on the end of it, it means like real tiny schmuck, which in his case I think is probably a compliment. I'm just statement. Can't have for school bands, pupils from my space. Oh, I wish you don't want to do that. But we'll get to that moment, terribly. I mean, what's it going to be next, huh? We can be reader. That'll be next. Harold, son, Sentinel. None. Zero. There we go. But all you kids on my space got to know is the kind of perverse you've got to run into around there, just like that's what I like me. Excellent. Yeah. Don't go. Don't go. On my space. Come on. You're gonna be. I'll go now. Hey. Shocking. Hey, boy. Get that be right. I'm a little bit. But. Oh. I'll go now. I'll go now. I'll go now. Put it out. guys. I'm not a hero, I'm a hero My Lord, Jesus, and my Rad, be healed My Lord, Jesus, and my Rad, be healed My Lord, Jesus, and my Rad, be healed I'm not a hero, I'm a son I'm a son Screw you, baby, baby, he's going to jail jail People take a ticket, take a ticket In the jail jail jail To your living, live, live, live, live At some power, power, power, power Better, hold on to the soap In the shower shower shower I'm 25, I'm a scooch I like that, so anyway, remember I told you this is amazing Help, brilliant, I am, you know, I just shocked you How loud are myself, I'm a genius I'm so smart, how come I'm working for these people I don't get paid, I don't get paid, I don't get a crap Because they paid a lot of money That must be the reason, I sure hope that paycheck is there today Joe, crazy Joe Bell I sure hope so, I mean he's got a wonderful job That's the one who's claimed to fame New gets paid early, every payday, we get there Well, I'll not this time And if it isn't there today, man, I'm going to be held a pay If it ain't there today, it'll be there So guess who I got, an email from just now on my space Remember I told you before the show this morning about my Close personal friend, Mark who hasn't had any ID Who I am, but I sure know who he is, the soccer player for you and F University of North Florida, yes Now that free dates, Chris is the being on the show You have no idea who I'm talking about right Chris So I was on here when you were talking to him Really? I was talking to the University of North Florida Oh, that's right Well, in that case, so anyway, it like a tour dey Yesterday, it was just Killinson time And I went through some of the old stuff on there And I got in touch with Cisco and Jesse And there was Mark who agreed to be a friend with us So when I currently imagine a crap that he's gotten from some of you Purverts out there, leave Mark alone Okay, just because he's done me got a hot body And he's 22 in place soccer And he's got a lot of hot looking friends too But anyway, so I noticed he was a picture on his profile page Where he's got an empty cup in his hand And he's doing what college guys there It looks the drunk office as, you know And so I just sent him a note and he may have a quick email saying Hey, how's it going? But the bond that you're still out there And well, we, I'll just just some excuse for me To retow it and touch this hot looking young guy I mean, he doesn't know me from Adam, okay But he's a nice kid because he was spotted the first time to me And again, he don't know who that I am He grew up in Boca Now, is that a hell of a, here's a kid that's 22 years old He grew up in Boca and he would know New Rogers if they stuck me in his bed right now Hmm, but you know what? I thought you were going to say something else I might have thought something else I would have asked me, I was going to say it I think it a lot of something else is okay I think it comes to mark in the dark, but anyway So last night I go back on here and I see I see he's read my message but the photo The profile photo has changed and instead of the one where he's got the empty cup of Boos in his hand it looks drunk off his ass It's him sitting down near Nickities, got shorts on And we'll share with a cast on his leg on his left leg The great soccer star He won't think about guys with really, and everybody That's got, you know if they got it they like to show it You know what I mean? Yeah I mean I'm not saying this is silly that he was sitting there with a shirt off And like practically damn naked with a cast on his ankle Intentionally when I had that picture taken But that's, you know that's just him Nice going mark, nice picture And they weighed in the chair like that he can't run too fast Maybe he needs somebody to like push him around a little bit Maybe he needs a helping hand But anyway, so Mark says he just replied Because I wrote him another message when I saw that picture And I said hey, Krip and I wrote him a thing about what happened Boba, Boba, Boba, Boba, Boba, he says yeah I know I just saw that last night being my message But I tore my PCL out for five months or so Pretty shmitty, just that's life Hope the radio show is going well Is that, is that sweeter what? That's sweeter Now seriously he don't, you don't know who that he doesn't listen to The show I mean he knows what I do At least for a living, anyway okay He knows I'm an old, he knows I'm an old fact That's the first thing I told him, I don't think about me I don't troll on his thing and you're unsuspecting people out there like hey But he might anybody, you know like that Not me That's right That's probably what he's thinking All those things within is he was trying to get into some modeling work And that's why he's got all those damn near naked pictures on his profile page I see I see too In fact I'm going to go there right now and click on it Just to pull me in a really even better mood Oh he's not lying right now Well I'm not listening to show on line I'm sure that I wish he was I wish he were listening Mark, feel better in a few off fast we'd are Because you're going to have to run like Cal if I catch it And there's all those pictures There's his buddy, what's his buddy's name? There looks pretty good too One thing about good looking people they tend to hang out with other good looking people You know what I mean? Yeah So you can sneak up from behind And one of them runs away real fast Maybe a ball of the other one like fall down Or maybe you can grab a little of their wheelchair and steer him Well that's pretty neat isn't it? The fact that he would fly there that he responded Don't you think that's fairly normal? No it's not normal for somebody that doesn't really know who you are That's like in a wheelchair and he's out for five months with his PCL And Mr. Socker started and stuff like that? Sounds like a nice guy I feel for you Mark, he's a nice guy Well I don't know, he seems often has to me the fact that he's very Responded a couple of times and when I asked him, you know, invited him to Adam To our friends on the thing there? Sure Just like go there Yeah, you know, you're pretty potentially Yeah, sure He said And even when he found out that I was a flaming dragon that I only liked And because of his beauty and his looks and his great body He seems like he would die If he was ugly, I'd probably say, Geez, what a pain in the NCS Now there's some ugly people on there who are good guys I don't know any of me because I don't pay any attention Speaking of my space, can't we know you're not going to start with All that again, are you? No, but I just got this story and I got that email right now That makes my day, thanks Mark, your good man Hmm He's 22, he's certainly much too old from Mark Foley Although X marks the spot When I reached out and when I moved that message a little bit I put the cursor right, I don't want to see where I put it Oh, that was, that was pornographic, okay? Speaking of pornographic Look at that guy's head Where's took my mouse? That's the purple, I know I put the purple, I'll talk to purple, he's a medical exam What? How did he put it? But he's got a Martian accent, I was trying to figure out what kind of accent It wasn't very Yeah, he got a Martian head So I had all that That's the point I'm trying to get across to The point is on the left side of it I have a watch of you, by the way, I guess maybe I'll do it tonight All right Bloomfield Hills Michigan, that's a very wealthy server of Detroit For those not in the know Actually, like a few white people with their Bloomfield Hills Students at a suburban Catholic school are being ordered to take down their photo Snapping comments or anything else they may have posted on myspace.com I sure hope those students aren't seeing Mark on their like almost naked And at one where he's got that chick lay and underneath him with her hands all around He's and Mark by the way, I'm not sure if he's going to be there All around is and Mark by the way, I'm not what you're shaving with but you're doing a fine job He wants to be a model so he's doing a clean shaving Like like the what's his name, Brady Quinn, he's shaving everything You've heard of a Mexican herelist And you know about it Friday is the deadline for students that say he will have Hills Catholic school in Bloomfield Hills to follow orders, or risk suspension School principal sister Margaret Ben Holtson said that there's some Depernant's last week saying in part that if their families allowed children to continue their Myspace.com sites they will not be allowed to return to school The school plans to use its computer savvy staff members computer savvy staff member To monitor the site for student activity, other words a bunch of perverts that are scouting I line there looking for a hot young things, you know, heard of the geeks, why they had the freaks Why yeah, there's nothing like a hot young thing trust me when I tell you The principal to time comment that says you go office manager Judy Martin next to the principal Just wants to keep the students safe We've stayed in our position, you know what your position is probably the Prom position, okay? And we hope all students are in the process of taking down their sites by tomorrow Said martini, you have to choice kids, you can either take down the site or take down your Pants, whichever you like. My space described itself as a free online community that allows you to share information about themselves and people in their lives The minimum age for uses 14, but some teams have run in teams have run in a Trouble posting on the site including Catherine Lester, the Michigan girl who flew to the Middle East to be with the 20 year old man she met in my space A whole machine who is 20 have been then say I'll see it open cutty share Michelle Bouchard Michael Bouchard helps the school's decision by taking a proactive approach Utilized the biggest factor which is peer pressure we said Jerry here on Wayne State University professor of American studies since keeping kids off the site Me just offer a false sense of security they may keep a high sense of relief And think maybe this in luck I did when I saw that picture of Mark Hey Mark, only I keep even a mower, you know after the first one there's a whole bunch more to follow When I see anything like that I think for myself. It's good. Maybe there is a god after all Maybe I'm looking at him. Hmm They may have a server, but maybe this problem we saw, but a predator who wants to violate children will find a way Electronically or otherwise sadly he said join valley at Wally whatever now Try me she can agree with the school's decision. I am Absolutely Bouchard man It's not it. Absolutely I'm a quickly agree said Wally was a fourth grader and eighth grader at the school I children have never had a my space page. There's too much out there she says there's too much out there It's out there and they might see it and then they might start sticking and Ruben Ruben I've been thinking that your decision is really sticking. I'll say to take me off my space page Especially when a hot young guy like Mark is on it If you had any idea how that tickles me well, you know, I'm not going to say where I'm going to say I'm serious. I don't want to know where it tickles you. You can use your imagination Back to them Oh god, you are Well, I didn't have a drop to the evil. You're evil. You're evil. Really how much is that? Oh, that's enough Yeah, and in my case it's more like not when more like Hey, just You're like that's enough So there's that email from Mark. I'm going to I better market saved. Yeah, more than saved Yeah, I'm marketing. Oh and you'll never guess who else just came on there Besides Johnny's you hey Johnny with some chick Johnny's you probably met the thanks to us on this thing Guess who else is right on top of Mark right on I bet he would like to be too. Oh god I know you're good friend. You're good by sexual friend Chris would love to be right on top of And as it turned out with a picture's on the right he's right over him. He's hovering right on top of him Just when I one mark back over again, and now I think you know he's going to feel like an endangered species, you know I'm saying I'm first Chris get out of here I'm before love it. I'll show you something You read my best. I am woman here in me croak. This must be some kind of sick joke The thing that made me a boy frog isn't fair You polluted all the ponds and now my man what is gone? No, I have to go and find you underwear Oh yes, I've changed and Miss Piggy is so sad Oh yes, I've re-arranged now I wear a militaid I'm our girl frog Strain things are happening I like to shop I like to watch the view I am woman Yes, I'm woman Beautiful us it's 11.5.60.7.2 I'm going to tell you something my spirits have been lifted now Like you wouldn't believe Yeah Well, you know, I'm in case you're good by the Chris is listening online, which I'm sure you probably is I'm not playing the world meal again today, okay, sweetie It's just one of those things. Somebody's people think that I'm like like Pavlov and the Bell, you know, they ring the bell like a little I'm excited I'm going to play you know old Neil needs a rest He's old in the tire But anyway, it was George was the one in the Chris can back me up on this wasn't George the one saying that If that Chris was you know, I bailed out and was disappeared and probably like a long gone Stuff like that, you know Is that what you were saying? Was that George saying that Chris? Oh, I'll never say that That's exactly what it was It was another one of those my space I'm going to tell you something I think I'm flying his ass up here And he can use me and abuse me and spend all my money How's that? Who Chris or that other guy? Oh Mark, well if I got a two-speed between Chris and Mark Who help Chris about Chris? Yeah, but the other guys are gimp now Now ask me if I replied to Mark, okay, during the break there during last break Which you notice I stepped on the idea I might have been a little bit distracted Do you recite a mark through that break there? What do you think Chris? You think I said back email? Say I'm here like fast sweetheart Tell God is he good, huh? I'm sure you offered to be his nurse too I nurse him back to health for your fast, I tell you that You know that that busted like his I wouldn't kiss it and rub it and he or Wouldn't make it all better Yeah, well sometimes I have bedding and I get lost So anyway Chris says he had a long weekend of partying and basketball watching And head as fantasy baseball graph yesterday I'm a grad at yesterday and now that you know We always liked up in the lead point Chris But I think at that point I kind of like Because he tells me he's not a sports nerd He doesn't hear me love sports He doesn't want hear people talking about him You're like most guys they enjoy sports He just don't hear all that boring crap all day Bob, you know But he had the fantasy baseball draft yesterday Wow Now Sir, when I lied to you just p on his prey Because I said that I'm going to apply him up here and he can be my nurse mate I'm getting old you know 64 years old I'm old I mean somebody to take care of me I paid a nobody for it Yeah, you didn't you said you want him to come out and I Mark doesn't even know me for crying a lot That's why it's so amazing. Many we responded there And hope all is going great with a radio show see there's a good kid There's a really good person I mean like my buddies go there last night Confedulating on and on and it was one of those deals where every time you write the email You think that's gonna be the last one You know what I mean what he mean In other words, it didn't really require a response But then I would see that he read it and here's a reply And again, then I'm writing another, that's just the way I am You know I guess it's because I you know I do this for living And I talk crap every day for four hours So I want to spew a lot of it You know I'm for both I'm one of those guys Right I said the song Get the whole world of the same What is that crap? Can you write this? I can't hear no Kenny Rogers okay? But you mentioned it. Love it. It's love lifted me. You know, you know, you know, you know, that's good Because I see Chris is right the message I got afraid of the follow up message about what time he's getting on a plane to come up here and nurse me back to What would be wrong with that? Nothing. Not judging. What would be wrong having somebody here like right right now With their hand on my back here and my shoulders You know, give me a little pat on the back a little more I encourage me. What would be wrong with that? Nothing. I think there will be a sweet thing, you know? Keep me in the not so straight and not so narrow path. Although he's probably checking out the mark by now With things that too I could just envision the two of them together I don't want to think about it too long or too hard Nice. WQAM Hello. Yeah. Bonjour no. Come a stine. Uh, most of them. You know what your men is for me? Or even the show you're saying that you really are doing much on the airways these days. Is that what I said when did I say that? One at the top of the show. No I didn't say that at all. But your he was trying to get his crate call. Let him continue to go ahead and finish with that. Is this the same guy that called before about how I'm destroying America and what was this the same guy? Yes. Not at all. I think you have your colleagues confused. But um. Yeah. Different pattern. Okay. What is it? What do you say there at the end? The fact of the matter. Is he's gone. Okay. WQAM Hello. At least come out of the closet already. Last two days. Man, are these them in there? Come on. Who needs to come out of the closet? I had a really good job. But he's called so. It sounds like they've been to them. They've played this morning on the Kenny Bowt. Morning show. We want to. Want to want to. Like that. WQAM Hello. QAM. Okay. On a roll. QAM Hello. Yes. I'm thinking about my listen. So those who want to watch your show. They weigh you to being whammy. It's available in YouTube. What are you talking about sir? The. The. Your member you want. The way me clips. The. They're on our website. They're on our. My space thing. Oh, I didn't know. Are they on our. I don't know where they are. They're there and anybody wants to watch that. Need's mental health. Okay. If you've got enough time in your life that you want to watch that. Then believe me, you you want to like. Wush and we'll let with all loaded chambers. Baby like Maryland chambers loaded chambers. Remember Maryland chambers behind your indoor. I have a copy. I bet you do. WQAM Hello. You know the fake you're trying to. Uh, here we go. Put out the. You're so kind of sick. Oh, I don't even. Or you're going with this. Yeah. What is this all about? What is all about? What is all about? What is the life crisis? Yes. Yes. Comedy with the. You're late night late life crisis. Right. Now. These are you know, it was a crisis. No, I call the cops or something. There only be a crisis. And over a day or one. If nothing happens at all, then it's real crisis. But in the meantime, is. Who knows? Five six seven. So radio show. Shmoock. That's what it is. It's just a radio show. And they know. Just relax. Okay. The prices right. It's entertaining. You're puking your laugh and you're tickling yourself. You got one finger, you're footing your acto. Wherever you got out of the big toe. And you have it a great time. So just kiss the radio. Okay. That I'm still here. And that you're getting a big chuck a lot of it. Okay. Like this. Just like that. WDQA and hello. Hey, Neil. Yes. Hey, good morning. That's why I said you got a great dude. Yeah. I listen. You don't want to eight holes out there. Yeah. I will get eight. Okay. There's a bullet in the for a man. There's a bullet in a lot of holes out there. There's an a hole over there. There's a hole everywhere you look man. That's right. Here a hole. There a hole. Sometimes a half a hole. Now if they always say half a hole is better than none. I think somebody said that. Now let me just see how this thing. Because I know I'm not going to get another reply from Mark. I mean that one. That means like every six months he responds. So to speak. And he's not online anymore anyhow. That's not that. That's not always really. Because you know that my space thing. Those orange lights sometimes they light up and sometimes they don't. Now what about my your close personal friend Chris. He's on your man. He's waiting for old me. You got a long way today. See I just am not one. I'm not like a dog on a leash. I'm not really good like it barking on the man stuff like that. I'm out of mind playing it like two, three hundred times a week. But that's my limit. I don't tell me I got that. See this is more important right now. Yeah. There's another message from your boyfriend. Isn't he your boyfriend Chris? You better make up to him after what you said the first hour. Who? He says, who? He says, who cares about Chris? I do. I need to come up to Ronald and show you. Yeah. Show me something sweetheart. WDQAM. Hello. Well, if a little more time was spent on your wardrobe. You wouldn't have to do it. Yeah, I would do it. Don't ever have any problems. You right. WDQAM. Hello. Hi. Yes. Kind of agree with the last call. Yeah. Kind of agree with the last Reverend John's there. Four million. How many times is it going to be today, Reverend? John's two million, three million. How many is it going to be, Pally? Oh, he don't respond. He just, he just, he just evacuated. He just makes statements. Just like the online line. Don't respond. Q, I am 10. Okay. That takes you a nice, I totally have a nice phone call. Sweet did. It was pretty good. And like I said, the price was right. The price is just perfect. You couldn't ask for better for nothing. Am I right? Yeah. Okay. I love it when Mama sings at the wedding as a godfather. Yeah. Love you. Mama Holy One. Who is that again? Morgana King. That's right. What a memory man. What a memory. Mama made a little dinner. Yeah. Mama says that. Sentinue. You know, after he has the big thing with the poppag, Junko. Look what I got. Look what I got. And they said that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. I got that. Yeah. That's what I got. Mary Спa, your racist and girl. I got it as best. Even a good job. Tom was fine. Okay. Just because he wasn't a Puerto Rico. When you say sweet. So he says, Mama made a little dinner. Do you ever see a big fat is 업. Over like that. Made a. And in other words, A independent n Affo. May attack an army. Okay. Standy healthビ. Tell her story. We hire disability. Who is Thanksgiving night when I accidentally hit a deer. Look out. Thatced. A con guy, though. Expecting a Good and R. Recording, but someone was there to help me. Help me. I don't have me! Guy Kyrgott, my claim in the works right away, and I was actually able to enjoy my Thanksgiving. Max, but Tyda's braving! Time to go! He's very old! That's a little bit. Huh? Looking for love and a conceptive way. It's a fun fit, you're stolen from my space. Ooh, we're jealous of my ass, I'm a fake robot. Ooh, through my mind. Through my mind. I think we'd look in order that every age. My eye's okay, or maybe just strange. Looked on my dull little prince that I've got so far. True in our mind. True in our mind. Oh, the time is provided by the stars. You're stolen from the space, you're stolen from the sky. Through my mind. Through my mind. I'm given hope to the desperate and lonely. Even though I'm a secret of me only, You never know what my reason for nothing but lies. Through my mind. Through my mind. I think we'd look in order that every age. My eye's okay, or maybe just strange. Through my mind. Through my mind. Through my mind. Through my mind. Ah, 1118 at 5.60, every day, QM now. Let's get back to the show. All this nonsense, all this fall, tomorrow. If you're trying to set up this, whatever you call this, what do you call it? Playing with me. Some words, some harsh words Interpreter, and�olify an animal. Generally. You got your complete truth about who are you called. George W. Bush 233, there I go again to St. America. Religion 217. The federal debt fell in here, 163. All of these... All of these things. The crap on TV, 137. The crap their parents feed them 90. Especially if it's dual food. Drugs in alcohol, 80. Like Hannah Nicole, and at the poor dead kidder hers. The list, what is it? The lies that parents feed them 71. Which of course includes much of the above? I hate this pool only 21. Just 2% they likes it. Terrorism 19 and premarital sex only 8. That's where father or tool said. There's nothing wrong with premarital sex as long as he's the one that's having it with your kids. No problem at all. 143 votes already. What are we thinking today? We think in like 1300? Okay. Chris? Yes, that's about good. I'm thinking the phone looks awfully quiet to me even though it is a Monday. You realize it's almost April already. Which means it's Georgia's application next week and then the week after that I'm out of here man. I'm off across the pond. Hmm. Hmm. My, my, my look out now. 560560, pound 560, and he Verizon singular, wireless line. Dead as a donor. Maybe if we had our own baseball graph show on here we could we could round up a little bit of attention. You think? Nope. Fantasy baseball draft man. And we're exactly with a baseball season. No, what? What were you fracking him on? Nothing. Oh, I just actually thought that through for a second. Did you really? I'm thinking through the thing with the phone here. I mean, I know that the lay it'll take another half hour to catch up with the lay, but boy, it's pretty deadly out there. Pretty deadly. It's a damn good thing I'm getting at least a little bit of correspondence from some people here on the online, you know, throwing online. Because not their radio land. It's really, really deadly looking to me. Not too friendly this morning, huh? WDQA and hello. Oh, no, one. Yeah, hello, Neil. Let's remember in Georgia again for the 400 time to shower. Hello, Neil. By the way, Chris, what happened with that guy that was feeding you a bunch of ballooning on Friday that phone expert? Well, that's what we have to call bell south. Oh, please. I thought that when he was taking all that information about this, somebody that's going to tell us everything that we already know, then bell south. Because I want to do anything anymore. That is correct. And then of course, there's what we're Jewish, you know. It's the same way. Yeah, excuse me. Just kidding. That's all I can tell you just get used to it. And at least at least he calls. Yeah, I can't see too much for him, but that was a member of our call. I think that may be the last call for the day today. The way that phone is looking at me. Let me just check this thing out. It's the craziest. You'll see. You're going to get some really see when you're least expected like on Friday there was a call. I'm not really sure what the hell he said. There was one. I'm sure of it. W2QAM. Hello. W2QAM. All on. Hello. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Hey. I've got a blanket. I've got a blanket. I've got a blanket. Oh, what do you mean? A drawer blank. Yeah. I've got a blanket. I've got a blanket. Oh, that's for God. What I was going to say. Oh, that's better. Thank you. Okay. Coming back here. Coming back next week, we need to remember. Coming in two weeks when I'm on vacation. Call George next week. He'll answer. You won't be there either. We're all leaving. W2QAM. Hello. How are you? Okay. Every time I call, I feel like, uh, I feel like I'm so rushed on the spot and I have to get everything out so fast. I've seen you so rushed to my saying anything. I'm sitting here. I'm listening. I'm going to call. What do you got? No, but when I call, I feel like I have to get everything out so quickly. Yeah. And what do you got? That was it. What do you got? That's a joke. I don't have nothing today. But when I call with something, I feel like I've got to. Well, when is that going to happen? Are you going to give us the date when that's going to happen? I don't know. I'll put it on the counter. I'll put it on the counter. At that date, when you call man, I'll make sure that we give you least. At least. I've turned man. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. You don't have to agree with those last couple of calls. Yeah. So, the four hundred and four, let me ask you something. You got the phone stuck in where the moon was showing? Man, oh man, it's like an automatic redio. What that same, that same street. I got it with gray. Yeah. You know, if you're going to like a stupid call, at least make it a good stupid call. That's a problem with so many of you idiots. Bad stupid calls. That's the problem. This is the problem. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. QAM, Ola. Yes. You can go in the can of. We will wait when we can. We will wait when we can. Rubber Rabbcrotter started to kick in now. There is a pace off start. Is it like a pass over now? Not that we have any Jews listening anyway. They are all off set with me because I won't suck up the Israel. You know, in a Jewelie woman, stuff like that. They give very upset about things like that. WQAM, hello. A video. You a picture or a taster. Awww. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. Okay, let me get back into my pile because I can see I have more done. We are done on it phone. The Bush administration is backing into law in the scale of Iraq, war dispatch, detect dog, big chanel over the weekend, to spew the usual rhetoric of hate, claiming the Household said at the time table for withdrawal aids in a bet's the enemy. The claim is standard fair for Bush's often used claim that either you support him or you are a traitor to the country. Just like that guy said at the beginning of the show, you are a traitor to destroying America. However, with polls showing 67% of American people along the way, the words have an extremely hollow ring. The Associated Press reports by President Cheney on Saturday accused the Democrat that House of not supporting troops in Iraq and of sending a message to terrorists that America will retreat in the face of danger. They are not supporting the troops. They are undermining them. Cheney told a gathering of the Republican Jewish coalition at Oceanside, Ritz, Carlton, Hotel, and Al-Panthlow to 60 miles north of Miami. On Friday, the Household of the Clamp of Cutoff, Dillon on the Iraq War, agreeing by a thin margin to pull combat troops up by next year. The $124 billion Household of the Associated With Pay for Worse in Iraq and Afghanistan this year, but will require the combat troops come on from Iraq before September 2008 or earlier if the Iraqi government does meets your requirements. Cheney called it a myth that one can support the troops without giving them the tools and reinforcements they need to carry out their mission. President Bush's friend of either legislation, Cheney said, now withdraw troops before their stability in Iraq. We should live so long, okay? Stability in Iraq. That's like religionists for sanity. Scientific religionists, all of us are the crap in a stability in Iraq, my ass. 154 votes on a poll were doing stellar on their, I'll tell you. We're kicking the old style on a poll. In the church. And it will honor it. We've disweek installed it, though. Now see here. I'll see here. Pants are essential to a man's attire. Now I got all kinds of things in my pants. And a Martians, and a dingo bellies, and who knows what I'll find in it next? You know, many things have been said about my pants. I may not be wearing any now, but I've only caused an aflary effect excitement. I sold them. But bit more for pants. Fred Moitz, a James Cocole. Tamar, and another thing. Who bit more for hygiene? Sunder's Eve? Mr. Whipple. And I think you know the answer to that one. And while I'm under subject of sports. Who bit more for the dolphins offense? Slow-mo wasn't all? Well, Mr. Kittle. Let me give you something else up in your ping-piper smoke. Who bit more for great Mr. Bethroom spray? Who are hey, Faker-Dawden run radius? They know, they're a by-and-e-he. Ah! Tamar! You know where you can insult the fact here. If Joyce will lead died! Wait, wait, take your gold. You can't go nowhere, I'm not the- There we go. Is Lothahon 32? What is it? Thousands of 68 votes. It's 113 to 1. Clarks can get my numbers confused. Usually I can keep my numbers free straight. Well, this phone today, this is as deadly. I think we're observing the demise as we knew it. You know what? I think we're observing, we're presiding over it. Don't you? Okay. But ask us if we cared. Not as long as I pay touch show up today. That's all I care about. When I get the word on that, then everything is kosher. For pay-saw. 567, 0560, pound-560, and the Verizon Singatar wireless line. This is the worst I have ever seen on this phone. I would say like in at least what 20 years. Let me just see. Let me just make sure that we're safe. They're working. They're working just fine. 168 votes on the pool. George Bush leading the pack again. George, W. Bush, and religion. W. Q. A. M. Hello. Yes, sir. The reason we can't have a conversation is George. Yes. George. I got my driver in John's. I knew. See, all of this is above Bill. I have only one thing that solves that problem. The shotgun. Sure, what will solve the problem. There's no question about it. 32A. M. Hello. Oh, bummer. I just thought that meant a bummer. 32A. M. Hello. I've got plenty of material. 32A. M. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yes, ma'am. How are you, ma'am? How are you, ma'am? Okay. Yeah. I'm not used to it. I'm not used to it. I'm not used to it. I'm not used to it. I'm not used to it. Right. You're the good. Oh, good. Sorry. I'm not used to it. I'm not used to it. I'm not used to it. I'm not used to it. Well, wasn't that sweet? Yeah. I'm not used to it. Okay. Get new foam by the way. Sounds like you're underwater. Sounds like she was talking to her about 40 pounds of mush. Isn't that just my imagination? No, it was mushy. It was really mushy. Sounds like that bit that they were playing. Don't even move. Or something. Yeah. Sounds like that. Not that they care you understand. I can see why they don't carry. Yeah. It's just, it's a, there comes a point when you just throw up your arms and say, hey, you know, what the hell? What the f, remember Tom Crucian that was movie? Risky frisky business. Is that what it was? I don't remember that. He said, you know, it comes a time when, when he was a. You didn't interview for a college or whatever. And how did he was? Remember the guy came to do the interview? That's right. Robert of whatever. And he said, you know something, Dick or whatever the guy's name was. It just comes a point in life where you say, what the f. That's right. You know what? It's a good memory, old man. Oh, hey, listen. There's certain things you don't forget. That's some Crucian before he was so gay. WDQAM Hello. Release me before we knew about it. WQAM Hello. Run in the zoo. The rest thing's fine. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM. I'm just going up and down. All day. QAM Hello. Me, no God. Yes, sir. I want people realize that the situation with salary plank. She was in charge of 20 years. You know, Valerie, the girl that they outed, Mr. Billi, and Mike. I think we need to walk your ass off the edge of the plank. Bottom line, Bill is. What is the bottom line, schmuck? Twenty years, sir. Yeah. Valerie, plank. WQAM Hello. Yes. Okay. WQAM Hello. Okay. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. Yes. What happened to that young guy that was on the show there? Her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her, her. Curtis, first, first day non-miss show. No, um, court. He was good, though. Josh, why do you wear that? Yeah, he was going to date. He was fine. He was fine. He was really funny. Yeah. He was fine. He was really funny. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He, he, well, he paid it a call, but. Yeah. I'm treated. 560, and I just took him out of my will. Just since you said that. 560, and 560, and 560, and the Verizon, and singular, wireless, this is a singularly amazing day to me. And ask me if I care. I don't really care. Get care? Nothing. I got that email from my friend Mark and the wheelchair there. The soccer player from UNF. Hmm. I mean, why should I care? Why, why worried about this other small potatoes, man? These people like you've always said, how many of these in terms of you said? This is America man. This is, this is the last great bastion of democracy where these people can call and in three four seconds or less they can say just about anything they want. And they still can't do it. Okay. Yeah, that's right. Well, I can't do that either. That would at least that would be different. You know what I mean? That would be different. What ever happened to him by the way? Maybe he died. We can only pray. QAM. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. I played soccer too, baby. Yeah. And. I'm going to put you. And little body. Boring. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We're not trolling for soccer players on here. Okay. I've already got my soccer player buddy there on in, out there on my space, out in the Etherick somewhere. You know, what are those fantasy people? A lot of real fine pictures on here. I mean, it's super fine. And all you, all you want to be is that they're all these people. Oh, yeah. I'm six foot two and I'm really chisel. Yeah, you want to be chisel, okay? In fact, I'll tell you by a card. They chisel your ugly ass. Go down and see bow camp or he'll help you out. Boy, see here. He uses dollars of 600 year old juggled blue blade. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. W. Hello. No. W. W. Q. Hello. Good. That's an odd of cares. WQAM. Hello. That whatever happened to fill a lorry and over in Lakewood, to village. Somebody can QAM, hello. You. Yes. How's it going? All right. Great. All right. I just want to say, I know you don't talk about sports or anything like that. No, absolutely do not. Well, that's great. Yeah. The matter of fact, you should actually picture the rest of the people in that place about the people that are trying to build another modern stadium. No modern stadium. No tax money for modern stadium. Yeah. How about getting a getters? How many years has the bad act of first stadium? And they're millionaires? Maybe they can't even get the chance. Yeah. boring. 560560 pound 560 are approaching 1100. I think we got 13 and we looked at a Chris and Chris will be mighty happy about that. Now, what's the story with, let's see tomorrow, speak in a Marlins and ready reminded me of that. That's another reason to be in an extra good mood today. As we got Marlins and the Eurils tomorrow, 1250 and Thursday, the Marlins and the Cardinals, what's not to love? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. In the back, do you want to see KS? Huh? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, let's go to a great man. From now until, I would say like it will do summer time and we'll just shut the whole thing down. WDDC, you know, give a crap and we're proud of it. 1080's say, I will say, I say boats before the hours over. We want to have 1100 crystal, so we can do. Let's see. It's coming up on noon, we can do 13 easy. Easy. Yeah. I'm all right. Definitely. Easy. Qa and hello. I'm going to be here. Yes, sir. How you doing, sir. Okay. I'd like to tell you. I'm starting to figure out what the problem is here at Qa. And what is that? You're not a team player. Yeah. Well, you know last week when they asked us to give you some interview time for that entertainer at the end there We're coming bow or whatever it is Yeah, let them do it. No, I should know guys okay there. No, I should not that's not the way radio works, Muck. Well, how about a few interview them? You could have done it. Yeah, I don't want to even don't we talk to the best of them and show you have any ID who they were gonna interview? with some black entertainer. Yeah, and You know pretty I couldn't they had done that between seven and ten when they were on the year Well because then they're having that clear so I thought would you tell me that because I'm not a team player That's why they got a one seven share in a morning and they're dying on their ass is it's my fault Yeah You know we used to have those t-shirts and I would do in fact wasn't a Steve Nicholson. It's meals fault and then on the back would have a law You know right if it rains Well, but you're being his diarrhea. So whatever happens meals fall I've been listening this for 31 years in this market every time somebody fails falls flat on a race I'll have to know what it just been more of a team player or more supportive. You know right Give Kenny a big kiss for us by the way or is it toast? WQAM hello Yeah, I wouldn't be worried about you. I am ready to finish it get the dolphin's back. I really go just skyrocket from there No question not that man Hey, and I think that you do it We have take this five six seven take two in call us in the morning or not is the case made me I think the North Park sounds good not Is it not very nice five six seven oh five six you'll see I'll squeeze something on these bastards today You'll see I don't want to tell you where I'm squeezing it from back. Don't fire that's what we're getting you know what I mean the good stuff's coming later an accidental drug overdose killed former reality TV star. I love that word reality TV right and Playboy playmate and an Nicole Smith some old travel cheap Charlie tiger said today Charlie tiger Tiger said there was no evidence to fall play we are convinced based on extensive renew the evidence that this case is an accidental overdose Would no other criminal element present tiger said the medical examiner's office said I'm more seven to cause this myth death had been determined But wouldn't be announced for one or two weeks to give police time to officially investigation Broward medical examiner Joshua perpper with that strange head wanted make sure not the investigators find each Any of his own findings Proper said today this myth was taking nine Count them okay count them on the fingers the I different kinds of medication the days before death including a sleeping aid Well it worked like crazy man at sleeping one put it a sleep for good Tiger said Monday the case is not closed the did it She's dead, you know, I mean is there any foot and going on on the drugs through his baby was the true family now to dead family To get you to coincidence No You're not eating again, are you they're better not be no food in there. Oh, yeah, that's what tough to hold me Oh, definitely seen a dillards in the gallery or by the way by one of my spies going in your bragging about the fact that he knows the Rogers and the Rogers is this and my my all those other crap Hey, Duff you're fairie WDQA and hello Yeah, I'd like to speak to Neil God please speaking sir. I'd like to thank you first Neil for making my drive from Jupiter to Farther than every day tolerable Mm-hmm and And then second request if you can just Prologue you're second request what was the first request? Thank you for making your call yes, and if you can play the one it's quick solution and the basket's probably at love it So, there's you don't have anything to say just to request No, that that was just a suckup that was just a set of for the request No, you think I'm that stupid do you know I'm stupid but I'm not that stupid. Oh, no, I wouldn't say what you think at all Yeah, you do think that the otherwise you wouldn't have tried to pull out stun, you know your sucky sucky kissy kissy kissy and then right But could you play and put it on? Of course not you're crazy person or what? Good, golly Miss small. They must think I call out a bed that somebody has to push me on the floor and grab me by the arm to drag me in here I get out of bed unassisted man Let me tell you that right now at least so far until my soccer friend gets up here Wouldn't that be nice when he's probably needs a taste to come and heal up you know what I mean? Well, I sure wouldn't happen here. I'll give you that. That's ninety three votes on the pool. We got eleven hundred lit WQAM hello Yes, sir. Yeah, good show today Weston I got a Godfather one question Which my friends and I we discussed the numerous times and the other way the flawless movie Yeah In the scene where Sunny gets the call from Bar Connie that the Carlos is beat on them right he goes right out Jumping the car hot hit his health takes off out of the compound time hating followed Tells go last room. He said go after them and then all sudden there is you know at the toll booths They open up on him. I'm gonna see you know to a couple minutes, but these Yeah, and I was wondering what what happened that you know there was no Well, I would have got to interfere afterwards because when it earlier with the dawn, you know the show for God Commended with the line, you know To leave the gun the Kanoi Carlos gets whack at the end, but go slow How Carlos right at the end, you know we got you got whack because he was involved in the and setting up sunny That was wondering about those guys and nobody or you know Capital and ever you know had anything say there was a little slow man a little bit soon and every traffic was heavy Yeah And a closing comment on the first thing they would know the first team The worst team, yeah They had a guy eating dog food on the show their intern They paid them a course of them, but I found that incredible and that's all I got to say thanks For the good news, man, okay, I'm gonna jump off the window. I'm gonna commit suicide right on here here We're gonna promote it till about one o'clock And I'm gonna take the cord and I'm gonna dangle over the edge of the balcony and then you'll hear me like After hearing that they fed the intern dog food on the show on that was it Well, yeah, food was like kibbles and schmits or what won't that wasn't maybe that was the the object is to see if he died in it, yeah Well, I know about that show W. He way in hello Yes, sir. Good evening What is that with a very bad accent life? Yeah, that right a Jamaican with a bad Jamaican accent though This is an alarm washing my car and I noticed that in a room in commercial from pretty ways It's a What are you talking about man? What are you talking? Yeah, yeah, get lost man another crazy person crazy Jamaican. Excuse me for the redundancy level two on the pool. All right You see that there's a method to my madness today. You may not hear it on the ear. May not be on the show But behind the scenes man is some heavy duty stuff going on. I don't know what it is 11-0 Refersion again 11-0-2 The worst threat to our children George W. and Bush 247 Religion 232 very close side by each The federal debt that they're going to inherit 177 the crap on TV 139 the crap their parents feed the 97 drugs and booze 83 drugs and booze baby The lies that parents tell them 75 I hate this pool a mere 22 just one point nine percent. How do you like that? And we didn't ask him this morning to like it and they do like it Terrorism 21 and primarital sex only nine who now though want their kids their primarital sex huh who doesn't want that? You want your kids that primarital sex? Yes, can they of course They probably will Yeah, no matter if I wasn't the question I want them to yes, no I want them to wait until they're married and then find out that there's something wrong with the guy that they're supposed to be having sex with Right, that's right. Find out like that kind of rather than you even have a And the equipment a told my daughter don't buy a card. Let's you test try it. Oh There you go. We're good. See there's there's a kind of pervert daddy didn't everybody wants WQAM hello Yes, sir. This is very important for you to know this some being serious with you You know what we would all the media out there you are the breakfast pressure and I'm being serious with you I got to like me. I saw listen to all these Crack pots rush limba on Chris button back and everything like nobody would even have to listen to them Why is this only holding a video? No, if I turn to a field dial you don't want to mean I know I hear but then I turn you on and all I hear is the truth and the guy who called me for this has You disingenuous you know the point for the matter is there's millions and tens of millions of Americans who want to get the heck out of a rack And because there's President keep his kids for that and I want to know from you Point was we can do besides and peace this guy to make a difference That that's funny this must be the funniest call I've ever heard That's right we're still on here We make a difference. We got 11 hundred like we'll make 13 today Sir, I would take a deep breath. I'd start on the dog food right now. Let me recommend a few brands you okay? You can do what would be good. Kimbles and shmits In fact, I think they're called humanish mits WQA and hello I was stand up and saying god bless America come on here. You can do it go ahead. So I'm sorry Meal Kimbo on the work in the morning. Yeah, why would you give me that show? worst you are cheap You're asking me yeah, I mean you should know because because he sounds so exciting because he's a great broadcast Is this Home and do a sing is a good guy. Call me inducing man as correct. Call man do sing But if you would just be more cooperative You know let them have 50 minutes of your show so they could drive you down into the ones and believe me We're well on the way. I have no doubt about that That last year anyway trend that was not a fluke we're on the way when you're on the Titanic man and you see everybody Going down all around you and there's no more life red jackets left You know what your ultimate fate is gonna be Which is why it really is very important that I find out if that check shows up today because if it doesn't show up today I just might be out you know something this is a truth and the sun certain shine is gonna be like 67 here today. I may just walk around the streets and tomorrow naked today. This is kind of like a Protel all about the use take pictures as a protest against the beeslies in the average way Which they're conducting business and it had Bruce Beesley sit across the table there would jolly fat your bell It give me a solid an answer about how they're gonna be the best damn sports station And they're gonna do this I don't know what the hell this man is too I didn't seem doing any drugs during lunch Or maybe he's looked off maybe the me bastard them in their real quiet when I went to take a leek or some I don't know I mean this man talks to a cock guy talk nonsense Where it's like it like everybody around you is dying and you're like hey What's where is the party? Come in when the party starts you know like that? I just don't get there's that Tony Harris guy and see and he gives me the he gives me spooky's man I shiver and I shake and I just want a quick when I see him and I was like good crap He spews out W to Q a M hello Q a M hello Q a M New hey, I'll be Monday to you. Well back to you. Hey I know it's so little time and so much to do and so much to read and see but have you seen a movie fast food nation? What is it? That food nation. Yeah sucks. Oh, you hate it. Oh, that's garbage. We were going to like it What about set up and sing by the dick be sick Didn't see it. Oh, okay. Well that's a good one I hope you like that fast food nation blows I mean like it's something like it's some surprise that he goes to me So I crap every day he's a he's around a virgin dying is that a shocked anybody? See ya Do you see it? No, I did not good good choice and I'm also what do I need to know if I suck you suck you into watching raising your resume Don't do that either I remember in the 15 votes on the poll and that came as a real shock I mean a whole thing was about how he kept going to the doctor and his cholesterol was going up and his blood pressure was going up and he was getting Fatter and fatter and then the ending I'm dying. Oh, yes, but yeah, I guess he made a few bucks off I grab your cue Alie where not nella for that advice that goddo RI That ivy do the round is today His aggressive set of wheels fix both a way of the word Now he's feeding mom who Drives it made a good Not in 1975,ował Goutokina shall Run in Iv by now in Sp Mom Fab vital act. Balby. So, before 5.60, WQM is still our day if you guys meet a phenomenal Monday, man. We have a lot of 130 votes, we're going to be at 13 every Friday off the evening. Not like 15 every like we had a couple of Mondays ago. And what was the big deal on that day? Maybe we're actually some people. I don't know. Huh? Boy, if we could figure that out, figure what up? You know, like one of the good days going to be in line. Well, what do you mean, this is that make? I thought I was not here to buy was whether that paycheck shows up today. Oh yeah, that's good. Sounds so cares up at the house. I'm bigger part of it. We just don't care. That's right. We just don't care. WJVC. We just don't care. And we refuse to care, okay? Just like that morning show. No, but I think you're playing on here. Like, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Like that. And why should we care about that when we got Lenny Martins on the air and some of the other swirls. I mean, this radio and we got opening tips and I would bin both coolers or some bin mobile on there. Do we have the heat gain? No, we carry the heat gain on. We don't think anybody cares about the heat is going to be listened to the WJVC since they care the heat gain. We sure they got a very highly sold and well sold pre-game show and post game show. Wouldn't you assume that when you think so? Huh? Huh? Huh? Right. You would think so. But you want to know why we got it. Do you want the answer to the question? Nope. No. But you know already know the answer to the question. You know the answer to the question. If I can find it because it's right. It's right. It's right. It's right. It's right. It's just start getting bitter now. Okay. No, I'll get bitter. I'll get bitter. I'll get bitter. You know, I'll sit here every now and then. I get one of these lucid moments. I really mean this. And during the last break, I've seen her. I think to myself, I'm not letting money is not a problem for me. I've got plenty of money. Stay as you well know. Okay. Have plenty of cash. Well, much other than arrow. I could just say to you right now. Hey, guess what? I wouldn't do it to you because that would be cool. Plus, I don't know if the chase showed up yet. Right. So the check was there and I was positive that, you know, it was in the bank. I could just say to you, hey, George, Chris, have a good time, man. All right. Thanks for the memories. Put on my pantaloonies. Yeah, that's right. I think I'm going to play a thing from once upon a time in America. I love that music reason. And the opium, then. What was that? Huh? I'm trying to think of what that is. Yeah, it's the same thing when I'd floored the Indian parents. Yeah. Those Indians are big on the flute. QAM, hello. I know if the Titanic does good. Please, please. So, uh, life's both for George. Please, hello, that guy. I'm right. He's got his rubber wrap. He saved it. It's right. Smart enough, he knew we'd come in handy. To the side. When we came to QAM, he figured you out better. I better keep that thing. Get all the holes all up. Go up, you know, patch patch that maybe up. I said, don't really have a wrath to organize, but hey, you don't want to do. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five. I'm serious. I mean, I'm just, I'm sticking to myself. And it's not, yeah, I mean, the calls are the same old crap. It's been this way for like five years now. Can you, yeah, I remember a, see, a lot of people assume that I forget because I don't have old timers disease. Well, we came to QAM and they put together the disparate makeshift studio on the second floor down there. There were days. And this is the truth. There were days when I sat there. And then that whammy thing was going on. And then we were taping, me sitting there in my misery. I was begging, pleading for a call, anything. Playing all that music to go the time. And then I would punch up the phone and realize the lines were dead. You remember how many times that happened? Like a heart, the phone wasn't even working. It wasn't working. And I'm sitting there and I'm pumping the numbers and screaming and wailing. Like a loon of a tick. And the phone was dead. It's just kind of like this line one here now. Chris, how long would you say that? Like a year and a half more than two years. More than two years. One of the lines on the phone has been dead. Two years. And this is, this is major market radio. Where they don't even, they don't even read it. We just don't care, okay? You call this big market radio? Not me. I call this a laughing stock. I call this a joke. And then of course if I open up a mouth, well, there he goes again. We're paying them all that money. And well, there he goes again. Rippin' us. Listen, if they did things right, we'd be the happiest people on the face of the global, okay? We'd be if static. We'd be squeezing ourselves. We'd be jumping for joy like Mexican jumping beans in heat. But they just don't care. They don't and they won't. Now it was Josh Cortis told me that he had lunch with Jolly Joe Bell here a week or two ago. Remember that conversation we had? Yes. They went to lunch. And Joe told them things are going great. I mean, we got one and two shares all day long now, including this show. I mean, January, we're like fading off the face of the globe. But the building is good. Maybe we got a lot of spots. We got spots up the old S right. They have a name for that disease. It's called DDD. Dalmatian disease. You get spots in your thumb. W2M. Hello. Yes sir. Just a correction. Sir, let you talk about the explanation. You are thinking super-sized before. I was super-sized me. Right. Two nation, what does that? It's about meat packing industry. It's a good book, but I don't know about the movie, but... Oh, heaven's right. I'm so sorry, man. So sir, I don't want to see it, don't make me sick. Just one thing, Neil. You got one year left, bro. Just relax. You got one year since when do I have one year left? I got one of those two years left. You got him two thousand. And almost two years left sir. Almost two years, alright. You just relax. You know, don't worry about everybody. Everything's fine. Okay. Alright buddy, take care. Thanks. Okay. I've got a long, sincere sit back. Oh, this is good. Oh, man. This is relaxing. You know what? If you could see me, maybe it's just as well. I'm sitting back. What do you mean by that? Or are you just in your boxes? Oh, definitely it's just as well. Nobody can see me now. Oh, sure. You could go to the radio station. I'm sorry. I, I, I, I, I, that, uh, super sized me. That's the movie. I keep seeing on the cable. It's horrible. Fast food nation. Now maybe I better go get that, huh? I would kill sometime. It's no more Adam, sure. I know how nice. It is. I don't know how you reached that. I don't know how you reached that. I don't know how you reached that. I didn't have to reach it. It's self-apulance to sit back in my chair now. I'm almost like in a reclining position as they say in a little of Anna position. What about their favorite position is in a little of Anna? Bro, let's be silent. I don't want to know. 1140 votes on the pole. We're doing fine on there. I'm just, you know, I'm just looking out loud. You know me? Like Bill Tech would say, our loud. Is that what this name was, Bill Greg? It was. Our loud. Our loud. Let's go back to whammy, Nanny. Yeah. And really do a really kick some old ancient style ass. I, I just, I've just never worked around an outfit that is so indifferent and so just, uh, lack of basically would be, I'd be understanding of the century. It's like that copy that I got, you know, which I don't want to go into what, accountants for, but it's just like, uh, what's this? What is this all about? And it's like, just do it, you know, just do it. Don't pay any attention. Just, uh, endorse it and, uh, just lie a lot. Like we do. Okay. If you want to send me all that money, I'll lie through my teeth, man. Yeah, it's one of those things. It's called Tete for Todd. Probably this past new at 5, 60 W. Come, I guess I better. I don't know. I was pretty comfortable. I could actually fall asleep like this, especially with your calls. Although we, we had one or two not on that guy. I thought that guy was sensational. Neil, you are so important. What the hell, what kind of crap was he on? Is he doing the dog food too? I think so. Thought I must be on a heavy, uh, doggy diet. Something. Jesus God. I'm right. Goodbye, Concolyer. Have your pack of bones. You know, so much of the haying, the tongue-sany that is not that loose. This is time. You're not still alive. And that's it. Come on, it's not so price. Because you're a big fatsel. You're a one-scam-body. Good night. I'm new to you, mus' and you're not alone. To the tail of it. Take out your pants. Uh, with two tons of dirt. You're a couple of, but I'm a boss. I happen to make sure you're the same equal. You're that's for swimming. And then stood there with another turn-by-teasy pass. And then, at the team, I wasn't having a good long. I've seen this one day, the world was 6,000 pounds. You fell. You should know better not to put an engine in there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm back in a chair again, man. I'd like this. I think this could work for me, you know. I'm not going to be able to reach the phone thing. I think this is a gravity boots and hang upside down and do the show. That's what I'm going to be doing. For my cuscai hook would be through. Oh, this is so, I feel like my whole life has just changed. So you leave it to me, man. When the guy, remember the guy at the call the other day said, you're the best when they got you back that against the wall. Remember that guy last week? Nope. Some crusty old fart. He'd be dead by the end of this week. I'm hoping. 150 votes on the pool. I think we got 1300 in the bag, baby. And they'll be sick of it. I think no one's to take about that. Now all we need is a few calls on there. I wonder how that's going to sound. Would we sit back like this? I got the mic. I got the boom. Hangin' out. Hangin' down your boom, Tom Dully. 560, 5060, I've never done this before my life. I mean, I'm sitting. Not that it sounds any different. No. Not really now. Although I think I sound a little more dulls at the usual. 560, 5060, and 5060, and they provide in singular, wireless line, waiting for this audience to wake up and get a life. What are you trying to tell us? I don't have no life. 30QAM, hello. The time deal. Yes, sir. I've just got a chance to tune in. I love your show. Yes. I'm sure you probably already talked about it, but did you see Saturday night live? No. We can. No. With taking manning on it. If I have to hear about Peyton Manning, and at bit the day play this morning on a morning show, I will have to. I'll pick up meals that I even forgot I ate. Sorry. I just tuned in. I didn't get a chance. I guess you've heard of it. Oh, I've won. I've already heard of it then. I've heard of what? That's the never mind. Love you, man. Thanks. See. Now, Fris shot was a really good good because the thing that they played was enough to put me into an end of coma. It wasn't anything wonderful. I mean, Saturday night live hasn't been that great for a while. It's about 25 years. There was a couple of spots. There was a couple of bits that were okay. Some of them were just kind of whatever. So, like the one that they played this morning. Yeah. I said he was cute as my buddy marked it. A soccer player for you when I have. He's cute. He's beautiful. He's lovely. I'm going to find him. Now that he's in the wheelchair. I'm going to find wherever he's at. And then, then he'll fear me. Then you'll hear from me again. That's a promise. WDQAM. Hello. Hey, no, all your money. Very good. I called that last week to let you guys know how to block numbers. Did they ever work out for me? Yeah, I didn't hear. You see, you are so full of a loony man. No, they got a kid. Chris has saw an advance about calling Bell. They'll let them. They'll let them care. I don't know. With all due respect. What is this? They call them if they have a, if they're just, sir. Let me say it's hey, again. They couldn't give a wee line. Go on. We've been sure. Don't you think that this is our first day on the year? Click. Yeah. Full of crap. Another thing. Click. Sir. Yeah. Full of crap. Another right. No, another. Sock for a first. Thanks for. Oh, he is the inside or man. Everybody's got the inside poop. We're there inside. Inside your heinous. WQAM. Hello. They got it from my group. From my, you. What? That's good. You want to go? No. Don't. I'm purpose. Oh, he is. How can you tell? WQAM. I'm a teacher. Yes, sir. Talking about foreign people. Whatever happened to a civil Harvey Jr. He vanished. God. And George is pretty good. I think George. I think George. You would tell George. I love the guy. Not at all. You know who this sounds like Woody. Yeah. I know. Because you're a jackass. It's jackass Monday, baby. And that's Woody on there. Trying to do a little bit different boys. But it's, you know, you can smell it. Oh, God. That's Woody. Hey. You said, why do you know that lasted for a couple of minutes. Here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pong 5, 60. I don't know why it makes it to big difference. But it's just much more comfortable doing this. I probably would live through the 90 if I would have been doing this right from the Ghetto. I could probably sound like a 45-year extension. That I'd be dangerous. Man, this is comfortable. Do you know that I put this chair? I had to go and buy this chair. I mean, I did. And they'd live with a chair from like office, deeper. What if when I had to put it together? I mean, not that that's that big of a deal. It's first of the day that I had to put the, uh, get the keyboard out there and do all that stuff on the floor. Remember that a couple weeks ago? Yeah. You talk about it. Do it yourself studio. WDQAM. Hello. I'm Danielle. Yes, sir. Down on three or four. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Crazy Queens on the radio. Yeah. Ha. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 60, 5, 60, and the Verizon and single. I guess he thought he was pretty tickled. He was tickling it. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Hello. Neil. Yes. And here we're going to have a call regarding, uh, the sunking of your Titanic. You know what? School course. Save yourself. WQAM. Hello. Probably how the people here. Oh, that was good. That was great. How's the people? How's the people? How's the people? He's so great, man. Philipsy more half in shorts. He's really good. Tell them, Mr. Ripley, it's a good movie. Highly recommend. Even a George enjoyed it. Even with all the factory in there. Even with. Even with. How could you not love that? It was mild factory. It was, you know, not that the one character though. She just bugs the crap on me. What's her name? Real me as kind that, uh, the broad. What is her name? Kate Brian Chat. Kate Brian Chat. She always said to God. Talk about it. Wallflower. I mean, she played the perfect role, you know. Like nobody, nobody would do her with your goods. I mean, just absolutely untouchable, unmodable. And like, oh, so desperate. Oh, well, uh, Tom or whatever. Oh, she called him whatever his name was. What was his name? I don't know. Tom or fleeing. What was the other guy's name? I don't know. I don't know. Dickie. Dickie. Dickie. Dickie. Hello. More the first ring you. How about that? Yeah, it must be a miracle. Maybe it's going to be a call, but I doubt it. What do you got? Not much. My friend told me to give you a call. I didn't know what to say to you. What do you mean your friend told you to give me a call? Your friend like her. He's subservient to your friend. You do whatever he tells you. Well, it's lunch time we're sitting here, you know. Doing nothing. Cypher. A corporate time stealing weasels. Oh, don't you get it line. That is so bad. Well, I'm sorry. I couldn't help you. You know. Mad dog intensive. Yeah, well, I'll leave it to him. That's his material. Okay. We use our material. He can use his stuff, you know. All right. That's what we use. That's what we use. Give your friend a big kiss for us, pal. I will. Okay. I may be holding a little bit more after. Okay. We'll see how good you are. Give a little kiss. A little pan on a shoulder. A little squeeze, you know, a little pan on a butt. Like that. Like if my buddy Mark would get his ass up here out of that wheelchair. Seriously, you could have knocked me over with a with a perky feather. When I saw that we planned there. That was sweet. That was amazing. You know, I thought I'm going to hear from him again. Not that he is any ID who to hell I am. And that's probably why he does reply. Even though I've written him a great detail, I'm an old fag. I'm on the radio. I'm the queen of self. You know. And it's like, I'm sure he must know somebody up there who knows who I am, right? And he's still right. And that's why he's a good guy. Anybody who knows who I am. And he's still communicating with me. You've got to say something good about them for that. Wouldn't you agree? Yes. Whatever you say. Anybody who would put up with my cram? Have I knew a will of friend? Have I not know? Have I not knew a will of friend? Have I never knew a will of friend? Have I ever asked you reads a truth for it? Calm down. The truth is that our beloved is on our own lands. We'll talk in the next part of us, please. We're the same person. Don't you need any advice? Yes, we are. We're the same girl, right? Alright! Why don't they told me I needed such a room. I said, not because let you final answer. Gotta TV show a new york jack. And unlike Kathy Lee, I'm gonna be black. Nice! But first I have to buy past my other Reese. Maybe doubt the clock can fill in for me. Because we just feel this gotta clog up hot. A bunch of doctors looking at my shot. But gonna have to spread my ribcage of hot. Oh God! We just move this guy out of hot. Oh God! Don't worry folks. I'm not gonna run away and die like America's got talent. I've got a great reason to learn. Can we rip off promise to get me a spot back? Oh, chest veins. Just kidding. Maybe not. I bet. Prof. 21, 29, so 1 and 5, 60, WDQM. So what do you think? Our good post personal buddy Chris, I'll fly him up here to Toronto. He can come up here, he can hang out. Just take care of all my needs. What do you think? Okay. That'll be good. How does that sound? Especially when you start using the pants. Yeah, that could be very soon. The pants on the home came on. Let this guy on the pool. We'll have about 1300 of you'll see. And then Chris will be. Chris will be saying, oh yeah, you were right. New, right. Is that what you're gonna be saying? All of the show which I think you're talking about. I think you're talking about an apology for what you said. You're not a team player man. I'm gonna start. Huh? Yeah, he's gonna be blackballed. You better go in there tomorrow. You're gonna get your ass blackballed from the worst team show. We said the worst team that we have to worst is how they do it. This business of what he said, we don't care. We don't care. He said that he's trying to be sure that the shoulders. That's not the same. He basically said the shoulder shoulder is that. And Kenny was like, yeah, we were really careful. Now, wait, wait a minute. He was like, we don't care or he said, When you say somebody is like, can he said, When you say somebody is like this, okay, that's punk speak for like like like, yeah, yeah, you're interpreting. Kenny's the one that said, yeah, we really don't care. Well, if you had a one seven, would you care? Here's a fact that says, alcohol, the ol just out of curiosity when W.K. and pre-empt you show from Arnold's exhibition is baseball. And all of your listeners bail out, does that, doesn't that make your ratings look bad? Well, of course it does. Nobody's listening when they put that crap on. So it's like, what do you want most? You want to get the time off early, which of course we do, or do you care about the ratings anymore after all these years? What do we have to prove? Like, I got to prove something? Also wanted to let you know, I'm ready to action that I had on Friday night when I accidentally turned in the heat, put up post game show with Bimbo, calls and some other guy, it said sounded worse than a high school radio show. Well, with all apologies to Piper High, we apologize profusely to our friends at Piper High. That's for them. Oh, no, not not what these get to be stories. Keesland, Joja. The executive director of the Honey Creek Piscobal retreat said we're northeast, canned and county. Well, I think that's a good idea. Chris could be here. If it's been, it's here behind me. Although I'd be watching pretty close. And like, rub my shoulders during the breaks, or maybe even right on the show. On the what? Oh, on the show. Shoulder. You don't think that would be uplifting? Yeah, I think it would be a rise out of you. Get a rise out of you. He's got some time to kill. He's going off to Europe later on in the year, whatever, and probably with my money. What's wrong with that? Anyway, can I get back to this? The executive director of the Honey Creek Episcobal retreat center northeast, canned and county was arrested by the Georgia Bureau of Investigations on Wednesday of last week after church officials reported finding photographs of new girls on his computer. James Cox, 70, was arrested on charges of sexual exploitation of children and possession of child pornography and looked into the Camden County, jail in Joja. Kiesland, Joja. Thoroughly said, Honey Creek staff contacted the GBI among the after discovering what appeared to be new photographs of young women on a computer and Cox's office According to a news release from the diocese. The diocese has been a cost from his job in Barton from the Camp and Conference Center, which is also his residence. According to the website, the Honey Creek retreats on 100 wooded acres in Waverly, the infiscobal diocese is owned and operated the center since the 50s. It can actually enable summer camp for young students and gates to grade 3 through 12. Gains. Now, what is this? Can we already straighten this out? Neal is confusing Morgan's furlough movie, but there's a lot of information there. Fast food nations sometimes humorously covers the entire agribusiness model and the illegal immigration that fuels it. Hello, yes, Camdo from Camp Camillo, from Bruce Willis, sometimes we all eat little smith. He says, Ethan Hawke who I love and Chris Christoph is also out there moments. Ethan Hawke is a great actor. Even if he didn't look at that good anymore, he always says that schmussy look, you know? There are some guys that could really look very good. They've always got to have a little, I don't know, they don't want to look too good. They don't want to be like pretty boys, you know? From all part of the look, you know? Is that it? You got to look like you don't care. Silver to thank you for smoking in Silver City where Chris Cooper played an adult brain governor where the powerful family in Rovellite Camp Pay Manager. All the previously mentioned films I recommend to recommend crash when you can fuse it with the Cronenberg sphator, how many hundred from the same name? What does that mean? A long time ago, we were first here, both of us, when we were hearing about the movie crash, that we already movie out called crash, which was a bad accept that never hunger gets naked. It's not the same movie. Now, is that the over city, the over-hungers? Remember, Gary Unger used to play for the Fred Redwein. Let's have a little hockey talk. I have to make those playoffs. No chance. No chance in their pants. I'll tell you, Steve, why I see you play in my team. And Stevie, something. Now Miguel said me, I really ugly pictures in several months ago said, there is your boy, Steven, why? Stick a little bit in it, you know? Anybody can take a bad picture, you know? I saw him interviewed on that game. Again, that they blew it lost in the shoot out to an adjunct of it, that they lost four, three at the macarina. 1174 votes on the pool were doing fine on there, fallen as smoking to the man, are they smoking at or what? And I'm taking this thing, so I can't do it the whole time, because then if I have to reach up and hit the cue, I can't hit the button. WCWM, hello. That hockey talk you. WCWM, hello. Hello, whiz. Who are you calling? It's called me. How big are you, friend? You guys just called me here. You know, we called you there, right? I'm not, I'm not going to do all these drugs, man. Oh man, is this a piece of joy? Yeah. WCWM, hello. That is a nail for our user. Okay, sir. I hate the body. I've listened to you last week, I think it was Josh, it was still in and for George. Yeah. And you guys were both talking about having an omelette in a morning, but did you find something greater or something than a couple of, make comments with it or the GCU or what? Well, what does that mean? It's called eggs. Do you ever hear those things? Yeah, I know. I mean, but if you ever tried to clip one over, it's always a... I don't know, Fitterlobe, I'm making them in the GT Express Mon. What's that called? GT Express Rubelet. Okay. You're putting your batter in there and you put in your sausages and your cheese and whatever else you like in your omelette, your veggies, whatever you like. You're supposed to live in a cook-suit about three or four minutes, and you've got a nice omelette, Mon. Super. Thank you very much. GT Express, you'll love it. Thank you. We're working. Thanks. And turn out a big good question. And here you thought he was just a fun and made in here. Huh? Yeah, I did. That it calls up about omelettes and you thought he's just egging you on, man. Oh, wow. Hey, listen, I can come up with some pretty bad garbage too, man. You think these people are the only ones? I can come up with good material, but if you want bad, I have an omelette to fly. Make no mistake about it. I got corn and has not even been grown yet. Let me click that thing because it seems to me that everyone's in a while. Could just be my imagination, my paranoia, 1176. That's not bad. We'll get 13 every easy today, easy on a Monday, no less. And like an heaven, I told you, oh, look at this. Immacly. Who's sending all this stuff in? Thank you very much. Oh, we're doing it. Kill some really good time. Two men were arrested Friday after deputies discovered they were allegedly running into legal radio station from their home. Oh, station without a license kind of like us. Julian Pierre, 47 in Jackson, Delva, 40, were caught after investigation by the FCC and the Coyote County Sheriff's Orifice. The Haitian radio station was operating at 100.5 FM. Deputies not only heard the station on the radio, but they used a meter to track down the signal, was coming from a house at 403 163 Southeast in immacly. The station was operating with a license from the FCC. The police just got the well. And when I'm up in Boca, taking a slap in all the women would paint their lips around the pool. I listened to the Neal Rogers one or two of them. I mean, I listened to the Neal Rogers iron balance one or two hours. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Among folk music greatest names are Peter Paul and Mary, but before Mary, there was bombs. And now, case mail records has discovered the lost tapes of Peter Paul and Marley. Here's your chance to own a piece of musical history that didn't change the world, but might have if someone had ever actually heard it. Peter Paul and Marley. Peter Paul and Marley. Every song strikes a chord. Every song warms the heart. And every song contains the words, jaw and iri. And the lyrics are so sweet. Get to your music store soon and experience Peter Paul and Marley. Before it all goes up in smoke. One, one, five, six. You got some good news in Bad News. The good news is we got our website back here. The Bad News is that we were down long enough that the cost is a whole bunch of votes. And now we're not going to make the 13 hundred. I don't think we could. Well, it's possible. Don't start caring. No. I didn't care in the first place. I never said I cared. 1190's people send a poll. We, uh, to get to 13. We need 107 in 59 minutes. I mean, that's doable. If you ought to really lean on it. You know, if they really went nuts, I just don't see that happen in today. And that's the way this whole thing has been going. I mean, it could be wrong. What do you think? I don't know what it's about to say. It's 50 votes easy. I would think. We'd be in the ballgame. We'd be in the park. Right now, keep in fact. I'm not even sure if it's, uh, I think it is. See, it's still stuck there at 1193. Come on, Eric. What's going on there? I think Garrett's got his fingers stuck in the, uh, in the unit there. What he said was the provider of our provider was having problems. Yes. And so he, while we were talking, he's going to come back up again. But he says he can't guarantee. He's going to say that it's going to stay up. Well, what guy can guarantee it's going to stay up? And maybe the provider of the provider of the provider. Yeah, that might be a, that might be the problem. Who swallowed us by the tickled insider? W to Q a M, hello. Yeah, I'll let's go, Neil. How big are you for? Can I get on with Neil? You're on with him right now, sir. Uh, okay. I want you, Neil. I have a line on who hit, suddenly and who they hit back. They hit for a zini. Yeah. Okay. Farzini kills, son. Don't you remember he said the collar of that little, who approached you to tell you what Farzini? It was by zini. It was by zini. Yeah. There's a plane waiting for you. Thank you, Neil. Right. Okay. Plain waiting for you going to take you to Vegas, Carl. Well, that's your punishment. You're out of the family business. Oh, hi, uh, commenza. Hi, Carl. I still can't believe you. I, I, I just, hey, what do you, what do you, what do you, what do you, even if you met a new gentleman today, post a scenario I would be a few weeks later. You know, there's a serious report? Oh, can't agree. Get another comment, old man. I will report the program you will tell about family business life. He costs dozens of moments, and sales, but maybe they'll buy a delivery machine. Things. They can't be said to know. Number one is coming. Actually it is getting late at night in. Forget it. No problem at around 10 In非常. Post. It plays. Well, you don't hear the blessings. to be a 13 numbered over his dead fat body said, 1198. They're trickling in. You won't see if this ought to be as can do it. WQAN, hello. Hi. Yes, sir. Oh, six, not a verb. Yeah. WQAN, hello. Thank you for calling the false death from lending the vision of country. You're welcome. WQAN, hello. Not there. QAN, hello. I knew I was at the supermarket the other day and guess what they had, fish food, light. Have you heard about that? No. Very fat free. And? No, just like you liked the notes and you're into that. Yeah, right. This old bad bed of knees here, a lot more about ice cream. Let's talk about ice cream. Let's talk about that cold stone creamer stuff. Man, I love that. Nice to meet you all. I've driven stuff together. That would put me in a grave in about, oh, I'd say three, four weeks easy. Is that what a cold stone creamer? Sublet that. 560, 50560, how are we doing on here? We at least got over the 1200 hump. This is, this is, that was inappropriate that that thing happened. 1200 even. 1200 even. Saving. WQAN, hello. Team Jones, hello. WQAN, hello. I need team Jones. QAN, yes. I knew. Yeah. How are you, way? Good. And. Nothing. WQAN, hello. WQAN, hello. That's first time. WQAN, hello. You got 300 of DVD and it's great. WQAN, hello. WQAN, hello. And finally, QAN, hello. Oh, wow. WQAN, hello. Wonderful program. Ha ha ha ha ha. Remember how Linda Blair's head turns around when she's falling back down the stairs back where you know. Or no. We see where she turns her head around in the bed. Right, that's what I would like to do to him. I would like to have somebody like put his ass in a vice and take like a. A gigantic pliers and just put it around his head and just twist it around and my, my very couple would say round and round like that, you know. Just keep twisting that baby around around. Just like a twist off cap on a bottle, you know. And just twisted to, are you sp- That. Now let me take a look and see if I think that this is doable or not. Because I'm not going to push forward if we can do it 12 or three. Well, it's like a little chunk there, you know, 12 or three. So that's something I get all proud and excited about. 12 or four, see what I mean? Uh-huh. A lot of people probably got discouraged when they went on there before. First we've had two dropouts on the on the streaming 12 or five. At this rate, we'll get to 13 or not. How much we're going to have to go over? Tell the guys who do the mad dog show that we're going to have to run over by 20 minutes. Because we got a very important interview. And because we got to get up to a 13 on reverse. That guy that called me, he was just great. Who's perfect? Must be Kenny's boyfriend. You're not a team player, Neil. Otherwise you would let them go over what, at very important interview they had with that black comedian. Right. Right. That would have been very, very nice. Two teenage girls faced charges after woman suffered a stroke. Listen to their horror movie style, prank phone call, police said. This is an all good Tennessee. I guess it is an all good. Two 13 year old girls were girls were in juvenile court last Tuesday for describing a scene similar to the horror film series, the saw on Beverly Dixon cell phone. I want to play a game. You need to decide if life is worth living for the marks third message said according to police report. Dixon was taken the hospital after listening to message to following day. Talk about a little bit over emotional. The message said that a friend was trapped inside the house with a key and toxic gas with film and 10 minutes. It will kill you in a half a minute so you decide it's your game. You unlivered die the message threatened. So frightened by the message, Dixon still has trouble sleeping through the night or husband told WTVF a Nashville. Police got a subpoena and traced the call to the girls who lived in Winchester. They were charged with phone harassment and bond was said at two grand eight. Phone harassment. How do you like that? I don't know. One on you. Phone harassment. What could that possibly be? And I'd jerk that wasted all the quizzes time last week that pretend everybody's an insider. Man, he works for a cell phone thing or some crap like that. Yeah. I have never heard such swirl. 1210. That was WCAU and Philadelphia. 1210. It used to be CBS for whatever it's worth a minute, it's time for the news. 1212. See how this stuff coming like in little shocks. You get the feeling. You get a little bit of a feeling. You know, I mean, not a big feeling, not a monstrous extraordinary feeling, but just like a little inkling would be an inkling. Like Jimmy Duradi would say, ink a ink a do. I don't think you say ink anymore. Ink a stink a do. Yeah. But they're coming in. We need 88 votes and 52 minutes. That is doable. See in my book. In the New York book, you've heard of the good book for 14. See 86 votes, 50 minutes. It's a doer. You don't think? I tried it too. We'll do it. You'll see. You have a little faith. WCAU and Hello. So, like you're a struggling. WCAU and Hello. WCAU and Hello. Yeah. Yeah. What? What? WCAU and Hello. Mama. Mama. WCAU and Hello. Mama. Mama. Mama. Mama. Mama. Mama. Mama. Mama. Mama. the whole dialogue from Godfather would be good. Have the audience, you know, we give my the scripts. That's right. Well, post the scripts somewhere. I mean, I'm sure it already. Yeah. It was a good. We could post the script. Everybody take a character. The entire script from the script, the script from the Godfather. And then everybody could call it an erito line or two or whatever. And then we'd chat right off to the whole verse. If you don't read it, I'll do. I'll be a Michael. Chris could be fat colonized. Yeah. Now that's bad. Fat Clemenza. Look, a brush is sleepish with the fishes. I still, I just can't get over that. I'm just amazed. And don't forget. Daddy, Dante, we'll never get that over you. I don't get how many. Take all, get any walk, grease ball, come by, come out on a one word. I'm German Irish. Well, let me tell you something, my craft Nick, friend. I'm going to make so much trouble for you. You all know what it was. Come a lawyer. I have that threat. I know almost every big lawyer in New York, who'd I hell a you. This is the moment you've traded the most. You're on the way without any close. You lived in your shirt to show your chest. You're missing nothing for Ryan's secret. And they might take you off the shelf. Some new ones came out, they're all disgusting. You open your mouth, but it isn't the same. You say those phoneers on that beat, that you're on your knees. I run it, baby, and think it's good because you're the shawl. You're trying to get some new things. You show me how to skin. We're planning to see it with that lady again. You made a mistake, you can't explain why. You got it once again, I need you at the time. You took some new things, you can't run your mind. What next for sure, you got every shine. You took some new things. Oh my God. You took some new things. Yeah, pick this. 16 at 560WQ, I'm mad, I'm up at 2 o'clock. We got the power hour, handkerchief, and the power hour, handkerchief, and the four to five. Humpers so old five to seven. After that, you don't want to know about it. Believe me, trust me. I'm doing your favor. All right. WQAM, hello. They shot Johnny on the causeway. He's dead. Very weak, very weak readings, sir. If you're going to be part of our godfather ensemble, may you have to do a little more emoting the mad. A little bit too dispassionate, a little bit too stoic for me, you know what I mean? 5605060, pound 560 in the Verizon singular, wireless line. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. Yep. WQAM, hello. Yeah. And whatever happens to a ruffle shemuka, the moment, of course, broadcast a channel six that jumped off the trampoline and tried to throw the fast to ball and broke his arm. I'll fly high school in Miami. Are you doing the same drugs as the other guy? What are you talking about? Whatever happened to him. Roman Shemuka, get a little live pal. Get a life. Give ball on a trampoline. In fact, if you break your neck, send us a telegram. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. Yeah, this is Kim Bo Keper. Too much personal. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. Hello, me. I'm from Sicily. Mm-hmm. Yale. Hello, me. I'm from Sicily. The other one, yeah. What would he mean to the other ones? The other reference shows. This is boyfriend. Well, there's two reference shows, is this? Yeah. All this time, I thought it was a tataglia. WQAM, hello. No, for food and dog. WQAM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. It's the one, two hour for God's sake. Yeah. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil, that was quick. Anyway, I don't know if you ever watched this Sunday morning news things like with George Steph on top of a TV. Yeah, I have to be a crazy person watching our review. Absolutely not. Anyway, I was watching yesterday and they had a guy from the past on their shut table. Yeah? You know, he was actually saying that Bush could be in speech. Wow, yeah. He's a Republican, so. Yeah. The guy went to the front and I'm an independent. If it was, he's not a right-wing Christian, that's, you know what? If it's a piece of that, I can see myself vote for him. Well, guess why, he's not going to get the enomination, so I would never write a vote in the form. Anyway, Neil, you're savage. Okay, sir. Yeah. WQAM, hello. QAM. So come to the job on where we take our world's fresh every day. And the embers, they cut like butter. I'm going to be there today. Yellowfin tuna sandwich. Characters. Real chicken sandwich. Yeah. Thanks, Kim. WQAM, hello. Al Gore invented the internet and then, uh, bow green and then it lost Vegas. Yeah. And, you know, that's it. Thank you very much, thank you. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Uh, whatever happened at Cambro Marshall, the Black Sports Catcher from No Thin News who made the law full load of money but it's all thrown for rock. WQAM, hello. First, for a tiny thing today... First of all, Cambro Marshall wasn't on Channel 10, He was on Channel something else but definitely not Channel 10. How do you like that, chalk? These cranks man. You are the worst, the absolute worst. They love the environment, man. Because they love their sausage. The worst. 1236, how much have we got? 1239, oh boy, oh baby, 61 votes in 40 minutes. That should be an old trainer man. That should be easy piece of cake as Michael would say. Is that what most Diabetics are doing? Eat and cake. Cake. 560, 505, 60, conv 560. Hey, the pain is almost over. We only got 40 minutes. I think tomorrow might be, I don't know. I could do it with this last 40 minutes. Do what? Oh, say some things that I've been holding back? Well, don't hold back. Not having to do with the station or anything like that, even with the show so much. Just having to do with life in general. I don't know. What do you think? Yeah, I think you should let it all hang out. WDQ, you are a M. Hello. Yeah, I was it. Who you are? A quarter speaking. Speaking. So how is it that one? I never called show before, but he was worn and hanging up. I'm just kind of curious. We're not, we're a bit, I have heard of you. I like the fact that you're a gambler. I told you how do you, you know, where did you look for it? When you read a race before me. You read really mean first of all, I read a racing form. Yeah. I'm going to call up Hank, okay, talk about the racing form you idiot. What is it? I look for when I read a racing form. He likes me because I'm a gambler. Go back to New York. Danny has choice. Three, four, and six. And the third, from there. The third race is filled with a park. Okay, you the generative. There's one thing I can't say that it's gambling. Had a good day with my mom. We're not really a big day, but good enough. Good enough for run a hell right out of there. Think if they can be 50 cent, I'll take it in the run out before they can get it back. Yeah, I'm from New York. I like to fact you're a gambler. Yeah. WQ, I am, hello. And Neil. Yes. I just want to say you're calling us a drummer, the Bill O'Reilly. Yeah, that's the same line. Yeah, I'd rather You recklessly do the O'Reilly, okay, one, that's my thing. WQ, I am, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yeah. Some words of advice for WQ, I am. Yes. This is the right call. This is the same guy to call before about me being a team player. Yeah, the same guy. Go ahead. I'm a fagious pay off his contract. Are you the same guy? Mm-hmm. One of these pay off his contract. My king tries to the questions, sir. Are you, have you got hearing aids or something? Why can't you answer the question? Sure it is, but you didn't let me get it out of here. I didn't let you finish because you are a smuck. Why did they just let you pay off the contract? And like can you go to a set of hours? That would be good. Then we can have one shares for seven hours instead of for three. And then we can play all those good bits. And then everybody can understand and probably just as well. And give a big kiss to Joel Feinberg while I try to add it. Put a suggestion, Ojo and Provacitor. Is there any doubt about that? No, no. Because nobody, even, I'm going to say no normal person. There's really no such thing as normal. It's first time I'm going to show. But no, no even somewhat rational person. It's going to call back a second time. They give me a song and a dance that you're still out there. You're still there suffering the pain, the pain and spain, you smuck. WQA and hello. WQA and hello. What in the god name? Did you one call for this? WQA and hello. Yes sir. Something you could have had your phone was looked later. The F-Cat testing the day of the unit. Kids nowadays are the set up to fail. Yeah, that's a boring. WQA and hello. Good work. WQA and hello. What would Don call you, Ojo? That would you got asked yourself. Kill somebody. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. See the thing that I'm laughing at is the fact that these guys, they really think they got material. That's the best part. They really believe it. And they're hard to hear. It's some genius once said. That's one of my very least favorite. Hard to hear. Where exactly is that? I don't know. Somewhere between your screen and your liver, I would imagine. 1245 at a point. What do you think? 55 votes in 36 minutes. It's definitely doable in spite of our, and we do this with a handy crab. 1246, we need 54 votes in 36 minutes because we had a 50 or 20 minute loader when our website was like, it was illin. It was dead. Kind like ourselves department did. All of there. They're sure pump it a lot of cash through there. Let me take that. They're pumping through the cash. I wonder if I checked showed up today or not. I still don't have any email. I'm still waiting for a message from Garcia. I'm still waiting for something. We importate about that, baby. I find out if they're checking. Because no checking, no taking no, uh, taking no up and no washing, no show. It's a thing. Oh, you're going to be like this. Isner. Mr. Mouse. What the hell are you doing to me? What do you mean, sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? Well, sir, we're just starting locations. Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs. You are killing me. Oh, but sir, look what we've done with New York City Times Square. Point out. Point out. I can see. Hang on. Rain it. Rain it. Turn off the vacuum plan and rain us. Get the blue burn all the hair. Okay, boss. I, sir. But sir, look what we've done with Midtown Manhattan. Forty second treat is incredible. I want publicly I support it. That, but you took all the porn away. You're telling me. I'm going through Gavalscom, like kids. We're just scouting areas calm down. We're going to be butt-munch. Don't tell me to calm down. We've got lucky with weed low-in-stage. 128 million dollars. No, you're trying to rule in the whole network. We're kind of programming on you running. Hang on a minute. The big dude. Dream us. Yeah, bro. There's a blue burn crap all over your shoulder. It's way in your cell phone for heaven's sake. And can't offer what you play this. Look at you, folks. Good. God. Sir, the network is fine. Why couldn't you come up with America, Idol? Good God, you're still running James Bob movie. There's six, they hear us all. Why don't you just put steam butt-willy on and be done with it? Please, though, it make a couple of damn dollars. Well, the movie division's fine. You mentioned we were when stitching now we had the new M.N.I. Chumman movie coming out late on the summer. Oh, I got signs. What the hell is that name? Stop sign yielded sign. You got a start swing in some of these titles past me. Please. Reemers. Reemers. Hit him. I know you can't hear me. Reemers. You're still running a fucking square. You don't know the run for that. Yeah, I hear Reemers and take that blue burn crap. All right. I sir. Yes sir. I'd be very careful the next time I started my car. Why were you? What do you mean? I've got done with him. I've done with the sir. I'll put him in your job. But sir. Here. Can't hear about the. They're not putting Reemers in there. I'd be like to be president of Disney Reemers. Oh, man. What a wonderful day. Get out of here. You're not back. 132 at 5.60. 172 at 5.60. We are on a way and then all of a sudden this thing keeps freezing baby. Five year old prices right. Keeps freezing. 12.60. We need 40 votes in 20 minutes. Should be doable. Should be a piece of cake for us. 61. See there. There's one. There goes another one. And that's it. They're trickling in by the ones. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. QAM. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. WQAM. WQAM Amazing. HEOD mentioned board will be the leader in that guy Bobbi owned. And basically please access to Episode-Lion WQAM Behind silver medal. Almondon and Mrd to Be accountable WCW They appear to be normal people. We still have 1261 by the way, we're not going to make 13. There was something very strange going on on this website again. I mean, I can see it. I can see the poll. And I'm 1262. See, there's another one. 38 votes, 27 minutes. It's very doable. But I'm very dubious. In fact, I'm dubious about the whole world today. And I just got a bug crawled into me. Really? Where to crawl? Back to them. W2AM Hello. Why have you touched your mouth? W2AM Hello. W2AM Hello. W2AM Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Whatever happened to Anne-Auskweet, a Cuban newscaster from Channel 2. Yeah, right. The one that bounced up and on, the trampoline with the Camerole Martian, right? 560, 50, 50. 560. She loved with, he said, no, they've decided that. Is what happened. W2AM Hello. The run. There's like BFF. W2AM Hello. Not good. Not good, man. Very weak. Just like the pool thing. 1262, let me click it. Take a look. 1270. Now that I see there was a nice chunk. See what I mean? You've got to see a nice chunk? Yeah. Just this morning. W2AM Hello. W2AM Hello. Yeah. W2AM Hello. You're going to be okay. W2AM Hello. Hello. Yes. How do you like that? A lady not. W2AM. Probably somebody handed her a phone. QAM Hello. Yes. Neil. We're not used to drop down on 95. And we're from the food and grapes. It used to put. Oh, yeah, it's right. W2AM Hello. Yes. Tell me. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Why did this guy manage to have a show? Because he's great. That's why. That's why he's got to show. Because he's great. He is the real rock. Deal. No punches, poode. W2AM Hello. AM. Just one, let you know. You're not a liar. I said, I've met Josh Friedman about two weeks ago. And I think you underestimate his size of a man. It's huge, won't it? Yeah. Well, I just don't inhale, man. Oh, just a thought of it. W2AM Hello. QAM. Yeah. What's your number friend? Yes, sir. The schooldom in area area. W2AM Hello. I'm not dinner with Chris Bush the other day. W2AM Hello. Maybe he can alone for Susan Gray would be good. QAM. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Hey, I hate talking about Barack Obama sometimes. And I was wondering, do you really think he could win? Yes. Okay. Thank you. You're welcome. W2AM Hello. What's the obsession with hokey? W2AM Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay. Hey, there's a lot of gay holes out there. Yeah. Thank you. W2AM Hello. He's a big. W2AM Hello. Yeah. Hello. Yeah. Speaking. Oh, okay. I wanted to just let you know that your show would be a lot more interesting. If you put on Sherman on. W2AM Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Yeah. I'm not even going to go through that anymore. It's not even worth wasting the effort. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah. I'm your squeamery, the rich guy. Okay. Good. I'm really, she married a kid. Kid's always a special today. Yeah. I'm right. W2AM Hello. W2AM Hello. W2AM Hello. QAM Hello. Neil. I got a call on the pick man. You got a few years left. You got the same looking guys you're interested in. What you changed those of right? You get some dark meat, some back staining meat, something. Kid. Kept. W2AM Hello. Neil, I just want to wish you and George a good vacation. I'm going next week as well. And, like I said, just want to wait. I'll be going to George. And, uh, well, that'll be special. Oh, yeah. And, I'm, uh, and the Czechs are clearing. I'm trying to enjoy life and in closing. And that's what it's about. It's the fish. Okay. Great. I've sat down to hear that. Now, how we do it over here? All we're going to do, I think, is that 1265 is that what that says it's 1285? 1285? Well, in that case, we got it. Licked. I don't think I can say that. I'm going to be 99. What is the worst threat to our children? George W. Bush, 1991. Religion, 273. The federal death at the, uh, they're going to hear it. 25. The crap on TV, 153. The crap there parents fed them. One 12, all that's swill, all those lies. Drugs and booze, 98. The lies there parents have tell them. How come that's on their twice? I don't know. Did I, it was that way before. Did I just, uh, the ones who's the crap there parents feed them. And the other lies there parents feed them. Crap and lies, well, whatever. Maybe there's a little will swap over 85. Terrorism 33. I hate this poll only 28, 2,1%. And P. Merital 6 at 11. 0.8% P. Merital 6. W. Q. A. M. Hello. Hello. W. Q. A. M. Hello. Hey, hey, don't look there. The other good vacation. Did you enjoy it? Yes. Is George going to carry your luggage for you? Yeah. Thank you. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. I need a little answer to question on your website. You have a archive on there? Yeah. Oh, great. Does that really want to look because there's, uh, the one that's, the two hours. Still is the funny stuff. Great call. Hello? Woo. What did I tell you, man? They are a panic. They are a stream. I'm going to stream. You know something. Maybe when we come back to last segment. I, you should just hear me from doing it. Do. Because I'm going to say things that I'm going to regret. Well, about what? About everything in this engine. Well, about the whole, um, I don't know. Most of the last four or five months. Neil, I mean, well, I'm not going to discourage you. Well, you should. All right. Don't. Well, no. You should just go. Ha. 1292 and a pool. We got 1300 in the back. Yeah. Send along. That's the cashier. Here's a line. I was in front of you, dear. If you're young, you lose a got the jammer red blues. Oh, my head. Today was a hell of a by-word. Yeah, I'm leaving here. Why do you find out those traps? I got the tab or that blue. 13 every baby we did it. Oh. Okay, good tip. From me, my friend. If you're alive, it's busy. Between the virtual and the best fake man. You'll get the tab or that blue. All right, 145, it's 560, WKM. So don't let me forget tomorrow morning before the show. When we can fight related about 821, I would have to drag your ass in there. Right. Well, I'm going to lay this out for you. And then you can be really advisor. I don't want to bird it out now. Okay. Well, I don't want to do until I discuss it with you. Okay. Right in town. Well, it's just one of those things. When you get to a certain one, you get to the crossroads in life. There are certain things that you examine. And you look at over here and you look over there. Yeah. Think of converting to Islam. No, I'm converting to, I'm sick and maybe finding a life again. We'll be there. 13 every vote's even on the floor. I'm so honored for this audience. I came through for his big time. Tussies phenomenal calls today, man. What else could you find this? Am I right? Right. Don't want me to forget tomorrow. Now that's moving for time today. I wrote it down. Oh. WKM. Hello. Oh, Neil? Yes, sir. Couple of things. First of all, that first team business morning was hilarious. And second of all, the first team wanted to let you go first team with you. Talk in the back. Oh, the one of the depot and get'll be back in the fourth. Okay. And either of you want to roam. Of course. No, what was that? I'll get Neil the DVD collection. Best thing ever made. Okay. I did. Did you? What do you think of the finale last night? I cried and cried and cried. Real. All right. About good. It's things that they can't pull it. Yeah. Well, it was too expensive. What do you want? I know. It's hard to see good TV. It's good. They're going to end them. Just depend on that. Yeah. Sure. That's nice. Okay. Thanks. George likes wrong because he has never been there. I've been there about 50 times. I wasn't going to go to about ancient Rome. You haven't been to ancient Rome. Sure. I have. I'm ancient. Well, 13. 13, 26 on the pool. Don't only do that tomorrow, by the way. It'll be a bad idea. Okay. Don't sit down. Just say, don't. Don't do that. You're regret it. You know what I'm talking about. Yeah, I kind of. Well, it's not a good idea. Yeah, don't. Why? Don't do it. It is a good idea. But anyway, WAM Hello. It is a good idea. But anyway. WAM Hello. WAM Hello. WAM Hello. We've got six minutes. You think they can do it? WAM Hello. WAM Hello. Thank you for taking our call. We're not here. Yeah, okay. Good. Thank God for that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I mean, I get paid to do this. That's the amazing part. A lot of money to do this for four hours. And some of these people are going to be in the same place. I'm going to do this for four hours. And some of these people are going to be in the same place. I'm going to do this for four hours. And some of these people are trying to tell the world, I have no luck. We already know that. And it's just, it's just their entire life. This is it. This is the beginning. This is the end, hopefully. And everything in between. This is the sum of their existence. Wow. It is amazing. It's scary. QAM Hello. I wish I could quit you. WQAM Hello. Yeah. That's how I feel. QAM Hello. Hello. 1300. What are you doing? WQAM Hello. Bob Green. WQAM Hello. Bring back the dean. WQAM Hello. God, Sherman. I'm fucked. Ha ha ha. Maybe that's what happened, am I? You sure got a little something in him lately. That brought. I mean, you know the voice. Yes, you had several encounters. Just so, just voice. The toilet of the voice knows there. Oh my god. You have a show of me. A lot more entertaining. If you put down, sure what on the air. I think it's a lot to argue. I saw it. I got it. And take the bitch with you too. I'll just take it with you. WQAM Hello. There's a little clue. I did not have to. WQAM Hello. Yeah. When did the comedy team become a vocalist? WQAM. WQAM. Oh. WQAM Hello. Hey, any idea? Okay. You call it really spectacular. You know that? No, no, no, no. I'm glad you're clear. I can't be enjoying them. Put it in the light. Hey. That was special. All right. That was the epitome of what it's all about. That was exactly what it's all about. I'm going to be one of them. Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo. Like that. Well, why don't you run? Go ahead. Have a good time. Not yourself out. Like I always tell everybody enjoy life. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. I'm glad for my you at least. WQAM Hello. Yes, he'll do me a favor. Put my bow down for religion. Because the only computer I'm close to is just dumb thing in my car. You're computing car? I have a computer that runs my car. Oh, gotcha. Okay, have a great day. Okay. 1307. She's going to have computer runs a car. Oh, good. It could only help. WQAM Hello. Hello, me. Yes. I think they saw the election. Those bastards. WQAM Hello. Me. Yes. Is a tower demon officially not running mail for the presidency? That is correct. Okay. Why is that? Is he just not getting enough funding? He never was running this time. He's not. He's not a candidate. He's never used the chairman of the party. He's not running. Well, I hope a Barack Obama wins and we can have a big party. Yeah. Ha ha ha. Oh, man. You talk about need a little bit of work. Woo. That was we party. Yeah. Work on a pal. I'm sure he is. WQAM Hello. Got a computer from my vibrator. WQAM Hello. Got a computer from my vibrator. WQAM Hello. And believe that, I kind of have a real conversation. WQAM Hello. Yeah. Call for human resources. Yeah. You got it. WQAM Hello. We want the lightning round. We want the lightning round. WQAM Hello. And my dog, dog Sherman's girlfriend, too, that whole. W. Ha ha ha. Oh, four baby. I'm talking about the dog. QAM Hello. Yes. Run. No. WQAM Hello. Hello. Yes. Hi. I would like to know who did more navigation community. Don't keep me ready. I'll tell you. WQAM Hello. Hey. My end word. New. Yeah. Any. Any. Any. Any. Any. WQAM Hello. I want the Gilbert once at 2RW. WQAM Hello. I think George walkin down Wilton, Marble of Arts at that. We have that. I probably run out of seven in the dinner with Paul Kestern over to Seguerass, too, no doubt. Remember that, don't you? We were having a chance. That's right. It's day to day. If I ever tell. I find six o'clock. WQAM. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, go to hell to well, better off every day of that yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Mhm, Mhm, Yeah, Where? Alright? I'm gonna fall down the round around Yeah! Hey, put that out Oh, look at it Look at your hands, hop on it Oh, look at it What a pervert Come on, come to the world Here, the honderland I'm gonna fall down the round around Bye, bye, bye