You tell him she wants to one square for our movement and the course best best way to fight that battle is just don't ever pull again. I kind of pulled food that idea but nevertheless ten or one and five sixty wqm and say once they Georgia's out sick today all poor George what's his story do we know is he just to screw an awkward is what I heard this morning why I'm going from that's what I heard yeah yeah yeah who are you kidding Georgie okay we got a two and a half hour show he figures McGirlard comes you know slapping his way in there and you at least get some of the food then he was gonna have I got two pieces of chicken yeah well there you go that's not much no I we got to get after duff on that whole deal you guys are still getting screwed badly but with the charhove deal I mean I know there's sponsor on a morning show which really don't say it okay won't man of mine a good move this morning one or one because I'm going to go when a zillion dollars today would buy anybody believe that no when you got this gambling problem they all and you got a problem online nine two all that yeah that's what we got anyway let's say get to it this is a great story now we're did there somebody facts to say I guess the London oh go I found it you found it I found it I see senior citizens let it all hang out or G in London oh no a group of nine love hang we codgers old codgers were booted out of an old folks home after they tried to have an orgy in the recreation room well if it's supposed to be for recreation what's wrong with an orgy a you haven't identified oldsters who raids an age from 73 to 98 oh my god I had a fairly time the unauthorized after hours get together for weeks according to Melinda Heddeford spokesperson for the well-respected eavescarb-runners in home because you know everything in London is so up at the end uh so right and the proper and prim and full of crap constipated is the word they don't have to worry about that one square toilet paper routineer I'll constipated over there they somehow got in their heads to celebrate the 90th birthday of one of the women with kind of a sex party miss shelter for it said this may sound harmless or amusing to some people but scarborough's got a reputation of whole we can't tolerate that kind of conduct no hanky spanky the nursing home made a concerted effort to keep the bizarre story out of the press no details uh so details with difficulty come by says but according to British papers the let it all hang out party to place just after midnight last October 28 boy it sure took a long time with his story to leak out the three wrinkly Romeo's and six sagging selectresses now what's that song at the 12 days of Christmas when that day right line in there that up at him yeah how many geese a gagland and how many a six sagging set up for three wrinkly Romeo's gathered together in the recroom and stripped of the buff oh god they really set the scene in nursing home stand for what's that in the title of London tabloid they got their hands on candles which they lit when i was starting out i was trying to find about the candles i was real nervous what was going to follow that but they lit the candles thank god and they even put on music to create the mood the new geese are gay law went on for about 20 minutes before or lays heard rumbam music coming from the recation room and went to investigate rumbam music kind of like they were shocked to find old times crowded together in their birthday suits slathered in baby oil they hadn't gotten too far i guess it was taking some of the gyms in my after getting started says i see but they were all naked believe me it was the scariest thing i've seen in my life said the uh do fall well there you go i can only imagine so i went back to my death you know this were competing a thing which is yeah you see there's some people are uptight would get really upset about this i would don't give a crap i could care less because we have feeble minded people out there and because anybody in the world can edit a Wikipedia entry and put any crap they want on there and so they do and i don't carry i mean we got to let them in case you haven't noticed we have some lifeless people out there in the audience here no maybe one or two hundred thousand so anyway here's the new rangers uh entry on Wikipedia in the adi adi adi adi and he did this in several and then it says here rangers died April 30th 2007 in some due to a massive heart attack that's believed to have been caused by the host abuse of fish food ice cream earlier in his life all right well he's somebody good for that guy yeah for dead guys well i said the beginning i'm doing pretty damn good for a dead guy so there you go all a time post in this is a dead guy this is not a Wikipedia prank time post in a member of him and the thing that kills me not that's a generational thing because it says here in the a bio from the associated press he was uh played a coolest handyman or every man such a tv should not a handyman that was a pet was named uh tent Harrington the handyman on that awful sure was it one day at a time or one one was awful that comes oh with uh valiburnelli love ride love her she had a funny button nose but she was on she was super cute anyway he played a close every man on such a tv shows his new heart and morkin mending his daddy was 85 that's old enough i'm losy 84 post it was married to Suzanne close shut of the bob new heart sure i never knew that Jesus Christ used to be a hot number of hundred years ago so that's right died Monday night at his home after refillness of family representative tanner gifts and said yesterday the nature of zillus wasn't disclosed bob new heart member post in a versatile and veteran performer at a con hard individual see he really started the big tv thing when i don't think it even says so in the story here on the uh the Steve Allen show top post in the uh blue nine allows people date now time was always to go to guy new heart edition to being a good long time friend do hearts and the same release Tuesday post in run as a comic bummer began the mid fifties with the Steve Allen show like i just said i missed that after Allen plucked the character from the Broadway stage to join ensemble of eccentric who would conduct man in the street interviews with dot nats with the shaky mr morson louina was the slob account i'll come up on a gore in half away and post in character was so under by the tv cameras he couldn't remember who he was he wanted any playing the man who can't remember his name but when steve Allen moved to show from the earth ln 59 post in state behind hollywood's not for me right now my Broadway caddy told reporter at the time when he finally did move west day quickly began appearing variety show sitcoms and films his movie credits included cool turkey the happy hooker rabbit test and more recently christmas with a cranks they told in fifth and the princess diaries to royal engagement besides plushet post in survival by his children francesca french escala post in a Nashville to see jason post in relay and husson post in a poor larry or company is at husson post in that's a bad name no wonder he died when you give your kids bad names it's you the lord he's smart you he's smart you in smokey and spice your he gets really peo about that when people give stupid names that Hudson post in that a bad name was at just my imagination just you it was just my imagination i guess it was we had 1600 10 votes see this is the thing that really cracks me up about the audience i mean i could get aggravated just like that thing about um we're competing you but i could cure a lot of what i care some dead yeah and i'm still a raken i got news for it other than Elvis and uh maybe uh John Lennon how many other dead people are raken in the big box you know i'm saying James Brown oh some uh and Robert Brown biggie two pack how's James Brown there's body doing is it's still small and pretty good or what i'm sure it is i don't think he's melted when he was alive he's always sweating up a storm you know kind of like uh who's the other guy always had the hanky was it little Richard no who's the other guy always had urge to lose Jerry Lewis not Jerry Lennon Jerry Lennon Jerry Lennon Jerry Lennon's my ass Lui Armstrong what is wrong with you Jesus Christ Jerry Lennon's one that he ever have a hanky no idea Jerry Lewis well you know he had Lui Armstrong now it was Lui Armstrong and Jerry Lui Cedar there you go try to make an excuse for your feeble mind well i know he didn't do no Cedar cruise music so what would you know 16 hundred ten votes the planet making his day yesterday's poll really sucked i apologize for it all day long was a bad poll we still did 16 hundred and ten votes that's a pretty damn hefty total in today we got i think a pretty good poll when you agree the one about the omics hey yes i'm not saying great but it's certainly better than one yesterday we got only five eighty six and we're not going to get anywhere near a thousand because we're out here at twelve thirty so that that's the dilemma we got guys we can either stay on the air until we get to thousand votes on the poll or leave a twelve thirty am i getting paid by the vote no they're off the twelve thirty yeah i vote for leave a twelve thirty and we're gonna get all this in count here's yesterday's poll result and estimated nine hundred thousand four liberty and his driver roads with suspended licenses your response confiscate their vehicle three would seventy one throw their asses in jail three twenty four what do you expect from third world drivers to you five that sounds like a real ethnic shot to me Miguel i can't i can't figure out who they're talking about but it sounds like a shot third world i bet most of our here in south Florida two hundred thirty six votes for that just shoot him hundred fifty eight final in black monitor is seventy seven under a limperist i'm one of the seventy three uh-huh and revoked horizons permanently sixty six which draws uh-hang in a pretty soon and Glenn Garvin who writes his Harold blog all these people write blogs now Michael Mayo's got a blog and Glenn Garvin's got a blog and he's looking at a bunch of logs and he built his uh-law cabin how about a blog cabin that isn't something to work on let's all build a blog cabin and hope it doesn't get too windy and load a whole thing away so anyway Glenn Garvin writes a thing about Lou Dombs and Rick Sanchez and just kisses up to Ricky Tiki Sanchez i'll spary the pain not gonna read that because that'll make it pukyre got so just a lot of such a lot of stuff when i mean what's the story on that huh what is the story and it is Ricky Tiki Sanchez giving you some kind of like sexual favors or something what is that all about kissy kissy kissy kisses god almighty but then also then says Rick Shaw's replacement bad news for oldies fans uh-oh uh-oh do we walk to walk and we got about four thousand facts this year today and i really like that because it's a short show anyhow right and by the time we get through with that and messing with today's poll and before you know it'll be like 1215 we're not gonna be carrying a guess that apparently press conference are we we're not sure that maybe we'll do a picture in picture yeah that's a good idea let's have a split the screen on the lot of do a do it in stereo and your left speaker will be hearing the a pat Riley talking a lot of crap about the heat and about that car vision and on the right side to be hearing uh-oh brother base ball garbage yeah how the marlins do last night against the mess they want again all right ask me if i care no you love it no the fact they want a couple in a row means maybe maybe a couple people might not listen to they we won't get butriots so bad in the ratings today from a 1230 to whenever the game finally ends what happens after the game ends oh talk about getting butriots look at that after the game till seven it's guilty no however today he's in Louisville for the adurvey it's hurricane hotline at seven the beast date to ten and game night with Craig Mish from ten to nine till one and a morning all brother so like i said 1230 were shutting the station off wow oh back this week it's getting a vote on five six oh i've got this board thank you oh i told we're allowed to talk about sure i love it buddy you're high yeah i feel like i did fact on chase and i've hot sports please man feel the time sure well play toe is long ago hey look i got his jacks cracked wow we can't let them talk about man look at the size of that thing too that's a quite a dingo very harmless to got here oh hi Clarence what are you all i just want to touch it the jacks can i just touch it oh it's still one so crying god you think we'll ever break a one smells good too yep and if you look closely there's a slight yellowing around the size oh see this dude like somebody had one nutty buddy too many right so girls two bad at some of tats how are you going now for it to tell me you know this is an important this cop yeah maybe a week or no next to point in the book situation that has what is writing yeah those are like whatever radio something haha haha oh hey those ratings are coming out Friday morning it's in a clock the winner book oh man and what girls gonna be running all over the building hand in out stuff it'll be close one night to run around anymore we pull them out of Josh's office now oh yeah there's a lot of things getting pulled on his orifice but anyway so a Friday morning why it's in a clock right on the box we're gonna sit here and everybody's gonna be on pins and needles and pins and whatever in the winner respect month so speaking of radio you remember that go to oh it's so speaking of hockey like Roberto Longo mango Jerry save us got screwed last night that was one of the most pathetic I mean that was a goal maybe that was a goal by Daniel Breyer with 13 seconds left they should still be playing overtime so you're wearing your friends you should kiss the ground baby you should kiss whoever put the fix in on that piece of crap that was a goal I got this allowed I mean yeah even a blind man could see that but anyway let's talk it to hockey into tonight even a gal knows that when did you stop going to games long ago I used to see that once in a while but we're now you there to see the game we're there for promotional purposes both I had to be there for that so I might as well stay for again yeah well we have other people used to show up there but they didn't stay for the game I don't want mention no names anyway Bruce Kelly were replaced Richard Shaw's the morning man on magic may 14 who I'm getting to that okay Bruce Kelly when Shaw returns after more than 50 years on software radio as a matter of fact magic put out a press released it really frost my fan asked I'm sure Rick's not too happy about it either sorry Ricky Tickey here's the press releases says there's only one king of radio in South Florida magic's very old Rick Shaw all I see they got king and capital letters that's okay I'll take the queen and he can be the king how's that Rick when you sit on the throne side by each oh god keep the cap on no at any rate it says Bruce Kelly oh here get Kelly's name maybe permitted in South Florida snooze he worked at top 40 stations WMJX known as 96X which eventually worked in the power 96 and why when Howard still doing business is why when hundred all these years later from 1971 and nobody ever heard of Bruce Kelly that's the thing that amazed his me did you you're the radio maven you're the one to keep flipping that dial from one into the other a mfmp mvm no they were hurt of it's killing most recent job holds included the future of WMXJ magic he developed the all eighties music channel of xm7 radio and by the way isn't every freshness he's serious in xm most of them losing their ass and they're stock taking a big dive oh boy right now we told you now it was gonna really be a big yeah okay whatever you say magic is we made a soul days four meter with the past four years dropping 50s music all together instead of facing out 60s records in favor of the 70s so 50s and 60s are vanishing Kelly's arrival almost certainly presages a magic that plays only 70s and 80s material well we already the only already have a hundred those stations is that only play on big during the three hours when run on an inch and pull on on a year well different kind of 70s and 80s I see not as corny is what you're trying to say is that magic give place corny music well big plays rock classic rock right and magic does they these metal play yeah pop rock rock and pop goes the weasel I wouldn't be surprised that if this time next year it says here quinnacle and girl vanishing vision we can imagine that means lots of banner ramma and culture club records oh well the Beatles were fun ballerized and he says oh whatever that means okay said it's bad news what little P2 to hang it up for P2 so here's the press release from magic about the retirement party should I read this on the air is this open to the public or one go for it oh but I don't know I'm well they put it out as a press release so I guess so it's about real trials retirement party I wasn't invited I won't be there anyway it's a week from a Friday you think I'm coming down and my school on Rick 50 years baby we love here good guy you've been really good to be in the show and everything and all that stuff has any I don't know why because he says I do great radio something like that and he also says like that yeah this is from their website you could be this there's only one king of radio and stuff for to say the people of magic magic's very own Rick Shaw to any entire magic family Friday night meal 11th that's next Friday not this a week from Friday 7 11 PM at the 10 poms restaurant a golfing park raising in casino is we are a ricks of story and a recurrence celebrate his retirement and kisses cat I think that would be a nice thing to do Rick is hold that cat out said people like to pop you can kiss his ring and ricks can let you kiss his cat join us for a 60s and 70 style buffet dinner with soft drinks what what does that mean 60s and 70 style buffet dinner what what does that mean I don't know is that mean the food is very old christ McDonald's memories of Elvis live in concert dancing raffles a cash bar and so much more tickets 75 us each proceeds except the cash bar all benefit the magic children's fund the purchase tickets call 1877 650 550 one Monday 2 Friday like now 877 650 501 in some cases you may be asking the message if the securs clearly leave your name in a phone number it will be between two and seven p.m each week that's what they can get back to your property is possible you can also email your name phone numbers and how many tickets you required to how can one stop in what does that say says stop you don't want to say one stop you and imagine wm xj dot com or who's been on how to sell this bill says stop you and I'm up and the represent will contact you in 24 hours which have checked cash visa master card says we hope you're on a way south for a radio legend our friend rich off right in our mail of a nice call rookie ticket maybe 50 years hang it up and go have a wonderful time have a wild time and enjoy it before they stick your ass in the cap in the ground that's a way to do it meanwhile he's retiring i'm extending i just this week in most than 400 more years and why not because like i said before for a dead man i'm doing pretty damn good all that fish food and you know something there was a guy to call yesterday and i've very seldom you know very seldom the call is really piss me off you know because they're all mostly morons and i've said that for a hundred years and i know that i expect that and i'm very seldom disappointed but the guy to give me that sort of an insisting member Chris about this the sugar is not addictive and all of the time remember that you just have to make yourself not do it yeah well guess what i had a pita hog and i was after the show yesterday just an honor with him and that was my last that was my last sugar until the next time i'm serious it was just me listen to me month of me and i'm gonna report honestly every day and a month of me i'm going sugar free no crap do you think i can do it no my not because you can't now that's not a very judge is out sick today and the gallows there give me a bunch of crap i thought you're supposed to say you can do it that's what jord was that you can do it you're saying no you won't do it because you're weak and fat and old fag is that what you're thinking of probably you're all about that what prove me wrong then okay i'm gonna work on i never did get to our poll today we don't have time right now but we will have to the break hey take it slow we only got two hours and four minutes nothing counting you don't think i get what are you saying christ being the fat sloth i mean the guy that you are um my say you can do it you say what you can't so i can't do it we have some faith in you boy i got news where i got faith in both you because i'm leaving right now i can be with my my 1115 what is wrong with you that is bad well no of course i've got you know i haven't said very good or say x back but whatever well i was like a farewell but and i'm not hugging does yesterday and like oh man this is really good you know and then that was it today you'll have one for uh i won't have any because you won't it's wood by one zac you won't be there say what have any that's right i'm not gonna be having they don't have no ice cream there at least if they do i haven't found it and i don't want to find i'm not looking for it i'm looking for a good machine mine well just think you can get there an hour and a half early so you can leave an hour and a half early to go have your such a such a fat sloth it's terrible that's the way fat sloth think about food all the time eaten eaten eat it after long the uh the and i'm not gonna be a supporting at that my close friend Ricky put a really great you two but think i'm sorry you too thank you and well i a lot of our people have put a lot of really good ones under the one with a guy explaining the banana that is sensational it's worth a look yeah it's Ricky you're okay doesn't ok 1033 27 before 11 and 560 Kilbethi Marlon's free game show at 1230 Marlon's and the Metz in New York at 005. Now, here's a whole bunch of thanks as a team and I guess yesterday. Right. Third is out six today by the way. So what you George fans, see you. What does P of A mean? Prince of As? What does P of A of 14 years? What does that mean? Yeah, I saw that. I wasn't sure what I mean. P of A, open in the ass. I don't know what that means. So it's good morning. Frighting me fourth is Sean of Hollywood's birthday. That's Sean the fact that you know what the appoles who used to be are really main man and appoles who will Charlie be shoved him off to the side. He's still a good guy, Sean. Who do you possibly wish him a good birthday on one of your shows. Thank you. Okay. Don't let me forget again on Friday. I'll put that in my pile over here. We'll try to do it again on, you know, because like days Wednesday it's two days before the fact. I'll put that in my place Sean and get with it. Here's some other crap. I never got to the podium. Did I do it today's pool? Well, we only got less than two hours to go. You better start pushing me along man. Push it all man. Come on. So you don't think I can do the month of May. I mean, I already screwed up yesterday, but that was like him. That's a throw away. Yeah, that's your last one, right? Elpimera was a one more time. What? Just one more time. Just one more time. One more time. Each of the points. That was your last one, right? Eat this. Six hundred and seventy seven votes on the pool. Well, the last one until the next one, but that's not going to be in the month of May. If I had a little of a monthly omnis, I don't know how I'd ever get through a day without blank. I didn't think it's a pretty decent pool. Six hundred seventy seven votes are goal of seven hundred. That's a by game time. Well, I'm not going to set no high number today. Even Chris knows better than that. Don't you know better than we do in that. Cray, I was pretty impressed yesterday. We got over 1,300. Yeah, I was just, I don't know how that. It's something for me. Is that what it was? It's simple, simple, that if we just pathetic. Okay, anyway, if I had a little bit along the omnis, I don't know how to ever get through it. They would have looked at it like tricity is just knocking on. See, we should have taken that out of there. That doesn't belong. But don't take it out to work. We won't have any votes. 250, 6, 38% say without electricity. Could you do who would I just do? Do you hear that? I think I may die of a fish food fit. Maybe we'll compete you with just early. Yeah, maybe we'll compete you with precious. Maybe somebody didn't stick that in there. Maybe they knew something, although it was Tuesday. No, it was Monday I died. They said, actually we had a decent show on Monday. Believe me, there are many days you die when you're on the air in this town. Many a day. Rich Rock could tell you that. Electricity 250 sits after that. It's like small potatoes. A computer 82, I voted for that. How could you look at your computer? I couldn't do the show without a computer. I couldn't live my life without a computer. Cold beer 71. I am on and so what the FMI doing on a computer answering this pool of 57. Yeah, likely story 57. I'm as people we got to get out and I just went to 58. Right. Do you believe that? No. I'm as my ass. Give me a break. I am on and these people are TV 54. Poor 53. Refredgerator 27. A car 22. Casual closed 15. These are all the things the omniscient have where you use Do's Custon 12. A radio only nine. So Tom Thunove. A cell phone nine. An iPod 5. A sneakers 4. Omniscient where no sneakers? Well, CD player 3. DVD player 1. Fast food and a microwave so far. Got the big. Oh, none. How about a nukable fast food? Okay. I did need to talk about it. I was not that was not good. I mean, the food was good. I love Taco Bell was just not. I mean, two breeder supreme with no beans. That's a lot. So that's why I got to do this month like an emergency month in the month of May. No sugar. No picking out. Just maybe I'll just starve. Maybe I have like a litisly for a video. Do the curing carpenter dying and make doctor. Sanjay poop. Do we'll have you on CNN? You got to read it. You're going to read it. You're going to read it. You're going to read it. You're going to read it. You're going to read it. You're going to read it. You're going to read it. You're going to read it. And then my right about there. The point of living. What is the point of living if you can't have great sex and great food? I'll read what else is there. Tell me what else there is. Great friends. Yeah. Great friends. I don't know. And then go ahead and have great meals with. Right? Right? Yeah. Here are your friends. You don't need friends? No. Yeah. Okay. I'll write. Anyway, getting back to these facts. Now let's get back to that pool. I don't know. What's our goal? 7, 10, 7, or 1? Thanks for taking my facts. Somebody who facts this and I guess yesterday. And thought I was going to get right on. First of all, I didn't receive it until this morning anyway. Because at the end of this is I'll go back to my desk and listen to your response. Oh, yeah. Thanks for taking my facts. Don't you think it would have been nice for the station to let you know why man is was at broken sound yesterday. Since it was actually for a good cause and not just the usual remote broadcast. The club hosted a fundraiser for a bone marrow foundation. A not-for-profit organization created to provide financial assistance education and support to bone marrow transplant patients and their families. If the purposes of the remote was to draw attention to this cause, why wouldn't the station want you to tell this as well? The lack of center. Here is the, I like this line though. And it doesn't really have to do with mad dog being a broken sounder. It, or anything specific, just in general, this particular sentence happens to be dead on or is the Brit say, spot on. Spot on as you've got to spot on your shirt. And I think I know what it is. The lack of synergy between the host of your station is a polling. That's so little. I think that's it. I think that's it. The lack of synergy between the host of your station is a polling. That is correct. But we're all at the, you know, like on the different radio stations, and something like that. It's always been that way. There's, you know, other than what Hank and I did that horrible crossover for, did I hate that. I mean, you all didn't say that that. I mean, I like that. Oh yeah. Oh you did not. No. No, see you didn't like it. Chris said didn't hear it. I used to hear it as a listener. And it was okay in the beginning, and then it kind of got to the point where it was just Neil talking. There we go. See, you just stuck it up. You mean, that's true. I did all the talking because the Humper didn't have the energy by that time of day. He got up at like 430 in a morning or whatever. And by the time we got to 10 o'clock, he was like, coughing and puffing and all like a big fad old man. Oops. I bet you if I click that thing, we might have 700 votes on there already. We got our goal. We can go home. 699 whoever votes 700 man Chris is going to send him a gazillion dollar. Play like men and they look like women. It's a boy. It's a boy out of the day. But the important message for men over 180. If you see it, strange things floating in your eyes or occasionally see the shadow people. Well then you may be suffering from a macaroni degeneration. But voice signs of macaroni degeneration, little white hood, newty looking lines on your nose. You say little, those are magic. Who you call in a fake ass? I said magic, but not a unique adherence. What do you know about that? I'll see here. That helped us for horses and hums. In case Matt and Ben has an encounter with other sport hulsers. And there is your hood of Demby and in the pink. So the screen had more excitement in the bedroom. I've eaten with white apron so many men's hulsers. Why sure. So they can see out of and better here. That's why I'm telling them about the macaroni degeneration. It's macaroni degeneration. Come and act sure. Go and strong. Matt, you're on the dinner right now. Watch it, jump. I don't like no mysterious word. It's now ficture up behind some place. We've got a lot to see. See? We can go dry then I'll just freak. Can't have an ice day mo. Mow it here. The mo. We'll eat you 10. 46 and 5. 6. You never give. This is kind of cute. This is plain ball thing. Speaking of the ice queen. I mean, we're near light. Don't read these long corny jokes. It's kind of cute when you agree. What? Did you read it? Why didn't send these facts as cursed? Yeah, it's not. I didn't read it. I'm just making sounds with my mouth. Okay. We figured out the P.A. See now you blew the end punch line. We'll be just shut up already. God. Bad influence. And don't be pushing me now. Listen, from now on till the first to do, and they'll be a Premier or day who knew. I want you to shut up about all that fatening food. I don't want to hear about it. I don't want to push me to go to Bastard Robbins and have it like Rocky Road with hot fudge and stuff like that. Just because you're fat, you want everybody else to be fat. Isn't that true? Huh? Bill and Hillary are at the N.C. season opener sitting in the first row with the Secret Service agents directly behind them. One of the Secret Service guys, Leans forward, whisper something to Bill. At first, Clinton stares at the guy looks at Hillary looks back at the agent and shakes his head. Then the agent says, Mr. President was unanimous request of the entire team from the owner down, down, down to the bat boy. Bill hesitates, but begins to change his mind when the agent tells him the fans would love it. Bill shrugs his shoulders and says, okay, if that's what the people want. With that Bill gets up to help Hillary buy her collar in the Secret Pants, lifts her up and tosses her right over the wall onto the field. She gets up kicking, swearing and screaming, I'll kill you, you mother bliped there and got a lot of bleep. The crowd goes absolutely wild, fans are jumping up and down, cheering, hooting and hoaring and high-fiving. Bill is bowing, smiling, waving to the crowd. He leans over to the agent and says, how about that? I would never believe how much everyone would enjoy that. Notice he is agent and go until he pale he asks, what's wrong? The agent replies, Mr. President, sir, I said they wanted you to throw up the first pitch. Thank you. Well, not you. Pitch with a capital P, you got to see the Fee and Frint otherwise, you know, you think in pitch, you know. Wow, we got to explain it for some slow people. Some people are a little bit tired of throw up the first pitch. The ice frint is my ass. Now we got over 700 votes. We made our goal and then seven. Every boat we get over 700, Chris gets a million dollars. So, if I'm hundred and twenty one votes, would you share with me or what? See the good people show my will. Let me just say, oh, you're a part. Oh, man. You just redeemed yourself. That was good. Good line. Now let's see, here's somebody says you were watching. I was talking about, I was making sounds with my mouth here, but I wore a shoulder flamenco from Hylia. Remember that, Chris? Yes, I do. And somebody answers the question, these factions look on time the way. This is dated Monday, April 30th. And these have been sitting around or something. Well, I don't know. I mean, you were getting facts from Georgia, say, weren't you? Yeah. Yeah, because it said there was a paper jam. And when I un-jam the paper that wasn't actually jam on it. It's like a dirty on it. Pushing all of them out. So, yeah, jam it. It says you were watching the heat ABC showed a shot of the flamenco is during the regional, the heat came. That's why I did see the flamenco. And it says, I thought the same thing sad flamenco is here. They were so lonely, you know. But now maybe if that thing goes through the legislature, which is unlikely, but maybe if it doesn't highly open to getting jabbered, it doesn't screw it up again. And they get those Tony Bologna slots over there. Or maybe if they get to think on a ballot in the day voters this time approved, they real slot machines. And they will be open to Hylia. Once upon a time, that was really a beautiful place. Once upon a time, before John Bernetti. And what he did to that place, anyway, it says, I know what happened. They forgot to write about, they forgot to write the U on the NFL draft card. So the pick was, again, instead of win. I see. And they got like a little thing through the G and win. I'm a human. Very weak, very desperate, desperate, desperate, desperate, desperate. What do you agree? That's a kind of desperate, stretching. Big time. Really, stretching in baby. Again, rhymes with quen. You know, maybe you said it was there. He said it's a Brady quen. He thought it was Brady again. Listen, just keep rationalizing yourself. All of you, dull fans out there. You ought to be used to it by now. You know, losing is becomes like a way of life. You start to enjoy it after a while. So T.R. and Norfolk, I mean, he said, sorry if somebody already corrected you. No, no, I hate to break the news to you. I never said Eddie Levert is dead. See? This is the audience out there. Everything I say is wrong. Everything they hear is whatever they want to hear. I said, Gerald Levert. Remember, I don't even know who Eddie Levert is. Am I right, Chris? No, can't be on the floor. No one's trio one jazz anymore either. Gerald Levert is dead. He did this, same as in the standing in the shadows and Ota. You maniacs, you lunatics. Crazy people. Oh, this is done Harper. He's still long. God, I love Ben Harper. Where is Gerald Levert? Oh, he's done reach out and I'll be there as well. He's not a couple of days. He's dead. Sorry if somebody already corrected you, but Eddie Levert lived. Well, who cares and who knows? He was in the O.J. It was a son Gerald who died and remember to die. Just like I said, Gerald Levert is dead. I mean, correct you, honey. You made him a stay. But I still nailed it. Even Ricky Tickey is like tip in his cap right now. Nice talk of Neil, I thank you, Rick. What a career, how 50 years of oldies. Moldies and that camp. That's smelly, still camp. You're good guy, Rick. I'm the son, hero. In this business, he's the king of South Florida. You should live so long, right? WDQA and hello. Rick, shawl line, hello. What's up with John Sp. Any Levert was in the O.J. It's in Geraldide, remember 2006. They didn't have a few songs together. The voice is almost identical. It says, Gerald positioning a bit more power. Gerald was his pocketer in his time as his father wasn't his. Have George check out the song, Castanova. He also sang the chorus on No Sex in the Champaign Room by Chris Rock. Also, that says, I thought the guy was being an ass for you. I competed as say that and we looked it up in the set. I quote from eating too much fish. You had a massive heart attack died Monday, April 30th. And here it is. Two days later, I'm still making sounds on my mouth. Bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup. So for a dead guy, I'm doing okay. Here's another fact. The last one of this pile. What? Were you a pilot? Did I wasn't there? Man. It's just I know you don't watch a comedy show. But in Greek A. E. Laci is, well, I sure love you. And we can. It's making it ten. He loves me. He's a big fan. I don't know what he believes that they think I just made that up. I'm not going to get on those that don't you remember when he used to have his people send me his new CD every time when we're coming with autographed person. We're going to be like a big kiss by long distance before my time. Is it really? He's making a TV. They'd be like, it says, here next Monday, he plays a handyman. Make your own joke. It says, what? What's a joke about what? He's pretty handy, man. I like to hand it to him. I'm two and a half men. That's the name of the show. Two and a half men. I guess he's the half part. They showed the clip with him a white tank top and tight jeans all full of sweat. In wiki aglacius with a white tank top and all full of sweat. A red tight jeans. It says, by the way, don't want to insult your drag queen listeners. And then this is this comment here. Where do people come up with this will? Brady Quinn looks like a really bad drag queen and the size of her nose. Does any sense to you as you talk about the size of Brady's nose or the size of his or paste of your now. You must have seen the thing on Saturday right? The draft. Yeah. Thought all day. And you saw Brady Quinn's blonde very marginal looking girlfriend in you. Yeah, she was a kitty. Get out of here. You're crazy. Oh, my god. She was a cutie. Really, too. Look at that booty, man. She was just, oh, he's going to cleave when he's not going to find much better. More, just keep making sounds with your mouth. This is how she ended these, okay? With the nonsense. Georgia's outstick today. We go here to talk crap for 2 and a half hour. And you guys do realize we only got an hour and a half to go. Yes. So I'm thinking to myself that during the latter part of this next upcoming break, I may just have to go and put on my pantaloonies in my shirt. Get my shoes ready. Don't rush yourself. Probably takes you about an hour and a half to get dressed to pull your pants up over that big pupa guy hanging out there. It's just a criss-knock to never know if you're in aIL. There's not a hook that I would ever see. Oh, yeah. We'll never meet and shake hands and have them show a warm embrace. If you'd like to make me feel better, you can just thumbs in the will. We didn't get one. I've already had a io warm embrace. Yes. Wasn't the elevator? That was. That was just cordless in the elevator. He just kind of cornered me there. He was way down my throat. No, no, god. If only he was young. I could think a lot of other people he could have been but he wasn't that was the problem. Now he's good and he did catch that check finally. And I said, I hope your dog is okay. Did we get an update on the operation and how it came out? I sure I sure is held don't want to find out that I spent, I mean it was only a couple of unrelexedry there for the dog. Is that with the operation cost? The 200 or was it the whole 1200? 1200. Wow. So I should have given the other 1,000 on top of it, right? Because he had that coming. No. I was being running that. But I don't want to be spending 1200 bucks and find out the dog died in the app on the operating table or something like that. That would not be good. Although he wouldn't be at work, what if his dog died? Well, it was a Monday operation and he was here yesterday. And today's Wednesday, or where today's L-L-Doo-C-V-M-I-O. 10.56-56-56-62-WM were just leading up to the marons. He got to find some good music for the marlin lead-in today for the pre-insure. Now we always do. Yep. I don't like this that starts with that crowd. How is this any of the vote or jail, of course? That's that fact. I don't even know who any of the vote is. Okay. He'd expect the news here. God is that thought. Here are the body out there's an expert. I know nothing. And there are a little big experts. Now, let's get to your battle plan. Everybody's a raven maven. Trust me when they tell you. Hey. This is the new Roger's show. Put the cookie dough. This is the blame. Put the cookie dough dough dough dough. Any questions? This is an ABC news special report. A Cremland spokesman confirms this morning that former Russian president Boris Yeltson has died at the age of 76. George, you heard that Boris Yeltson passed away, right? I believe it. Oh, it's gut wrenching. Well, it's a fabulous man. He is a sports figure. Oh, he is. He's the former leader of the Soviet Union. I know. Yeah, he passed away just last month. No, he died on Monday. I know that. Right. He said, man, I have ever known. George, you have no idea who this guy is. Do you? Right, man. And it's right. George, what did you do when you heard about his death? We prayed and teared up and laughed some. Oh boy, all the dead people, all the dead bodies, all the human sacrifices. And what can I say? Bush's video of Iraq funding bill officially arrives in Congress. Look at that. They're looking there. There's an anti-policy with that. And her post will talk about me as a guy. Anyway, 748 votes on the poll. So Chris is going to $48 million. So I'm going to show it. Sure. And the poll is, if I had a little bit among the omniscient, I don't know how will ever get through it. They would have electricity to 82. Now is that true? They have no electricity? The omniscient. They can't have no electric. I'm not sure. But I think it is. Oh, that was not sure. We go all alone. So close to his people. No. A computer 89, some of your old people. Some of those old domino playing Julio Zander and domino park, fast domino park. Let's read them in honor of a Katrina, fast domino park. What do you say? A cool beer 81. How about Luke Warren beer? Can't have that either. Cool beer 81. I am omniscient. So what the FMI doing on a computer answering this poll, 65. And you can be damn sure that every one of those is a fake vote. They got no omniscient. They may be a little hemispotent, but they're not no omniscient. Maybe they got long beers. Maybe their orthodox Jews would think that their omniscient could be. And big silly hats. A TV 59, a porn, porn 58. Oh, refrigerator 29, a car 23, casual close 17, cushing 13. A cell phone 10, a radio, a radio, still, filament in Nueve. 99 people would witness their radio. And that's in our audience too. What is that? A real shot of my solar plexus. By the way, did that thing say P.A.A. or P.A. And that can be a 9.0 P.A. of A means P.A. So, ass, even though I don't know my ass for my elbow. What? Yeah, was it a P.A. of A? P.A. P.A. P.A. And you don't know that? Oh. Radio 9, iPod 5, sneakers 4, CD player 3, was it said Brady Quinn P.A. a DVD player 2 and non for fast-roof food or microwave. Yeah, who'd know what this fast food all I didn't do with that Taco Bellia that it tremendously? And that's what I'm going to be if I keep eating man tremendous. Again, I'm going to just balloon back up. I'll be back over 190, back over 200. I'll be huge. I'll be dead. And then they'll say, look at what the P.A.A. they knew what they were talking about. They knew their crap. They knew this was a fat man in a chair. Waiting to die, Chris. 756, don't you like that as in 256? I do like that new jingle by the way. Chicken X, semi a couple of new jingles, whichever are you playing in both. The one I like is this one. Wonderful. How could you do it? That's my 60. And I'm sure not in his honor and honor of this big, let's not this week. It's next week, isn't it? Okay, next week is his last week. We got to play. Bick. Show. Bick. Show. Bick. Show. I got to read that. Let's just honor of Ricky Tickies 50 years and is a retirement next week from Friday. I guess it is. We ought to just play that all week next week. Here we go. Show. And still probably get a bigger number than certain shows that I want to mention. Don't forget the ratings come off Friday morning, baby. And I'm going to, I'm calling them sick right now for Friday. Could be a really ugly scene. Could be a lot of people showing crap in the. Can you imagine? I wouldn't be walk around in the halls about 10.45 on Friday. That's just my advice to you people inside of building. I wouldn't be walking around where I might not be safe, you know. See, I could be right. I'm going a lot of hospitality going on. No, it would be fine. A lot of finger pointing a lot of odds. You're a fault. It's your fault. You're in a fan squared table. I think they're going to burn toast on Friday. WDQA and hello. Bim, cold camper. WDQA and hello. How about the boy? What the boy? WDQA and hello. It puts him in the room in the bathroom. WDQA and hello. Can you believe that he made 50 years in this market? Why not? It does just take them to look at this market. It's sourable. Yeah, I said. So what does that mean? Okay, listen. As far as the Kentucky Derby goes, no. I'm not talking about the Kentucky Derby. What are you talking about? That's our Friday. No, nobody gives a crap on Wednesday about the Kentucky Derby. You go back to New York with that horrible accent. You silly queen. You fair. Jesus. My God. You know he's from Queens. What a silly. I mean, see there I'm just like Shylock Holmes. I talk how long did I talk to that silly piece of turn to him. No, but regardless of that, just a few seconds. Everybody I picked up he's from New York and he's a flamer. But I mean, nothing wrong with being. I mean, lots wrong with being from New York. Lots. All of the good parties at least you got out. Everybody Q.A.M. Hello. Anybody, you can't read the term in a panel. Everybody Q.A.M. Hello. The favorite star. Everybody Q.A.M. Hello. Yes. Yeah. Joe Loverr. I was kind of hated of hurt. That's a nice thing. Yeah, right. That's what the fact said. Yeah. That's what I just got through saying. And today's Wednesday and tomorrow's Thursday. And after that, maybe reach out and I won't be there. Oh, man. The sun is shining and I'm kissing the ground that I'm not there. A big white juicy kiss to myself for not being in South Florida. Oh my God. These by the way, if there's any visitors down there, you want to get out of there as passes a can because of my kids stuck. And number two, these people you're calling in on the phone, these are the people who put the duh in Florida. These are the ones. 759 in the pool. What do you think we should shoot for? We're going to our 20th. What about a 50 thing we can do it? Yeah, thanks. That would be a real feather in the girls cap. Ah. How about a feather in Ricky Tickie's cap? Wouldn't that be nice? Maybe I'll send him a feather. You think I'll send him something? I wouldn't know where to send him. Oh, I'm not going to do that. He's one of our mice bases. He's one of our top friends on there. Ricky Tickie's shot. Do you know that? Yes, I did. Well, there you go. I'm going to send him a nice email. I'm going to say nice going. Ricky Tickie and enjoy your life. Whatever you got left. What does he not? 92 now? Good guy. W2AM. Hello. Good morning. How are you? Pretty good. You're welcome to the 2AM. They obviously don't have a drug policy because all the weeks we've been going on. They don't care about stealing and sharing music as far as, you know, all the music and stuff becomes in it. But before you pay a fart sound on the radio and I'll see you in court, baby, what's that all about? I'm going to show you how this tyranny's cause. What is this? What is this? What is that first word? Con, Con, Ding. What is that say? Long not hate this. What? Long. Says I'm not voting because I don't want to help Chris get more money. Oh, I see. Can you make that first word? Faster. What is it? I'm going. Get adding here from, I don't know, another one of these chronics. You think we got chronic calls? We got chronic factors too. The fact is that we're going to have to get a chronic factor. The fact is that the fact is machine, the full machine, the computer machine, the machine, the power machine, man. It's not going to work by. I'm going to try to go into 12 feet. I got my shoes and no, not my shoes. Explain to me, which are what's now? These are my pants. I have on my legs with these my shoes. Got my pantalaries and my shirt on. I feel like a real mint right now, like a real old jubo. I mean, I'll dress up in some place to go. A lot of the sun is shining. It's going to be a beautiful day here in Hogtown. I sure wish I knew why that's a nickname for Toronto. It's not a very pleasant nickname. I mean, like Rochester is the flower city, which used to be FLOUR because they had all the flower plants. And then it was FLOWR because they were famous for the lilacs and the panties. 56 is going to be in the low 60s today, the sun is shining so beautiful. They go and L YA, you know what that is, don't you? Luzio S. The name of the game is Luzio S. W. W. M. Hello. Hey, you guys remember me? No. Oh. Okay, they're a nice one. Okay. W. M. Hello. You got a machine that does all the borrower's on. W. M. Hello. Oh, Niel. Yes. Miami helped it a travel piece on Toronto on Sunday. Yeah. And based on what they wrote, I don't see any point in visiting Toronto. Good. Excellent. And? Yeah. And, see in town. City Hall and the San Tower. Yeah, that's right. Don't come here. Believe me. The last person in the world we want coming here is you. Okay. Do not come here. There's nothing to see here. There's nothing going on. It's a boring ass place. The people are rotten. Yadiyadiyadiyadiyadiy. Right. See, there's another guy tell me about my life. You know, whatever I say is wrong. And this is a terrible place. I want to be here. And, yeah. Because you're not. That's one of the good reasons why I want to be here. Because you aren't and never will be. Okay. You couldn't find Toronto if they gave you a roadmap. A compass in the search party. You still couldn't find it. And even if you try to swim across like Ontario, you probably wouldn't get even halfway. So, have a nice day. Have a nice soft photo. Fn. Day. 7. I've heard 68 votes on the pool. I got it. And I think that's really true that there was an eye in doubt. But there could be. And of course, what is the Harold Nobob Toronto? It's not about a rag. Even the National Observer, which is a right wing piece of garbage, even the Toronto Sun. Any newspaper, any of the four daily newspaper. Do you realize we have four daily newspapers here? Wow. Yeah. Like a real-time media, understand? I'm talking about like a real city. With real living and breathing people with people who speak English, they're all printed in English by the way. Just so I would mention it. We have no else. We have no else. Toronto star. We have no La Puppy Di Campo. And all of that. I'm sure there's a French paper. In Toronto, you're Rama. You're Rama so soft in Paris. That is French paper. They don't speak French here. See this again? This is the procureness of the... Is there such a word? The procureness. I just made it up. Sure. Of the South Florida masses, including Miguel, who was born in Chicago, at least this spent at least five or ten days of his life. How long did you live in Chicago before they dragged your ass down there? Ten years of life. Ten years? And I printed the Toronto. And did you survive it? Was it bad? I didn't go with that. I was a youngster. There you go. No. And... And I don't remember it. Remember that next time we're going to mess your world. You might want to come back. We don't want too many of you people from America coming here. Okay. We'll take your money. Just put it in the bottle and send it across the lake. Remember being in some high tower seeing the Blue Jace Stadium? There you go. Well, it could have been that long ago. That used to be the Seagrums Tower, which is now the Sea and Tower, which is the tallest free standing building in the world. And it's right next to... Or used to be the Skydome, which is now the... Bale God! Roger Center. The Roger Center. See you and think I had an impact here, did you? I'll tell you. 7. 7. 8 in the pool. What's our goal again? 8. 50. Oh, we'll do that. If we can't do that, Chris ain't never coming back again. Now, what you said? Okay. I will be saying we don't get some serious food in there from duck pretty soon. He's going to go on strike. He's going to really pissed off about it. I don't blame you. He talks to you while I'm reaper gave us... I guess it's leftovers from a char-hut. I see. Is that Robert Creeper, the Green Reaper, the Lord of the Board? Get out of here. Oh. Seriously, you have my permission. Next time, if anybody here's Kenny Walker say that, you're shooting them right on the spot. If you ever says that again. Okay. 11. 13. If you have the free game of 12.30, we can hour and 17 minutes to go, but we're talking real fast. So, Radiance, dumb as dirt. This is a man behind the black curtain call roll. Well, I don't usually step out of my closet, but I am so awkward about shallow crowd touching me. But there's been a warning to all of you out there. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's not to me, baby. And you feel the amount five and a 30 day. I'm of this free game of life we fly. Don't care what civil rules have. Don't touch me, Sarah, let it roll. I'm mischief, gentlemen. I just as bitch is love in words. I mischief, gentlemen. That kind of something will catch the roll. I didn't know that the car worth had a brown robe. Hovering, I didn't you? This one, I shouldn't know. Well, there you go. 11.15 at 5.60WC. I'm George's out six today if there are people wondering after, what are the little Julio? Where is George with his cost? He's in the crypt. So, he sounded bad. I don't tell him he's going to be out the rest of the week or something like that. He's a trooper. What do you really say? I'm just screwing off the day because it's only a shirt show. What are you even tell us? I didn't feel like I went into these covers for me. What was it? Cover for him. It sounded like that. Oh, no. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. Since he finally talked to me to put him in his, my, my will. Guess what? See, I still say that I'm not, I'm not telling anybody anything. Except normal can't. You know, I'm going to swear him to secrecy. That's really queen. I'm just going to, you know, I decide one day when I'm in the right mood. You know, sit right down or write myself a letter. I'm going to make it up. And then when I croaked, then everybody can, you know, oh, gee, how do you like that? And George can go lining. Oh, he didn't believe me anything because I called and sick that day. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. And of course, if I don't leave George anything, that means, Chris, you're as I get an upset danger. WQAM, hello. A Neil, how are you? Pretty good, sir. Good. I think you remember before you were saying, why did they call Toronto Hot Town? I've got a feeling that that guy was one of the founding fathers of the city. So I'm talking exactly. I just love, huh? Yeah, I don't know what that was, name is. But I grew up at the north end of the city, north of, north of Lawrence, south of York, Mills, and there's a pocket in there called Hogs Hollow. So you would think that it has something to do with it. But, can you wait? They're just a little bit of trivia for you there, buddy. Well, thanks a lot, Paliscia, aroundy. Yeah. Okay. How's it going, eh? They don't really say that there, do they do? Yes, they do. And they're very nice people, they're very friendly. And they're very like, you know, personable and the very polite and courteous. And that paranoid and psychotic and angry and hostile. And mad all the time. And mad all the time. And mad all the way to Egypt. Not like that. No, like friendly. You know, I understand that's like foreign language, like no speaking English and stuff. And they all speak English. Wow. Even a wood vine, speaking English. Which isn't to say that they're, I think that's what they do. They've taken all the, I'm not just people who they've all heard of them out into that place. They bust them out to wood by, when they know I'm going to be there. We'll do all the old, smelly, Russian women and the other, oh. But somebody tells somebody Europeans, you know, aren't the French famous for making cologne and stuff like that? Yes, they are. You did toilet? Yeah, I did toilet. I got you toilet. And they just don't use any, you know, so many of these, and I'm talking to an Eastern, you know, I can't even imagine. I've never been there, you know. I can't even begin to imagine. They are Roma, put you in a coma. Oh, gee, even sleeping in that suit for how long about six years or what? Seriously, when you smell that bad, that when somebody is sitting, you know, a couple of feet away from you, and they can smell you, they can get the, that's bad. Am I right or am I wrong? Yeah. Huh? I feel weird. I've got a pretty good nose, man. I can sniff out some things from a long ways away. Hmm, you know. And if it's a bad thing, like, oh, fat. W2AM, hello. Good morning, Neil. Yeah, get lost. W2AM, hello. Hey, Neil, those fine things are out of the game. John's a street, nice to throw that out of him. And for the guy that owns that house, go outside and tell him. Okay, good. W2AM, hello. QAM, hello. What are you doing there? W2AM, hello. Yes, sir. I just want to tell you that that thing you never happened, is that guy never shows up in Toronto. I've been listening for years, and what the Italy first, what the Amsterdam, Benatrono, is a fantastic city. Yes, sir. And it's got everything you could ever want. And the best thing about it is people like that are aren't just there. So, that was correct. He's calling me to tell me how unhappy I am. Exactly. Like you don't know and done you know. There's a whole place, because he's never actually been there or doesn't even know anyone. He ran in that hair roll, something about the only things that are to see is the hockey hall of fame and see and tower and yatiati and great. Don't come here. If you don't like it, don't come here. I'm not selling it. I'm not working for the Chamber of Commerce. They don't need it. Exactly. So, he's an expert. I mean, there's so much culture in history there, but what the hell is this guy now? So, I got like two years left, so I get my pension and I am out of here. I hope he has a real good time and sweet water is what I hope. Exactly. Take care, Neil. See you. And don't forget, look at other places. I can't even think of the name of the place anymore. It will come to me. Not in a range. What's that little dinky place? Red ones. Red ones. The red ones. No, not the red ones. They'll be knocking the red ones, okay? A little red ones. Where's it? A little here. I'm talking about it. I'll just throw a name's up. You don't even know. First of all, you still live in Dave County, which I'm embarrassed for you. That's bad. That is really bad. WQ William, hello. WQ William, hello. WQ William, hello. WQ William, hello. WQ William, hello. Free claims, go to big one. You know, this is interesting because we only have an hour and five minutes to go. And they're coming like in spontaneous bursts today. You know what I mean? Now it begins with an eye. Whatever little dinky two blocks is, I can't believe I can't think of the name. That's because I'm out of touch. Like Tom Jick or would say. How's it going, Tom? I'm not going to be a mackerel. I'm not a mackerel. I'm not a mackerel. He's not in Dave County. I'm not going to be a mackerel. God are you dumb. Jesus, God Almighty. It's scary. You got to get out of that place. I agree. Huh? I agree. It'll come to me. 800 votes on the nose. And what was our goal? A 50. We got an hour and five minutes. If we can't do 50 votes, I think we're shooting for 900. What we started with about 10 votes this morning on his horseball pole about the homage and the amish and the heimish and the goish. Too many goi amnane. That's the problem. When I kicked all the old Jews off of South Beach, that was the, that was the Kiss of Death. And all those plastic people with all that jewelry moved in there and took it over. All is a mackerel. It's with cheese. How many blocks would you say of South Beach really is where it's happened? I like 10 blocks, 15. What would Johnny Versace be the same right now if he could hear this? You know what, you be saying? I'm dying out of the hair. How many blocks would you say, Miguel? You're next for it on that part of Tom. I'm sure. And what an answer? South Beach. South Beach is 15 streets. 15 streets. 15 streets. Remember that song by Tennessee Rene Ford, you load 15 streets. So what do you get, huh? Remember that? No. I'm sure you don't. And George would play if he was a big. George, we're ready. We know what that means. War you in. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You in. You in. You know, if he does have two sides. If you are wanting to report someone using two or two pepper squares, we're going for two keep. Please, they're pressing one. If someone is using three squares of TP, please they're pressing three. And if you are knowing someone, who is so ecologically here is vulnerable, has to be using more than three squares. Someone who thinks is for two keep doesn't think they are to be a serious better problem with them. What is wrong with you, people? In my country, we don't even have two other peppers. We don't even have toilets. Why do we have a stick in a wooden crown with your peppers that are shamed up in a substitute should be? Take your bird body. A stick in a hole in the ground. Back dome. I guess they got two holes. Now, how would you know from OGIS? That's a little nothing. You're worried that that come from. What would you always just talk about OGIS using a standing joke? OGIS. Because it's like 10 blocks or something like that. And to me, it's the epitome of what that place is all about. It's a series of bedroom towns, none of which have really anything. Nothing. I mean, well, well, it is anybody going to downtown. I mean, don't tell me about how they built all these shops. They did it. Nobody goes to downtown. I mean, let's say they're crazy person. But if you're going to club it at night. And downtown for a lot of it. Downtown. Don't toss, let's throw it off. What is it? We're a friend. Downtown my ass. It's like a place without an identity. You got your plantation and Pembroke Pines. And you got your hell and Dale and Dania and OGIS and Sweetwater and the Ranger and Copper Ridge and Homestead and Kendall. Somehow OGIS doesn't fit in the mix there for a second. It sure does. Come on. OGIS my ass man. You better learn your OGIS because you don't have you ever been in OGIS? So you have to think about OGIS? Yeah, I have. I have a different through it without knowing. And as you even know you're there. Yeah. See, you know to where we are place. You know you're there. You know to OGIS and I think I say, oh look at this, we just came to OGIS. Let's write this on our resume. This is my tombstone when I throw it. He made his closest figure. Yeah. You don't want to be a Toronto. There's nothing to feel there but I'm much of those picking from Oxay. And I only know is hockey, hockey. I just played that sort of guitar. I just played that sort of guitar. I just played that sort of guitar. I could talk it up and I nailed that baby perfect man. I'm proud of myself. For a dead guy that died from a Facebook hard attack, I'm doing all right. Ezreal. Right. See, even you admit it. Oh, I love this. And you notice in your honor, I've taken a ton of calls today because I know when you all the way, I do have to read this story. And thanks by the way, to Angie's in video and I do know who she is. I don't mean, you know, who she is like personally. But you are on the my space thing. Who you talking to me, Chris? Yeah, you, both of you. Yeah, we know. She's one of the really great contributors. She said she very, really says anything. She just post all these great comments. And today she sent me the starter call which I already had. In fact, it was next in my pile. So Angie, thank you so much. She must be sick. She was always going to be doing this next. And spread the fact that I'll have to read it. And the girl will start popping like a child and take a spoon and start banging on the counter there. Too bad you got that spoon. You got nothing to eat with it. So what was it? You got Robert Gripper, the a grim reputable order to the board, the total load. He approached in some leftovers. Wasn't that nice from? He's sweet. He's what? He's sweet. In the latest embarrassment involving Howard Judges, this is in the hero. So it might be true. The county's chief criminal judges have to be reassigned after coming under Fairfed to the director of a Mark Following Egg Criminal trial. This is one of the worst things I have ever read. In the history of my life. This is a judge. Criminal administrative chief judge Charles Green, who's been on the bench for nearly two decades, requested the transfer one day after public defender Howard Finklstein asked the county's seat. And I was not to ask Howard on channel 7 or whatever channel he's on. Yeah, I believe so. Yeah. Sounds Jewish to me, Howard. Ask the county's chief judge to be moving for using the acronym NHI, which Finklstein says stands for no humans involved. Well, that's kind of like that station across the street. The refrigerator phrase no humans involved they'd backed about in 1970s and was used to describe why some crimes against prostitutes, gays or blacks may not be pursued as vigorously as those who would write victim's Finklstein said. NHI, my ass. The case he was presiding or involved black victims, a black defendant and a black witness. It is a deeply, deeply offensive term that is at the very least classes Finklstein said yesterday. Once the term is you, judges don't have to work as hard because there are no humans involved in quotes. Finklstein said he wanted green removal from the criminal bench but does not have a problem if he presides over civil cases. And a lot of the chief judge Dale Rossi has today green requested he be reassigned from the criminal division. He said he didn't know there was any racial implication or overturned the county made, but said the incident now has become a distraction. No humans involved. Ha ha ha. Now I can't imagine why anybody pissed off about that. Can you? The hero was unsuccessful reaching Ross for comment it says here. This is the latest and the longest and longest of incidents involving Howard judges. Most notably the recent arrest of the Lawrence Quarter for smoking wacky weed in a public park for smoking a big fat one baby. In March, lawyers from Hatsau for the Minority Bar Association criticized Ross for making sarcastic comments about Hispanics and rap music from the bench during a weekend bond court system up the earlier. Green said his comment was meant to characterize the credibility of the witness not the witness's race. No humans involved. After the case ended in the knock-out of the verdict, now only ask you something. What do you think is more egregious? That be hit at host. Of course that was said on the air, but nevertheless that be it at host or no humans involved. Not at all. No, it's not even close isn't. No, I just wanted to play. I know you did. I wanted to do a plan. I didn't even know you knew where it was. I found it. Well good. This is probably an ojas. After the case ended in a knock-out of the verdict, Green said that a fence attorney in prosecutors was an NHI case according to Finklestein's letter. In my 16 and a half years on the bench, I've always conducted myself in a manner I thought was appropriate to ensure that justice was evenly dispensed for you in Ronin's letter to Ross. Now it appears that a misunderstood comment is creating a situation that should not continue in the best interest of the circuit in the criminal division. Finklestein said he did not think the Green was a racist. I really do believe he's a good man who spoke stupidly. But unfortunately, there were the consequences. I like Amis. I'm a good person to say the bad thing. Remember, I'm going to say that about for a third or third or third or third or third or fourth or fourth thousand times. He still got canned. Minority Bar Association is criticized to Brown or Gigi Sheerry a year ago after court a committed a battered wife, significant restraining order, to speak English instead of Spanish, speaking in English, speaking in English. To combat the negative publicity, Ross ordered all Brown or Gigi's managed rates to take racial, religious, and ethnic sensitivity training. Here in praise for sending an example by taking the course himself. Well, let's judge the Ross, not George Green. Mean Charles Green says no humans involved. He must have been talking about a radio business. Huh? No humans involved in a giant. A 23, you know something we're going to make the 900 and I'm going to tell you something else, Chris, and you won't believe me because you're doubting Thomas. You don't even believe I can do the a month with no sugar. Do you? Get that blood sugar down there nice and low. Have like a little of them and vigor and you'll see, you'll see, I'm going to shock, I'm going to shock the free world and the people and OGIS are going to be marching in the streets with big placards. Can you see that now? No, neither can I. At first I mean OGIS isn't Dave Kelly, I know that. I promise. If you, huh? It's barely there. No, but what is it like? 100 in it between Miami Gardens and I've there. So between one, maybe third, and I've there is what one don't tell me. Two, two, 12. Now, two, 12 too much. 202. 203. Well, it's probably one minute. Give me a little bit of credit for his out of touches. I am for being the old Toronto towed tour that I am. Well, homely, you know what the longest consecutive street in the world is? The tallest free standing building is the CN Tower. It's in Toronto right next to the Rogers Center and the longest street in the world is in what city? Tell me. Well, take a guess. I'll say Toronto. They're good guests. And what's the name of the street? It's not old, but it's new, new as way. It's new street. If you're not old, you're young street. I dream your honey. Guards! Oh, brahama, is toibet drum up by a mother child. Oh, you're falling from the sky. Over and over love, ah, ah. Liguous acts, she heard the whistle. Quick. Another untied availability of herself. That's enough03 ft. Absolutely run-in throughense, eh? An alloy wing full drag, ready? Oh, this is the rule. They get from her head to tone And hurt my voice So much he had a sick alert And I got one photograph off in Latin Had no more clothes I'd take it back I threw all that you like she was a man I'd come back Had the sand held in her face I'd stand moving And scored it by the teleband The old woman had it for her somerspace The sea cause And once they've got rolled up by a missow Real life came falling from the sky over comor That you was laying in her sexy her though we're so old And I've done to the back of her tattoo Let's go to all of this, okay? Let's have a fairie to all of you You're fairie 1146-14-ville known I'm gonna finish something This thing is flown by I could do 10-12-30 every day for the rest of my life I agree Careful Throw it to think this is easy Huh? 10-12-30 is a piece of cake We love them, Marla That's gonna be really depressing See the good news is this new viola I'm cooking up this week or whenever it's gonna happen Very soon The last two years of my deal I work only four days a week Every week Now it's actually been in summer time Only two days a week Is it true that there's tapes involved in that deal Are you gonna start this all this crap? Do you want to start the poisoning your mind again? That's a joke Yeah, that's correct That's what who was saying? Do other thing Fridays will be taped days Yeah, and that's not good Let me draw you a diagram, okay? Here's the way, here's my perspective on the situation You don't care because you won't be working There you go I'm gonna make the same money I'm not gonna work on Fridays all year That's a long ways off That's 2009, 2010 I should live so long You should have the job so long, Mr. That is true Hopefully by then you ought to be getting the raise If not, if you're still doing that for like 14 cent an hour You better learn a little stuff, respect You know something? I got a good idea for you Force them to start paying you by the pound I like the bow Yeah better Huh? I like by the bow better What do you think, Miguel? Good idea Well, I'm sure peaceful agreed too I'm just talking about him How's the beast doing by the way? He's still married Uh-huh Thanks, I was no punter rise yet, huh? He told her way back when Close your eyes, I got a surprise for you, honey And so And I'm thinking maybe she never opened her eyes yet Tom Posts instilled that by the way They're talking about that, I'm seeing it And with the picture him there with that Silias, overalls on, with the bottom new heart Bottom new heart sure was really bad by the way I like Bob Newheart as it in years ago when he was funny That's a long time ago That's back what I was funny too 843 votes and we're going to make 9-9 Have to make Chris really proud He'll waddle out of there today It's like, oh I'm going to give me a few meals Now I'm so excited More in Dances better than late Instead of George 10 and teaching a George Sound University, George 10 and should be tough At George 10 University There should be a course on government called the ultimate staff guy And Morale Saga about how much harm you can do Is a go-along, get along guys spending so much time trying not to alienate the big cheese So he doesn't can you that you missed the moment Where you have to can him or lose your soul If Colin Powell and George 10 had walked out of the administration In February 2003 Instead of working together on that tainted UN speech Making the bogus case for war They might have figured everything around They might have saved the lives and limbs of all those Reviews as kids in the Internet and Iraqis Not to mention our world's standing in national security It would certainly have been harder for 10 Ademic rats like Swillery Clinton, John Kerry and John Edwards To back up the administration of two members of the Bush Intercircle at Broke and Away To hung increasingly apparent truth That big chaney, Rummy and the Neocons Were feverishly pushing an I.A. President Into evading Iraq with junk facts General Powell counted on slam dunk A slender read, tailping rid of the speech At most of the garbage Mr. Chaney's office wanted in it Slime, of course, tried to have it both ways Helping the skeptical Secretary of State And panoring to hire bosses Afterwards, when the speech sure got to be built on a no-legged stool General Powell was furious at slam But they both sure blamed they knew better They put their loyalty to a runaway What house to head of their loyal to a loyal Lied with fearful public Slime ducks book to his mesmerizing and a horrifying way The irony of the whole situation is he was bluffing Slime said a Sodom on the Raking Live Monday night Adding and he didn't know we weren't Mr. He, man 10, had didn't understand the basics of poker Much less Arab culture Never occurred to him that Sodom might fainst Strength affects muscles that is frozen in Middle East Slime couldn't take some of the $40 billion We spent on intelligence annually and get a cultural profile of the dictated before we invaded If he was really running around with his hair on fire, knowing the Osama danger Shouldn't he have said off alarms when W.W. Invincible after Sodom instead of a real threat Many people in Washington stored in his dramatic cloak and dagger Description of himself to Larry King, I worked in the shadows my whole life He wasn't Jason Born working in dangerous locales We were just talking about him yesterday, weren't we Chris? Yes, we were Mad Damon He risked life in London on Capitol Hill along the back Stabbers and Cultural Bureau across from whom he obviously learned a lot He spent nine years on the Staff of 7.000 intelligence committee Four staff director When Wilkland appointed him to run the CIA in 1997 The profile of whom in the times was headlined A time to reap the rewards of being loyal It observed that old colleagues had said he had an ability to make many different Superior's feelings with him Six former CIA officials sent Mr. Ten at a letter Vyens publisher no wonder where in trouble The spokes can't figure out the old head spokes Hubbed rest Be rating him for pretending he wrote a self serving book Probably defending honor of the agency and demanding that at least half the Prophet to be given to wounded soldiers and families and Soldiers and families and Soldiers there needs to be a son of slain law One of the signers Larry Johnson told CNN that slain is Profiting from the blood of American soldiers by your silence You help build a case for war the former CIA officials road You would be trade the CIA officers who collected the intelligence That made it clear that Sodom did not pose an impenet threat You betrayed the aimless to try to withstand the pressure applied by Cheney and Rumswell They also said although CIA officers learned in late September 2002 From high level members Sodom was saying that her circle that a rat cat No pastor present contact with the son of in London And that the rat he later considered in London enemy You still had before congress in February 2003 And testified that a rat did indeed have links to al Qaeda In the end you will have suspects or such as like curve wall to be used Based on very limited reporting and evidence They concluded that your tenure as head of the CIA is helped create a world that is more dangerous It is doubly said that you still seem to lack an adequate appreciation of the enormous amount of death and carnage you have facilitated Thus endeth our lesson in our class on the ultimate staff guide If you have something deadly important to say say what a matter is or just shut up and slink off Says Marine the queen marine dog cheaply good man. She's great Despite what we go think what you've come around you're off that right wing the old fascist the bandwagon finally Oh, yeah, I was on that. Yeah, you why yeah, I was on that Benwagon. Yeah, you wanted already you wanted a why How many still come on Easter come on Easter come on Easter one dimensional thing man. Lee at least you broke away At least you had a cold and finally break away and let me tell you man. You're gonna pay when you break away They're gonna hang your ass in domino park and they're gonna say come on Easter come on Easter you'll see you're look cute though hanging there Remember musselie hanging in I think was in Milano they hung musselini As soon bad news now. What's that pregame doesn't start at 1230 Starts at 1235 so you got five extra minutes I'm looking at my schedule here that was made by Clarence Dero and it says 1230 Well, I'm looking at the law. Why it was the law says Freddy Gonzalez show Well, what is the Freddy Gonzalez show that would be the manager Freddy Gonzalez that's like cam Cameron my name Jose him a name is well, what kind of made up names of these Freddy Gonzalez Is he came to Potso Gonzalez bush or which we had that George would play a pet boon actually He's about 35 on the schedule speedy Gonzalez. No, it does not this 30 on the copy I got here says Marlins 1230 that's what it says right here look at no Roger $15 What but look at it in the Rogers times 10 to 1235 new Rogers and the Marlins on the X03 maybe there's a slot across over and we're doing a cross over you and ready with a hump or okay Although the Marlins aren't as fat So now Chris was a rippin Hank and asked there about that crossover I kind of interrupted you. I don't want to interrupt I'll just say that all I said was a became the new Rogers usher Well, I was supposed to be the new Rogers show. Okay, well, nothing else but it was what's me the new I'm only my listeners, but nobody wants to hear And I'm really of it just as much as the thumb for about the racetrack. Okay, and all the tracks we've been to and about you know, I had a big day at Monmouth who cares you know nobody cares about that So one thing that this I'm not going to go into what okay, I got that big deal and the works there. I got the 80's Indian cuisine and dollars coming in who cares about such nonsense So you've got to give me give me a little pat on the back for that. Okay, come on give me a little slap in the head At least finally I've been threatening to do that for years and years. I'm just going to I'm just going to divorce myself from all the hysteria all the BS all the ballooning all the mistakes all the foolishness all the radio ish move. I don't care I do not care and I think I'll be committed and how do we expect it and pat it on the back and squeeze in the going for that a couple of times By people of my choice 800 and 60 votes on the pool So we got we know we got 900 right especially for under 1235 Correct, well, what do you guys gonna do that that extra five minutes what are you guys gonna be? All that a spot station that was just to screw you up. Okay, and now I'll change the cue to say Just just to keep going your toes I'll let think about a take a little drink The pre what why does it pre games shows their old cuz the game is a 105 one 10 My schedule says Marlin's on deck 1230 Marlin's at the Met's 105. Okay. That's the schedule I have right in front of my ugly face and this by the way is a new schedule This is a revised of the original one. We got a program director that can't even make a schedule ask me if I care No, I just got through Santa don't care audience knows. They know clearance if you know clearance like we know clearance. Oh A lot of you people will be heading for tall buildings right now to jump. I'm just telling you that right now 1156 you and we got the pre game show coming up at 1235 and I'm sure you'll be very excited to hear that got to get some of pre game music going Or I just got to play that this is pretty quick whenever I shape my ball I listen to the real Rogers 21 hour Yes All about today. Oh, he's good, oh done. Bye, honey. Heeeey. Oh. What's that? Hey, that's our new baggage production. Oh, you lost him in the bathroom. That big is bad. Why? Why did you? We're not finished yet. We're not. Isn't this going to kill us? Aren't we? Oh, we'll be there. I'm not done cladering myself yet. Oh, we're here. Oh, we're back with a blackie bag. We have to find the smell of this guy. The smell of this guy is the smell of this guy. He's the smell of this guy. We've got a cell for the milk. The milk is hard to know. We're asking him. He's been home. We've been in Brazil for a long time. And we've found a fruit. Oh, that gave us home management. And sports up your ass all day. Five, six, six, six. We're 8. We did. No, not yet. What? That's the 40th of playout. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Oh, speak to them. Yeah. So I'm making my go-no something about this. He's taking those all around the building. He has the freedom to wander around, and stick his nose in this meeting and that meeting. Everybody's meeting. I don't know what you're talking about. Well, we're not going to have the Panthers. No, we've had them for the last season. And they're not going to be on the station. No, no. And of course, since Galdi is the voice of the Panthers, one would assume that that means he's going to be moving on. One would assume yes. And that's the assumption. Okay. I just wanted you to verify it. So Miguel says, Galdi's out. Okay. Now, here's our Miami correspondent on my space. We're going to disguise with the Panthers. He's always got good radio information. It's probably somebody works in a business. Maybe it's Galdi. I hope not. In the Harold on Monday about Rich Ross retirement. It said, who's this guy, Bruce Kelly? He's going to replace him on magic. Never heard of him. It says he'll receive the handing off of the hat. Shaw's trademark Greek fisherman's cat that he's worn for 35 years. And a huge list of appreciation party. May love it to go. We talked about the party and gave all the information out. So thank you, Miami. How do you like that? I think this guy's really not Miami. I think he's OGIS. He's OGIS. And by the way, Ruben, whatever you're looking for, I'm not interested. Okay. I think he's looking for one thing. You know what's called M.O. any while I'm looking for my money. That's zero of my space, man. Ruben, Ruben, I've been thinking that your emails are really stinking. 874 votes on the pool. Not bad. We're going to get that 900. And you're laughing this. You're laughing hysterically, Chris, but nevertheless, if we'd have really put the full core press on, we could have made a thousand. We could pull off a miracle today. Do you believe in miracles? No. No. We got 900. You'll look at you on the fan. Yeah. You may rest in peace with ashes of your favorite pet according to a new law. Oh, tiny. Fair tiny. Shaw's for millions of people want to be buried with their dog. Cat, parrot or other pet would be allowed to do so under legislation passed by legislature and sent a governor Charlie Gaye, Chris on the yesterday on Tuesday. The burial provision was included in the cemetery regulation bill by a state senator who wants the ashes of his beloved black laboratory, retrieved to join him in his grave. Boy, talk about morbid. It's, I mean, oh, don't think it's like that disturb you a little bit. You want to be buried with the ashes of your dog. We're a kitty cat or your cockatoo. I call the Felix and final amendments said Senate rules chair mentioned King Republican Jacksonville whose longtime king and friend was given to him by his wife. The dog named Valentine made many campaign inferences with King over the years before dying a decade ago at the age of 14. What the heck did that was it? Said here a minute ago. What was it? I just got through reading it. Black laboratory retriever. Boy, you people see once I said, we deserve a kidnapping any attention. Are you guys not at all? Huh? What? Yeah. Now that we got this ball game coming up in a half an hour and it should be in 25 minutes. Clare it to any admin. I was during the abrector. I just called my cab gun and said it will be a five minutes later unusual. We'll be 1235 and I'll throw 30. I'm going to put a big bomb in your building. King we wrote his will so that her ashes, that's Valentine, House didn't earn, would be buried with him. That's when he learned at state regulations on cemeteries before only the human remains, making no allowances for animals. My wife is going to be cremated in Russia spread across the river so I was going to be lonely. I wanted Valentine to be buried with me. King said he was earning for your name. Or how's that going? You're earning for your name? Under the change adopted yesterday by the sentence a 38 to one vote animal remains in an urn can be buried with human remains or ashes as long as the ashes are not intermingled. Oh God, can you begin to imagine if the ashes got intermingled? Whoa. I'm young and single and I'm intermingled. The House of Proof of the Bill 18 to zip on Monday. I'd like to find out who the one idiot in the state senate voted against that is. Probably some far-bison. Now it's fate is up to a crest gay, your governor, who was inscrutable when I asked if he supported King's idea, let freedom ring he said. What does that mean? Do you have any idea what he means by that? Let freedom ring? No. Dr. Rachel still had an internet plantation animal hospital and I don't want to get into that. Since some of our clients want to spend eternity with their pet companion, so let me get started on a plantation animal hospital. They're okay. They're just don't want to get started. They're used for the interrupt right now. So what about that? What? So what about them? I'm not going to do that. Not going there. Other people think about it because they're very very attached to their pets offense because the pets got a connection to a spouse deal said. I've on order client now with a pet that she wants to put in the casket with her or if they've been out lives or have the ashes been grown or grave. How about just if the pet out lives or just if they could depend on their and build some air holes in there so she can have a companion for a till now. That's so fluid a little bit. Here we go. There you go little doggy food, little like doggy door on the side. You can come in and out as the, yeah. How bad it starts falling in there. My name is on several dogs King 67 said he had a special connection with Valentine. She went with me wherever I went. We went through some difficult times together. I lost my father and my mother but she was always the one living thing that was predictable of my life and I loved her. He said, oh, I mean nobody loves dogs more than I do. I'm a big dog lover but but King 67 has gotten calls to support from throughout the state farm more than he has received on other more substantive legislation. He's possible of course. Of course this is a hearts and flowers thing. You know, it's got nothing to do with like issues with real living and pressing and urgent and with things, you know, with all of these things. It wasn't supposed to be a big deal. It's just something I felt strongly about but all of it, all of it, all of a sudden it says you're all of it, sudden. All of a sudden it hit someone's heartstrings, King said, sing, when King and the string of it's hard. Isn't that touching? I guess not. I don't guess you guys have dogs. Are you still? Yeah. Chris has got a dog. Is it fat? No. Well, thank God for that. Because you know, fat people we generally tend to overfeed our animals. Do you do know that, don't you? Yes. Well, I'm glad you knew that. And there's matter of fact my golden retriever was fat and then I put him like on a door to die for like a long time and he lost a lot of weight. He was he was slim and trim and then of course he died. And again, tiny of course, well, a little tiny. He's dead. Now one guy out there all the time, you killed tiny. Did you give tiny how that fish for? What is it? Did you give tiny how that fish for? No, actually, what's tiny? What's tiny was crazy about was whipped cream, you know? Because you've ever had strawberries now. So you always have to have a can of whipped cream. We're like, you would be good. I'll fish for another. You mentioned never really thought about that. And you go to the refrigerator and take out that can and just shake it. You wouldn't even open it yet. And just shake the can and tiny would come in and into the kitchen running in there. And drop up in the air and then you take the nozzle and you like. Blah blah, whipped cream. And he would lick it off the end of that to the nozzle. Is that a way to say? And the whipped cream too. And of course, if someone dribble on the floor, then he'd be looking all the schmutz. Oh, god. And then you think about, you know, times when you broke glass on the kitchen floor, I wonder if I got every little piece of glass up. Because tiny's are, you know. So I don't think about dogs, man. They'll eat anything. And I don't want to get too graphic. It's right in the middle of lunch hour with their eat. Just about anything. Just especially like in the backyard. It's a garage. Well, you wear a blue thing. And you wear a black something. And you want to be better than. You wear a black something. And you want to be better than. You wear a black, make sure you eat. And you can't eat. You can't go away. If you want to eat. Because tiny's are, you can't bear me. You can't bear me. You can't eat, god. And tiny knows. And the game just could bring your car. Even though they've got to eat, the good place is better than life. And the life. Yeah, speaking of dogs, I would say that tiny even in this present state in ashes is more Presidential and John Edwards. He leaves me limp. He's got the charisma of a dead dog. I think I just said that. 808 on the pool now. What I would like to do is get that 900 real quick. 809. We need 10 votes. And though as soon as we can do it, get with it. You want to know why? Because George is out sick today. And I certainly don't want to lay it on Chris or Josh or certainly not my guilt. My guilt's got nothing to do with this crap. Changing the pool this afternoon. So I'm going to change it before I leave. Because thanks to good fat Eric up there. The good people are the fat people, maybe. And the fat people are the dead people. But anyway, he already, you know, I have facts in the pool for tomorrow. Thanks to Charlie B. Not a good one, but nevertheless it's one. It's a pool. So I'll change it as soon as we get to nine. And then her vote. Also not hard to change it. So what is it? It's not hard to change it if you. No, it's not hard to change it, but it's hard to remember to change it. Ah, there is the rub. I either is the rub. Yeah, rub this. Let's take it. 8090. So we need to leave 10. Well, that's what I said. I'm going to go. We need 10 and now. 8091. 8091 and now we need a mirror. No, I votes. So you get to nine hundred. Of course people out there are asking themselves. Why does he make such a big stimulus about this? Well, who cares whether we get because it because I want to. Okay, because that's me. That's me. I want to be me, okay. I want to be me. Me me me me me me me me. And Mimi Rogers and that was ginger rod. Mimi Rogers. You know who used to say that that's screaming Mimi. Oh, that's what he's screaming Mimi. You're out there listening to Mark tomorrow. Okay, I hope you're gagging on your lunch. gag on this. You miserable old fart. We got like them a lot though. Sure. Yeah, the hell you did. And do you ever have any deemies with him or anything? No, nothing bad. I'm going to get out of here. I'm serious. You're here to want to go along with him, huh? I didn't not get along with him. You did not. See, even that he puts into a negative kind of. I'm not going to get into discussion at the moment. Okay, he is what he is. Okay, it's like I was talking about what you find in the ground in the backyard when he have dogs. He is what he is. A bomb or votes. We need what? Seven. Four. Four. You ready? Ninety six. Pick up six. Eight. Ninety. Let me see. I just clicked that baby. And, oh. And it went to blue now. Don't you hate when it does that. And it's eight, ninety six. Like you said, four more, baby. You can do it. Get to nine hundred. Chris will be really proud. He's going to make nine hundred dollars. All month. You don't make no. Yeah, you make more nine. He'll bucks a month. Yeah, I'm month. Yes. You'll pay me. Because I'll get depressed. And then of course, people who aren't making any money, they lay a guilt trip on me. Look at all that money. Yeah, well, I'm 100 years old. I've been doing this for eight thousand years. Some day when you're old and get gray, you know, maybe you'll be making some money, although probably not. But you never know. You might fall into a bucket of stuff. That's what happened to me. I fell into a bucket of stuff. I don't even fade. This is capital Hill Blue. And I'm going to read it. But then then we get all of this said. So if you're writing a clock notebook. confused now. I'm like time he's been thrown way off. Because we got 17 minutes. In fact, I've got to go on city pulse right now. Get that atomic clock going. Make sure I know what else going on here. It's just, yeah, it's just a throw away. 12 18 49. So it's coming up on 12 19. So we're just 16 minutes away. Now who the hell was that? That wasn't one of the raptor. Raptors one last night by the way, there's still live. Any interest? No. Including by me, I could cure us. But there's still life. Like that, Janet was thinger just played standalone. There's the raptor's got a white guy and a team looks pretty good too. I've got to get out on the streets and find him. Those big tall guys, they're very intimidating. You know, I'm talking about big tall seven foot guys tend to be very intimidating. 899 Chris eat your heart out. Eat your parts out. Here we go. I'm clicking on once more and we got 900. Change it now. Change it fast. Switch that post. Switch that pull. I just switched it. Okay. Okay. Now let's see if I, well, you don't even know what's going on. You don't know what I'm doing here right now. Okay. This is very important. I want to make sure that I switched it right at 900. View previous. I'm going to print it out and I hope it's like exactly 900. There's the Ranger Buffalo game in the ranges looked out. Buffalo got screwed by a lindy rough ought to be like shooting people today. ought to be really pissed off and fired up. View the current pool. I better hold on and get it started to midnight. Favorite theme song. What's the one that George hates all the time? Good times. No, that's not my favorite. I like the Jefferson's though. Anybody don't like the Jefferson's are we moving on up? Anybody don't like that theme song from the 70s? No. Nobody don't like that theme. Nobody don't like that show except Tom Jicka. He thought it was a racist show. Bald hit a Tom Jicka. Jesus. God. Talk about lacking in sense of humor. Okay. Let's see how many votes we got at the SNN. That's not a single one. Whoever who ever voted at the SNN, they were probably trying to be nice to us to try to be the 900 vote and how they held with they know. They're not psychic. They can't tell so they turned out to screw all up. 901. So Chris gets a dollar. Give it to him a girl. Chris gets a dollar. I don't got one. They had you done. I don't. Now how are you doing? Are you making any money these days or what? Because I know they really screwed you over bad there once upon a time they make up for that or what? I don't know if you'd call them make up for it but you know. They're they're slowly maturely they're coming around. We're coming up bucks. Not too much. Not they don't want to overdo. It's like it would buy and they don't want to overdo it. You know if you get a spin for 100 next time you get like 25 or 30. They don't want to overdo it. They don't want to get carried away and then it goes like 600 bucks without another spin. I could go through a whole thing about that wheel of fortune. It's just the wheel of torture. I could have wheel someday. Here's the pull result. If I had to live among the Amish, I don't know how it gets through a day without 9101 votes. Oh electricity 345. A computer 113 old bean. Cold beer 91. I am Amish. So what's FMI doing in the computer answering this pull 81 fake votes there? Fake airzass. Make believe. Like how my footy would say it's only make believe. Trust me. A TV 71 porn 67. A refrigerator 31. A card 26. Casual close 21. Custings 17. A radio 12 cell phone 10 and iPod 6. How could I get through it with an iPod? Snickers 5. A CD player 3. A DVD player DVD player and guess what fast food in the microwave still got the big. I don't know how fast food. Microwave. I guess you're a lot of people out there that ain't new can it. I use my new a lot. I don't know. I don't know. Enough. I knew for a lot. Good to have it there. And then of course if you like Chris then you puke a lot. And I turn on the radio. It makes me smile like a child. Neil Rogers on my radio. Neil Rogers on my radio. Neil God. Yeah. That's taking up these organizations. He's out to get our ratings bill. I'm ready for a corporation bill. I'll get these natural pay their bills. Oh, I think she's at the far away. That joy's just bitch. That's taking nasty bitch. Like the illusion of a baby. Who is the reward song? Please do me a little bit. She's not the trigger pass of all. Oh, I think she fell this what you say. That joy's just bitch. That white and smelly bitch. She's a flower of love. Don't look after her very young. I'll look at she from afar. She's ready for Neil Rogers show up. I can't even help him. Isn't that what I'm saying? I'm looking for that as she's a boy. She take them all up and by one. Oh, right. All of a thing. I'm just saying that bitch away. I'm a dresser bitch that's thinking she's taking this. Hey, man, all of that is all I can say. Hey, man, if somebody we know would say, and that would he would say, A, man, to that. I think everybody in the building would say, a, man to that. And the audience would say, a, man to that too, bitch. But anyway, we can't say duty bag, but other than that, I can't play no fart sounds. And can't play this and can't say that. 44 votes already at a Mars pool. 51 votes. Now, let me just finger this out. Okay, stop and think about this. 901 and 51 is 952, right? That would be correct. So in other words, if we, we would have put that push out. If we had another 40 votes, we could have made by a 1235. Especially if I knew we were going to be on the 1235, we could have made a thousand today. Wow, well, you got some repeat voters now. See, we don't care about that. We don't like knit figures on this show. Mr. Interlomer, we appreciate your being there today. However, that being said, but out. Not to running a parade. Yeah, you're peeing on our parade, Mr. See. There's the Joyce influence right now. He was said not to peeing your parade, but because he's afraid Joyce is going to get him. He said not to rain on your parade. How about REIG and Reagan? Oh, and how come they're like making him into some big semis. Now, you see all this stuff about Reagan? And what are they releasing his memoirs? He's a lot of other releases. His stool specimens, something, I don't know. Like Oliver said, he was some kind of great leader, some kind of visionary, some kind of, you know, we said a stooge in a fool and a white wing lunatic and a palm of the right wing fundamentalist, all of these things. And of course, I'm not going to let's talk into that. Okay, because we got important stuff coming up. Okay, we got the Paralypress Conference, which is probably going on right now, but we're not carrying it. Don't you feel like we're letting the people live with the public down, including, yeah, we could have had them on for five minutes. Then they know something that's good thinking. I mean, you talk to her and say, we could have carried five minutes and then we're going to chop that off. So, hey, nobody cares about this. Grant, they got swept by the bulls in forestry. Let's go to the importance of the Marlins who haven't been, you know, statistically eliminated yet. Yeah. And they actually want a couple of enroll. They're taking on the Mexican New York today. And it's sunny and it's like 60 and it's beautiful and the sun is shining at the Shazine. I've been to Shazine Stadium. I don't think I ever want to go back. I've been to Yankee Stadium. I've been to Fenway Park. I've been to many of your last years. I was a type of stadium in the old one in Detroit. Aren't you proud of me? I've been to, I've been to a Forbes field in Pittsburgh. I would love to go home as it all fields. Why? I would love to go visit all this fields. And we're going, of course, really, field in Chicago. I've been there, man. I've obviously been there. Been to man again, it really field. You obviously have been there just because you're from Chicago. Yeah, thank you. If I'm from Chicago and I'm with the right anybody in the right mind, move from Chicago to South Florida. That's what I like to tell you. I'm kind of friendly if you got crazy people. Crazy people moving, that's like people let's say, oh, I'm from my LA and I moved to South Florida. I think of myself, not that LA is any great shakes. You understand that. But I asked myself that musical question that I can't answer. And it's like, I keep asking myself that over and over. Are these people crazy? Are they massive? This is, oh, is it a slug thing? So let's see how managers name Pancho Gonzalez is. It's pretty. Pancho Gonzalez, the pre-game show come up. And every got the marlins in the mats. And one tendency, you say, says, what a five of my skills. Well, we're going to horse-wet parents to the parking lot after the game. And after the game, the less said the better. Don't you catch my dress? Alright Steven. I'll be here. I like it. I'll be at you. Oh, my lord. Maybe you do. Maybe at you. I'll go. Oi. Oh. Oh. I'll go to the office. My fiance is gay. I'll go to the office. Me and Marlos. Are you all right?