Hi, Captain Eddie here for Eastern Financial Florida Credit Union. Some bags aren't too happy to see you. Especially if you start whining and yelping about high interest rates on loans. So you better leave on over to Eastern Financial where a home or auto loan cost less each month because they're not for profit. Not for profit means you pay less each month. So that even dayd grader Palm Beach, you can join. Always glad to see you. It will help in lender join today Eastern Financial Florida Credit Union at youconjoin.com. Bounce on small business simplifies your voice data and network experience. So you can stay focused on what's important to you. Bounce now offers the ease of one stop shopping, reliability and stability. All on the services your business needs all on one bill with significant savings. You will have the expertise on your side without Bounce on small business experts. Bounce on small business will work closely with you to quickly create solutions that are right for your small business. Call Bounce out now at 866-497-save or go to bell-sound.com. So when you're ready to get everything you need for one company. Just go with Bounce now listening and answering. So biggest means the best talent is the Canyon Bowmorty Show. Oh it's a pleasure. I really mean that a pleasure when I say a pleasure. It's not the pretty good style of spreading. Plus it's an over-the-bottle champagne. You have to spend a little thin after the win. Yes, yeah. The coach is a guy. I don't know. He's got me a bottle of champagne. We split it seven ways so we could be. We just got about an empty. 7-10. Sports radio 5-6. We love Q-A-M. So biggest means the best talent is the Bigger World Land of Wales of Gary. Mornings 5-7. Sports radio 5-6. Q-A-M. Bigger here for the finest beer in the business. President-day imported beer and listened for years. I've been telling you about my favorite beer. President-day the finest beer in the business. Well now I want to talk to you about the best life beer in the business. President-day light. Tradition continues. President-day light is a smooth tasting beer with lots of character. It's the way light beer should taste. Smooth, bold, and with the character you've come to expect from President-day. Let's face it folks. The beer industry. It's full of water down light beers. But President-day light is a full body light beer. So on your way home today, stop by the supermarket and treat your friends family. And how about yourself to the finest light beer in the business. President-day light. The full body light beer. What an amazing combination. The choice is yours. President-day and President-day light. It's the Bigger's choice. It's the best choice. President-day or President-day light. Don't sound small business simplifies your voice data and network experience. So you can stay focused on your business. So when you're ready to get everything you need from one company, just go with Bell South, listening, answering. Welcome to W2A.com to play Hakes. Pick the police contest. Excuse me, Mr. Webb. I think the winner of the feature race, everybody with Gulf Stream Art. He takes pick the Police from Gulf Stream Art. And it's 4-3, you live 16. I know that the board even loves Neil Rogers. Hey, are you a pimple that just lost control of your whole back? Well, we learned a hot of pimping the holes. You add hose bag boot camp. Hey, damn. I'm going to do it. The hose bag boot camp. We teach you how to learn your whole bag to take orders just like this. Repeat after me. Hey, bizach. Hey, bizach. You best have my money or else. That's it. My money or else. Very good. Let's try that again. There are several other classes you can take to be a certified pin. Like I support you the whole. The inner pin. If it is easy, but it can be fun. It's really cool. It's a whole bag boot camp. Clashes are stuck in right away. So sign up now. To be the best pin you can be. 869, we are to the CH. Which all never FDRC. Alright, 1015, 60 WQM. Happy Wednesday. If all the fourth it's an early wood line Wednesday for some of us for years. Truly. And it's because we got the Marlin. The undefeated Florida Marlin's at 1230. That's right. They're looking good. Well, look who they're playing. Playing little girls team. Good. I'm not, what do I know? I don't pay any attention and I watch it. And I don't really care about it. But nevertheless, I do care when they're playing early like today. 1230, you're free game show at the War Clock 105 Marlins and the Washington Nats. Mm-hmm. And that bit I just play kind of ties in with today's pool, which I see is going to be extremely popular. 815 votes already. Everybody's talking around about it around here. Are they really? Yeah. Those personal correspondence in my space Ricky already waited and he said that's what he wants. Which by the way, your profiles is screwed up somehow. You can still get the messages from your, you know, right? Yeah. Our little problem we were having because I guess you're getting something and I'm getting every time I go on it. It just tells me to log in. Anything I click on your profile. Log in. Log in. There's somebody hacked into there. Yeah. But I mean, you can still get your messages and stuff. That is correct. I'm going to get my messages. The fact that people are, you know, anyway, and maybe you led into that because you're close personal friend Christopher, and that's Chris is close for a soul friend, Chris and Christopher, he doesn't exist. Then how do you like that? What did I say, right from the very beginning? Oh, I guess there's a possibility that he might exist, or that he got dumped off of there by my space. But I don't think so. Isn't it? You think it's just a coincidence that today was the day that his great friend Gwen was going to come in and bring you guys food, and she was going to like massage your ego and yadia. Well, he doesn't exist. His profile no longer exists. So my assumption is that Christopher and her and then a kid named make believe kid named funky e-m-ark. Is that it's all the same person? Not to mention Nisha, baby, who's another fakeer who somehow got into my thing there into my profile. I just, just the way it is, you know, all the game players all the time is now what it's all about. That's what it's all about. Not just my space, but they will earn it full of game players, people hacking and wacking and whatever. And with 836 votes on that pool already, it's going to be a mammoth gigantic response. And even though we're having early show at 1230, we'll make 1000 easy. Even Chris is sitting back with a big smile on his smug post, aren't you? Oh yeah, definitely. I hope you guys know more coming on Gwen bringing you any food today. I hope you got your regular ordering. Oh, we're going to now. Yeah. Yeah, good. Well, you don't have to sound so depressed. No, no. You don't have to see a chick, but, you know, you've seen one. President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said today that Iran will free the 50-10 British sailors and Marines as they give to the British people. Happy Easter. Happy Paisach. From Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. All right. He parted the sailors and asked they'd be released following a news conference with his with his conference, which he pinned a medal on the chest of the Iranian Coast Guard commander who intercepted the sailors and Marines in northern Gulf on March 23. And the last Medinejad said Iran will never accept trespassing of territorial waters. We have a great Iranian people. I began half of all these stone age ragheads. He said, I want to thank you Iranian Coast Guard who courageously defended and captured those who violated their territorial waters. We were sorry that British troops remained in Iraq and their sailors are being arrested in Iran. As Medinejad said, I just am reading this because number one people were afraid the world's going to come to an end and we're going to like Newcomer or something. And number two, I like saying, I'm from Medinejad. I just, I get like a sexual thrill from that. Medinejad. He criticized Britain for deploying leader Seaman Faye Turnney, one of the 15 detainees in the Gulf pointing out that she is a woman with a child. How can she be a Seaman and she's a lady with a child? Well, whatever. How can justifies seeing a mother away from her home or children? Why don't they respect family values in the West? He asked for the British government. Yeah. That's right. Why don't they treat the women well? I can notice Muslim countries where they walk around with those jerka burkers on all the time and God forbid that they should open up a mouth and say anything. They can open up a mouth but not to say anything. Well I'm telling you we're going to like, we're going to resume over a thousand even by 1230. Absolutely. Isn't that phenomenal? What did you just say? Absolutely. I'm sure that's what you said. So what you're trying to tell me about that other thing is if going to require some additional effort on my part to, I don't know, I don't even have a problem with it. Well, it might require a new profile. Everywhere I click, it's not just anywhere you click on your profile. To me, I get a login. Yeah. And that was me logged in as well. Just log out. Don't go be reading my personal messages on there and get them all involved with my personal friend. Listen, I'm all set man. I don't care. Oh, let's see. Who was it? Oh, Ricky. Ricky has become a real good buddy of mine on. Here's a good guy. Even though he hates you like poison because you turned them down. He weighed back in the beginning. He's been on our long time. More than last few days we started like really confagulating, getting really close. I turned. I turned them down. That's what he said. You wanted me to go back and go back and go? Oh, what do you mean like as a friend? As a friend. Oh, you know, I only accept people that I personally know. Don't take any offense, Ricky. Sorry. Yeah, Ricky said I'm taking any offense even though Josh is new. He said you're an A whole or something like that. If I had like the Josh Cortis, you know, when I was on the show page, that would be different. But I don't. It's like my personal page. What do you mean by that? Well, then where did he ask to be your friend? I'm sure he had a lot. I've gotten a lot of friend requests from the show when I was on it. But I just deny him. I don't know him. You deny this? Yeah, but I mean, you don't know them. I don't know these people either. Yeah, but what? But it's the Neo Rodgers show. The Neo Rodgers show. I'm legendary for Chris. Neo Rodgers show page. You want as many friends on there as you, you know, as you can get it. It's a promotion. No, no, I do not. If I did that, I'd approve everybody. I wouldn't turn anybody down. Well, like a little punky kids like 13, 14 years old, I'm not going to approve that. Or these people that are peddling their, we was bagged or whatever the hell of promoting on it. Obviously, I just mean regular people. We don't deny regular people fast to be your friend on the Neo Rodgers show. Yeah, we're like the real people. But again, what does that mean? They look like they're regular people. Are we going to get bogged down on this again on the day when we got a big Marlins game coming up at 1230, who cares about their freaking Marlins and stupid ass baseball? It's boring. Hey, there, too, no. No, I just mean like regular people that are fans of the show. Why would you deny that? Because it's the Neo Rodgers show page. Let me say it again. Christopher is a classic example in DC from Hollywood floor to Legitley or Fort Lauderdale. Or what would it be? It was allegedly from. He doesn't exist. And it didn't I say that right from the very beginning. Love, let me give you, let me give you the clues to look for it. If you're on any of these kinds of my space or your face or my place or whatever. That is if somebody's profile page has got like no real people, all basically celebrities and maybe one or two people they keep saying, oh, you see, what's your name? She knows me. Yeah. And that's what he was always doing. But there's no real people on the profile. It's all like celebrity. Anybody can create a fictitious profile page with a bunch of celebrities, right? Yeah. That's one of the clues to look for. Number two, when somebody starts denying that they're bogus, you know what that usually means? That means the bogus. You follow what I'm saying? Not somebody gets all defensive and saying, oh, how come you're questioning me? Next thing you're going to be asking for a phone number and they're shoes out. That's usually a bogus person. I just mentioned that in passing. So you're saying, well, you'll prove anybody, yeah, it's a listener that wants to be a friend of the show because we got 137 by the way, I'm thinking there's anything to chat me about that. And that's even with a couple of deletions I had to get off of there. And also with Christopher vanishing, it'll then profile no longer exists. Don't you love when you see that and then got all the excess through the picture and you want to delete this and go ahead and waste your time, you know, whatever. That doesn't have to do you think it's just a coincidence that it happened to the day before the night before Gwen was supposed to come into me to guys with the food. Mysterious fictitious Gwen. Now it would really be something if Gwen does show up. If I was a listener, I'd be listening all the way to the trial 30 just to find out if Gwen exists and shows up and brings you guys an envisioner which I make her eat some of the food before I taste it. I'll have Chris to a first. Huh? Yeah, you're going to be. Yeah, bring in. Yeah, let him taste it. Peace of crap, all these phony's on here, all these computer hackers and idiot. Ed just. What does that say? 13 every 60 votes on yesterday's poll. I wish I had more time to. I thought I was pretty good. Not as good as the one today though. The one today is going to be just going to go zooming up there about, you know, sluts and I think your, I think Josh is very wrong and it's in fact the poll bears that out. Really, I've had a lot of people agree with me around. No, they don't. No, they say that girls go on a way to the first day of the best. I buy a green. I agree with him. What I'm just business of this business of well, you want to take your home to mom on all that. Yeah, basically all this mama know whether or not she put out on a first night. You tell your mother, well, if you're having sex with your girlfriends, you know, you guys do all I'm saying is it's if I if I you know, sleep with a chick on the first night, I'm not going to. I'm not going to take her seriously. I'm not going to be like, oh, she's I got a girlfriend. She's not you'll take her real seriously. Okay, you'll take it as serious as you give it. Believe me. Unless you're some kind of a. You're fair. Well, no. I'll take. I'm just assuming this is obviously territory way outside my territory of waters, but it just it just doesn't seem to be its rocket science. I've never less can I get to be before we embark on that because I know we're going to argue about this all the way to the ball game, which is good. I do have an article by Doug Thompson reading, and then after that, I think we can just argue about sluts and bitches and holes and stuff like that. I wish I had more time to vacation 246. Have sex one, 97. How about having sex on vacation sounds like a really sounds like a plan. Sure. I wish I had more time to smell the roses. Somebody could have been 123. Relax 123. What is this exciting? You're got my camp guy coming at 12.3 to take me early to woodbines, right? I can start losing right away. We should have more time to enjoy with my kids, hundred and nineteen. To exercise 105. I wish I had more time to do. I hate this poll 80 9.069 percent. Which had more time to sleep 87. Oh, you will someday you will believe me. You'll sleep a long dirt nap. So enjoy your life right now. Stay to hell wake. I wish I had more time to enjoy with my spouse 69. Hmm. Spend outdoors 49. I wish I had more time to read 44. Well, I mean, if I had you on a scale of 50,000, that's way down near the bottom of my priority sitting around reading a book. Even though there's some very like that book you were talking about yesterday about the bush family. I wish I had more time to work 35. I wish I had more time to work for you. People must be doing something really productive. I'm sure it's all not. I wish I had more time to party 34. Surfa in the net 14. Spend on my space 12. Listen to music 9 and watch TV. Still only 5. It started out with 5 minutes to say that 5 minutes. They don't want to watch no more TV. Let's see what's the dancing with the stars in the American eye. You're all set for the week. Am I right? You're all set. Oh yeah. 12 minutes after 10 at 5. 60 WQM. We got the schedule. Here's the Marlins on deck at 12. 30 Marlins at the Washington, Nats. Looking to make it 3 in the world 105. Early baseball. Baby. The power hour with a hump or solo. Hank Goldberg 4 to 6 30. Then you got you in baseball at FIU at 7 o'clock in any K from 10 to midnight. Or after the ball game till midnight. Whatever. Which is a nice bonus for you. We don't just start the ESPN radio like 10 o'clock at night like a lot of nights. When we played everybody just to turn the thing off and we'll shut the transmitter down. And by the way, even though the engineer was a good guy, Greg my engineer from our guy was here earlier. No, that's right. We're not cutting out, right? No, we're not. Last night it was again. And I thought, oh boy, it's a good thing it's cutting out because when he comes in here, at least he'll see what's going on. And this morning it was fine. And when he got here, he checked a couple of things. He checked for loose wire, z, all the other stuff. And it said, yes, probably down there. It's probably down there. You don't want to down there, don't you? I'm sure you do. I'm sure you've looked. This is I with the students. And in the Coltsmith died accidentally from a lethal net. So contaminated pet food, according to autopsy results released today. Authorities and Florida say, Spiss Dap was not suicide. But we would apparently try to coax her dog into eating. So she ate some of the food herself. She began sick and started vomiting and falling at the mouth. The dog also got sick. Spiss Dap has led to the recall of 95 brands of doggy pet food. Well, and now that little drop in, I played there just before the bit. That was the sound of people tuning up to radio's. But of course, that was during exhibitionisties and not during regular season like today. Again, that counts for something. You know, out of 162. That's right. Wow. And how about those make beliefs that had to go over time to beat the lowly Philadelphia fires to keep their slim and pathetic playoff hopes to lie last night. Pretty embarrassing. In fact, Greg B. Engineer here from the fan was telling me about how they don't prolonging a playoff. And you're right, Greg. He's a good guy. Too many out of waste is time coming. And I'm always nice seeing him. You know, and he crawled around and he checked out the wires. And of course, Chris right there is telling me, oh well, maybe it's a loose wire. You know, and he said the same thing to me, you said if it was a loose wire wouldn't like fix itself all of a sudden go back for hours and hours. You know, and Mike, didn't you say, I might be a loose wire yesterday? Or it sounded like it might be a loose wire type thing? I said, that's the sound of it. But I didn't say that's what it was. I was trying to give people an idea of what it sounded like when something cuts in the mouth. Okay. That's what I said. Listen, I'm not giving you, you're not getting paid to be an engineer. You're not even paid to do what you're doing hardly. So exactly. We give you all, we give you all the slack you can, you can use. Look at the number of votes on this pool. 888. Uh-oh. That's bad. See, I've got some lines for that. And of course, it's a sex pool. Let's start doing a lot more sex pools. Even though we can't talk about sex, because Joyce Leather never has break down. Because she finds it to be disgusting and grotesque act. And oh, it's fully fair. You know. But it's, uh, and we give Josh Cortis all the credit in the world for this, because you're the one that started this. I was saying, it was about your Russian girlfriend, which I really probably should apologize for getting much to personal and much to, you know. Intrusive on the ear. I don't really care. Really? Well, then let's hear about it. Oh, I mean, you had this. Oh, well, some guys do care. You know, they're very protective of those kinds of things. And the other guys who just, you know, want to talk about a bump, a bump, a bunch is kind of interesting. Even though it will affect like me, it's always amusing. Gros to go all the way in the first date are, and we have 800 day. I've been to my click of the answer. It'll be over at 90, 891. All my God. Gros to go all the way in the first date are the best 244. See, now before I go and we'd do results here, which totally makes you full of cramp. No, it doesn't. Oh, listen. I'm going to ask you both a question. When a heterosexual young guy, he needs your guy early 20s. Whatever, however old you are. Even an older guy goes on a date with some chick. Now, is he looking for a life partner, in other words, when you meet somebody and say, Hey, what you like to go into a movie with me, or you like to go to the mall shop, like the East Island, or the years ago, is he looking for a life partner? I mean, doesn't that evolve out of an over a period of time that you get close to somebody and you decide that, you know, I don't think he does. Well, there you go. So what is it that you're looking for? If Susie is in your junior class in high school. You're wrong with you. Well, you can I finish the question. Okay. If Susie is in your junior class, and Susie is a hot young chick. She's like 17 and she's hotter. And I'm bad. Yeah, 17. Well, she's a junior. She'd be 17, but then you're 17. That's still legal. And you ask her to go out on a date. What is it that you want to do? What is it that you're hoping that Susie will do on that date? What's that to me? What? What? Check me. Yeah, I see. It's like a little bit late. Is what you want. You're hoping that Susie cooperates that first. You want to have to go through a whole succession of dates, declining and dining and going to movies and pretending that you want to get like go, Oh, cosy. Cosy, uh, cosy with Susie, you know, right. You're your arch my language. I'm going to get a little dangerous. I'm like, I'm wrong. You're right on, I said, oh, so that's the problem. So if you get what you're looking for and Susie's exactly what the doctor ordered, is there something wrong with that? This is about well, she's not the kind of girl I want to take home to mom. I mean, I wouldn't date her. How are you gonna do? Are you gonna sit down and say hey, ma. Here's Susie. She's a real sweet girl But well, she screw your brains out on the first night. Is that are you gonna say that to mom? No, I'm just kind of a 17-year-old kid Is gonna tell mom who he's Betting down. Nobody but the fact is is if that happened on the first night I'm not gonna take her shows out. I'm gonna continue to shag her, but I'm gonna look for other chicks as well. You know what I'm saying? Because for what she's a ho, you know, whatever first night, you know, what if she's what if she Have she's a good cook? She's very friendly. She's nice. She's polite. She's got a good she's intelligent young lady Well, what's wrong with that? What is it that you want that's gonna be so perfect? Somebody that keeps resisting until you practically are worn out from you know begging no, that's not what I want I just you know if far as it's just a rule a lot of guys Really mom, I mean what is she good is mom? I'm gonna do something with her for Christ's sake. I sure hope not Why you keep bringing up my for Christ? Because you're the one that said Chris and I right did he said he said he's not willing to hold them up Isn't her man? It's her mom. It's a term. Maybe mom might be interested in some ho. How do you know? I don't know if my ask her maybe she might be interested might might be something we're talking about You do a whole show on that we can do a whole week's where the show's on that I Mean to eat look I'm not one of those people who judge mental for me It's for an old pervert like me and old fag pervert know. Yeah, you judge mental But let me just say this I don't I really don't know what you're talking about I don't know what you're talking about well, let's see what the audience says here's 900 one nine hundred and one votes It's not even in 10 30 yet and we got nine hundred one vote 105 votes they're coming in a big chance because the guys want it They want to know where they find this check. That's what they want to know. They don't give a crap What you think about Susie they want to know where she is and let's pretend Susie's 18 now She's legal for everybody. Okay Girls who go all the way in the first date are the best 248 are what I'm looking for 199 even you admitted that yeah Just want a good time 143 rare 95 Is that true are they rare well it depends what's so I'm leaving it out with how about well done I guess they be well done We're often done huh well done. That's cute not that funny just cute slots 87 oh Hoes 44 see it's a good thing I put those two different words under because you you want to do the whole word Well, that's what I said so I voted for Slots 87 hoes 44 I hate this poll only 38 4.1 percent they love it because it has to do with S.E. X baby it has to do with the old up and down in and out and the round about Girls who go all the way to first date are drunk 36 when I swam away to apply them a little bit of blues a little bit of wine Right for those guys look and that's how you do it and disgusting 15 well They could they could be disgusting or not. I don't know what they look like Now this is really make I mean, you know, I mean, I'm not saying a bow wow You know, obviously you have to be really desperate. You don't want to know bow wow. Yeah, you don't want to go hog and Yeah, I love whole hog No, but if it was somebody that was like margin looking and they were gonna go ah, you know, and you were horned you know What tell with you care? Hey drink till she looks good man. There you go. That's it That's it. We're all the way around you give her enough drinks while I guess she didn't need it Well, we can argue about this like I said we only got two more hours till the pregame show and all I can say to that is Halle Lua There is a god God good morning Americans. It's Paul Harvay stand by for news Two board casino dealers Fred and Pete We're waiting at the crap stable when a hot blonde woman walked up and That $20,000 on a single roll of the dice. I hope you don't mind she said But fellas, I feel much luck here while I'm completely nude She strips naked and rolls the dice and as they come to a stop she jumps up and down and screams I won I won She then hugs both the dealers picks up her money and her clothes and quickly leaves The dealers Starring each other dumbfounded Finally Pete says well, what did she roll anyway Fred says? I don't know why thought you were watching Now page two Billy is writing an attacksy cab when he taps the driver on the shoulder to ask him a question The driver screams bloody murder loses control of the cab and swirves on top of a sidewalk before stopping just inches from a lamp post After checking to make sure Billy is okay the driver says I'm sorry, but you scared the day lights out of me Apologizing Billy says I didn't realize a simple tap on the shoulder would freak you out so much To which the driver responds it's not your fault today is my first day driving a cab after 25 years of driving a her's Paul Harvey good day Good day. So I have some more bad news regarding this hacking of my of our private page here in a bubble And that is that I see on the you know how the bottom right hand court will show you have a message from this one from Brandon There were two messages that popped up there, but they didn't show up they didn't come through So I just sent him a message and he's gonna have to you know if he wants to communicate his feelings about this Paul which I'm sure everybody does you know everybody's gonna pin you but that thing is screwed up So I don't know what I'm gonna get messages on there or not as the case may be. How do you like that? Well good love to you What does that mean you're supposed to be the computer rights for you supposed to like snap your fingers right now Say somebody has a computer in my space account line somebody hacked into your my space account In fact, here's another new one that's supposedly coming up. Yeah, and so what does that mean so I can't receive my messages? No, you can receive your messages your profiles screwed up though Let me say a way to know what I'm just did come through how do you like that? It says you need to go I already did I already did reset the passwords and then go remove Oh, geez might need to do a new profile You think so? Thanks so well how the hell we're gonna do that? Maybe we could do that before the short amount That would be fun I see You need to go and reset the passwords on both of these yati Well, we set the password. They didn't do a damn thing and I'll see more so although this message can't tune all what's that all about What is that all about huh? That that that I mean it's not it's one of those things. It's just annoying is what it is yes annoying and aggravating. Okay. Let's get back to the pool and forget about my space in your place because the audience hates that like for his anyway There's just too busy a digital with it nine hundred and 33 votes We got a shot of being very close on the verge of a thousand by the top of this hour Forget about by 1231 as stupid as ballgame comes on and stupid as by the way is the understanding of the century Oh, you're wrong Neil. Oh, there's Ahmedine and John he's a freeing those 15 British troops The world will not come to an end this weekend. Maybe a couple weeks after certainly not on Easter weekend. That would be bad. Oh Wouldn't it be bad? We all got Neil on Easter weekend. Yes, it would I'm sure there gonna be a lot of people getting Neil on Easter weekend I'll bet you that but anyway Girls speak in my girls. Why do I keep reading this poll over and over again? Huh? They're into it cuz what you're obsessed I'm obsessed I'm obsessed with this poll. Oh my god You're fair. Well that'll be the day is buddy Holly would say so how come that last message? Brandon sent came through. Don't you find that little big bizarre? I do this technical hygiene Logings man here you want to try something real quick. What is that go to edit profile? Which is gonna be next to your picture? Well wait a minute wait a minute. I gotta go back to home Edit profile yeah, then hit safe edit modes come out on top right side Hit one on This is gonna edit billions. Yeah big two the non-ins for this safe edit mode. Okay now click on the images tab Yes, I've done all of those things images. Yes. Is there any images that I'll just coming up as like an X? There's no actual picture there. There's any pictures there at all. No, there's the picture the main picture that should be there is there and nothing else And nothing else are not click on the comments Comments this sucks is what my comment is oh when there's there's Brandon oh there's his messages Or my girl say he'll take care of it just send him your information What my girl just walked in and said he'll take care of this for you just send him your information for this page He's our my face this is the same reasons that come. It came up this is this is not the stuff he sent before The stuff he sent before says a YouTube but a beep but a boop with his picture Shockwave flesh all this other crap on or what what is that? So there's something in there that shouldn't be there delete it What do you mean but what do you mean there's something in there shouldn't be there? What does that mean? Oh, delete it. Yeah, I deleted it. I deleted it that might be how the people were hacking into your account Get out of here. That was a message that was just all bald up. What are you talking about? I thought I thought that Josh was supposed to be the computer expert Not all my space the girls are computer expert The mice face for what the mice face You know he's doing promotions what else is he oh wait a minute now here come on another message See that thing comes in a bottom right hand corner. This is not good radio. This is this is horrendous radio This is bad it kills him good time though before the ball game. Is that what we're here for? Sure, so I can get paid a lot of money and we can kill some good time before the ball game Okay, you must honestly here's that suspected web forgery thing keeps coming up Would you try to get Josh to tell me how to get rid of that he can't do it. I don't even just see it But you know I can see it and now it says server error Was unable to complete your request. Oh holy moly. This is aggravating yourself I think I probably ought to do this during the break and not on the year. Don't you? Yeah, eventually the audience is fascinated with this Do you think Well, this is extremely agitating to me. I'll take that right now This is unnecessary and unacceptable and it's all got to do with your good friend Christopher Here's another message from freakin brains and a message is left and right and I got him as a matter of fact There's one two more so now they're coming through And the audience is read the na heavy sigh of relief saying thank God for that because we don't want to listen to another two hours of this garbage Of this crap of this silly old queen worrying about getting messages from his buddies out there and in radio land Well, sure I do I'm worried about that Wouldn't you be yeah? At any rate. Okay, let's go back to the pool and during the break. I'll read whatever a crap brand in the center me here Just calm down brand and you message it to come through now just loud and clear Girl's a go all the way to first date r nine hundred and forty seven votes the votes are pouring in on this because we're out there to one thing It's 23 me four eleven We're gonna be right on the verge of a thousand by the top of the art then you'll fear me then you realize legendary isn't just a word The best 267 girl's a go all the way to first day out of the best 267 what I'm looking for two oh nine Isn't that what every head of a sexual guy is looking for? They're not looking for somebody to wine and die and roll man since shoes and you know go on for days and days and weeks and months before finally maybe you know Just want a good time hundred and forty eight Girls just wanted a good time is that what they say? Okay, rare 96 or medium rare 96 slots 89 Who is 47 I hate this poll only 39 4.1 percent drunk 37 and Disgusting only 15 In fact some of them might be in fact maybe that's why you know some of this disgusting once nobody wants to go all the way on the first time the second time of the Probably there wouldn't be a second time. Would you think Now if it's a bad situation For like a blind date and it's not to be disgusting in some girl test Pigs some nauseating smelly thing that like oh has been bathed in six months something like that disgusting I don't think it would be a second day. I'd never been on a blind date really never You Who you asking not me oh your who is asking yeah and Have you been on a blind date? No I Mean what what's the whole point of that going on a blind date? I now I can see though would you call going on a blind date? Some of the middle like I'm one of these internet like my space in these things is that a blind date? I don't know Blind dates were you basically like no Yeah, if you see pictures of the person and then you know you have a oh so Otherwise if you see pictures of the person you believe that's what the person really looks like is that what you're telling me huh? Huh? Well, not necessarily On your experiences, but yeah, oh brother. Yeah, the person looks like a 20 year old hot chick and then all of a sudden turned out to be like some 45 year old Whatever War now it used up 45 looking like 65 you know exactly what I'm talking about some like some Portuguese washerwoman 955 Oaks on the pool. This is something that all these guys are looking for right now oh I hear your name, I hear your name, maybe just straight Look at all my gold of your friends that I've got so far Crumbling on my mind, fooling on my mind All the time, if you're not alive, you're gonna find me, maybe just you can't know that Look at my mind, fooling on my mind I'm giving hope to the desperate and lonely Even though I'm maybe in where to be home, please You'll never know what's my reason for nothing but life True in our mind, fooling on my mind, fooling on my mind All the time, if you're not alive, you're gonna find me You're gonna find me, maybe just you can't know that Look at my mind, fooling on my mind, fooling on my mind All the time, if you're not alive, you're gonna find me Okay, 1046, 14, 4, 11 and 5, 16 All the technical situations all the time, it's either on the air or it's in the monitor Or it's on the whatever, on the internet See, we're thinking that all of this is so wonderful, it's new technology It is, it might work Isn't that really what it boils down to? Wait, is that? Well, I don't know once in a while, I mean, I've really had a minimal amount of problems And all these people say, oh, that might space, so you're just a nightmare Man, you're gonna have somebody, have a really had that many problems And I'll few here in the air, we know now Well, we got all kinds of geniuses working on it all done Don't worry, Miguel Brandon says it's all done All fixed, well, we'll see if it's all fixed during the next break I'm not doing any more than, if I ever start doing that on the air again My permission to just shut me right off I'm serious, I mean, that was just bad radio, it was a good test But it just, it makes you get nervous, you know, you don't want people Diddle them with your, when you're spacing your place in your face, you know? And I think it was Chris's good-like Christopher My who what? Wait, it was Josh's good-like Josh and his Russian girlfriend, that's who Christopher allegedly was, you know All, you know, you know, something, we have 1300 and seven friends on there I've got three, now I don't know I don't want Ricky to get nervous because he seems like he would go But I mean, I don't know, I'm sure he's for real And I might get FSU, that's four, okay, there's four people That I trust and know and believe are like for real and honest to God, you don't want to say him I'll be 10 10, 7. The right, we could have like 50 friends And the other 1300, for all of you the same 50 people, you know what I'm saying? You do understand what I'm talking about. Yeah, exactly what I'm talking about. I mean, anybody can make up any number of profiles and steal somebody else's pictures And patch gear around and fart around. Oh brother. Okay, okay, calm down, Brad, it says trust me, it's all over with him We're getting instant messaging, I'm getting text messaging, I'm getting a headache Thanks, Brandon, you're the best. It was a code they entered that is clear, so I see. Okay, well that should be all gone now. During the break like I said, I'll test it, but the audience doesn't want to hear me testing, testing they don't want anything to do with that thing. They want a puke from it. And I don't blame them. They want to concentrate on these slots, I mean these girls that go all the way in a first day. That's what they want to. I mean, I don't think you really answered my question. No, see, you're arguing with me on the wrong point. And what point should I be arguing with you? You're arguing with the poll, like I love girls that sleep with you on the first day. Yeah, I'm just saying that I'm not going to say that. That's why that's why you took them on in the first place. Don't ever tell me anything. You didn't take them off because you think they're sweet. And because you want to take them home to mommy. And one day you're going to marry them because I don't think you're going to marry somebody when you come right down to them or you talk. You're right. But there you go. But all I'm saying is if I sleep with a girl on the first day, I'm not. You'll never take you right again. No, I'm just saying that I'm not, I won't take our relationship series. Like if another girl comes up to me, like I have a serious relationship right now. It's the first one I've ever had in my life. But I'm going to see it like another girl came on to me. But I would in real, where's real also that the business has first is Christopher that's going to come on down and try to steal away your Russian girlfriend. That's great. But if another girl came up to me right now, I'd be like, I'm taking it. But if I slept with a girl on the first day, and I've been sleeping with her for like a month, I'm available. You know what I'm saying? You're not getting what I'm saying. I know exactly what you're saying. In other words, she doesn't own you. I just, yeah, I don't take it seriously. Yeah. I slept with her on the first day. Well, well, and if it was great, and if she's hot in the sack, and she looks great, that she's a nice person, then what would be wrong with like, I'm not saying I'm getting rid of her? What would be wrong with that? Because at least you know what's the sure thing every time you take her out. It's the sure thing. Sure. And I would continue to do it. Yeah. And why I'm what heterosexual guy wouldn't. Right, I'm just saying I wouldn't, you know, I wouldn't turn down there. It's like passing judgment. Like, well, you know, you're just too much about your, you're too loose for me, you know? Which, of course, we can get into a whole physical description of that which we better not cause I'm a good choice to get, you know, too loose, like, tracks. 977 votes on the pool. But it is, yeah, let's find the argument. Because I see that it would mean I can be really objective because I don't care. And with gay guys, it's like, I mean, is that even a question? Do you know what I'm saying? No. Is that even debatable? Do gay guys go on dates? I mean, I'm sure they do, but I don't want to go there. Grills are go off. I mean, just the concepts of it to me is so ludicrous, you know? I mean, you're not looking for someone to spend their rest of your life with. I might be. I don't know. In fact, I've got a social advisor who, after my vacation is supposed to, you know, make me help me make that decision. A social advisor? Oh, I'm just using. I'm just making up a solution. Is his name George? No, his name is not George. Do you think I would like George? Well, look, look, don't start getting personal with me. I'm going to spend. I'm going to old fart. OK, the rest of my life could be a week for all you know. No, I don't mean that you spend your time with George that he's your personal advisor. Oh, God forbid. That's what I just got through saying, no. No, George is not my personal advisor. And especially when you see George's relationship with his wife and that whole situation, and you've heard him talk about it for years. And you think I would like him help me make decisions about the rest of my life. A guy who's got like a living death wish. Well, what does he always say? He's a trapped. He's in a trap. Victor, but he always stands. That he's a victim. That's exactly correct. They've victim of circumcised, which I also am, but that was because the royal cutway to, you know, too short. But anyway, girls who go all the way on the first day are, we have 900, let me know if I should. Thanks, Brandon, by the way, if you fix that. So I don't know. Maybe you ought to tell me, go, just leave it alone, because I think if it's fixed. Leave it alone, Miguel. Yeah, leave it alone, Miguel. I'm the thing, too, and the poll. Leave the poll alone. Girls who go all the way to first day, we have 977 boats are the best 272, but I'm looking for 112. Just what? Just want a good time. 154. Rare 97. And that's something like an FM station. Rare 97, playing a bunch of songs that nobody ever heard of before. That would be rare playing right in. Where they could play so rare by Jimmy Dorsey. Song from before, both of you were born. Oh, you're so old, Miguel. That's correct. Slots 96, hose 49. There's nothing like a good garden hose. I hit this 443, 4.4%, girls who go all the way to first day, they are drunk 38. And then when they wake up in the morning, then they hate themselves. Oh, you got me all liquored up, but I shouldn't have done that. But it was pretty good though. And girls who go all the way to first day are disgusting 16. Out of 980 boats. What are I talking about? The top of the air when the little hand hits the big hand, we're going to be on the verge of a thousand already in the first hour. That doesn't happen to often, doesn't, which indicates to me. And Charlie B, if you want to continue, I don't want to be nasty to Charlie B, because he works as an ass off sending these poles. All the pools are about kneel. If kneel, far to the wrong flavor, does that mean he had a bad breakfast? Does that mean he's going to die in a week? You know, every of the things about kneel. Forget about kneel, Charlie. Get your own life. Send us in some sex pools. Those are the good ones. I do like this one that somebody sent in yesterday. When we're literally especially the certain food on certain days or for big you to eat them all, that is crazy aschmete is one of the choices. Yeah, don't be no trade. If it's still piss off, baby, don't be no pork products. Although I had my bacon this morning. And I was good. My crispy bacon. I just had some ham. Anybody that's stupid enough to eat certain foods on certain days. It's 2007. And a few people are that much of a bunch of lemons and fools and sheep and ostriches and flamingos. You ever see the flamingos at Hailea? Years ago? I've seen many flamingos, but I'm Hailea. Well, what they would do is they hit the flamingos in the infield by the tote board and the lake. And when it was feeding time, the the lugs zookeeper guy or what they would calm the flamingo keeper, he would blow a whistle. And they would like all start goose stepping into line. They all line up because they knew it was feeding time. It's like it's like they pat love. He enriesched with a dog. You know, the bell rings the dog starts salivating because he knows he's going to get fed. It's the same thing with people. They tell you, oh, well, don't eat this on such an such a day. And there are people stupid enough to do it. It's like today's the day you rub ashes on your forehead or on your ass head or whatever like that. Just stupid. That's the problem. Well, the biggest problem in the world. That's why these religions are still in business. And I do mean business because there's a lot of weak people. You hampered democratic primary voters. Look at that Clinton 27 Edwards 21 Obama 20 and Gorlevin. See, Edwards is getting that sympathy vote. He went up five points because his wife is about cancer. Isn't that a reason that you would vote for a candidate is because his wife has got breast cancer. And you feel sorry for him. Isn't that doesn't that make him the logical leader of the free world away? What used to be free? I would make all the sense to me. Although, swivelry don't have that big drug addict. I don't know. No, she's got the money. She got the money, honey. Now look at that. This says you can refresh the poll a lot faster because I can view current. Now, did Eric just put that up where did that come from? What's going on? I feel like I'm having a good experience. Yeah, that's brand new. That's brand new. I'm brand new. I'm brand new. I said, I was brand new. Yeah, everybody started blaming brand new. I said, oh, brand new. I said, I was brand new. Yeah, everybody started blaming brand new. I said, my face page is now. My good close personal buddy. My other advisor, my life advisor. 987 votes on a pool. And like I said, after the break will be right on the verge of a thousand people will be buzzing about it at the water cooler. Come to Neil Roger show. Rock solid. This is a brand for people to laugh. Any questions? Four holes are straight. There another happy, never get paid in staple all alone. We're in our service. We support making holes for people. Girls my life is finished when you need them. They're all there are players. You ask for your love for a day. Manly fish. Our shipping and birthday game. Contact in what they're straight. So let's say. Four holes are straight. Our report will run to the posters of athletes authority they're walled. On a total weekend, hundreds of guitars measure themselves to men who play with balls. They like straight. Fish wedding men that take very straight. Don't impact men all day. Now that's the game. Now that's the game. Ready? Okay. Yeah. Look at a one at five 60 WDQ. We're only in our 29 minutes away from the Marlon pre-game show. We're pretty psyched about that. Missing the real war story, right, Doug Thompson. See, I know what sneak one of these in here and between all those other huzz or eye and in between all these sloppy, uh, broads. So it's good. According to the Arizona Senator John McCain, he says life and bag that is pretty safe these days. So safe, he says that he walked freely in an open air market with on a fear for a safety. On his safe walk through the Georgia market where 137 Iraqis die from a truck bomb and a fire boy, hundreds of combat ready American soldiers surrounded McCain in this party while Black Hawk helicopters provided air cover. The Senator and others were a flag vest. The market where McCain walked freely is also fortified with blast walls and jersey barriers to restrict vehicle traffic. The reporters were allowed along on McCain's walk as safety and army spokesman cited security as a concern for living access by the press. Instead, the military provided photos and video afterwards, act to the Senator and two Republican colleagues return to the safety of even more heavily fortified green zone. He bragged about how safe Iraq had become under the seven week old troops surge. While he spoke roadside, bombs southwest of Baghdad killed six American soldiers, they were surrounded by a security court in the troops pulled off regular duty to protect visiting VIPs, no Black Hawk circle over hand to provide extra security. It's a sad state of affairs when a photo of a fire in the sparring presidential candidate warrants more protection than American men and women fighting in an autocontrol civil war. That's the reality of Iraq. While the posturing in the world by McCain and other supporters of the war can't stop the slaughter of American troops, or the deaths of thousands upon thousands of Iraqi civilians, and a civil war we started and can never end. McCain's trip is the latest PR move by a White House desperate to cover up the truth about the monumental failures in Iraq. While Americans die on the battlefield, the Pentagon and Bush administration invent stories about false heroism and cover up the many mistakes they showed just how out of control the situation is, both in Iraq and Afghanistan. The public relations machine can't gloss over the horrible debacle at the fines of American military efforts in that part of the world. From the state's rescue of Jessica Lynch of the wars beginning to the bubble cover up of the death of former football star Pat Hillman at the hands of American soldiers in Afghanistan, our war efforts staggeres hopelessly from one disaster to the next. Back home in Washington, this been war-reges out of control between the White House and Congress and time table for withdrawal of truth by next year faces certain veto and Democrats don't have the votes to override. In the end, we'll have to give Bush the money he wants for the wars and just to make sure the vote passes, they alerted up the military spending to build enough pork to grease the skids and balloon the federal deficit. Whether we like it or not, it pulls thoroughly indicate that most of us don't bush holds all the cards. The Democratic leaders in both the House and the Senate see an absolute funding cut off as political suicide, even with strong public sentiment for bringing the truth home as soon as possible. And while the stalemate in Washington continues, Bush's men is to inch up a few ports in the polls by unleashing a massive propaganda tsunami to sell non-existence of sex to a war re-ination. On Sunday, John McCain blamed the American media for the wars on popularity claiming reporters aren't telling the real story about the success in the war. But the story of McCain dish.after, was claimed walked through the safe streets of Baghdad was far from the truth. He loudout where he lied outright along with his two Republican comrades. Senator Lindsey Graham claimed we were warmly welcomed in the market and prayed that he bought five rugs for five bucks. I think that's what mode did, too. Representative Mike Pence, an Indian Republican marveled at his ability to mix and mingle among ordinary Iraqis and claim the market was like a normal market in the end of the summertime. I've been to a few markets in Indiana's summertime. It overcalls the hundreds of troops deployed around the perimeter or canonly didn't blackhawk helicopters hovering overhead. But that was a few years ago. Maybe things have changed in the heartland. Perhaps Indiana has become a war zone turn apart by civil war. I guess we in the media must have missed that story as well. Right, stop Thompson. He's good, man. He writes good stuff and it'll be a miracle if he's alive in six months. If the good stop will don't come and get his ass. Now, you, when I tell you the next thing about, I don't want to keep going on about this, but I don't want to waste my time writing all these messages back and forth. Oh boy, the same person who's been hacking our micepace thing. A set of notice, too, on my, on my space that, to cancel the group. Now luckily, of course, they send the email me back saying, is that you really send this and I said, no, of course not, and don't pop your ass. But that's what's going on now is that the professional hacker, Christopher, aka, that one, and then what's the other name, funky mark on those, what other names, you know? And that interesting? That really. A knowing is the word. Is that right? No, no. Yes, a knowing. And you know, I think I know why this happened. That's because in a moment of weakness, a couple of few weeks ago, remember, I told you, I let the courage him to come back on there on that, and that's where he got in there. Let's say get in. There's no way to get him out. So I think tomorrow morning we may have to start all over again on that deal. Well, we'll see. Tracy and Kendall says, a warning to Josh. Wow. Did you read this before you facet to me? Just like the first sentence. She says, you're sex in my space comments come across as quite prudent, especially for a guy, Josh. Quite prudish. That's a perspective on sex, but I can't believe that this double standard still exists today. Why aren't women allowed the same liberties that men are? I slept with my now husband of six years on our first date because I wanted him, and I was horny as hell. Luckily for us, he didn't act like Josh if he had. He would have denied himself a great relationship full of love and hot sex. I consider myself a regular outstanding chicken all of my in-laws thing. So to have a great weekend, you too, Tracy. There we go. There is the kind of lady we're looking for. Okay. Now, some uptight prude. That's going to make you the string you were long and string you were long and well. Is it going to be okay on the third date, the fourth date, the tenth date, the fifth date, the fifth date. So what are you thinking back to that other situation? Because I don't want to, you know, what are you going to say about that? What am I going to say about what? I'm all what she just wrote. There's nothing you're going to say. I mean, you're in total of your opinion. Yeah, I mean, listen, I love, and most of the audiences you're full of crap too. I'm still stating that I love women that's leaving you on the first date. I want to find them when I go out on a date, I'm hoping to get in her pants. But like I said, I talked to a lot of people. Not just me. I mean, like if I sleep with a girl on the first date, I just don't take that relationship whatever is going to be after that seriously. That's just me. How many times have you said that now? How many times have you asked me? About 400. There you go. Okay, let's get back to the pool and see if the audience agrees with you with your bizarre perspective. Girls at Gualala when the first date are the best 280, the best, best by test even with a small breast. Are what I'm looking for, 220. Just one at a time, 161. Slots 106. I've heard that station. And rare 98, that's one of my favorites. They play all those moldy oldies that they won't play on magic. Rare 98. Ho is 51. I hate this full 46 drunk 38 and disgusting 17 out of a thousand 17 vote. That's a pretty heavy duty number when you say a thousand 17. That's right. The median and film director Terry Jones of money Python blasted the UK and US over the way they treat prisoners comparing their policies to what he views as civilized treatment by British sailors in Iran. And they're being released by the way, Ahmadinejad said, hey, here's a present for you. Here's happy Easter. Happy Shival is happy and pay so. Here's the sailors back. Don't bomb us, please. I sure they are where you express an embarrassed press over the treatment of our naval personnel accused by a random illegally entering their waters. It's a disgracey road and a certificate by the turtle published in the Guardian. We would never dream of treating captives like this long than the smoke cigarettes, for example, even those have been proven that smoking kills. And if we're compelling poor service woman, fate, attorney to wear a black head scarf and then along the picture to be posted around the world, had the Iranian's no concept of civilized behavior for God's sake, what's wrong with putting a bag over her head? That's what we do with the Muslims we capture. We put bags over their heads so it's hard to breathe to continue. Mocking US cat practices at Guantanamo Bay, Jones said that one right the US of order produces that a privacy by solitary confinement. Alive the captives to wipe out his homestay and they're all right as an uncivilized practice he mucks. The inmates have gone tunnel for example have been enjoying all the privacy they've won from the five years and the first inmate has only just been charged. Lord contrast to the disgraceful Iranian rush to parade their captives before the cameras. Just Terry Jones. 10 past 11 hours, the girls still are potsking around with that stuff for what? Who knows? Did you ever send them here for a mission? Have I your pardon? Did you send him away? I don't have to say that I did but it wasn't necessary because before he even got off his asthma, I've brained, I've had that thing fixed and up and running. Okay, then whoever the mysterious thing about there is trying to cancel the group and potsking around, guess what? No matter how many times you potsking around, well, I'm going to potsking it. How do you like that? Whatever it hell that means. Barack Obama's campaign raised $25 million in the first quarter just in on CNN. Were the busy shooting? By the way, CNN. Not because they pissed off about the news, it was kind of like a domestic dispute. Did you see that yesterday with two people shot? Were we at that on the year? Yes, yes. You do remember that last good? That means you don't have syphilose, that's a good sign. God, Leo. I'm Dennis Bellman, the proud owner of Lucky. A shot the end golden retriever. Is that right Lucky? Puckie? Well, tied there on to mate? Well, no other dog can outrun out, catch out, jump this retriever. Show me your stuff, Lucky. Jump! Petch! Petch! Puckie! I sleep in like a baby. I must have overworked from this morning. Anyhow, when it comes to champion dogs, I make sure they get the best nutrition possible. Like new, kibbles and crips dog food. Lucky, just loves it, don't you? Lucky. Well, little stiff, they're also lucky. It's a little snowboard on too. Anyway, right, get out of here, flies. When he wakes up, he'll be ready for another training session and another tan of kibbles and crips dog food. It's the dog food that all dogs go woof over. That's your cute lucky woof! All right, you get somewhere, Lucky. I'll stay in flight. Get out of here. See, I didn't play that because, you know, how much I love golden retrievers. They're the best dog. Anyhow, you people are there to get a little kids. And you're going to go get them a puppy, get a golden retriever. Unless you got like a wheel, like a small apartment. What would be wrong with people? And there's just some stupid people living a small apartment. They get a big dog. I'm just thinking that's really stupid. Well, what if they had the big dog and moved into smaller apartments? Well, and then they shouldn't get a small apartment. They shouldn't get if they care enough about the dog. They should like mortgage the house or do, you know, steal some money and get a place big enough so the dog can run around. Well, you know what? He's going to run around outside. He can run around outside and get what? Hit by a truck, flattened on the road and front of the house. Is that what you're talking about? The road. You have a dog? Hell, yeah, have a dog. What kind of a dog is it? I don't know what those are. They're cool. They're okay. They make a they yappalot. No, they don't bark. They don't bark at all. What kind of a dog doesn't want? What could he's in having a dog that doesn't bark at all? Supposedly try to break in your house to be a clock in the morning. Well, that would be my brother's dog that passed out there on the sack. My brother has a pit bull. So that's all I've got about that. Well, you live with your brother? I'm about to, yeah. Oh, don't tell me you're moving again. Oh, oh my god. I am a homeowner, man. You're a homeowner? I bought a condo. Homeowner? You're fairie. No way, man. Let's run the eye. I know you're making a big bucks now. But when you were on this show, once upon a time, by the way, George is on vacation this week. He'll be back Friday though, because I'm getting out of here early. And thank God, I'm getting out of here, man. I'm going to tell you. My head is just spinning like a drail in serung holiday for that too. Between the technical disasters we've had here, which you audience couldn't hear. They probably think, oh, and he had Neil just making that up. Oh, yeah. You wouldn't want to hear it. You'd have a headache in 15 minutes, a throbbing headache. Between that and all this other house a ride going on here with these game players. See, that's the whole deal. You keep reading about these guys that hack into like a general electric or hack in these big department stores. Get everybody's records or hack into like city bank and get all your financial stuff. Well, let me ask you this. If they hack into this thing, how do I know if they hack to anything else on there? Well, you don't have hurt, you don't have your banking, you know. Not a nitpid at all. You better pay your sweet ass I don't. Yeah, otherwise you would not be on it. Otherwise what? Well, nobody would be on my space because it's so easy to, you know, get people's information. So in other words, you're saying they just hack into the aside. As opposed to when do you're computer? That was my question, Mr. Computer expert. Yeah, on my space, yeah. But that's my whole point. This business that people are capable of hacking into your whatever. That's another piece of good information. Not only get your kids in high school and retriever if you have a big house in NYCR, but the second piece of information is do not do not start giving up any kind of personal information to anybody that you run into on these, unless you trust them implicitly. Unless you trust them with your life. I've only got two people on there out of 13 Edward and seven who I would say I would trust them with my life. You follow? And you know who they are. I'm not going to go, yeah, I'm not going to go in there because then all the signals start getting hacked or whacked or whatever. People be flattening their tires, get away, nose, based on the psychotic people that we have run and run on the loose. Let's see, Miguel, let's see, Miguel sent me a message here. He says it was, you said it was fixed. Thanks, Miguel, it is fixed. And you've ran in a big kiss on the forehead, okay? Actually, Brandon might like Miguel, Brandon's. Bye. Oh, don't say that, don't say bye. Oh boy. What's wrong with that? There's, and of course it's really interesting, but, uh, Fony Christopher that vanished yesterday. He was also supposedly by. Now, let me ask you this, has Gwen showed up with your food yet? No, no. It's an hour and ten minutes before the ballgame. Now you know, Dan, well, there isn't any Gwen. There isn't going to be any food. And you think it's just a coincidence that somebody's profile of vanished last night. And then all of a sudden we're getting the hacked and people are requesting to take this down and do that in the idea. You think that's just a coincidence? Or do you think it's the same person, uh, who's patchking around? See, I guess there are people who have no lives at all, so it's been all of their spare time, like, interfering with everybody else's. That's it. That's right. We did it's like a yenta for Facial the Enter and they're in the condos, the condo commandos. They don't have any life at their own, so they stick their nose. They go out and out of their people's mailbox. Look at their mail. They're looking to see who's coming in and who's going out at what time a day. And they're like, uh, because they have no life at their own. That's the soft floor to F and way, baby. I have no life. Of course we don't know that the person who's doing this is in South Florida. They could be anywhere, right? Yes. You know, all right? Uh-huh. 103. Six. Let's get back to the important stuff. And that girl, that's girl, who put out for our largely heterosexual male audience. And that's what they're looking for. That's what they wanted before. And even a lot of the married guys right now wouldn't mind having some high-diong chick that would put out. Am I right about that? Yeah. And he'll bet. Girls who go all the way in the first date are the best. 290. What I'm looking for, 222. Just one good time, 162. Slots one away. Rare 100. I still think those would be great FM stations. Rare 100. We put that damn while I run right off the map. Pose 51. I hate this pool only 47, 410%. And those people are probably, hey, how could anybody hate this pool? This is a dynamite pool. So even over-given Joshua, a lot of crap about it. At least given quite a different effect that he inspired this pool yesterday by his touching story about his Russian girlfriend. There was a lot of touching, but not enough. There was some touching. I would assume. When you said it, we could ask you anything about it. Now, let's send you a cleaning up. What? I was looking for touching on what? The first date? Yeah. No, I was just a make out of the door at the first date. I'm making out of the door. I didn't get any action. I didn't get any action. I didn't get any action the first time. Nothing. Just a kiss, man. So I got. I could do that for it. I thought she did on the elevator. No, he attacked me on the elevator. And he admitted that the other day. Don't start saying anything. I'm not, I'm not chested at a molester. I can't imagine that. I probably should be. I had a lot more action in my life. I was a lot more aggressive. Just like all these people I've talked to here on line, everything. And I always put the disclaimer. I don't know why I should have to do this. Why? Because they know upfront that. I'm not that much of a crazy person. I'm trolling on here like that bit we just played. You know. I have to all, see, that's the problem with being an old fag. You know, I have to do this thing. Well, I'm certainly not trolling on here for sex. What, what's your course? I'm not. How can they have sex by long distance with people that are 12 that are miles away, you know? Kind of difficult. All of their some people, of course. And then a kid's back in that whole George deal with cyber sex. I don't want to go there. Cyber sex, my ass. Girls to go all the way to first day. Now where do I leave off? I hate this pull 47, 4.5 percent. Drunk 39 and disgusting only 17. And they could still be disgusting and wait for the second or third day. But like I said, if they're disgusting, they're probably going to be a second or third day. The whole concept of blind dates, you know, isn't that generally, I don't think it's so much when somebody does it off of one of these Internet things. It's when somebody fixes up somebody else with someone. Yeah. Now generally, I don't know if I should say generally, but a lot of times it's relatives who are trying to marry off their old friends or your friends. Or your friends. Or your friends. If a friend said to me that, hey, listen, you know, you're single. I got this really hot chick. I want to fix you up with. Yeah. I would not go, but I've never been on a blind date. You know what I mean? Well, what do you mean you would not go? I'd say it's not like I wouldn't go. See, here's the way that works. I would even an old bag like me knows how that works. So you're going to meet here at the parking lot at, I don't know, pick a restaurant like Pick one. Any restaurant, a carabas. Okay, you're going to meet here in the parking lot at Carabas. Are they going to park him out? I want to assume. Yes. And you tell her how you're going to be dressing. She's going to tell you how she's going to be dressed. And you pull up to the parking area and you look. You get there a little bit late. A couple minutes late to make sure that she's already standing out there waiting. And you see that, oh my god, look at this. That's Sally. That's sloppy. Sally, all. And then you just back out there. And you go in. That's right. So I did do it. That's a solution for that project. I mean, it's a little bit on the road side. Root and crew, but, and again, looks art everything. Maybe Sally is the hottest piece. He ever had you like. Maybe she's maybe she is just desperate. Maybe she will claw you until you're in size up. But then again, Sally is as bad as what I just suggested. Would you really want to help? And that's up to you. It all depends on how desperate you are. 25 million for Barack Obama. I give him a couple million if I had an extra. If I went, I'll tell you what. If I wouldn't be a lot or not, 38 million. Thanks for he. I'll send a million to Barack Obama's campaign. How's that? Or just send it to me. I'll give it to his campaign. Yeah, I mean to. Yeah. I'll send you guys each a million. You can donate it to the world. We'll donate it in your name. You don't need to the candidate of your choice. Right. 26 past 11 at 5. 6. You don't have to come. We're just a little hour away from that Marlon game. Oh man. I'm not too far away from getting that cab in on the way to Woodby. Speaking of winning the big bucks. I think today's the day I can smell it. 16 hours today? No. 4 or 5 moatops. Although it's the 12 30 start you never know. And then all the pins and how it goes. If I get a really hot machine baby and it's pain left in right 2000 here in 3000 over there. Yeah, the chances of that. How many people choose to vote? But people choose my mouth. I make sounds. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I'm making some, we're like now, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some, I'm making some. We're doing a vampire thing here...I ready to take it off... Alright, look at the material, I'm doing . And we're doing this again. All right, I'm 31 and 56. And we're listening our way from that big olog game. Everybody get some music ready. Oh and guess what shows up yesterday, which I know that neither one of you here bought it all, Oh, what's it? I want to, what's that? I want to refreshing see that I ordered for mamAmazon.com, the day before I when, in fact, the same day that the Book of Brands, double the show up Does it sound better than the dub? It sounds um, let's hear Sounds about the same all of this sounds Oh, that sounds good cut. Which one is it? It's number um up on a roof number six When does it sounds about same especially on a you know? It's all roll roll boom But it's a great decision. I'm glad that I got it. Maybe I can auction it off on eBay for about 50 cent Thousand fifty six votes. We're not just gonna get to a thousand man by twelve thirty We're gonna have eleven hundred and then some Huh and then some how do you like that? Got a love it. I do love it And that's because it's a sex pool. That's what we need a lot more All you guys out there coming up with these pull ideas. I think you got the wrong pull on your mind that that's the pull you ought to be thinking about and probably are No in our crowd One 0 5 6. Girls to go all the way in the first day are the best 295 what I'm looking for two twenty nine Just want a good time 164 slots 111 rare 101 Who is 51? I hate this full forty seven drunk 41 and disgusting only 17 The disgusting You know who probably said that gay Nails Queens probably said that well that's disgusting and that was that sounds like you yeah Some little squishy to me I'm I could be wrong, but I don't think it's even debatable even though you don't want to brought it up You understand, but I do that you do because you got a phenomenal response and everybody's talking about it The water cooler and in behind the closed doors there business like that Do you have a dashboard? I said he said that I like that. They're all talking about you no doubt So archer is truly you've got on the show this week and crisp by the way was just and you real bad before you showed up this morning Was you really I was really How do you want? Yeah, I know all the engineer shows up here to test out What's wrong? He crawls around there's nothing wrong on this end everything is fine. That sounds fine too I'm both in and then about nine o'clock Chris is well Josh was here this morning and now he's over at the stadium filming some stuff with Who's who's the guy Jesse Agler Jesse Agler He's taken pictures and they could fix in the Stadium or something we're doing a zigz-y oh man Why will you make an a video for what for the oil for that website the marvelous baby? We loved them Marlins. I listen. I mean I could pretend I could put on a big act for you Give you a song of dance. I just I don't care not I don't want them to win I don't want them to lose I just want them to play a lot especially early games. That's all I just don't care I'm not one of those people who come on oh man You know and we got some people on the year. I don't want mention any names or what time they are in the morning you know But wow wow wow wow talk about sucking out big time man. Well. Yeah. I guess it's good to be enthusiastic Hey everybody the Marlins what I have not alone like that. You know in a great who cares? Here's something a lot of people care about I five 95 maybe come privately operate the road with tools for the express lanes. Oh no way way 5 when you listen to me now 5 years or 14 years The one and a half big end all of reconstruction of interstate 5 95 is inevitable the only questions are how long it'll take and how the state will pay for it Given a choice between dodging barricades for five years or 14 years most drivers would undoubtedly pick five That choice would come with a price the state may turn over construction control of a highway to a private company That would be cool. It's caused through tools in turn The state and drivers get a billion dollar road project built on the third of the time The company would take on risk such as cost over runs that otherwise would long be paid by taxpayers But tool rates could be raised without public input and continue long after the project is paid off This is a potential mechanism to get one large project on much earlier. It's very exciting saves him wolf They afforded the department transportation district for secretary It's definitely not business as usual nor is the project See the when they were still building that road it was already obsolete as I'm sure most of you know That's the Florida Fnway The state wants to be building widened the 12 miles stretch of i5 95 to five lanes in each direction between state roads seven and the i75 Progress expressway junction They want to put a function at your junction Reversible express lanes build above i5 95's grassy meeting will whisk long business commuters each to the morning and west in the evening drivers using the express lanes would pay a tool that would go up at rush hour to keep the lanes from clogging the concept called congestion pricing relies on civil economics the higher the price the more likely some drivers are likely to use the regular travel lanes or drive a at least congested time a day Yeah, they have a charge like a hundred bucks to drive on 595 then you'd see a clear out real fast when you Yep i5 95 told us first lanes would feature high tech overhead sensors that eliminate the need for gridlock tool classes The regular lanes of 595 remain tool free but more crammed than the free flowing express lanes While Donna Guthrie likes the idea of having the option to paying a tool for a swift or drive She's not so sure about letting her private company control the roads first rings I'm not too keen on a private end the owning something that's traditionally Government responsibility said got me uses i5 95 or daily commute from four-lutter to call springs She says I would take advantage of the express lanes, but I wouldn't use them all the time if it's gonna cost me if I'm late to work or headed to the airport Then I might use and then I might get in there and floor it and pay him five six hundred bucks With state and federal officials opposed to raising gas taxes with paid for the interstate highway system Floor and host of other states are considering leasing roads and bridges to private companies to pay for new construction Faced with a rising constructing cost and a seven hundred million dollar shortfall for 595 and Broward the stable meet in May with investors and contractors from all over the world To consider financing options for the mammoth i5 95 project If plans go forward construction the highway and noise walls have begin in 2009 and be finished in 2014 if the state waits until public money becomes available Construction start in 2010 and take until 2024 2024 that's like 17 years from now so I wish you live so long That's my goal is to live long enough to see them finish i5 95 See there's a goal, you know, we also first have goals in life That's my goal Good luck with that is not to pay that tool The state is secured about eight hundred and five million dollars about half a million need for the overall 595 project Without private financing the i5 95 corridor will be divided into 12 separate projects build over 14 long excruciating years if the state gets a favorable reaction from investors and contractors next month Then it could hold a public hearing this summer begin the process of seeking qualified firms by a February 2009 if from could be chosen construction would begin that year and then of course when there's construction in 595 you think you got source now baby you ain't seen nothing yet You know how that works And you know something i mean i'm gonna may fall off the chair I may just actually fall off the chair now that i'm going on vacation Friday afternoon For a week i get a new piece of copy from hanker rail I shouldn't probably not not hanker rail because so Chris said he looks pretty good Now would you just chuckle when i said that yeah kind See you you're there and i'm here so i don't know i mean George when i said that he said yeah He's not about looking at it probably not your type whatever that means well whatever that means you know Okay Now what would you say oh and don't be given me that crap i get about well how do you know you've seen the guy give me I mean he's an normal looking guy to me Yeah How old is he about 25 Nice probably Probably low 30s low 30s well i can't say it way too old Okay well thank you see at least again honest answer from him was post from you know the other guys Oh the British Foreign Secretary is gonna say butter beat but he moved but i've not been see that we did a wonderful job I'm gonna come back alive and that great yeah A thousand and 77 votes are sex pool shame on us We better stop with this kind of crap right away Girls who go all the way on the first date are the best 297 are what i'm looking for 2308 just want a good time 167 slots 112 rare 103 hose 53 hose I hate this pool 47 i hate this poll rounds with whole Our drug 43 the lifefully drop we should have probably put that on our delightfully drive At least from your perspective and disgusting only 17 How about a kilo Venice man Oh How about a kilo Venice man How about a banana How about a banana How about a banana They can't get up and yeah Oh, hey there, guilty what you doing it most body I'm sticking it in my new time machine But i had to bring them back to the QAM studio to do it to wait a bit at a time travels really possible It is when you run out of story line Oh Hey Hey Play that thing cool Who the hell are you? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, no, you're a job I'm taking off and I sell So I guess this is my job Say something stupid. Oh This is a more of a bit of a five six need to a Emma sport whole rate Maybe it is Great The cycle number nine this week on a tiger radio is over $1 a day Sonny and mild 75 w few a m degrees in the magic city lady spot Jefferson's greatest say hi. I know I Ten more higher Yeah, I was just jacking. I have a hi. I don't know either I got no idea what I'm doing That's for sure now get your neck cracker until what this one here I hate this one they cut off wait a last year I'm break your legs Okay, okay, we got all in from four dealing Fogos through that Hot This one oh Yeah, this is my way what do you know what he said? Last period talk Okay, I'll do my best nonsuff No Totally all that All Let's just do it. They're accusing Hey off. You have forgotten on and the past what are you trying to say about the dot dot dot dot dot okay 13-year-old in spitted out well i've had it what we got 43 minutes until ball game time while i've excited no sure on sound like it you're bummed out because you're out in statistics with you and things that you're some kind of and listen to you don't know that you're taking out all of the anyway most of the margello stay wish that they were uh uh uh uh hanging out with uh uh rushing girlfriend to your that's right they try to be very delicate the way i put that they wish that they were hanging it out with that rushing girlfriend to your house one-on-94 baby ten ninety four wow i've achieved it Chris who's you know basically like a big lump on a chair ever cheese impressed oh yeah you know baby oh man woo you could smell the insincere to that on your rainous what are you talking about maybe a little bit of a yeah whatever i'm sure you're impressed and and and also brand-end says he wants to be on the payroll because he's the one i'm sure Miguel could have eventually after like scratching his head a little bit eaten you know a little uh maybe a maybe a no-two or two you might want to tell him as his buddy he doesn't want to be on this payroll yeah basically he's already on the payroll because it'll be about the same amount of hey yeah that's a good point of grinding you're already on a qm payroll in other words what you're getting from us is uh what you would get anyway plus the without the grief but thank you very much he did a wonderful job a masterful job that was uh beyond above and above beyond a call of duty and what was i saying to you about the Christopher gun fact when George is here on Friday i'm gonna like give him the give him a zets too because what's my saying that right from the beginning that you wanted him to come and be your nurse no i wasn't i was that was the joke i was saying right from the beginning that he was like uh an a non real person fantasy person but nevertheless you know it's uh one of those uh things i don't know maybe that adds to the mistake of all these things you think so you think that this uh some of the i don't think so i think it's nauseating in fact you know what would be the best requirement what's that for anybody that i haven't that i don't know for sure is for real which is there's only well i mean there's only a couple of people i know for real that i've met and actually no and you know have touched and hugged and embraced or whatever but uh and the whole of the picture saying you'll guide you know i hold up a uh poster and have their picture taken and put that on a profile page well now uh make everybody who wants to be a friend do that no don't say that's a good idea no then at least then at least you know that maybe the first in the picture is who they claim they are but then that doesn't prove anything else about the me the licks still be playing again would you do that to be someone's friend on my space well i look we cut that we cut the number of friends wait down but at least we'd also cut the BS wait on too yeah i don't really care remember it means legendary though he doesn't have to do that anymore yeah that's right i'm i'm legendary i don't have to do that for the people if i want to be somebody else's friend they damn well better we're except for him we'll say what's the matter not good enough for you haha haha yeah thousand ninety votes on the full man we're gonna go over a hundred be further top of the hour well i am so impressed i know it though as soon as we put this full on there i see that that's what you're legendary you pick up on that when jester talking about you know how do we get the conversation something about i guess i was getting a little bit too personal you know yeah you were no it was not getting too personal because you said that i know man i'm just taking a jab that you know you're not you just yeah we have the it's the middle of pace off and you're taking a stoch that's because you anti semantic we got thirteen away that just added another rum now let me ask you that what do you think about groups you know the all these music groups we have many of those who are like friends you know they're looking for a little public sooner but i don't mind that you know any local groups they're looking for a little a little pub where you think it's fine by me to what do you mean do i accept them yeah well you don't accept anybody i'm going to accept anybody if you turned out my buddy ricky for crying out loud you have accepted anybody well i don't know and what i'm not going to talk to him what's the point i think i think the reason that he were probably scared off by him is that in the beginning his profile picture was it was one of those how do you describe it one of those um okay no i didn't have that wasn't a it was like one of those phony like a carnival kind of like with a face scrunched up uh no i i didn't accept him because i don't know him yeah i wouldn't talk to him we have nothing to say to each other what's the point what i mean you wouldn't have anything to say to each other how do you know he would say hey i mean he'd like to share your hot rushing girlfriend how do you know i'm looking from from what he's writing to me i think he probably would i'm sure he would maybe i'd like to share uh some good times or i could play that if i had a cue but i don't and i'm not going i'm i'm trying to figure out we only got 38 minutes till the ball game wow i better start putting my i got my pants on because the uh engineer was here i did take my shirt off again in the interim so i better start like spritzing under my arms and like it all all clean up for woodwind see i don't want to be one of those sticky people of woodwind i don't want people say orders that all guy and he smells real bad you know it's one thing if they say looks real bad that's enough i can do about that that's me but there's like i've told you before if you can't look good at least smell good at this that's one of my best lessons in life for this audience if you can't look good then at least smell good don't smell too good like like the crow used to do you ever get anywhere near him by the way the one yes i think i'm right yeah he would have was like a bath and cashmere bouquet so he's a mom drop drop off probably still like he filled up a bath up with cashmere bouquet i like that and just soaked himself in it all day just like too much man wow man oh so i think it smells good like i said but it's something to smell too good too good is like a like that and then of course he had that episode where he bitched out the nice lady in the cabin there and they just can't his ass he just anyway went nuts 32 a.m. hello this could be our one call on ball game day 2 a.m. hello now you had the feeling there was somebody on it and yeah i did yeah i had the feeling too but maybe they just chickened out i mean they didn't want to stand out from the crowd the idea that i would want to take one call on ball game day and guess what we got on the pool right now and even as despite of all these the people these today man they throw everything but the kitchen sink after when you work on a station and we still got 1100 votes on our very clean and pristine for the old queen pool 1100 votes and of course why the hell not what what red blood and headweight but even like Lily Livered headweight sexual guy wouldn't have been opinion on that that's why when i see the 4.3% 48 out of 1100 say they hate this pool you know that they're all they got to be WDQ a.m. hello i'm just wrong about that week WDQ a.m. hello okay so killing tubers with one stone there's a little lesson for you that's how that works work like a term in 1103 on a pool right now even more men's jumping off the bush mad wagon is the war takes its toll Iraq is lost militarily and politically even the Mormons are now abandoning president George W. Bush's mad war that's akin to the Swiss guard visiting leaving the pope defend for himself a divatic and under siege oh that's wish guard man they look really good and they have to other than his own greedy family members oilbearance and military contractors no group of americans is stood so steadfastly behind the bush administration and members of the church of latter days saints voters in Utah the Mormon theocracy of supported bush with loyalty they usually reserve for the bringing young football in 2004 bush and vice president and change these criminal enterprise got 71 percent of the voting Utah the sole attribution reported that three year compilation of Gallup full showed staunch support among Mormons for the war in Iraq and Bush's handling of the violence but a recent survey found just 44 percent of those identified themselves as Mormons said they back Bush's war management Mormons support for the war has plunged 21 percent in just five months there are a little bit slow but sooner or later they catch up to it sooner or later the morons and what was his business with net romney i mean what is all that all about that he's ranking the running number three and republican well what is that of course everybody their brother is running sold a uh April of 2007 everybody wants to be president and i think a lot of these guys after they after they see what they're going to inherit from this lunatic this Nazi that we have been a so well yeah maybe wasn't such a good idea after all just maybe in lemon 56 at five 60 every three and go forget to hover beyond after the immarl again the new m baseball at f i u at seven eighty k follows that ball game all the ball games all the balls all the time this is pretty quick whenever i shake my balls i listen to the heel rug or squelful one hour a ride a ride a ride a ride a ride a ride a ride a ride a ride a ride a ride a wind you ain't cheap all that way like baby we're not happy we're not happy we're not happy we're gonna fall for you dude the son of wildebeest we kind of got that of all the two let's go to the real two kids i want to hear you go on a day but there's no chance at all so good for making a sports quiz if i want to see you grab the balls you may be wow look at that kid you ain't cheap all that boy like baby we're not happy I got a high level you can scream that helps me see his voice i can do what i want to put a his gunna never get done go to days of a business school okay that's not too great but i'm delishable and you're funny at least until we're waiting i'm great now i want some win you wager you come and play like baby with you well maybe wow look at that kid you ain't cheap all that boy like baby we're not happy yeah let's just put a couple hours talk about that dolphin quarterback situation when you say about that haha oh um how long ago was that predicting the death of sports dog radio how long ago i'd tell you about that uh long time ago i mean you have to give me a number but just quite a while ago right back in the day and i told you that it's just they did just only so many people stupid enough that they want to hear the same ball games just goes over and over and over again and if i have there drew a rosan steel house you know yesterday i came in here to hear if the um audio was breaking up which it was at that point it was about five o'clock during the humpers show yeah we're playing the open for the hour windbag showed you know that he's got his own sponsor and his own open and oh yeah for two years now are you by the way are you showed his so does true rosan house so does Eric read you know all of the guests have opened yeah a lot of the regular guests all have their own opens are sponsored by everybody you have to be yanking my toenails nope i'm just checking out some music for the afri game how about happy days huh happy days are here oh good evening i caught you what do you think now not not good going to the bar at how about now here's what i've been through and with the florida marlins i played that you know the open little vans johnson actually maybe i'm a good john johnson when he was under a hundred years old oh you didn't even let it hit Jesus why hey listen you got a you got to hold something back man so you got to hold it back just like those girls that you wanted to be four or five fifteen twenty times you want them to hold it back i got something for you okay it's time to talk my m e heat and in the basketball with the south florida son sent most fire winderman for you by and it goes on and on and on and on and on yeah it's a minute long open oh i'm so glad that you did that i'm so pleased that you did that and chop the red at that point we don't want to start interfering with ours wonderful sponsors and stuff like that that would be bad that would be a real bad move on your part because you were the one that played it say okay we go back to the pulpy forester pickin on four hour i right you're the assassin baby i wouldn't be now this he's sure upon the other station across the street or what i believe he's our sole property oh my god no wonder we're done in the ones in twos uh huh there's achman in the jad he's personally greeting the British troops and saying hey uh have a good salami in the swiss and it's a trade but uh you're going to go to hell anyway look at that he's personally greeting these guys they were very disgusted as for us prime minister bless said that they're they did on the top of the television yes prime minister to get the lost honey lemon hundred twenty one votes on the pool girls to go all the way in the first data are the best three hundred and four what i'm looking for two forty eight just one a good time one eighty one sluts one eight one sixteen rare one oh six how is fifty six i hate this pool forty eight drunk forty four and disgusting only eighteen see so yeah i'm now interpreted whatever i want to interpret it but it just it seems to me that the audiences in the very strong and of course you're entirely your opinion they disagree with me about a lot of things too you know like about how important ball games are stuff like that yeah like that so and and do i care if they disagree of course not because if you're going to live your life or about what everybody else in the world thinks that you're going to be a very sad count camper when it comes time to stick your dead as in a box you know i mean yeah so don't you worry about these other guys the fact that they want to like hop on some four six bones the very first the very first not forget about night afternoon you know they pick them up at the door and let's go home okay let's get right to it let's get right down to it let's not bother with dinner let's not go to a movie let's not even know waste our time pretending let's get right down to it okay yes that's what they want the disgusting like it says they're in about the disgusting and grow test and desirable seriously that christiana almond for i think she's a guy and about what they keep the niceties are and what they're guys and i think she got that here from an afghan hound i could be wrong about that it's badly died afghan hound here no it sounds pretty accurate yeah that's a bitch promo seven and five sixty wq only got that big ball game marlins in the camp tomorrow is undefeated i said a camp's the last excuse me by the way the camp's beat the panthers last night to make it all official after that any chance anyway the panthers once again will not make the playoffs all boy three times in the history of that franchise they made the playoffs the one big year with the rats in the stand-up finals and but i beat but it will be all and it was a lot of fun was exciting but uh they that franchise has lived off of that one year for many many many many that was back in the old nine year reeman i think this is ten seasons that have been in the abroad one in the infocenter they made the playoffs two other times they lost to the rangers in five four games to one and they got swept by the devil's four games to zip out last time they so they made the playoffs a total of three times but you better we knew your season tickets they'll be very wounded and very hurt a bar lift play out maybe you understand the plan that's all i plan to plan and putting on a yes up there i don't know how she was even able to stand he had more drugs in her 60s rock band there was not one single dark comic that she was who that hell was reformist that one point she was the signs of one of the jellers and when she spoke she sounded just like hell but did she just think those were the simple things that i know did she have any feelings out of her soul or in her second it's for the little they bought some day as a fail she took some for the as a fail it's just it's a massive fail and it can't fail oh gosh she took some of the as a fail and you are a massive fail that's a whole lot of fail family including no a day as a fail well how about just sucking on a whole can of us a pan a past pan pan not spam isn't pan with a spray on the like a past right pots and pan a little spam pan so anyway you will be you get a big kick out of this or maybe not you see the people that you really suspicious of they're not going to do that and of course crisper is already gone anyway so we can't worry about him holding up a sign but ricky who's been uh... you know welcomed into our close personal family here he uh... he's the one got it the during his lunch break he took the picture with a sign up uh... neola up yours or whatever he wrote and he uh... put it on the thing here how do you like that there you go so now there's no doubt that he could use a haircut though here we can get a little haircut or not is a case maybe whatever makes you happy man he's a haircut but there he is like a real living in reading for his visit of breath of fresh air and you who put that you thought that was a bad idea or you thought nobody would actually do that combination of you thought nobody out there in radio land wants to be friends with the old queen badly enough that i got to go to all the effort well how much ever does it take you know and obviously this picture is a real quicky job what you do and what would you do it of course not what i do it in the home anybody would you stand on the right to a place is people i might do it for my friend from berlin if he wanted me to hold up the picture although i probably would want to move in the dark i probably look better ha ha ha ha ha ha ha eleven thirty nine votes on the pool maybe i'll just have a picture in the dark you know real dark real lot of shadows you know girls who go all the way to first date are this is pull it went over bigger than married to a more andest six million dollar man i just want you to know that right now and i think jash court is to do a real a real slap on a back for doing this dotio uh... christ not on the asco this is twelve sixteen and when you are for the food yet ha ha ha ha ha ha didn't i tell you that it wasn't going to be any when it wasn't going to be any food there wasn't any christopher denied tell you all these things did i say that yes you did you know for me once you want you are full of him twice take a full again take a full again that's what we say back in Texas i'm sure you're in Tennessee can't get a full again red neck dumbo that's your president man dumber than saw dust fourteen minutes less than fourteen minutes away from that marlin washnum game as they try to sweet the opening series of the season would not be real feather in their camp who's the manager of the marlins not by the way that they've heard poor georgia rodie pretty good dollars pretty gun solace so i see i guess they figured that would help you know just like when the marlins started the head all these latino players under but you know the uh... cubans of their baseball and of course uh... they didn't love the marlins they were drawn flies now who's uh... who's got to be in for the opening uh... let's see i can tell you don't tell me because it's probably on the schedule for friday or the filter off your fillies uh... and probably we all couple of fully fanzer girls to go all the way in the first day to the best three hundred and twelve eleven hundred and forty votes boy a short show today at two and a half hour quicky man and and look how much of our time was wasted with all the other fuzz around here with people poshking around my space page in the middle of past over in east or uh... even jesus probably never felt so much pain on uh... christiviction that he's released that's right even he never got a meal like we did today but thanks to the help of our close personal friends we have survived the best you had been proud girls who all went first at what i'm looking for to hundred and fifty and i believe you on that who the hell would not be in a i i just i don't know but one of its way out of my territory i'll leave it in your fine hands and other parts just one of the time hundred eighty four sloths one seventeen rare one-on-one i still i yeah i maybe it's the radio thing in me and i got a little radio thing in me i just can't get that out of the way one hundred such a rare one-on-one in fact when rich robber terrorist from magic he can unretair and go on my station rare one-on-one and then we'll have like medium rare one-o-eight i don't like being a restaurant with people at order stake rare and so i think it was a blood bath on the plate you know they bring out this bloody oozing all we were the medium rare right what you get a order medium well i don't want anything a bloody steak medium well that is all that's like that's a blast for me yeah that's just absolutely i just lost a lot of respect for you that how do you eat a steak me like that's all the flavor man mid-rare you know in conjunction with our pool today i have something i could say right now you know joys and bit my better judgment will refrain me from saying the moving way along like what what did i say before to each his own is i'm what i said i i'm not not a judgemental person if you like if you like your steak is raw as they just cut it off the cow that have a good time okay grossed over all the way on the first day down i wonder what is this beeping i'm hearing or you want to know what that is what's that i'm calling somebody i'm calling an on-existant number i have done that before that's why i never keep anybody in my um that's really stupid i've got to keep your keys locked yeah like this okay yeah i hate doing that and what i really in the call ended disconnected and i was calling two three two three what i used to do in fact i remember one time i called joe bell by accident i don't remember what the answer to phone enough but i mean when the next full number in you were a blackbird around yourself on when the memory right i accidentally hit that call thing you better be real careful you know what's going on without finish this for not it's not really important or i finished it not because nobody cares anyhow grossed over all the way i hate there are a whole was fifty seven that's where we stopped at rear and you got all ben out of shape because i like my steak medium well i don't really care i'm not going to order it any other way i'm gonna sense i'm the one that's paying for it i'm gonna order it the way i like it how do you like that i know that's a revolutionary concept but guess what to bet rear one or nine hose fifty seven i hate this pull forty nine drunk forty four and disgusting eighteen out of an amazing eleven hundred and fifty votes today revolutionary total god did you ever wish that your family and friends new their five whole verses better well i have the answer to your prayers from the makers of you saying my martyr comes a game the whole family can enjoy crucifixion crucifixion is not just fun to play but it forces everyone to know their Bible and it's easy to play first someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible and the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it but be careful if you pick a wrong letter your little Jesus doll gets nailed um i'll take the grass um how about a kid no sorry belly i'm sorry you said after three nails and one spirit of the chest everyone loses but don't worry in three days you can play again so run down to your local crucifixion toy store and grab up your very own copy of crucifixion why not play tonight comes with the small Jesus doll nails in a tiny spirit fake blood wouldn't cross and hammer not included crucifixion of product of Trinity brothers 237ci Let it set up and heal it up. And the bread is one day. And the bread is one day. And the bread is eating one day. See there's a little sun for everybody. There we don't want to offend just to go in or just to do. So we, you know, wonder if I'm going to give everybody. Because I think that's fair way to do it. Yeah. For up twenty seven already my god. I got my pantalonees on my shirt, my shoes, my new balance shoes, and my jacket. And I got my wood vine wallet in my pocket. I'm ready to go. And I got my pills and my other pocket. And that's kind of sad though. You know, when you get old and you got to take what kind of luck. You got to go on. Huh? I'm not talking about end and the cold type of pills. I'm talking about like blood pressure pills and co-cutein, you know. Still like that. Cook. I have like a huh? Cook? The agra? Yeah. Cook X to C.B. Agra. Yeah. Just in case I need somebody harder wood vine. I got a little bit of a b. Agra going there. My case wouldn't help. You never know the difference. Okay. Let me give you one last one down on the pool. I think I think Josh deserves a real hug in a squeeze from Chris at the end of the show. You're going to go in there and give him like a kiss on the lips and big squeeze. Oh, my check out earlier something. Girls who go all the way on the first day. The final total 1164. We could have made 1200. You know what? We could have been contenders 1165. The best 2021. What I'm looking for 256. Just want a good time. 189. Josh, that's only once a good time. They're sure I'm a good time and shut up. Give what they want. Slots 118. Rare 109. Oh, I can hear it now. I can hear Jimmy Dorsey. So rare. I can hear it because I'm old. Holders 57. I hate this pool 52. Drunk 45. And disgusting 18. And you know what those I do. That anybody any guy voted disgusting. It's gay. God, it'd be some flame or screamer. Like that kind of back the other day. Remember I told you when I went to complain about them. Yes. I think that check. They sent out this screaming flaming queen. And I thought to myself, man, I can't get that lot of hear fast enough. Even an old fact like me don't want to be hanging around talking to this screamer. I think there was a method to normadness. But they just make it up as they go along. Here we've got a minute to go to the ballgame. Is that a second or why? I'll see how this time's out. Okay. Let's see if the old touches still there. As in cuts good. More ones in the net. As in the tongue like a net. I'm good. I'm good.