You're right. I thought I'd be lonely. I'm great. We sing with you at our Christmas flag free. We die with both our jad and I know it's like a peep. Yeah, yeah. Don't want any of you who is still young, but you won't be in the show, but you're dorky in your back. You want to win this is your be-chance. But everyone laughs at you, check it and pay it. Waco! Say your voice is a true train wreck, and then we make one of you two things. That we can kill this guy that said. Because you have a bad face, you're a little bit slow. We're a life you make this the best of all for what you'll do. We're in the hands of my tears, I'm a dead real face. It's all right, one, two, the drive wall and a train. You have a bad face, the camera no light. You're out of free show, call the camera gay. I don't have a bad face. You have a bad face. Well, hey, there's nobody's perfect. We included it. It's 10 or two. All I'm pretty damn close. I would say just ask me about opinion. Pretty close to perfect. Man, we just got the turrets was in the this morning, but I beat, but I beat. But I beat. And we decided that if we just talked a lot more sports between 10 and 2, we can all have like minus shares. I'll take the box ball and tell the ball a segment. Take the box ball? No, the box ball is. No, not really. But she ball is the oldest head in men I believe. Like what Domino's is the old Cuban men in Dave County. You know what he said? He's like, you know, like, not a lot of people. But she ball is like, like, with a middle ball, a small middle ball. Have you ever seen duck pins, which is like bowling with a small bowling ball? Yes. Well, it's a ball about that size. Only it's a middle. You know, it's, I don't know how to describe it. And I don't know what they were like. What do you need to throw at each other's heads? Yeah, you throw it whoever happens to be in power. And the government said, like, still be your braliscone. And hopefully hit him in a head. It would be hit him in a head. He's got a bunch of things. Yeah, that's right. Actually, it makes candies, by the way. I'm sure you've had those. Nope. See, remember the other day I was talking about how in Europe. They're not really all that big undersearched. But boy, the stuff, the sweets that they make, did you lot dough and the candies and all these things? Of course, the pastries like in France and your pants. And even they answered in, they had this place among the Denmark. I'm trying to think of the name of it. Like a French pastry joint and in the morning when they make the, you know, the breakfast rolls and stuff, every morning fresh. And the people are lined up out of the Denmark waiting to get their crap. Can't complain about the food and Amsterdam, though, because they're generally speaking as much. I would say, all the travels of all the places where I visit. And today, I'm, uh, takes the cake when it comes to Mickey D's, man. I make a lot of visits to Mickey D's. And you think, oh my god, that's disgusting. Well, it's commentary on the cuisine there. It really blows. No good cuisine. I'm just a dumb. And what I do is I act in the McDonald's. Okay. I do that. I just don't, I don't eat the bun. And sometimes, usually I'll go over there and I'll take, because I stay a lot of times at the, um, France and the Polesky there by the Dan that damn the square. And it's right across from McDonald's. So I'll take, you know, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll get it to go. I'll take it back to the hotel where my son is embarrassing watching. You know, nobody has to watch you throw away the bun. You know. But sometimes I'll eat it inside. There are sit-downs. There's some interesting people to watch, you know. You know, like that. And, uh, nobody pays any attention. Mm-hmm. Good. Now, you just throw the bun away and then you know, give a grab your, you're using, you're using the, napkin is kind of a holder to eat the, uh, that nasty little burger. But at any rate. But I'll get a stir down food already this morning. I don't know. Let's take a look at that award-winning QA in the schedule where barely, we're barely making the final tubes on the transmitter tick and that's not just in the, that's pretty much all day. The month of January we got hose, do people out there, our listeners are lower audience, they've got to come through for us big time and for Borgin March. Do you know what I'm saying? Yes. Sorry. Now, where you going now? I had an accident. She's, yeah, you know that time. Right. What was his liver and his bladder and his, his, his, his, three in the, Oh, I thought I was possessed, I thought I was about a world flush. And I'm, I'm getting text messages from George in the, I got a word, meant that was, that was novel. That was a first one. Isn't that for you? No. Well, once it twice before, but not like a whole series of them, like all of his body parts were falling. Wow. Yeah, yeah. Well, he's childhood lines. Oh, I was having an exorcism in there. Yeah. to Hank Goldberg's tournament preview show with Frank Hatheth for a clock. We got the big college hoops baby, any interest? Come on. No. Hank's got his big tournament preview show at Fortal, 630, Panther preview at 630, and no there's no interest in that. No. In fact, in the Panthers Red Knight, we got a 0.7 share. We loved the Panthers, but nobody else cares. Panthers at the Carolina Hurricanes, very big game tonight. If they want to keep their student playoff hopes alive, the Panthers at Carolina Hurricanes. And then, of course, after that, we sign off. I think that ESPN radio business from 10 a.m. to 5 a.m. morning, I don't think that's helping. I don't think that's pretty helpful. You know, the overall picture, because basically invites people up when they go to bed at night to two and anywhere else because who they want to hear that. And so as a result of that, a lot of times in the morning, they get up and the radio is in 2 to 560 or it's 2 someplace else, they just, you know, they just stay there. And Clarence was in this morning going by the beat, by the beat. But I bought, I bought, I bought, I bought, I got everything to make joke with him. And I told him how much I loved those prefabricated segments, especially the ones with like, what's his name again? The Drew Rosenhaus, Burg Schwarz, whatever his name is. Okay, let's get with it. Because I'm sure we're going to have lots of, and the pool today, we almost got a thousand votes already, Chris, the sky's a limit. I say it on 13 today. Have we ever had this many, I don't know, 964 votes, and I just sat my Fed as down here. We got no dropouts by the Limeeatown for seven minutes. Let's hear it. Oh, right. For the QM Techural Crew. Here's the pool from yesterday. 1360 votes. 1360, that sounds like WKAT. Let's hear those stories you get about how you were in a shopping mall in Umei, Arizona. And still a bit off of you that job at WKAT, T.D. Rollback to Miami. That was Umei, Arizona after you picked up that hitchhiker. What that was his name again? Brian. Well, there's the phone. It must mean the package is down. All right. But I'm not going to, I'm not going to pay attention to it. Now I got important granted. Chuck Brian, that was his name. That was that hitchhiker. But anyway, that's a long one. It is astonishing that I remember that it's 30, one years ago. I don't forget Chuck. Well, I had an episode on a train when I was young and her name was Kim Haley. How do you like that? Well, that's great. See, how you don't forget things like that. It's very special. In fact, I drove a little extra slow. So we'd have that extra second night to spend a bit of a motel overnight on a way to Umei, Arizona. She was from Alaska. She wore a purple eyeshadow. And he was from Alaska. Well, he was a little bit. It wasn't really bad. Maybe maybe the two of them hooked up there. Maybe they got on that canoe. And they were canoeedling. What hair color are you most attracted to? 1360 on a pool. Blonde 356. No preference. I'll take anything. If it's alive, even still warm a little bit. Trivdend 10. Or maybe not necessarily warm just not too cool. Not like guys. 310. Brown 200. Red 100. Oh, and what's his name there? And my space group, what is his name? Oh, gee, I forget. Bill. No. Hany. Mark could have been Mark? No, not you. Matthew, Matt. That's what is very good. John. You know that. It was Luke and Matthew. And then we saw the house. I heard a chick on the my space thing. And he got lucky in boy. She's had her in a pistol and blah. I saw Matt. That's okay. It's good guy. Red 1809. Black here. 179. Like that jet black. I was talking about. So so jet black that is almost like shiny. Like he's like a cartoon color character thing. Whatever. I hate this post 64. 4.57%. That's not too bad. That's not the usual hostility we get. And it's not really very. Maybe it is a good pull. I don't know. I prefer a ball woman. Yo Brittany. It says 20. Yo a shinehead. Yo. Oh, God. Oh, mama. Great. 12. Great here. I don't know what's attractive. Great here. But thank God. There's some people out there that want you. Body. That won't what you got. Maybe you'll money. In our official color blue orange purple green line green is nice. That's 11. How about line green pants and line green hair. Boy, that would be lovely. Could you just see low in an offer like that. Would line green. Check your pants and line green. Oh, man. Oh, don't do it. I will say this. I bet there's a lot of people kids especially all. Remember the one guy called and said his little girl. She keeps going. That's good. Good thing to teach your kids to say. No question. I prefer a ball man. Speaking of $10 and white nine white hair. We really should well. The artificial color blues only got 11. So I guess all the blue hairs. Maybe that's why they're so depressed and soft. It's the land of the blue hairs. Oh, we're even the young people. Can't have a good time because the blue hairs work overtime to make sure that. 970, you know, something we're going to have a thousand by 1015 or close to it. Oh, right. How you like these horrible stories about the soldiers that are coming back. What always injuries, they're cheating in my garbage. And just, and now all of a sudden this is finally leaking out. You know, just, that's what it's all about. Baby, why do you hate America? Yeah, that's right. Why am I such a trouble maker? Why can't you talk about the good things that are happening in Iraq and freedom is on the March and all that crap. It's worth it. What's your take? This is today's poll. What's your take on the Canadian bull morning show on QAM 981 votes already? Never heard of it. 517 or never heard it. I'm sorry. Never heard it. 517. It's almost 53%. I think I have many people who aren't sports nerds, but never less. It's a sports and entertainment show. 718 AM Monday through Friday here on QAM. They've had, they haven't had one word of promotion. See this radio stage. There's company. They think you can just wind it up like in alarm clock. Just put it on there. Wind it up. Let it go. And all of a sudden. Da da. Here's an audience. You know, I don't understand what they're thinking about, but then again, thinking is not in their vocabulary. It blows 200 and 12. That's not good. It blows 212. It's okay to 07. So that's almost even, Steven. I love it 28. Well, that's not a close to 12 and I love it 28. That's not a really good mix. And I hate this pool. Amir is 17 only 1.7% out of 981. I bet you have heard referred to it again. We got the 984. So Chris is already counting on when we come back after the break. We're going to have over 1000 votes. Then that's just like coast in time. Right on in 2 or 2 o'clock. Right into the main dog show. 2 o'clock. That's not good. Well, tomorrow is, oh, we come up. We got that ball game. We love them. Marlons. Hey, listen, don't knock it man. That means I got a 1 o'clock. It's what? By the ones they early, I could lose. I could lose easy 5 6 grand tomorrow. If I tried. I'm not going to do that. Actually, you know, something. Remember I told you how to go to the Saturday? Yes. One 2 grand and one back Sunday, which is a bad mistake. I know I do. I did that. I didn't want to let that money get warm in my pocket too much. And I was at $700 on the dollar machine and I had a good machine mine. And then I thought, well, I can play with their money. You go to the $5 dollar machine and maybe like, you know, $2500. Yeah. Sometimes it's good strategy. And the $5 dollar machines weren't paying for a squads skull, man. I just pouring the money through there. Not good. The dentist yesterday, I'm playing with a dog up pain. I think he created a holes in my gum. There's something like that. I got a great dentist though, by the way. Russian guy. No, do you give me the gas? No, it doesn't give me the gas. He gives me the needle. I told you that. I don't want the wrong needle. Oh, yeah. That's the least. I'm going to tell you. It looks nasty. It's a long, long, long, and the needle too. But that doesn't hurt at all. You don't feel it. Yeah, right. You don't feel. I'm telling you, you do not feel the needle, man. But then when he starts pressing because he had these, you know, these fillings to remove and then replace, you know, and like, and the one he had like, oh, and the pressure. You don't feel the pain. Oh, I had a laughing cut. I said they're for much shorter than usual because usually they give me the needle and they wait five minutes and walk away and they look, you know, they let you're a thing then. And they're, yeah, they're going to sit right. That is. And he came back a little bit, so he says, you're frozen. I'm a little drooled. Nothing better than a dentist who wants to start a conversation with you. Hey, well, congratulations. Get a life. Attention for it. Are you gay and hard all day? I like it. Stay the blasted way. With new, hard all day. The anti-oelectro all Robertson Halor. Hello, this is Donna Meachie. Perhaps you remember me from such film as training places in Kukhur. I was excited to come back to life to tell you about this unexciting product designed to unexcite you. Next time you're standing in the locker room surrounded by naked men. Just grab your legs around the things a guard shaped hard away and hairlers before you begin to hate yourself or give them around. And you'll soften to a pliable mushroom that folds evenly into a confident and weak leg. Up a hard away anti-gauge and teeth of baggage away. The old job strap just tank, what it used to be. Hide your heart away. Oh, right. Ten nineteen and five sixty WDQA. We've got a thousand six votes on the pool today. And the pool is. So you know what I want to do on the year is kind of like a side pull of this. I want to find out which is the release favorite. You know all these kind of guests that we have on this station who are like, like cockroaches, the infester radio station. So almost like they're trapped inside the transmitter and people can't get him out of the radio. Which is the least favorite. You know what? Is it ira? Is it do rosin steam, transport, suburban? Is it, um, be no less we got? Be no cook? Be no? Oh, be no. Say I got a sound for that. But I can play a s**t. Sorry, Joyce. Thousand six votes. What's your take on the Canadian Bowl morning show on QM? It's your daily seven to ten a.m Monday through Friday. That's the only promotion they've ever had. Never heard it. 527. That's 52%. Never heard it. That's not a very good design. Is it? No. It blows to 18. Uh oh, it's okay. 2015. So that's, you know, I love it only 29. Well, yeah, we can do a little better than that. I think, and I think at least one of those votes was from the inside. And you tell me somebody already voted there. Maybe it was Robert Creeper, the a grim reaper, the Lord of the Board. I think if Kenny would stop saying that a lot more people would listen. Because everybody knows what a jackass Robert Creeper is now everybody in the building just, oh, just one wants to puke from him. Happy birthday, by the way, Robert, and don't ever come back. Oh, he's just a moderate guy. Quizzling. Yeah, right. The Lord of the Board, my ass. I love it 29. And I hate this pool. Only 17. That's only 1.6%. 1.6. We can relate to that kind of a number. Alright. Out of a thousand 12 votes. So let's find out from our audience. Well, I'm not sure got a big pile. I always show it in the dump. I did something really bad. I had something all set about reduces heart. It's big meal. It's big in a boat of us. Registrobin cohost of live with Regis and Kelly announced yesterday morning on a show that the long ago triple bypass surgery this week. He's all heart. Dammit, I don't want to do it. Nobody wants to do it. Philbin grept his cohost Kelly Rippa. But they tell me I had a second opinion. So they're all on agreement that it should be the bypass. And so that's what I'm going to do. So you know, I'm going to do it this week and come back when I'm ready. See this is guy. This is a guy that's made millions. I mean, I mean, big millions. I'm talking about tons of money. And I like Regis, but let's face it. He's not the most talented guy in the world. Philbin, when an angioplasty procedure 14 years ago is expected to be off the show for least five weeks. How about five years? We just come back when you're like, when your jaws down your knees. A series of cohosts will fill in according to a show spokesperson. Live performance is scheduled for late at this month in Palm Desert and Palacau of California have been canceled. Philbin's 75 has appeared in various talking game shows over the past four years. And the prime time hit who wants to be a millionaire? Where are the worst shows ever seen in my life? Is that your final answer? And then of course, about third man. That crap, you know. But anyway. Philbin and his wife Joy have two grown daughters. I like that show that you said, was it the health channel or the family channel? What have been health was that exercise show? That was a funny show. That's the only time Regis was ever really funny. Was it good show? Five, six, seven. Come on. Let's hear it. Let's find out who it is that you don't want to hear on this station anymore. I'm not talking about the host now. Don't start picking on the host like my close person. I'm like him or anybody else. Or like, right. We're talking about these chronic guests. Who's the biggest tune out? Is it our win back? We have to kind of keep track of us too. Okay. Or maybe you're scratch sheet? Yeah, I'm scratching it. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six. You can do it. And Palm Five, six, you have to rise and see your wireless launch. I had to learn to go near for one. I got off on the tangent about Regis and his heart. But I think that's more important. Isn't it? I mean, don't people know here about Regis? No. Well, I thought it was. I guess I made a bad judgment. And now, then of course the phones go dead. WDQ are in. Hello. Nail, I do. Okay, sir. Love your hand. Hey, I, I, I, I, I used to listen to that morning show when you guys are Joe Rose and everybody there. Right. When we were little dogs on our way, I was good. And if these guys are so like predictable, you could turn it on on any time. If you do the crappy table or some super-desk guests at the head. One day. Okay. And which guest do you dislike the most? I went back. I went back. It's yours. Okay. Thanks, pal. Have a good one. So who's keeping score? All I'll write it down. All right. Well, what did he, what did he be? Who's keeping score? Well, he was going to have Chris to it. I wrote, oh, Chris, listen, he can't afford to spend that kind of energy on something Mr. Jerry can. Who would have to know? Poor the other people that are on all the time. Chris, since you're the only one to ever. Time morning show. I'm N-A-R-A. Oh, baby. Let's see. I rise on every show every day. Yo. Oh, my god. Hey, I'm R-A. W-I-R-A. We're not talking about the Irish Republican Army. We're talking about W-I-R. Let's change the call-itters. He will be my rule. Y-O-D. That's for good about Y-O-D. If we can, go for good him. Ow. Alex Marvez of the Sun Sentinel. Oh, Alex Marvez. Oh, yeah. Who thinks that I love him? I don't understand him. I don't know. Maybe I love you, Alex. What do you got? And who else? Well, that's enough as a good start. W-I-N-Hello. Y-O-D. W-I-N-Hello. Q-I-N-Hello. Q-I-N-Hello. How are you doing, buddy? Okay, sir. Hey, we know what I miss most is your crossover. You had with the hammer. Oh, when you stopped? No, sir. You said that? That was the worst garbage. There was another current idea that was garbage. No, but you know what? You two guys spoke your mind on what was going on. Always spoke our mind. Hank, you, you know something. I used to do 95% of the talking and a hoverward like, you know, a little bit of a check-in occasional chuckle or whatever. Why would be between Baloney sandwiches? Come on, man. Get a life. Well, what does that guy do with what we're talking about? He misses the crossover, the cross-dress between me and Hank. Okay. Hank's only after no now. Okay, like the second one he and I, because we got, yeah, he has got that big tournament preview show. Excuse me between 4 and 6.30. Putting Hank on in the morning was like a death wish for him and for the station he's out of morning, okay, Hank doesn't wake up until he's noon until lunch. That, that went over like a pregnant pole ball to the. These people have enjoyed made more growth test mistakes. Not that I want to bitch about our management or about our program director and these things that would be very bad for me to do. And totally out of character for yours truly. I'm just one happy camper as long as I get paid. Just give me the money and I'll yell. Everything is great. You're like that. What do we want me to say? Not, I won't do it. WQAM, hello. Good. Did you happen to get that Bill O'Reilly tie rate about the pot. Those poor kids are a killman at fire in the pool. I saw I saw the keepoverman in the orphan ass and deservedly so. And if you think that would watch Bill O'Reilly. Wouldn't watch Bill O'Reilly. Sir, I don't want to know from him like I said about ankle to yesterday. This is what kills me about some of you people. You know what the, you know something, when you go in the backyard and there's a gigantic pile of dog droppings back there. You know what it is. There doesn't have to be any discussion about it. There doesn't have to be any big mystery. You're a half-taick like, oh my god, can you believe that? The dog dropped the pile of that's what it is. Okay, and Bill O'Reilly is exactly that pile of excrement. Okay. A steaming big pile of nasty smelly excrement. That's Bill O'Reilly. Okay. Now, keepoverman, remember, he did the thing you get the worst person in the world. He had last night because of that. Oh, yeah. Try to justify, you know, all these league ladies. These kids get fried. They got burned in that sense of apartment building. And he said, well, they're trying to get sympathy for the league all the audience. So, all you people, let us press our shock about all these people that you watch. Well, you know, once in a while, we need to see what they're saying. I don't, I know what they're saying. Okay. Sickness, disgusting, twisted. I would, like this too short to waste my time with such swirl, okay? With such swirl. Like sports talk radio. New, my queen. God. Absolutely. This is not a woman that's cracking. Okay. If you just got that scratchy, no, we're fine with her son. I don't know what that's all about. Restretched. New, two say a story is all about. New, two say a story is all about. And being registered doesn't kiss you, man. Hey, guys. Consumer is the one who got a phone. You're fair. And this game with sisters, proud, Jesus of David, let's be young. Yeah. Every time he sees his sister, well, it will give no proof. Well, what they was her hobby, but now she likes the lobby and he doesn't much like her view. No, it's all sad stories on. New, one is sister, isn't. Being registered doesn't cheat the legs of the thighs, and we'll make up on her eyes a digital. Being registered doesn't cheat the girls, Jesus of David, let's be young. Yeah. Well, she and I, her big brother, must be girl, but her. Cos he's not a little sister, has never had a misdoration, never met a child's or mouse. Who told us to answer a reason? Yeah. No, it's all sad stories on. You fair. They registered doesn't kiss you, man. Hey, guys. Consumer is the one who got a phone. Can this game reach since she's well, Jesus of David, let's be young. Oh, wow. But they died with one daughter, a rotten dated one. Oh, I'm not sure that my objection fell on. Actually, well, like about it, maybe, yeah. And we'll let's be young when we should buy it. Hey, but Jesus is silent, tell him he's Elvis, so what is that? It's 23. How about you, pardon? I was doing an Elvis. I'm actually that Peter Pistol, like the fact that New's got a gay, whatever she is, daughter. A gay and the security, they demanded an apology from the Pentagon's top general for calling homosexuality in moral. Kill all the ministers and schmothads over there. That's moral. And sacrificing 30 almost 3, 200 American soldiers. That's moral. This is the guy talking about morality. And drop it all in cluster bombs on the less beneath by way of the US from Israel. That's moral. Talking about morality. You know, when butcher's start talking about morality, that's when you know, man. You got that big pile. I was talking about the big, steaming pile of ice from in the backyard. In a newspaper that he yesterday, Marie-General Peter Pistol, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Stanford, like in homosexuality to adultery. And said the military should not condone a by-law in gaze to serve openly in the armed forces. General Pistol's comments are of radius, insensitive, and disrespectful to the 65,000 lesbian engaged troops now serving in our armed forces. The Elvis G. U. Service Member's legal offense never said. And a statement on this website. The group has represented some of the thousands dismissed from the military for their sexual orientation for them too much hanky spanky. Pist may disemarks in interviews that he was a Chicago Tribune. He was responding to a question about the Don't-Aniston telepolicy. The loud gaze must be in the serve. If they keep their mouth shut, if they keep their sexual orientation private, and don't engage in homosexual acts, God forbid. God forbid. Don't be touching that. Oh no. How can you be gay with your mouth shut? Are you going to start again? Back to what? Pistol's supports the policy which became law 1994 and prohibits commanders from asking about a personals' a person's sexual orientation. I believe homosexual acts between two individuals are a moral, and that we should not condone a moral act, Pistol's quoted as saying a newspaper interview. I'd not believe the U.S. is well-served by a policy that says it's okay to be a moral anyway. But you know something? I mean, anybody that listens to this crap without either a writing or crying? There were the one thing that's more moral than anything is to go out and kill so people. That's right. That's moral. We're doing it for no reason. We're out. So it's a good thing. That's right. Kill some bastards for Jesus. Kill some rags heads for Jesus. Pistol native of Brooklyn, and the 67 graduate of the U.S. native look at him. He said, he basically is using his upbringing. Oh, yeah. I'm bringing up breakfast. And we're going to have that bacon for another look. That's it. As an individual, I would not want acceptance of gay behavior to be our policy. Just like I would not want it to be our policy. And then if we were to find out that someone's so-and-so, we're sleeping with somebody else's wife, we would just look the other way, which we do not. We're prosecuted that kind of a moral behavior. I say, what's it to you? What is a person? Who's sleeping with whom? Okay. I think you got your nose out of joining your stick at it until many people's crotch-and-too-many people's bedrooms and get to how odd it is what I say. And what's he got going on? God only knows. You can only imagine a good name like Peter Pace. The newspapers had paced at other risk concerns raised by a 2000 government out at that showed some 10,000 troops including more than 50 specialists in Arabic have been discharged because of the so-and-ex-don't tell policy more than 50 specialists in Arabic. Don't ask, don't tell us family know about that. Representative Marty Meandham, a credit match that chooses to introduce for us to change the ban. Meandham produces similar bill in 2005 that eventually attracted a hundred and five two coastbusters including Republican Chris Shaz of Connecticut and defend Bernie Sanders of Vermont. Yeah, well, it goes on. The news is I'll be pulled up commissioned by Michael B. Michael D. Pomsson, the University of Barbara 545 troops who served in Iraq in Afghanistan. Three quarters of them said they were comfortable around gay men, Muslims. 37% opposed gayists to serve openly and 26% they should be allowed. 37% said, who cares? Uninsure or neutral or neutered or new gay rich? Of those who said they were certain that a member of the UNI was gay or lesbian. Two thirds is not believe it hurt morale according to a pull published in December. Oh, there you go. That's worry about who's taken with whom and who's taken Mach body part and stick it over here and do what over there. It's just pathetic. Tragedic is what it is. And you know what else it is if I can find it in the air I really doubt and it probably has to have a good bleep in it. I guess it's got one. That's the American way. Yeah, that's the I knew it had to be that one. Gotta get a good bleep in it because somebody might actually understand the effort was in there. We don't want to do that. Do we joys? No way. If the 606 folks on the pool, how are we doing that morning show? We'll continue with that, you know. Because you notice the collar so far as usual that I'm responding what my question was as usual. As usual, that's okay because we already killed almost 40 minutes. What's wrong with that? Like the cash register is running. Gachin, Kachin, Kachin, Yvonne. What's your take on the Canadian Bowl morning show on QAM? 1,066 folks. We're in the 1100 by the top of the hour. Mr. Chris? 1,30 minute. We will hit 1300 says Chris, how do you like that? And we talked about the votes are your way. La, the votes. Never heard that morning show the Canadian Bowl morning show 555. That's not good. About 1,750, 2% never heard it. Never gave it a little a look. See a little kutti kutti, a little something? It blows 240. That morning show below. 240 said that. It's okay 233. 233, okay. I love it. 20. Excuse me. I love it. And I hate this pool. Look at that. That number is dropping and dropping. Just like the numbers here on QAM is dropping like our gigantic boulder. I hate this pool 17, 1.5%. You know what would be good if a gigantic boulder was dropping like out of the sky. You know, like in the end of a desert somewhere. Wouldn't hurt anybody. If somebody was spying on that boulder. Wouldn't that be great? That'd be something. That would be something really special. Oh, please look out. Look out, Jay. Oh. That's right. Oh, and that James Brown, by the way, speaking a little Richard, James Brown, he got his as a stiff in the box. Finally? Yeah, there ain't nothing like being stiff in the box. There he is. Well, I mean, he's laid out and then they're going to like move him around a little bit and put him on tour. Like the Pope ever day a slob on the slide, the fat Pope that croaked. And he kept slipping around on the slide with a silly little red shoes man. You know, it's bad enough to die. You know, all these guys over there in a Vatican running around in a dress, all dressed up like a bunch of surface clowns. But when he got them silly little red pointy shoes, you know, right? And then pumps. I mean, when he was wearing them red pumps, I thought to myself, hey, let's write the red shoe diaries. We're telling you even what that light is. That's a leavey thing, isn't it? It's a sex thing. The red shoe diaries is a sex thing. I guess originally it was a movie. This is everything. This is something I think when you can write down with a special hand in the Canadian boat, morning sure, everything is a sex thing. What are how Kenny and the Mrs. Did last night? Well, I think it really boils down to his nobody cares. I know that it's supposed to be very tidilating and very scintillating. Nobody cares, you know, what's it? They did on the square table under the round table next to the rectangular table, all these things. One thousand eighty nine and work. I'm thinking we're going to get like a mid and votes today, Chris. Then they will fear us definitely think. And I know for sure, I'm going to be tuned in the fourth. Thanks Bigger preview show for the college hoops with Frank Hath. Who the hell is the Frank Hath? God. We love for me. We love for me. We love for me. We love for me. We love for me. We love for me. That's the loop. Listen to everybody's love. Even though no one knows what he does. All of a Democrats say, would you please be the guy who runs for the president? See Barack Obama. Barack Obama. Oh, Barack Obama. We're really scared of him. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh. It's really depressing when it starts getting dark, you know, I'm a standard time in like 430, 425, and you have to, it's the pressing mind. And you know, when you go like to Northern Europe, like when I was in Helsinki, for example, in Stockholm, and even in Amsterdam, it's the same thing in the summertime, it's like light out to like 930, 10 o'clock in night, or sometimes even 1030 in night. Isn't that a wonderful thing? Yes, it is. First there's some people they like it to get dark, you know, because, I don't know, they're just, they're more in the mood for certain things when it's dark, you know, like a mugging, things like that, I like to say, because I was going to say, no, I'm not talking, I don't have to be dark for you. No, I know, I like it in the light. I don't know, you're mad at me, it depends on who you're with, you know. Yeah, that makes sense to me, and in fact, I don't really care about that, as long as it happens to be the right person. Sometimes you want to see what's going on. No, and sometimes you don't, and sometimes you hope they don't, in my case, you want to make sure they don't see that sometimes you feel like a nut? Oh my god, look at him, I thought it was somebody else. Oh, geez, I'm trying to do all of these things. Yeah, 1110 votes on the pool, but we are. I'm telling you one thing, I think we're making a gigantic comeback here, because you know how this lawyer audience does for us. Because one of the titanic here at QA, man, he's last trains, I realize, you know, the whole station got screwed, and the IRAs, and then he's going to be put a roof in a cross-estreet. They got a little bit of a lucky fall, and I'll still have to write home about, you know. See, that's the thing that proves that I've been predicting this for many, many months now, and people laugh, ah, ah, what do you know? What do you know about radio? You know? That's what in this market, maybe not another market, it's their real sports markets, or it's real sports fans, but in this market, the whole sports talk concept, it was like a fad, you know, and it's running its course. Maybe he has one of his course, because if you take the numbers from both stations and put them together, you still don't have much. When you're talking about men, you know, that's supposed to be the big demographic. You put them together and you got squads, you man, not much. I mean, what do we got with sports? Anybody, we got the panthers, making a run for the playoffs, any interest got that game? No, no interest less than none. No, none. We don't care. We don't know from that. It's a conuc thing. We don't want to know it like that. And of course, they hit, they shot their big bull last year, and now it's like, ah, ah, geez, forget about that. And the marlins, any interest, they want to stay, they want to stivle them to stay, they'll screw them, and, you know, and the dolphins, it's beef for itself, they suck. So how can it be a sports market? You know what I'm saying? And just, and the people look over the heat games from what I've told I've never been in a Mickey's Sip-a-Memuki Arena, but I keep hearing that the deal about, this is a league that is ruled by dominated by a fuel by US television contracts, to put a team in Toronto or any place in Canada doesn't address that. It's not happened. There will never be an NFL team in Toronto. There ain't no team. There is a one-comer. He's great. Bama County's on the fan here. I mean, that's, you know, but then again, this is a real sports town. This is a real sports city, you know? Go leaves go, go leaves go, and I've got sitting next to me there in a macaroon of years ago. I think they're saying go team go is what they're saying. Ah, geez, I mean, even George knows go leaves go, okay, maybe the most, the most well-known chat that any sporting event by the crowd, they've been screaming at a course day, you know, we'd like them to go far away and don't come back, but that's beside the point. But you idiot, so did they just, what is it now? You got to call the essay, hit a really good question. What is it? Is it the drinking water? Is it the sun that fries the people's brains? Is that there's something about the, the whole ambiance and software that tracks slowly, stupid ignorant, the jackasses? What is it? I think it's the tar in the carbon monoxide that we're doing. That might do it. You know, the fact that they're hitting all the toxic fumes, we already know how to say it. That's why you're living with a car. That's why you're living with a car. That's why you're living with a car. That's why I'm living with a car. That's why you're screaming. That's why I'm screaming. That's why I'm screaming. That's why I'm screaming. That's why I'm getting silent. 115 votes on the poll about the accounting and voting show. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. A lot of food for thought here today. They're saying, go, team, go! You know, that's why even when I'm in town, I won't go to those hockey games anymore. I just, I refuse to do it. I mean, I could have gone to one last time I was down there. I just, no, I don't think so. I mean, there's some nice people. They're going to come up and they'll kiss my ass and hey, Neil, how's it going? And blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But there are some of the dumbest things. Come on, whirl, hit somebody already. Hit somebody, whirl. Oh my god, you just want to put your head in your hands and cry. And then there was that Julio kid at one time, a couple of years ago. He's trying to impress me. Every here at top shelf, rob me, every here at top shelf. Yeah, dick ham, and he's the advertiser. It's like dinner in a box. Which you are quite frankly, you ought to be Julio. Stupid, stupid, England. And actually, like when we first got to Marlins and these people, your people, I hate to say that, they're sitting to each other, explaining the rules of baseball. Well, he's got to go back to first base and tag up right now before the next picture, which of course is not true, but whatever it is. I mean, baseball, that's supposed to be your people sport. Oh, they love a baseball. That's in their blood, man. All right. Well, maybe something's got to come around. I'll call them, some sexually transmitted disease. Maybe that way, man. Thank you. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'd like to weigh in on your question. I don't want to the morning show anymore. I think any wood floor, it's a little bit if they let him do his own thing. But you got to go there. Well, they'd be, both of the like-sauce-clotch, which are at syndrome. And then you got to be a little bit of a shock. Yeah. Yeah. Then you got the alert juxtapter on their shirt. They can't speak a lick English. I saw it at the big dog now. So I listen to you and the big dog, that's about it. But who's your least favorite one of the nerds that they have on his gone? See, when I answer the question, I guess he just don't like a period. Maybe I just shouldn't have asked this person a question. I shouldn't have just invited people to call in and rip them and ask. Maybe somebody will call and say something good about that show. Maybe toast will call in to some. I think he's toast. What is his story anyway? I mean, what is the deal with him? I mean, this year, Kim the omelette, or what is the deal? I don't know. Now, what's your was he on? He was not with Paul and H.R.M. He was on when they were doing the Zeta Morning Show. What's upon it, Tom? There's a great morning show on Zeta Man. I had giant number. You can't live in the past though. It's like the dolphins. It's like the Toronto make the leaves bigger than them. Can't live in the past. Will wicks me up in the morning. I'm on it. Will wicks me up with a smile. I got a good idea. Let's go on FM. Forget about this satellite radio crap. Let's go on FM. Sounds great. Let's take that country kiss music man. Just kiss a good boy. Let's just go on FM. I'm going to deliver and explain this morning. Go on FM. And my lungs, you can add that to it. And you're going to be in the maybe five ten minutes before. Well, let's go. We don't want to hear the details. How about a minute. We're just just morning. I mean, that's disgusting. Does that look like that? Talk about the gas from the point of view. Well, what people are walking out of. Why laughing at it? Do I think it's funny? No, I guess people are sign-of-building. They call it ocean. They think it's funny because they hear the one that's off from Asia. Yeah. Let's call ocean Joe Bell. I'll see back. Jolly. I don't know. Is he with aerosmith on permanent vacation? What does Chuck Schumer? But I'll be putting a move. But my voice is so good. I don't care. 1130 votes. 1130 on the dial. I think that was okay. I'm the worst. One of America's great radio stations. Even now I bet. WQAM. Hello. I guess. Hey, deal. Yeah. Hey, the problem with that morning show is that guy toast. You're just talking about him. What does he do? He had that oblong table when he was on 790 to ticket in the morning. When he was a brand. That's that thing. So he's the one who started that crap. Yeah. He's the one who had the hint. He wanted to show a brand. We're asking a hitman to take care of his ass. Yeah. I'm so kidding. He gets that out of Wayne's ass. So that might help. Okay. All right, man. I look at his on a payroll over there. See, that's kind of an incestuous relationship. That makes it a little bit more difficult. Do you piece a little as they say? And part of the day, county like in Sweetwater, more difficult. Just always sucking up to the organization. Now, can you suck up to an organization where every deer they don't make a playoff. They stink they join. I don't think he's bringing in all these new coaches. They keep having all these breathless press conferences. Oh, we just tired. Dave lost that. Oh, we just hired an X-ray. You know. And then these guys, they can't throw him off fast enough. It's a very six situation. Wayne. But of course we can't say that. Do you remember when when they were having the big meetings with Wayne and everybody was like, I'm pins of yours. Oh, don't say anything about that because they're trying to get the dolphins back on QA and we don't want to we don't want to piss off Wayne. Remember those days? Yeah. And of course we still have no idea what is going on. And we guard them. They make a difference because the games are all televised anyway. And number two, when you got Jimmy Siffler, this is going to be doing it on either station. Nobody's going to listen to it anyhow. It's going to be a grow task. Grow task. It is absolutely unacceptable as what it is. I'm acceptable. The idea that Jimmy Siffler's he's a play by play. You know, something. Be sure I would let him broadcast another sporting event of any kind play by play. I would perform open heart surgery on Regisfield and probably do a better job. And I haven't even got any idea where to find a damn scalpel. Especially it's a big job man because you know about Regis' heart. It's huge. Big deal. It's big enough. It's big enough. He's a good guy. Really. He's funny. I think he fixed himself a little bit too seriously. He's a good guy. He's made millions and millions. I got no sport. When you can make millions with his talent. I say, you know, when you can make money with my talent, you've viewed an miracle. I think I'm more talented than he is. Yeah. Well, how come he's made so much money and I'm scraping by and, you know, I'm 1.6 years old. How can I scrape by and that? Look and timing. Oh. Thanks, Norma. That's one thing. You cannot normal all you want man. He made me so money. And when you scrape away all the BS, because when, let me just message for all you puns up there. Okay. When you work for other people, it always sucks. And it's never going to be. I mean, maybe once in a lifetime somebody says, oh, gee, I worked for this guy. He was the greatest boss. Like what I worked for Dick Casper, WNWS, I'm a year ago. He was a great boss and a good friend. You know, when we go to lunch, we discuss programming and ideas. And he would listen to me. And you know, and then we had a great time. He had to do gigantic readings. Got a lunch. That's right. And I went to lunch with Joe Bell and would brew him some easily. And how the hell did that turn out? Roger. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, any question? Your own station is giving you cars. No, the station is giving you cars. You can't. But this station is going to give you an unlimited appetite. Just in time, Earth, Thanksgiving. That's right. When you're fixing your eunuchity, as much as you want by making you a remage. And... You'll speed up 30,000, when you hear this star. And we'll send our overnight guide to your house, Thanksgiving Day. After you've eaten, the stick is finger down your throat. Once you've tossed your cookies, you'll be able to start it all over again. Or go, Rama. Just imagine. You can view and pour all night long. Thanks to our overnight guys, magic index finger. This station is in no responsibility. Oh, my God. What have you done? This is absolutely the worst promotion we've ever come up with. And I personally accept the responsibility. In fact, I just might quit. That's all I've done. We've got to think about what you're in a day, but... People are saying, who is? Yeah, that's all I've got to say. You're back to them. Let me know two and five, six, and that's one thing when you look at the productologist. Always take a longer review mirror. No, it's not a one. You know that is a glasses. But that would be a little nerve-pilting. But like that, like that. Just a little mirror, they can kind of look at it. It behind-see-with-school and on. Because, you know, you can never trust anybody that you don't know all that well. 1150 votes on the pool. Now, let me just give the audience a little seminar. Because this is the kind of stuff they like to think they're teeth into. You know, when I lit them in on the inside, because other radio shows, they always act. Everybody, oh, well, we're the best in a world. I work kicking ass. You know, I like it like for real, used to do. Ah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I beat that on a stern and near our cloud. But no, you didn't. Yeah, he just used to make crap up, you know. Which is fine for a little while until everybody re-alizes for a crap. But it clearance was in the this morning. Now, now, were you dropping your liver? That's that point of what? Yeah, I guess you missed that, didn't it? I missed most of it. I think I called it the tailwind. You had a bit, you had a bit most of news, because we were, you know, be molting the trends that came out on Friday and how everybody including us. Yeah, but a Titanic is going down. It's hard for anybody to stay afloat. And then he said that we're most dismayed at the fact that Mad Dog isn't, you know, isn't keeping the numbers that we have here between Zen and two, like he used to do when we were on We used to do. He used to follow us once upon a time when we'd have like a seven or eight share at one to two. And he'd have a six or seven between two and three. And generally, you know, keep the audience. And I said, well, you know what happened is you screwed it up, okay? You broke it and sometimes it's like when you have a fine watch. And you keep slamming against the wall and find it all. Something, something like, ah, half out of the like seven broke. And then you try to put the piece back together again, and it doesn't fit. It doesn't work no mole. And that's what they did. And to keep breaking it and breaking it and moving it around and patching around. And all of the, this work before, let's see if it'll work again. Because people are creatures of habit. And when people get out of the habit of listening at a particular time of your radio station or to a particular show or wherever the hell it might be, they don't just all of a sudden when you snap your fingers come back to say, oh, yeah, that used to like that once upon a time, I'm going to go back over there. Because maybe they discovered something else and they're sticking over wherever the hell they are. They're sticking it. You see what I'm saying? What do you say? I'm saying that these people, this child, this child programmer, we've got, you know, they talk about the infant and the manger and all that stuff. The Jesus crowd, the Jesus Christ, Jesus, Gorbid Alcalfs. We've got the Sporchsters. We've got the Jesus Sporchsters. That's their religion. And we've got this infant and the manger who I guess they must have found him in a, in a basket. A biscuit, a basket, a basket, a basket. I'd like to see him in a box, not a basket. But anyway, and he did think he's the sports Jesus and what they don't realize is the, the anti-Christ. As he continues putting on this fall to wall, I mean, you have basketball games in the middle of the day time. I don't care what kind of a stupid ass term it is. In the middle of the day time when people are awake and might actually have the chance to be listening. And I want to turn on something that you got that somebody would want to listen to. In the middle of the day time, in my room where my wife sleeps, we're actually going to play with her toys. That's right. I wonder if I still haven't, I wonder if I still haven't even got crap on there. I got a little bit of a plan that's so it's your fault. I know, I'm sure I got some of this stuff in here. With French content, where is it? Oh, running to the lead now. I don't look back to you. I'm already made in a plan. Come on in to much wine. There you go. Frikey, it's too much wine. Try the wine, fracking. So I don't want to be wine in here myself, but I'm just telling you the kind of thinking that goes on in this place. Well, it worked once before how come it ain't happening again because you keep breaking it. You keep tracing people away. And then you want them to come back. Also, you'd be, yes, we had no competition. Never had any competition. Yeah, no other talk station in this term. Talk station, see those are different. See these people think they got a talk station. But they don't. They got a sports station when they talk show this on from ten to two. They don't have a talk station. Right. So any number we've ever gotten has only been a phantom number. No competition. What does that mean? I mean we've had no competition on this station. The whole station. There's no other local talk station. What does that mean? We don't have any competition. Like rush. Right. Exactly. And go. Right. Exactly. And Jerry Springer. There's no other local talk stations. And that is correct. There's absolutely correct. I know that. And what are you trying to say? Are you starting to get with the business that they need to change the format? No, no. What I said. No wonder they're pumping the poison gas through their man. You are messing with their plans, Ray. Every day we go and blame me. You are sticking their finger right inside their navel and twisted really hard. You know, that's one thing about navels man. Navels always are kind of interesting to me. I don't know why. Yeah. I think navels are interesting. They're holding. Yeah. And when you stick your finger in your navel, once in a while there's a really interesting aroma. I guess you know what they're doing. And if you stick your finger in somebody else's navel, no time is to really grow Tess. And then when that lint, that navel and comes to the plan. I don't know. Just sweater with mine. 1161 hosts on the pulver day. We're going to have all man. What did you say Chris 12 13 13? We can do 14. How do you like that? I can name that tune in 1400 votes. You'll see. WDQA and programming seminar. Hello. Yeah. Good morning. Good evening, sir. Yeah. The first thing about challenge. All can mad dog have a good number when mad dog will work one day a week. That is a problem. When he's only on 14 days a year, that is a problem. Exactly. Come from a federal order. You want to replace that thing. Hey, man. I'm not going to let you. Yeah. I'm not going to predict him. Rocks have already done everything. So he's feeling money. And from the other. No problem. But the other thing you were talking about with the worst guess, all about Eric, Eric, very greedy to do that. Eric, we do talk to his teeth from the he Eric Reed. Yeah. That's a good choice. Okay. I'll put in your feet. I'll put in your feet. Thank you so much, Palette. Okay. Eric Reed. I mean, yeah. Look at I tried to explain to these people that they don't understand. I told parents this morning I said, when you're doing a sports format, you're already narrow casting. There's only a small percentage of the public out there, even the guys who are so obsessed with sports that they want to digest it and eat it and chew it and lick it and sniff it 24, 7. Don't know. Even if you're a sports fan like I am, you don't want to hear about the same crap over and over. Okay. So you're already narrow casting. You're cutting yourself down with small say when the population then when you put on a guy like for example, drew Rosencran's short steam and he's going to talk to the same crap every day and plug his car thing whatever it is. The number of people are interested in seeing most people hate him like poison anyway. Am I right Chris? Don't most people hate him like an animal, which one? drew Rosencran's steam, sorts. Well, yeah, pretty much basically. Yes. And he's reviled. So, and of course, like Dicky B. Didn't they have Dicky B. I didn't hear about it. I heard him from on the instant. Dicky B. I'm doing all this morning. I believe. Oh, I mean, if there is something, hey, baby, hey, baby. Seriously, if I had a two by four with a rusty nail in it, man, I could do it up there and see his ball spot. That's how I feel about Dicky B. Good. God Almighty. Oh, there's Peter Page talking about the effects are immoral. So, okay for us to kill people and to poke your eyes out in the new way. Put the poison gas up your eyes. But otherwise, it's everything is immoral. Yeah, I was told if you'd like to hear the Dicky B interview, you can go to www.dwclam.com. Now thanks. Let's go there now. And, in fact, let's replay it. We can wave more car cells down to an easy 0.3 in Ota. WDQA and programming, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. Listen, a little program is suggested. Please, please, get them to stop, but the Iowa winderman, all day, all the time. He's like one of those influential guys. Walking and talking and talking, sitting on every show. Yeah. I don't get it. I mean, there's a buy consciously, is it a commercial? I think he's got to make him picture his man. The beesleys and the billiards he must have. He's got those pictures of shack and josh freedman kissing. I don't know what it is, but they, you've got to get off the air. Please. Okay, thank you, sir. There's one of our big fans. I agree, man. He is gruesome. See, but here's what I don't understand. There are people on this station who do you're astro? We don't have any guests on the show. If I had a brain guest on here, where the money they're paying me, to do an entertaining show, I say, I'm still a man. I don't understand this kind of money. But I said here with George and Chris and whatever other bozos are having Josh once in a while. And we do, you know, we just fly by a automatic pilot. But if I'm getting paid a lot of money, I've got to bring some expert on it. I mean, if you're supposed to be a sports host, then I have a what do you need? So, that's what I'm supposed to know these things. That's right. What do I need to bring some windbag on? Some loudmouth, squeaky voice windbag. Who's on? I still say change the color. There's W IRA. I already all I wrote all day. What do you say? That's a bad WIND is already taken. Yeah, when is in Windbag? WINBAG? WINBAG? Oh, my God. And you know something here along me that you've all whipped up and excited about this? And I don't get it because of the fumes. I'm out of my mind. I'm out of my head. I'm almost on my mind. I'm going to stop pitching about the lowest or what? No. But when you stop pitching, we'll know you did. Right. 1171 on the pool man. I think by the bottom of the hour, we got 1200. We're 14 today or I'm going away. If we don't do 14 ever votes, we're leaving the 1250 to mark it up. All them putting in. Mollons in the Orioles tomorrow, 1250. Wow. Here's the video. 1175 votes. What's your take on the Canadian Bowtown Morning Show on QMX on Monday through Friday, 7th at 10am, morning with Kenny Walker, who's like a real broadcaster, and Kim Bo Kamper, who's not end-to-toast, who's got a lot of stupid ideas like the square to. So toast and click the data upon him. See, what did I tell you many months ago when those guys first went on? Did I tell you that Kenny was a woos and then he was letting him destroy the show? Would I tell you that? I don't remember. I told him to fail. I told you that. I'm the air I told you that. I don't remember. He was allowing them to with all these prefabricated segments and he's letting toast the, if I was him, I'd kick toast ass run on the ear to mow. We could promote it ahead of time. Get a 30-share easy. What's your take on a Kenny and Bo morning show on? You have never heard it, 601.1% of this gigantic neurologist audience never even heard it. They wouldn't know where to find it with both hands. It blows 265. It's okay 256. I love it, 34 only 34, I love it, but not that show. And I hate this pool of your 19 only 1.6%. A 1-6, that sounds like a nice comfortable number. This is Joe Bo on the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. Real American A-holes. Real American A-holes. We salute you. Mr. Support the war in Iraq, but we'll never volunteer, guys. Mr. Support the war in Iraq, we'll never volunteer, guys. You fully endorsed the war on terror, but they don't get American chopper in fact. So it looks like you'll be sitting this one out. Love to watch the turtles there. You're blood boils when you view the carnage on the evening news. But hey, you have seasoned tickets on the 40 odd nine and isn't that the real American dream? Almost made the play up. Sure, your grandfather left an arm in Normandy and Uncle Jimmy still thinks he's in denang. But things are different now. They didn't have to program their iPod. Yeah, boom nice to fuck yourself. The sight of some who seems lifeless body dangling in the air, give you chills. But soda's central air. And that's why you're staying for us. So we salute you. Mr. Support the war in Iraq, but we'll never volunteer, guys. They yellow ribbon knacked it on your hybrid. Your FDNY bulkham and your summer home. You are real American. We got something new working on engineering. It's going to be really exciting. Never tried before radio. We're going to have the audio from QM. Come out everybody's. That's going to be a podcast. It's going to be a bad cat. That's right. It should copyright that. And give me new impressions talking out your ass or whatever that goes. Let me let me be five already by the bottom of the hour. We're going to have 200 man. We could do a million votes today Chris. I always say this like I'm all excited about it. He's like, yeah, yeah. You pretend that you care anyway. Don't you? I love it. See what he's like. Oh, I love that. He's your just a man. You're a good guy. You're just so full of crap. He's jealous now because Josh Curtis came in and keeps telling me he loves me so much. Because he wants me to send him a check and I send the flavor waiver. How's Josh doing the flavor waiver, by the way? I haven't gotten over recently. His hot Russian girlfriend. Well, those are two different answers. Well, a flavor waiver is pretty hot. I don't know if you get a shot of she does, but that's beside the boat. I'm sure he's pretty dare. I'm sure that's the road getting to their very very exactly. Well, what do you expect? Five six seven or more power to all do you a punks? Five six seven, oh five, sixty. And pomp, see what he get to be. I hate to say this because this is an admission to being an old fart. I just don't care about that much anymore. You know, like when I was in Berlin, I came back four days early. I mean, I had like a veritable human meat market over there though. I could have like, and I just, I don't know. I thought I'm not capable. You understand. I don't want you to think that I'm going to. And all the spams stuff. I get like, am I black for a long, I'll use a spanned emails that come in. Most of it is these ED thing. And it must be 87,000 different products for that. Now, I'm thinking, why are they bothering me? I don't have a problem with that. I just sometimes have a problem. I ain't even right partner. That's another stir. Now I actually don't like it. Dead's part of it. No, it's just not that important anymore, yeah? And I'm sure another five six years of I make it that long. It will be like, oh, yeah, I remember what that was all about. Leave that for somebody else. Don't be too way, I'm hello. I am coming with the exercise regimen. I've been doing pushups in the pickle patch. 560, 505, 60, pound, 560. That was a good thanks to you today. But, oh, now that you're losing all this weight, you really need to start on an exercise regimen. I try to tell them Jews don't do exercise, honey. Jews don't do exercise. That's a do thing. The only thing we do is pick up the deposit and put it in the bank. I could tell you straight about my bank, but I better not. WDQAM, hello. We just quit AAM. QAAM, yes. QAAM, yeah. Okay, okay. Okay. That was a, you know, took them all day to take that up. Yeah, okay, Kevin. WDQ was more friends after losing QAAM, hello. Hi, you all the time. WDQAM, hello. Okay, not there. Well, we were on a little bit of a roller actually. We had a few way out. I wouldn't say sensational calls, but somewhat interesting. You know, like, I don't know, Luke warm. Not real high. Like the three bears in the port. Wasn't the Goldie auction in three bears? No, it wasn't. It wasn't. Wasn't too warm as jazz. And that's how I like it. Not too warm and not too cold. Just right. How could it be too hot? Oh, it can be. Can do nice, scalding. If you ever, I go into a restaurant and had soup and they, and they have the thing, he did up so much that actually the soup on the bottom of the container is going to be. Like, like, it burned. You never had that. Never. Why do you very lucky? And you take the first spoonful of that soup, but just, it just scalps your tongue. Like your taste buds. Just get scraped right off an airman. They just are going to be isolated. Whatever. They just are going to be isolated. Whatever. It's all good. Soup like they, they think it's a beast. WQAM, hello. QAM. QAM. No, good afternoon. I don't know. I don't think so. No, okay. That's obvious. WQAM, hello. QAM. That's for Danny Baby. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Sounds like they really got the instruments out today. They must have all their toys out. QAM, hello. Who's those cookie from the cookie? Ya. WQAM. Prozaclan. Yeah. There was one. WQAM. It's good when you even know which one is going to be on which long. It was, it was to show you've done it long enough to know what's going on. QAM, hello. Yes, deal. Yes, sir. Good morning. How are you? I'm okay. How are you, sir? Excellent. Excellent. I need to go through your screen or right to you. That's the way we like it. We don't have no screen run in show. We don't do names. We don't do screeners. We just grab whatever is on there. Okay. That's the way to do it. I got to be a couple of years ago. And I was down visiting for the winter time. And I got to say, you belong in a real marketplace. Do this, my Annie. Come on up to New York. Do what they call. You'll make some big coin up there. Yeah. You mean down there? Yeah. Oh, it's not there. I'm sitting in Toronto right now. Sir, I'm in my box of shorts sitting in my apartment in Toronto. I didn't know that. Well, there you go. Okay. So get with it. Yeah. Come on up to New York. I mean down to New York. Sir, I'm up and by the way, toasting today for a cast and over who loves the Toronto Weather Reports. That's really captivating radio. Yeah. Captivate my ass. Okay. You lose her. Eight degrees. You're going to be 52 and a solid's coming out. Can you believe it? There's actually a temperature. There's such a thing as temperatures in the 50s. So Fahrenheit. I didn't even know that. Wow. So spring is sprung, baby. Whatever that means. I guess that's because we turned to concrete. Maybe if we turn it another hour, it would be like 75 of a certain. Then how many QAM? Hello. Can you believe it? Yeah. We weigh in. And that's not even the right one. So, a favor. WQAM. Hello. When you get far looping hack. If you talk. WQAM. Hello. Fire. WQAM. Hello. Oh, New. Yes, sir. Well, I'm burning. I'm on the way to go to my friends. I'll make a soup. Yeah. I hope I get a good machine. You're going to give you a good machine. I haven't found one in quite some time. I was sedited. Okay. And I just decided, well, I don't feel guilty. With all this money, you know, hanging around in my wood bind wall. It's all went back Sunday. Give it back to them. And there's nothing wrong with that. I'm not complaining about it. Kills him good time. I had a little bit of entertainment. I wouldn't say free entertainment. Free for, you know, a couple of grand, but nevertheless. 1196 on the pool. I've actually a few refreshed that old man. You're going to see maybe 1200 on there. And then Chris is going to, look at what it is. What do you got? My name is 1200 even. What do you got? 12 hundred. 12 hundred even. What did I just get through saying? I bet if I clicked it, it's going to be 1200. That means I got to leave right now and go to wood bind because the good machine with the jackpot is waiting for me right now. The $5 jackpot machine, 3606 grand. We'll stay had never given away one since they had been open five plus years, maybe six years. Come on. If you're going to pretend to give away jackpot, give it up. You know, give it up like once. Once with the good. To this old queen. Give it up. Wouldn't that be sweet? Come on. Give it in. 3606 grand. I'd say you guys are going to something something or the giant. I would send Josh probably a very trick that you guys could just love me. Josh Curtis. Yeah, well, we just like it. Well, that's not good enough, you know. 12 hundred. We're fortunate to be a group of very good assistants. Yeah, well, thanks a lot. Okay, big deal. I'm really impressed. Not. 26 past 11 at 5, 60. We got Jim Manich is actually working today from two to four. Listen, I don't knock that out. And these guys, whatever kind of, I'm for the talent, you know that. If he can get paid the money for work in three days a year, I'm all for it. There's not the numbers allowed, but nevertheless, of course tomorrow he won't be on it all anyway, because we got that stupid ass Marlon exhibition scheme. Do you let's see, he's working Thursday at the rival sports grill. In fact, the whole afternoon stuff is from there. And then he's working again Friday. What's wrong with that? Why are people picking on the mad dog? He's the right. He's doing it. And if I would have just left it, we were even along in the first place. And not kept with his musical chairs. I wish you could have heard that seminar from clearance. You think it was funny when he called you in that thing. We're saying enough to talk religion because of pisses people off. And maybe you could talk with the sports member. He didn't call me in. I wouldn't dare to rent it. Well, whatever whatever the deal was trying to give the fence. If I would have said you that he has no clue, that would be the greatest understanding of the history of the subhuman race. You don't have to tell me. You don't have to tell me. No. Just in case you missed it. I didn't miss it. Thank you, baby. Oh, right. Everybody's in real. We have the ring of reserve. We'll blow fire the pole. Let's be run on this. We're making our day ball. All the hell those are sending. Get only two motories. We're something don't you say. Ooh. There's no self-self-provinning. Bring someone gay. Yes. Everybody can read that. But they should have been. Get the girl and I, friend. Which is a stupid thing. That doesn't mean you need to read that. Or a virtual. If we do a wrong thing, just like no gift. Or do you have free body, sin free hand. To cover their own hands. If you just threw one gay. Welcome to the little ground. Get only two motories. We're making racial slurs. Or if you're under way. Have it to be heard. We are not boring talking. Or something you need to spend. We are not boring for these great sort. Or if you're not too good. Just the fall of the sky. And control your ego. Nothing can apply. 2327, although it's 560, every few end. Well, at four days, dead as a door nail man. It looks really, really grim. And here we're doing a seminar on survey on which, which one of these repetitive host Drain or segments. We probably should have put the segments in there too. You know? Like the outlong table. Yeah. And straight or not gay or whatever that thing is. All of this stuff, which one aggravates them the most. Because of the die for the die of the. No more. I can't take it. No mass to a mass. No mass. From 06 to 1 this pool. What's your take on the kidney and bone morning? Sure on QM. Her 7 to 10 A and Monday through Friday they get no promotion. And quite frankly, would have make a difference. Anyway, never heard it. 6 to 6 10. 6 10. You think that's just, do you think maybe that's an oldman's 6 10? Wild. Oh, I hate that station. It blows. That's over 50% by the way. 15.5% never heard it. They don't know from it. It blows 275. It's okay. 266. I love it. I'd be loving a 35. But that's not too good. And I hate this pool only 20. 1.6%. So I'm a divinity. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Come on. Let's crank this thing up. Okay. Because otherwise all we got is this. You know. That's all we got. What? Almost. He doesn't like Q. I mean. It's like it's like we're expected to be. And it's, you know, at least, at least predictable. It's nothing else. And pound five, 60, and leave a rise in singular wine. This line. These people have cast got their tongue or else. Maybe they are all gone. Talk about drowning on the Titanic. Even the good people in Titanic a lot of may just still. It's one of those things. They may be good people. But then they turned out to be dead good people. It's way cause. W2QA and hello. I don't know. Okay, sir. I think the show won't show when the 10. That 10 year old can give it to George. And I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. He must begin with. This few is must be in his house. I'm telling you. Five, six, seven, five, 60. Come on. Get off your dead asses for a quiet hour. What is with you people, okay? I got a fine pile of stuff here about. You know, Halle Burton and Frank Lottonburg is once a. Investigation. If Halle of the Halle Burton moved to do bisoning to deals with the ranals. I got a whole bunch of stuff. But I don't want to do that. All the gas prices. Thank you Mr. President by the way for those little gas prices. They're just spiking up again. The rate for the public goes on, you know. Did you say gas? I said gas. Give it to him. QAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. You want to go on with two bets here. Absolutely. All the day was the sterile idea for it in Australia. Okay. Now, no cares. Old boring news. My talk about an old toe. Nobody cares. Nobody's going on over there with so much. See this again goes back to the whole concept. You know, the inside of this mentality, the Americans, if it's some celebrity, no matter how burned out or washed out there, like, it's sliced alone. They hear some stupid thing. Who cares what he did? Who cares who if he has wild diarrhea for the rest of his life? Do I give a fine crap about it? No, he might. But I don't. God. Get a life, sir. Get a freaking life. And forget about slice. You know, that that this morning that when they were doing the thing with the escuart table, I headed on really low here in the background. And the answer one guy, the question was, if Rocky was a baseball player, what position would he play? I knew what you like. I'm sorry, the piano player. That's fine. Listen to me. At that point, I was very grateful that I have no sharp object here in the studio. I mean, I could have gone to the kitchen. I got some really sharp knives. But so I was just frozen here in suspended animation like my friend Larry. You know, I thought, did you really, I mean, are you serious about this? Like somebody's going to listen to you asking if Rocky was a baseball player. What position would he play? So what was the answer? WDQAM. Hello. I didn't stay that long. Yes, sir. I'm okay. How are you, catcher? Good question. Then what do you for many an e on a dog's age? Yeah. And the drop you use, it's odd. You use it whenever you talk about healthy. Yeah. Not the squawking, but the sound like somebody's got them over a barrel. Yeah. Is that actually him? Yeah. That's guilty. What's that? That's guilty. It's guilty. See, you're confusing. There's more and there is Howard David. There's more two different people. And there's golea and there's guilty. Okay. But what was happening through him? I was getting a spanking, okay. He was getting a spanking, which is where you're going to get it. He don't do it. Get a life foul. I have no life. From a hundred and sixty votes on the podium, what was happening to the Fractitious character when he was getting a Fractitious spanking and was making those Fractitious sounds, once this got to know with his Fractitious life? When you get the floor to, there should be a big gigantic billboard that says, I have no life. W2AM, hello. You'll, I get to say that in both the speakers. Speak up, sir. Speak up. Come on. I can't hear a damn thing you're saying. Speak up. I better. Dance a little better. Speak in there. I'll, I get to say that I think Kenny and Bo are just not a good shit. Every kind of situation they've set up in the morning for you. It has not been a good shit. I don't know. The amount of how many were blocked they put up. You still persevere. You still make them a ton of money and they refuse to give you any support. Ha ha ha. Yeah. Is this supposed to make me feel better? No. I just want to know what, what did you ever do to them? Yeah. Right. I was one line, yeah. W2AM, hello. QAM. QAM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I've given the chance to that show in the morning. It's just like a constant last crack. It's a yucky old show all morning. Yeah. Yeah. All morning. I'm a little far away with the fall home. Ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah. Yeah. You must be missing the funny parts. Alright, you know something seeing. I mean Rick Roddy's a great idea. I mean also I still, I still laugh from there. Yeah, I don't know the year anymore. I can fast when I see all the people's material. I'll be the first one to tell you. That was a Rick and so, but they're not lying more. So I'm sure next time you're on with suds, they'll tell you, I don't care. Of course he doesn't. He couldn't care less. And by the way he probably hates Rick now too, anyway. Because Rick would always negotiate the contract so you get himself as much money as possible and get his suds, you know, a few bucks. Fuck, sir, you know, he's pretty bucks, you know. I don't think suds is actually capable of hating at all. No, he's just a good guy. Let me just bring those people. Fuck, 20 on the full, oh man, we got, I think we got 14 licked. Call me crazy. You're crazy. 20 11 40. Really? Look at that Democratic Senator Chuck Schumer calls on Alberto Vio 5 Gonzalez to resign. The attorney general in charge. Nice going Chuck. He's good guy Chuck Schumer. You know what, but then again, we don't want to get to the local. Because nobody knew the guy that called in yesterday that was talking about Barack Obama and said, But you know that congressman from Illinois's, uh, Wow. I think for it, it needs a big, you know what we need to do? We need to find a huge, huge, huge sort of gigantic blueberry animal. I think is what would solve the problem. A huge animal man couldn't hurt. There's something to do. Two men have my mother's not around anymore. Ben, she was the expert on that. Really? And a Monday keeps the, he was the first station away. What that was your motto, man. I used to think that she was hooked on candy. And I found that all those chocolate bars, it was really. Excellent. Oh, yes. No, I don't know. She went, when you were a kid, did you, you know, discover the ex-luckance and think it was, you know, candy? No, I know I did not. Give me a little bit of credit, okay? Well, I did. Did you really? Maybe this morning as a matter of fact, I was a kid. Sounds like it to me. I mean, when you're liver falls out, there must be some reason for it. 1221 votes on the pool. A little boy. Oh, hey, you're not going to be there. You can be done, my two. What you should be buying, I'll take the top along. And so I'll say, we turn my mother. I want to get married. But that's my goal, dear lady. I'll catch my black. On the ground, I'll catch my self-confidence. Oh, that's the much money you buy, I'll have done so I'll blow. If you're the weird ones, I'll ask you, if you need a real piece. I'll close the only one that's that. If you're the pretty kids, baby. And so I'll say, you're fair return, my mother. I'll be a dad. But what will they option? Come on, who's just now? I have a two, three places to go here. The return, my mother. I just know people, but no one else. You've got no rights. You say, oh, my teeth. But that's really nice. See, that isn't even a funny bit, but we're going to have to invest. Yes, I think I'm going to accept all my deals. I'll figure it out, just just for my own sake. And you're wrong about the needle by the way. And that's the best part. You've been very lucky. Well, let's go to a good dentist. You know, Shadowway to Drillia. I mean, at least with the needle. I'm telling you, I've got a great dentist. He's risky, man. He's great. Every time I go, they stick any like right into the bone. Right? They get amazing parts about when you're like in a real city like Toronto. And all this comes as a shock to people who think that South Florida is like a real place. But like people, if they're going to stay in business, like you've been old people and medical people, people who are like, like, health care practitioners. They're like great. They're going to be good. As opposed to South Florida, where if you find somebody who's like a good doctor, like, oh my god, let's write this down in our memoirs. You know, like somebody who's not just a pill pusher, a pill pusher. Now, you remember you did a favor for our good friend Christopher this morning? And you put him on that top friend's thing. Well, you don't know why people care about that. If there's no problem with someone who's like, people collect, he says, he's got, look, anybody who says, I'm beautiful no matter what they say. He's a good guy. I'm just, I'm just getting a little bit of it. But anybody who says that on his profile, you know, he's got a little bit of an ego there. And then nothing wrong with that. You know how to do it? Well, but anyways, you did that. And you're going to be so pleased that you did that when you hear what he wrote. Okay. He says, thanks for the top friend Ed. You're the king, but I'll be put over the queen. I said that. He says, by the way, here comes the good part. I know tons in capital letters. I know tons of people who listen to you a ten and turn right, drop right off into. Huh. That's the norm among my friends. We are sports fans, but who the hell wants to talk about sports all day? I would rather actually be participating in them. So it's Christopher. Who called on impressed? Huh? I'm the, I'm Mr. Miss something. Uh. We used to stop. You're not impressed by that? I, I missed it. I'm sorry. I must have brain fart. Okay. Say that again. Christopher, do you get it? You hear what he said? That he likes to play sports, not listen about it. Oh, that. Okay. This is, I know tons of people. You're just not paying any attention to this. I don't know what you're already the pass out. What you think it's not dope. That's no excuse. Okay. When you're dead, let me know another. Really great. Look at the drill and air hole in here. That may be my dentist. There. Maybe he heard me get a running. What a great job he does. So maybe he was here to get drill. I got filled yesterday. Maybe you ought to get drill today. Well, I passed out. They get two. And was there a big her day that gets started by the, Okay. You can see the green fumes being pumped into his side. Can I read this to you? Just try to like shake your head a little bit. Slide yourself a little bit. A little bit there. That's it. He's behind it. I know tons of people listen to you at ten and drop right off. And two, that's the norm of my friends. We are sports fans. But who now wants to talk about sports all day? I would rather actually be participating in them. He said. Amen, brother. See? Well, that's isn't too soon. Because you know what? How do you say that? You said the word sports in my brain shut off. I'm sorry. You better watch your right now, Mr. You're going to wind up on Clarity Schmidt list already there. Oh. And everybody else in the building, I know already here. Actually, you know, you know, you know how they put the, Those clamps. I don't want to give too much of the dental thing. Because I'm all done for a long time. I know the, the blindest thing. The what? The blocks. No, not the blocks to keep your job. But when they're going to like put the filling in, you know, and they have this like middle clamp. They put on there. And then they take that instrument that sticks the, the filling thing in there like in the, And slot whatever. And he, he had the thing clamped on so hard. I want, because, you know, your gum is iron. In fact, on that side, he didn't even, on the exercise that they, on the other side. Huh? Whatever. He's good though. And I think that a lot of these guys, I see this anyway. The enjoy the pain. 1241 votes on a very important poll as QM. We are trying to put the pieces of Greg Reed's puzzle back together. We had a course, Joe Bill. Joe is a good guy, but he, oh, look at that. Oh, no. Oh, darn us. Oh, this is bad news. What? Oh, you know how they do that. How they do that. How they do that. You didn't hear about that? No, I love this start. I said, I probably have been in that way. I was looking at this casino for me in Vegas always was this start. I said, I had a couple of good machines there, man. That always were really loosey, loosey, loosey, loosey, loosey, loosey, loose my machines. And I, I used to do pretty good the start of us. And the sports book there, I like to as matter fact. And they just knocked it in thing down. Don't you love that when they do that in Vegas, when they're ready, when they're just outlived, it's useful. Listen, every place with something else for about five billion dollars. But unless you just, they just detonate that thing and, there are codes. Did you see it? Yeah. Yeah. That was pretty exciting. I love this start of us. And they had, what's that place I told you to have one in falls view and agro falls. What's happening? What's like a, like one of those old fifties, hamburger joint type places, Johnny, oh, Johnny Rockets. Okay. I can't believe I actually remember that. There used to be a place like that in the start of us before they tore it down. And then they went out anyway. But it was like one of those old fifties places with a juboxes and, you know, in a great little place in the whole, I go like a diner and booze and things like that. Yeah, I like that. Oh God. I, this start of us with small team man was a good place. I don't think I'll ever go back out there though. It's a long slip. I can understand if you look like an LA or you live like, I don't know, the same Louis, San Luis, but they go all the way to Vegas. I mean, I can go, I can go right up to her. She, how are you here if I want to lose my ass? 248 votes on the pool. We got 1400 made in the shade. You can take it to the bank. Chris, market down right now. Take it to the bank. Take the money honey. Why should they hit 1400 regular payers? Yeah, 14 cent. I mean, how long you've been on a show like two months? Oh, my green one, but the show, I mean, just overall being. What else do you do there? Do you do other work at the station? We said, work on the famous on the legendary New Roger show. I work your show. I work on Sundays. I do the hurricane. Now, are you on a show? I don't know. I don't know. You used to be on the guy with no punch. I mean, the show when I worked out in the show. Wow. No. Is he as goofy? All the years he is on here. No punch is poode. He's a very intense person. What does that mean? So his Robert Greeper for that matter. You know, the Robert Greeper for the Green Meeper, the Lord of the Board. If Kenny Walker says that again, I'm going to come down there. You can ooze him. I'm going to blow his brains out of him. Fine. The Lord of the Board, the King of the, oh, Jesus, God, Robert Greeper. You know, if you're going to kiss he kiss you up to somebody, Kaye, they're in at the entourage in the morning. He isn't the one to be kissy, kissy, kissy. Okay. Trust me what I'm saying. In any respect, he's our best friend. Why do you keep saying that? Because he's part of the movie exchange program we have going here. An integral part. This is George Rodriguez. That's right. 17 years old man is working together. And you will sell out to some quizzing like that over a bunch of free movies. Good choice. By the way, what's the one you're sending? I have a watch here that you're taking from me. So great raising of raising her is our. Another guy called his brother's daughter. She's not in a lot, but the part that she is, she's great. I see. Oh, look at that fisherman drowns while trying to rescue a whale. Oh, in that of shame. Well, at least a whale still live anyway. I guess. I don't know. I don't know. I don't care. But this, this is what makes news in America. Okay. Fishman drowns while trying to rescue a whale. What a whale of a guy. That probably put like a picture of a flipper on his tombstone. Speaking of flipper, I may, yeah, I bet you have a lot to be. Now, I see that's bad. I don't know what watching those old flipper shows again would loop calpentry when he was like, you know, 17, 16. I don't watch that. That's bad. He was underage. He was always running around naked. Oh, hey, Sandy. Sandy, flip your magic twangers for Sandy. And then with these to say, and I show it, that's the wrong show. Right. It's a good thing you didn't. 255 votes. What's your take on the. And both. See, I may tell you a story about how I'm, you know, not the same as I am still the same old prouver. I don't care what I say. Just this week, I heard what I said before. In fact, I think I'm worse than ever to be honest with you. I don't know if I didn't believe it. I'll tell you that, business. Because you think it's only old-farks like me that are out there punching the guests. There are some young living and breathing people of all three sexes out there. It would buy in Bully and Niagara Falls. It falls view. Whoa. Woo. Heavy duty, man. It is just, if you better bring some oxygen with it, because you're going to be breathing pretty heavy, no matter what your first wage no matter how much you may be getting. That's always, I bet I'm going to be oxygen to work. Yeah. You could use somewhere now. Once you take on the Canadian Bow Morning Show on QA in 355 votes, how do we hear about it? Yeah. It's starting to start as to dust. And there it goes. Oh, what a shame. I spent many hours at place. I love the start of us. It's imploded on the biggest strip. I'll be damned. From ashes to ashes, from dust to dust to dawn, what do I don't know what's all about? Can I get back to this place? Yeah. Never heard of Morning Show. I'm at $334. $4.50 a half percent. Probably because of all that promotion we're doing for them. Not. It blows $2.89, maybe because that's a fact. It's okay $2.74. That might be a fact. I don't know. I can't listen long enough to find out. I love it only $37.2.9 percent. Loving it. And I think that includes the people on the show voted. And I hate this poll. So at least we're not generating the usual sound for what I hate to do. That's a positive. I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdalene. Massage my balls while listening to the meal Rogers 12 tomorrow. If your party snacks taste like hell. This year at Christmas serve Jesus of Nazareate. Your guests will say holy cow when they bite into these singular-edge treats. And Jesus of Nazareate come in a variety of flavors from alipeno to alunuga. Get a snack, he would have liked. And the taste worth paying for Jesus of Nazareate. It's your salvation, this Christmas. There's a Jesus of Nazareate shop on businesslooperating. Right next to Chrysler Almighty Mortar. Oh, right. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. It is. Jesus is doing all right All right He's actually working today Jim and it's marketing done and we got hangs chairman preview show today baby And now wait a minute. What just happened? They changed his kids all in other words Frank Hath is gonna be on today's gonna be on tomorrow Okay, that was the change because there's an asterisk here something like that Well, what difference is it make like I said we want to hear the hump or not Frank Hath? I don't even know who that is who's Frank Hath Chris Tell me the basketball coach for you university of my opinion. Oh my god. Well, who the I'll not see your ham It's a good guy Is he really? Yeah, I'm taking out to you who now who's the dark. I'm talking guy. It was the previous basketball coach. What's his name? Leonard Hamilton Leonard Hamilton. Well, you're the one and then the bad one we use Can I finish the story please? I didn't ask you for his biography or for you. So that's the one that's the one. I'm gonna handle them But you're too you're so preoccupied. We don't want to go into a whole bunch of stuff about the keys Leave that to clearance. Okay, the keys. I'm at my middle-neutral one time. I was coming up here And I'm waiting for the plane. I and I go to like the concession stand and guy big good black guy comes over to me Neil. I said yeah. I'm Leonard Hamilton did you just want to know what somebody comes up to me says Neil did you? Are you listening to me? Yeah, yeah, what are you going? Hello? What was that that's Chris hands when the phone with the mic opened Well, you mentioned the phone for Because someone was paging us who was my team in a restaurant who was it? Someone's out at the front desk for George Glenn or something Someone's out at the front desk. We're not really drugs. Yeah. I wouldn't surprise me. I don't know something anyone drugs When oh, that must be the guy for me and I with a whole bunch of CDs. Oh, all right. Go get him. All right. Be right back. Okay, cuz this is about the here's a fact San says Happy debut for wood by Wednesday. Oh, yeah, tomorrow could be like could be a great day or could be a disaster Cuz I'm a rocket 1250 tomorrow means it won't a clock my buddy my lesbian uses a terrorist cab driver's coming to pick me up a one Get an hour head start. I'm losing my ass. I want to find a good my she-man Yesterday it's in the power hour. Maydog and him were both in the wonderful W.C.M Studio and we're saying it's 100 degrees in that you might Oh boy And we're said this place is unfit for human consumption would never pass in special no Schmidt. It says I immediately thought of poor George in the crew That really places on acceptable It says Neo a few stay with this ranking in cooperation it could kill the crew. Yeah, but the good part for me is I'm not there See if the air in here is very I've got two not just one, but I've got two air purifier things in my apartment here Maybe this is a little bit overkill, but I do I have a little there He I'm still here. I don't think two of them would do the trick in here. I sent Chris out. You know, oh good good Good luck. Well, he could use the exercise It says this may be a great time to take one for the team and jump ship to anywhere else Well, what are these people talking about Sam jump ship? You could also rescue Curtis and bring him back to the full no offense Chris. Oh, Curtis. I thought it's a Curtis Curtis Well, what does that mean? Bring him back to the full. What are you sure pick it on pork Chris? You know it's a good thing. He's out of the room He probably be wounded. Oh, yes. Oh He's back when you hear the guy just took a shot. You could also ask the judge court is bringing back no offense Chris But how will he not be offended when you're picking on his poor still know it? Sam says just like this. They should be in an Unwecoverable tail spin and the basically could bust out with an all-day sports music face in the tree tops Love you Neil you rock Sam play as shameless request for our favorite old Neil I love the ending when George takes off the only segue scooter. I don't even know if I would play that do I would play that bit you have It's good Now live okay, I won't get to it eventually. I don't have time for right now Because I want to get back well, what are these people talking about? I'm not going anywhere I got almost two years left on this deal, okay? And the 10th and the 25th of every month. They're very happy days in my life In fact the 9th and 24th of very happy days because my church you have a date early You know, I just want to say this okay. I realize there's a lot of loyal people out there and I appreciate it and you know all that stuff But I want you to come right down to this and you people have worked for a living which is most of you Yeah, are you working because you love where you work? Because you think that there's some kind of a job where you're gonna be ecstatic and they're gonna treat you phenomenal or are you working because you want to survive is it called? Survival of the dumbest is that never saw about sure survival get paid and then the son talking about getting that money honey All this business about what yeah, so technically that play there and why do you think I don't want to be in that building first of all I don't want to drive through the rush hour to go there every morning, which is a pain in the ass Which means you have to get up and help a lot of the sugar than I do here You know what time I get up here? What about about Oh 74735 sweet yeah, I go about all my bodily functions and all my stuff and I come in here And I check my emails and go through a bunch of you for you with all that and then I talk to you for an hour and I haven't ever do this for hours I'm sitting here my box of shorts and a son of shine in out there and it's already 50 degrees on the 12 13th of March What's not to like in a real living and breathing city with real living and breathing friendly wonderful nice people who like look at you and like and they hold the door open for you And it's a smile and if you get off the elevator have a way night a You two a I'm so so what's this guy? I'm in sure I'm complaining about the technical thing We have all kinds of problems that happen here because of what's going on down there But I called around on my hands and easy yesterday and I'm a show too What was wrong with that now? That was actually kind of fun. No, it was on the end and it was fun Amy because if he was fun because I actually got the thing working I got this thing straight new as you'll see right now. You'll see Q a. I'm hello Hey, nearly that morning shows seems like you've said can five and everything can force a rather listen to an endless loop of fog Parting quite frankly. No, that's got a starting this Monday. Oh cool. Hey, there's a show up there That's a talk show station up north the Palm Beach. I won't mention it. I'm not trying to give them any air I don't know but it runs all day off off the only time that you scored is on the weekend Just a couple of people happy and they have great ratings. What is it? I love that love doctor station Yeah, exactly and they actually give you a picture could of they don't push your ball the love Not really I have no idea what they ever that love me and they're always kissing my ass I hear that's why I get spy reports Yeah, now they think guys they like you they never talk and even said they go they're trying to get something third-challenge Bring you on down here and the guy that had guy that even said listen I know I can't take the audience I can you know, but I could probably get a little bit of a bridge thing guys But you know even said you wouldn't come down here and take your ass They know where they stand and where you stand They're here. Well, thanks thanks for the memory. Thanks a lot, pal. No problem Probably anyone votes and the pool will have 13 very shortly. We got you know something I really think I know you're gonna call me crazy on this Chris is gonna say boy you're a crazy person. I know that I Think we got an outside shot at 50 hundred. I can't remember the last time we ever got 15 and Revotes on a pole during the show. Can you? No, you're crazy person Chris is gonna say boy. You're gonna carry the way old man Yeah, carry this carry this away I just said now side shot. I'm not saying we're gonna do it, but we're gonna have a big number there today If we could get a big number in the next trend like we are here on the pool Now this is a good sign man when we get like heavy duty action on the on our our website and on the pool That's a good sign. I mean somebody's out there and Hopefully maybe you know five of them will get a diary for the next trend so we don't be diary over here. Not good WCWM hello Hi Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing great. Hey What's called I'm a up here in O'Cowell. Well, let's say yes Sitting here at the O'Cowell airport Guess who's played has been front of me to take off at the O'Cowell airport. Queen now your buddy John Travolta quantist airline Boeing Yeah, don't they get his Get all of it. Can I look at the closet John you and the and the R. Kelly and Tom Cruise good a closet Yeah, he's in the closet all right. I don't know about that movie. He just came out kind of like a stinger too Yeah, well, he's in it But his uh, yeah, it's big old planes on the tarmac here at the O'Cowell You would you say wait wait to that big old plane okay the big old John Travolta that big old plane He's in big old calo there with a big house country man. He's house in a row Comment or anyone votes on the pool boy. This is a very stellar day See this is the one thing because I'm a survivor. I haven't told you that. Yes, you have I'm a survivor And it's quite of the fact that the Titanic's going down I'm gonna get one of them old used rubber rafts that George finally with his old family came over on To make your mama didn't drown on it by the way. Well, we run an airplane, but I like to say rubber raft Yeah, it's more fun anybody can be on a plane I know that's the Lord boring in it and if you're mother to see a view of him smart you like punch you to hold on her side of the ramp And just why you say we start a hand like oh mama mama see that you know I'm pretending you were trying to pull her back I'm so sorry slipped could have told some trouble in the water too, but I didn't You know some chump in the water right WQAM hello Now there's the QM promotions department meeting Well, they're trying to whip up a little excitement for you know We certainly don't want to do any TV or any newspaper or billboards or any kind of tangible thing like that because then somebody might find it by the way Jim Madison's on two to four again now I have to laugh when Karen tells me see he believes he really believes this and Christian have a very good point about most people even if we're sports fans like me We don't want here people talking about the same old crap What is there to say you know even if we were in the middle of football season if the middle of the NFL season what is there to say about it? You know how how many times can you dissect and chew it up and spit it out and puke up your guts about the same thing over and over You know I mean a hundred hundred times hundred thousand I guess You know my little bit of giving me and Danny Jimmy and Danny yeah, I think Yeah, that's what it runs me like that Over and over Don't you understand and then the whole problem is because the bees Lee's having at least Bruce Bees Lee's a sports nerd and of course Greg Reed So therefore because he likes it the audience is gonna like it and he ever even bothered asked the question Like it say if he would ask that maybe they got an album is and now we don't think so Uh-huh you stick with it. It's like if I want to talk about harness racing all day, okay? Since parents are so sports intensively things we ought to be doing like a lot more sports on the show I guess Now that we're kind of like leveling off down to their number here's Tampa Bay downs horse racing and a thoroughbred racing 12 minutes to the first race at 10th of eight downs The one is scratched and The favorite is the five is six to five you know we can do some of that stuff too. I mean we'll be down like a fraction I like a point one a point one All right, you know cover the cost of the upkeep there you go. I could do a hot-and-drop Lisa midday Police go Not 91 on the pool. I'm coming to the other try Clarence ought to be shot Stopanna live about liberal cement, it's the deal not your show I like to eat open some more good night. There are times like the American five inch. Now, when you guys all ride on some of the things. This is why they are a terrible appeal. I love the way that I've been ended. The witch haven't been the same since the book of Dianne time. I know. I had done with some party quite great through. But then I didn't go much at dancing. Of course, it's not easy. Flying back there from Roger VII. I know. Thank God. I'm here. It's all over for you, push, left stuck on earth. Yes. President Noelle. Well, if you're lucky that Crackhead is the last bush to rig an election. Who's on this line? WCM. Mr. Rogers. Speaking. I was in the public checker-electaker today. Sir. And let me tell you that clip-out coupons in Thursdays paper are the shaving. I discovered to myself. No, is this the check-out dress? No. It was not too for 99 cents on the contrary. Got them all. It was too breakstone for 99 cents. No. I don't know about you. That's right. I tried to handle me two breaksstone, but I tried to breakstone cottage cheese. When they're coupon clearly stated. Well, use the cottage cheese that's grown in your toenails. Now, who's this line, seven and nine? Clean on penal colony, hello? I've got it in there. Three tires. No. Okay. I got it. You know, I got a really nice one. You hate my contract. How about a one minute show, huh? You can throw the other three minutes. That's right. No, cut your brain as next. You're going to throw it. Bye bye. That is a great thing. You ought to force me to play that more often. Like about every five minutes. I'll play it 100 times now, just making for a lost time. And then I'll ask, do you like it? Third, look at that. 13.0 one, Christopher. How do you like that? On our right, you're not Christopher. You're Chris. Chris, it was not the lunch anyway. Everybody's not the lunch except me. 13.0 one on this pool. What's your take? I'm going to get a little bit of a constructive or destructive advice here. But our whole programming thing you're QM because the transit came out on Friday. If I had the funeral march, I would play it. I don't have it. I don't have it. Or taps. Could we play taps? I don't got no taps. You got taps? How about on your shootin' us? I'm restarting the computer for the 23rd. What is paradise? What is that? Tonight on E. It gives us another rema. And we show we should have canceled before the first episode. Terrodice. Oh, I like it. Wait, man. We're going to about 5th. That's crap. Oh, hello. And thank you for calling kidneys taste of the oil restaurant. We're every week we feature a different celebrity favorite dish. You know what I'm in the mood for right now because I just played a little bit of that. I'm in the mood for Chinese for chinks. Yeah. And maybe some food too. 567, 560 and pound 560 and they Verizon singular. Wireless line. One thing about them, oriental people. Man, a lot of them are really, really, very smooth and beautiful. And they're all very horny. I'll say that. That's what there's a big in Chinese people. I think extremely horny. The men, the women and the others as well. 308 on the full man. If we could get to 1500 day, this would be it would be on a front of variety magazine. It would be like a big billboard. It would buy in the arroggers. It gets 1500 votes on a pool during the show on a Tuesday and a less in the middle of March. Now the item artist Thursday, right? What is this significant for the eyes of Marsha? I forget about all that crap. That's when according to Shakespeare. Yes. Cornel, old, chrome, or Julius Caesar. Beware of the eyes of March. And that's when he was stabbed. Oh no. A2 a brood day. See, you silly brood. And then what he said, you silly brood. We know those Romans, man. They were all about the... Yeah. Well, they were all about everything. 567, oh for well, at least they spread it around a little bit. 567, oh 560 and pound 560 and the Verizon singular. Wireless line. Do any QA and hello. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. It's one of the points I'm not enough to get noticed. But everybody's all whipped up into a frenzy about this joint cheese guy and the comments he made about homosexuality. Yes. And then in the same news cycle, we've got George Hitler Walker Bush making a homophobic joke. I just friend given him out the mouth. And everybody thinks it's all cute and funny. Well, what do you want to do? You want to bear in mind. Well, what do you mean? The media is retarded and George Bush sucks and whatever. Okay, thanks for receiving me, obviously. Okay. 13 away. It's really great. I don't know why I'm pushing so much in this full. Let's see who release played in it. I know we got a game. There's Carlo Coliacobo. Hey, Carlo. Little defensive. Good once in a while. Okay. You stink. Easy. Okay. Good kid. He means well. But he stinks. 13. I got those for a moment. I had no one seven. Okay. I mean, he did get down to a one point when he was doing when he stuck on the afternoon between two and four old. Everybody had a one point. Oh, arms with both. And two to four. And all that stuff. There are a follow-up. Wasn't too good. And then of course they put that on there. Oh, my god. The stuff that is going on. And why did they do that? Because he's Carls' boyfriend. Which I didn't even know that after all those years. Remember that I found that out? Yep. Two of them are tated in a snare drum and hell. WDQAM hello. Hi, new eyes, everything going. Everything is great. So the sonny shining is a wonderful day. And there we go. Two here in Miami. I always thought the eyes of Marcia Shakespeare was from March and never. March 15. Oh, okay. I'm wrong. I'll fix the thing. Don't be defensive about this. I say I'll see what the mile was on the 10th of May. You know. Right. That's true. I'll get it. Okay. What an educational show. Yeah. I guarantee a good roasting scene. Transverging. I'm going to be telling you about the eyes of March. And nothing. Oh, there's a. I don't know the arena. It's a forget about all the other problems in life. The sports is no more than a diversion. That's all it is. There you go. See, that's what I make this up in talking sports. Gravity, it means it's just a perversion in diversion. All right. The only problem is that most people in South Florida don't want to be that they've voted or perverted. Although they were. We'd probably rather be doing something. A perverted. Then talking about the game is your job is just the game. You know, or whatever it is. Sports. I think the anti crisis got something with the whole concept of sports talk radio. Okay. Intrinsingly evil about it. Whatever that means. QA and. WQAM. Hello. A.D. Yes. I do a lot of maintenance work at WEDLINE MOLCH. Yeah. Do you use the same funny voice when you go to those places? No, no, no. Hi, you. I don't blame them. They have me plugging the holes. Yeah. They do. Yeah. Right, though. I'm sure I know which one. He's the one. He's the one. He's the one. He's the one. He's the one. He's the one. He's the one. He's the one. He's the one. He's the one. He's the one. You know, that's the funny part. Most of what they got on here. If you take Joe Rose out of the mixes, they say, you know, if you take him out of it, they have no broadcasts on over there. They got about to silly people on here. And he's still kicked our ass to sports segments. And as a matter of fact, in this last trend during the month of January, in midday they beat us. Well, at least 10 to 3 anyway. 10 to 2, I'm sure we may have aged them up, but it was like neck and neck nose to nose with Sid Rosen, those shorts cramps. That's how bad. That's how the mighty have fallen at QM. This radio station basically, one of these days, you're going to turn on five, 60, and there's going to be nothing there. Right? Not a different format. Well, it is a different format. It's called dead air. Hey, let me show you. Let me give you an example. How was that? Well, there's John Coniors. I love him. Yeah. You go John. It beats that bastard. And he's so sassy. John, there's a guy with some balls. John Coniors. 27 past noon, a QM used to be great. Good. If you see guys, Nick and Hudson, whatever the heck it is, and the people I call in, they're just like them like that they were on the, what a court, the weeds and they're high. And they're... Honey, it's terrible. But he is that I've been looking at listening to 610, and I'm a kid. There was a no farmer who lived down here on, he sat in the middle just shaking his fist at some boys who were down by the brick. They're feeding the water, their hands on their marbles and play things and have past wars. They're came a young lady. She looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruffles and laces and white-club feet dug. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children's old age would not spin. While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling, rep you send litter from yesterday's hunt. While the girl in the middle was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dark. He looked like a man with a size of all home in the country with a big men's out front. If he asked her, unlike they she'd show him her and then dope that dog who was subject to this. And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her fault and her hands with a movement so quick. And then she'd bend over and suck down his candy. So tasty made of butter, scotch. And then he spread whipped cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf. If you think this is dirty, you can go to the yourself. Oh, right. Okay, it's a 1233. I think we got a shot on this. I'm trying to do the math. You know what I'm just so with the pool thing here today. It's not a big deal, right? It is to me. You see, it's an ego thing. Not for that I have an ego, but maybe I work on it in my old age. You know, what would you like to have me, before you croak how about an ego would be good? Because after 31 years in his market of being knocked down and stepped on and roadblocks play a putting your place, how much of an ego can you have? Working a bunch of a dunderhead. No, medium low. I did not leave the stove on again last night. It'd be pleased. See, I learned my lesson. That's good. Didn't leave the stove on again last night. Nice calling me. I'll see you now. The scene I was George thought. Close. 1326 on the pool. Which means we got let's see. We got an hour and 26 minutes, is 86 minutes. And we need 100. Oh, I think we can do it. Chris doesn't believe me. Do you? Let's see the realized audience. Would you listen to me? Ask not what you need. Rogers can do for you. The legendary, the, let is ask what you could do. For your legendary tacos. Hop on at pull and vote until vote and put your hands bleed. Vote and turn your keyboard starts bleeding. How do you like that? Huh? That's our song. Dramatic enough for what? From the soul drama queen, huh? 1327. See, I don't like that expression, but you know something like that. If I look in the mirror, I see a reflection of the expression drama queen. Uh-huh. Ha ha ha. Well, that's not good. And you should be beaten me up about that. You should be screaming me. What else wrong with you? Idiot. That's just, that's just me, yeah? I mean, well, we love you. So how would you say last hour? I'll change my mind. Maybe it's the tunes. Is that what it is? Or is it the old thing next hour? Is it the idea my sense of money to judge courtist and not you guys? Is that it? What am I gonna say? You money for? I'm fine. If you're worth fine, what am I saying? You money for? You like me? Uh-huh. Not that much. What? What's your take on the Kenny and Bow Mornings? You're on QM 1330. Oh, this is so exciting, man. This is better than having wild hemorrhides. We need 170 volts. Let's do the math. I hate that expression. This is perfect. 85 minutes. And we need 170 that's two minutes. Now what I always say about two-boats a minute, which isn't really very much. You know, they should be coming in a big chunks. Now that I've called on the audience, called on the troops 1332. There's a pair. There's a big juicy pair. 1332. Grab them if you can. What's your take on the Kenny and Bow Mornings? Show on QM. Never heard it, 677. That's almost 51%. That's not good. That means they need some help in more ways than one. So now we know that toast is a one behind it. Off a square table, round table. Uh, all I've picked the around hole in your square peg. Jesus God. It blows 306. It's okay to 87. I love it only 40. Only 3% of the new larger show. Love the Kenny and Bow Mornings Show. We need to have a lot more love. Okay. So I love you. We're just professing for me. See if it's for the morning show. Of course you can't love it unless you listen to it. And you won't. Well, you won't. No. And I hate this pool. I need to know anybody else. 22. 1.6%. Out of 1,300, let's see. I'm going to refresh it again. I clicked that baby. 1340. You see the way that came in? Eight folks just came in like, just like that. Like magic. Oh, brother. The excitement is almost, it's like psychosexual and so phenomenal. Whatever that means. It's like psycho-assomatic. Just start saying a lot. That's what I'm going to start doing. Just say a lot of words and play a lot of music. Yeah. That's a new format here. Okay. Can't do any worse than sports dog. So what do you think about the game last night, George? I think you know. Is it going to bother me? I didn't play any often. Well, I don't know. Somebody finish them. That's it. I'm going to slap you a little while. Don't sound. I'll say about sports sickness. I'll leave TV. I'm watching the least practice right now through your panel of the Senate. There it is. Isn't that the same? I'll buy nice long babies. There's no good. There's no good. Anybody else? That's okay. And this one's going to be. I've got a five feet wide. Well, that's why the least keep losing. But it ain't. It's why they're not going to make the play off. There's Darcy Tucker. There's the man. You demand Darcy. Number 16 in your heart. Do you have any idea what I'm talking about? Well, good. But when I'm in co-haired like on a date like today, this is when this show kicks big, pimply, bloody ass. Make no mistake about it. When I'm in co-haired, when I'm like, no, and I have no reason to be. I don't know. Maybe this is maybe it's the hangover from the most of those numbers. I was Friday. Or maybe it's Karis coming in this morning. And admitting to me that he hasn't got the first through how to find first, based with both hands and some assistance from you. And all those other boyfriends that are building. You know, see this is the thing. You know, he's got to have the naked pictures because he's got Joyce in his left pocket. He's got Joe Bell on his right pocket. And I'm afraid to ask what's in between those two pockets. I don't think too much. Remember that day I told you I was, he came in the studio and he was like, How do I say this delicately, okay? With adjusting his package in a very overt way as I was sitting at. I don't know what he was trying to get me like all whipped up. I mean, believe me, Clarence, nothing you can do that's going to get me excited. Okay? Trust me. When I tell you, I think I think out of five of the sexual harassment suit against him. Can you can you even believe that? Somebody that looks like him. Maybe I figured it wouldn't matter, you know. I think what he was doing was like a one man search party is what he was doing. And he had a look of consternation on his face. Oh, geez. Un successful search. Start again. 21 till. You almost think the gas fumes were in here, wouldn't you? Oh, it could only help. Yeah, I can't. I think we could have the same level. Now he's the air conditioning on the day or what? Because Hank was vision the other day about how was 180 degrees in there. Yeah. And of course the reason for that is they have to keep turning the AC off because the fumes are so bad. And how do you want to die poison gas or heat stroke? Wow. How about a combination of all of the, both of these. All of these things. 1347. Let me see that let me do the math on this 153. And we got 81 minutes. Oh, I think we're starting to take a little move on to the upside. See that? The ratio is starting to give a little bit better in our favor. Let's watch the least practice here. Practice makes perfect going. Our perfect losers. Who would they plan tonight? To all of Toronto at Washington. No, wait a minute. I don't know who they're playing. I don't really care. We'll be each other. We'll be each other. We'll be each other. We'll be each other. We'll be each other. Huh? Huh? I'm dying on the end. You're fairly. You can't believe the language I hear on TV. Every other word is enough. Send a T. You can use the payment cable as a whole of words. But now the networks let their act discharges. There's a wind inside the distance of Santa Fe. All the dire log and take for FN of T. Swear and like a sailor all the free day pass. Words all on words then ask. Thanks. Back to them. I can't wait for that. Let's put it in the weekend. I don't miss it. You're really a fan extraordinaire. You're a fan. I mentioned this year that I'm watching all those guy. Five of the things on spike. Yeah. And even on the cable now, they're bleepin' words. Because the fancies government and the FCC, you've got everybody so panicky now that even the cable channels are bleepin' words out. I really just frosts my fat ass. How come I don't hear anything? What do you want to hear? This. Oh. Can you give your loyal Dean to a Jew before you unblug? Thank you. Come on. Thank you. You know my father did business with Ivan Roth. He respected him. Your father did business with Ivan Roth. Your father would expect him to grow. I was just saying, you're a boy, Johnny. Oh, God. I don't know what it is about. But you know me, I get on these kicks every now and then. That's all right. We all do. That's a good thing. I'm not afraid. You can just love though that stuff, man. I just love it. See now the next time that's on, I'm going to definitely. Just like I got you that little Richard thing. And I don't think you're saying, Amy, credit for that. You got it? You want to learn that thing? Help me. Somebody help me. And then there's no look out. That's what was your mission. Because luckily, I had this tape rolling and that's five that guy goes five showed up right in the middle of the odd father part two and there was. And I had a friend and per cent, right from this old queen. And then the George dropped his screen right in the bull this morning. That's another story. But next time when I got five to two is on, I want to get the part where they're in the Senate hearings, you know. And we have a sworn statement from you that, you know, Michael Crolley on my John, he's going to be FBI. Yeah. Yeah. And I said, Michael Crolley, I'll be the one that I said, yeah. Sure. If that isn't one of the great scenes in the history of the human race, forget about even movies, just in life in general. Yeah, sure. He's beautiful. We love your Frankie. Okay, Frankie five angels. I get out the razor blade and still your wrists. WDQ. Hello. Hey, pal. Yes, pal. Yes, pal. Yeah, listen, I don't want to make a mistake yesterday and it's a junior senator, not a junior accomplishment. I will apologize for that. Yeah, give you a little bit of a embarrassing. It was. I'm sorry. Now he's like a special great ideas. But what I'm trying to say is, what are you trying to say? What I'm trying to say is, what are you trying to say? Do you think that the... Well, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Do you think is not saying something? Yes, a question. Okay. Please. I don't believe that the people will understand what he's saying is what needs to be done to this country. That way, we've been so negative about. He's great. He's dynamic. He's a great order. Let me tell you right now. Okay, mark this down on your arm and enveloping. Okay, Barack Obama is your next president. Okay. Just remember was the 13th of March of 2007, 1248 PM. That old Neil God told you, the legendary Neil God. What did that Barack Obama's next president? Then I don't give a crap how, you know, whether they do a tendency if a skin is over a five on a Richter scale. How dark it is, how light it is. I don't care. You'll see. Okay. He's going to set this country on fire, baby, or at least your country. There's palmaries. Same palm, come here, team sucks over. I guess, consider, all this is on the ice. It's a must cover label. He's a... like, he's on queer street right now. He got his clock clean. Whatever it hell that means. Well, I don't want to go there. WDQAM hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. I was wondering if we could inquire the Georgia's ever type of cereal. WDQAM hello. Chris. Man, a quick quick quick quick. You're fairly WDQAM hello. You got a hello for sale. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. Um, I'm a little light here at what I'm going out with a serpent tank. Now, I'll think of all these people sitting there making all this jack-a-coff-cuff. What the hell goes on in South Florida, man? Beautiful dirty should be out of joy in the name, stuff. And there's this jack ball around. You know? And that's just South Florida, man. You got to get out and do. Get your- I'm out, man. I ain't coming back in. I'm going to see you first. I get out. And I'm not getting like into Godfather. I'm not going to say, oh, and how they drag me back in. Like Michael said, and Godfather, three. Just when I thought I was out. And they dragged me back in or whatever the hell he said. They pulled me back and what he said. He said something like that. Nobody said. Nobody said. I don't want my school's out. There's only a stand-up. So you're a bit of a, I know. There you go. You tell him Frankie, he said basically that the Corlyoni is a bunch of stokes, whatever that means. Then we said it much or two gotsies. WDQAM, hello. He's not at a six-minute. What is it? No. Yeah. I think I'd even. I'll stay here. We're happy you're out there. I'm smoking one down here and I'll have to be side for you. All right. Have a great day, Pellin. Okay. Smoke on for everybody in the room. A big fat one. And roll it up in a Harold Manville. Write your brain. WQAM, hello. No. Yes. I have to disagree with you. And not that I want to. What about? What about? How could you possibly disagree with anything from the legendary New Year? Go ahead. Your statement that goes to Barack Obama's interview is next president. No. I saw your time of your opinion. That's my statement. Wait a minute. Let me just tell you one thing I know it's really revolutionary. And that is they pay me to give my opinions. Not somebody else's. But that's my opinion. Go ahead. No. No. I don't disagree with your opinion. I'm saying. And I think your opinion should be the majority. And I would like to see it happen. But. But. The American country is like so white bread still. Yes your coasts are your pumpinicals and rise and. And. And variety. But the majority of the hot land of America at this time will not vote for a black man or a woman for president. And the. Wrong. I don't I don't I don't I think from market research. I was I would dare that out because. And what is it mean for market research in the last polls. They've done a Bama B. both Giuliani and McCain. So I don't know what you want market research. You're looking at the black market. I think the Republicans have got some of the food. I'll get right now. But I'm simply saying when the. When it comes down to the point. You're going to find out the. That hardly end of America is not going to want to let the man or want to let the man or what the. Yeah. I'm talking about the hard land of America talking about the red states the red next states is what you're talking about well we'll see because one thing of the scabber is there's a lot of dark folks in in red states. You know like Mississippi and Alabama and all in places. Lot of dark folks are going to come out and vote like two three times. You'll see. Now you know I've got some bad news though. Oh, this this. Well, no, we were really on a roll here. The votes were coming in and Trump's to try to get us over 15 hundred. Today, which would be revolutionary even George Washington being against for the first time. We're all in a row. I mean, I don't know. I mean, you know, you know, we're not going to get out of the state. I mean, you know, we can't do this by this. He probably pull out his wooden teeth. But we're stuck on 13 59 and we just can't do it. We were rolling long in the way the clock is ticking ticking. I mean, one of these moments is going to be too clock. We're going to be out of here. Not the rough set. Stock and kept it off. That's right. Can't get off that 13 59 mark. I think it's air. It must be possible. It might be possible. It's going to work now. 140 votes in 68 minutes. See now we're now on the downside. I mean, it's pretty close of that two-per-minute ratio. You put it listen We don't ask for much on the show. It's one thing about me. It's like me in life. I don't ask much from anybody You know, that's just the way I am. I'm a giver. Not a take or I don't ask for much and a same thing on the show We ask for very little just fill us out in your dire reason. I went listen. I have a lot Thank you very much. Tell the world because we get no promotion. We get no publicity and you know That's another thing. I haven't said much about that, but it's true I don't know if you're aware of this, but you know like in the heat program and the different ads that they run like at the macaroon and different places They didn't even mention this show. I'll be there more somewhere. All I do is promote this for shows. I see it all the time Well, isn't that lovely? It's like we don't even exist. This is the anchor baby and the anchor is going down to the bottom right along with the rest of the Titanic from the looks of this live trend This is the anchor in this radio station has been for over nine years. We don't even get a mention. That's the kind of a consideration we get huh? I think we need to see Michael Corbionic and break up in ten so that's right. Who'd have let me have me to be talk over and up a big stupid fat mouth 13 65 and a pull now. Let's see see I excuse me for doing this math, but it oh, it is so close We need 135 votes in 67. It's like 134. See them Santa Ratio is almost perfect the ratio You follow what I'm doing here and no, of course not are you calling a ratio? Yeah I'm a Horratio blow your horn. Who knows her ratio? 13. There's a horn. No, just better watch it. There's palm a reason the coach of the get Toronto make believes And I want everybody here and no there's not going to be no trouble for me Don't go beyond teach teach Oh, wow. I got a friend who's got a dog named cheat. I just thought, you know me and you and a dog. Yeah I'll do Let's see 13. Let's see. Let me refresh it one more time and I just screwed up the whole van page on there It's not good. It'll kill a couple of certain 1369. Oh, man And Chris I'm going to say Chris is going to owe me an apology when we get done. Remember Godfather to their having the Senate hearings and the Robert do valtime Hey, get a saying senator my client deserves an apology senator my friend when he gets all been out of shape It starts running on the table. He's another one when he gets all whipped up Robert too well. He's really great He's always great, but when he gets all emotional like that. He's phenomenal Robert too well I would say I could be wrong but of my lifetime He might be not that you know a lot of people won't tell you's great But I think he's one of the most underrated actress in my life nor are you Sir, what he's saying Chris he didn't even know who I love Robert. Well, he's great But he just doesn't get the credit. Oh, and you know who it was that I was trying to think of yesterday Now I can't think again. I saw him in some movie last night. I cannot deal with him. Well, I'm glad I forgot I'm glad I forgot Colin barrel no What's your take on the Kenny and bowl morning show on QA and we got 1371 votes We are trying desperately and if we can do it man It'll be one of the great achievements in the human race. It'll be better than when Jesus walked on water There'll be a bit when Abraham Solomon it's Dale Halava you'll see is not with the Jews today They survived and Dale Halava for 40 days of nights Well, I'm watching this practice man. He must have a bunch of the A.H.L. kids up there because there's some really hot looking kids on that team Holy moly But anyway go be skill What you stop by you. I think I care I would I care about a lot. Yeah, I care about a lot. I'll take in showers with a leased at the after the practice Just to see was being naughty and nice and skating on tonight 1372 votes never heard it 5.7% 696 that bad That's a really sad commentary on the beastly's nip promotional capabilities which you can't complain about because I am got any It blows 120 it blows It's okay 1993. I love it 41. Oh, that's that's a fairly low number and I hate this pool only 22 only 1.6% So they like to pull but they just not crazy about the show I did not it too much it's the one the two hour Whenever I find friends all my face I think the girl is down Oh And I take it up with a turn in the pound of woods of with green in my mouth Isn't it amazing how many jeans are legally? I know More stolen photographs Huh, about my young friends on my face I'm now the data back The Along with my friends with H-O-H-O L-O-O-L Okay, I think we got a shot, baby We've made it in the ballpark and Chris said that while we get close to two of five of the Apologize and the hump are always just in the studio there. We had a little verbal and of course I didn't hear most of what he said though because you had the other thing cracked up that loud He doesn't realize it, you know Did I want to say what he said? I'm saying I couldn't hear most of what he was saying because the spot was so freaking loud and he didn't shut it off till the very ass And there I don't know what he told me so interesting stuff and he's kicking ass into and great and I told him I lost a little bit of weight Everybody's happy and a paycheck's are clear and on time and then that's all we care about it this advanced age 1391 which is great, but we're stuck on it again What is going on here, man? I think you're right. I think Eric is stuck his finger in the deck or something Because obviously do when you go to Amsterdam Third time in 91 And it's just not moving, you know, they should be coming in comes so we get to 14 hundred then you got a chance of 15 But you got to get to 14 first, you know, it's like counten prey say quats cut first say Can say whatever quincey Remember John quincey Adams So is that his name? I didn't know it was a name John quincey Adam 1392 so they're coming by the ones now I was supposed to big chunks you people are gonna let us down, are you? Yeah, oh, that would be bad man. That would be like I was see I should probably shouldn't have started this I get carried away being the emotional cripple and basketball case that I am I should have done that oh Well Well, you know when when we had like a real legitimate chance at it and I was still stuck there at 1392 I mean in three minutes we've had one vote and we're gonna get to 15 hundred I think Chris has got a good point now with this diff crowd we got Well, yeah, we do the best we can five like I said our goal is 14 votes 567 05 60 palm five 60 actually that's an pretty good call here today I'm not with all we're talking about, but you know we've had some Where we actually had a roll it yeah, where we said hello and then goodbye to it feels to me like it must be really warm because I got the heat on and here I'm gonna have to shut it off Let me take a puke on my city post 24 and see it's still a 45 It's gonna be 52, but it's so it's a little on the murky side a little hazy, you know one of those hazy crazy days of whatever it is WQA in hello Neil I I ruined I guess that oh yeah, I mean that guy is terrible. I don't know who's worse Be locked up in a room with him and get all these together Ow Okay, thanks for your first vacation. Just come here. I stopped taking a track cutting the approach on and he seems to be winning Because they weren't responding that you know I asked a pretty simple question and it was like But a beat but it will although that's okay. You can't can't answer too much 567 05 60 palm five 60 maybe maybe we've exhausted all of our own. Oh, there's a little chunk just came in there A little chunk and you smell it. Oh, man. Sounds like breakfast to me 1398 And then the race with 1399 you see that you see the kind of prep 14 hundred every time I click that baby there's another vote So if I click it on more times will make 1500 you say oh, okay, click it. Yeah, click this W2A in hello After notes are how you don't Right wing I Be very mainstream. I heard of me of a knife each of I eat like pop He was fooling you. You never notice like fill Henry man. He jumped on the bandbag when we became politically correct to be a right wing Nazi Always was let me do another bandwagon whatever The amazing I I used to be on a line with Bill Maard. I don't know what happened to them Let me say it again. Can you say any it's funny you mentioned Bill Maard because can you say any Rd he was out with your buddy With the suspense couple months ago and I saw about two minutes to let and oh and you know who he was defending Oh my god, no, what do I turn it off real fast? I almost bust my gut doing it. He was defending man quarter And about how she's on he sure all the time and I'll help continue to have a run and she's a little over the time You're I a wimp man Bill Maard my ass and all these people look kids well he says a lot of the same to you Do you know he's still I'll win and he's a piece of turd man. I wouldn't I wouldn't dump on a best part of him If I could find it with a search party, okay? Bill Maard my ass How many wood He'd liar said I said not oh, okay 1406 I'll see now now when you counted be down and not that's what always happens man when they count me down and out We need 94 votes in 54 minutes that's not even two a minute But you'll see we've got to keep pumping and pushing and yelling and screaming and carrying on and the wailing and I click Again, nothing happened. Oh, there's Hank is I have he was just in there. Oh, it's Barbara star I'm sorry gays in the military man from capital Hill How do you pick on poor Hank and talk about him and Barbara star and said that's so bad? It's not picking on him. How much you didn't say that thing when he was just in there? You know, she looked like you and I said hey that woman looks like you. I wouldn't be picking on you Well, that's that's a good point. It's not the 1406 what is happened here man? This is just unbelievable. I think that's then a well Peter Pace stuck his damn figuring is okay because homosexuality is immoral killing people is good Maming and rooting and destroying and burning and the looting and plundering and raping that's good But but Fagrade at bad general Peter Pace my ass. Okay, you're phoning ballooning Okay, let me just go back to this. I'm just you know, I don't know I'm on the side of 1410 see if you take a little bit of a lot of the novel some just like I got a little chunk comes in here man. So I could have done it together. They want you to drill and off those old fillings That's really something what they do that. You know, and they they he had me keep my glasses on They said be sure really rise close because they're well the chunks of the old filling Oh, what what are you guys at a Malcolm of filling that what are they what are silver fillings right now? I'm sure you've read the nutritional cracks where I was telling all make sure you get all those silver fillings out of there because that's the mercury fillings The mercury seeps into your system and your this and you're that and you're dying in your sick and see I feel great It goes like this. Yes, there was a mercury mixture involved in those fillings, but it only yeah the old ones and it has leaked out and Or absorbed into your body a long time ago. Oh no wonder I feel like crap. No, I'm feel pretty good I feel whatever I can is basically what it boils down and when you get to be this old if you feel anything He's outright I feel something not sure what it is Oh, there's a so many that a Brian I feel sick 14 of she's in Mexico City maybe so get kidnapped now take her out in the desert like they do with the most of the treaches and you'll ever see her as again Be too soon 1412 votes on the pool, you know this is your excitement see leave it to me leave it to me I'm there in the arraju so take something as stupid as the number of hosts we got on the pool and turn it like a major Traumatic thing you know I'm saying reloading I'm saying huh reloaded reloaded what the page oh we want is that 14 16 old bean Said the old queen who's giving little mean 14 16 as a little reading from what I let me do the mad. Yeah Meating some lean cuisine What that stuff is so bad 84 votes we need in 52 minutes now that should be now that's not even that's like one and a half a minute If we can't get one and a half like it all you midjigs out there the midjigs there voting accounts is a half you know all you midjigs I wish I would have had a tape recorder back in those days so I got to tape some of my grandmother's wonderful Expressions, you know like shaker is a guy for example. That's a nice one Or when's truck yeah shickers a guy meaning all nine Jews are drunk switching a little on the big of the side But what he expects he's an old lady man with heartening of the arteries 14 17 votes on a pool here if we get to 1500 man then then you're gonna see Joe Bell on the hallway smile and then dancing and grab an ass probably his own and believe me it's a big target 560 560 pound 560 and they've arrived in singular right a sign now we gotta get to phone We don't care about the phone. Okay. Like I said I got plenty of stuff here I should get back to my pile. We and you know something to follow is pretty good today I'm not saying anything had anybody memorable to say but when else I gonna happen, but it was actually pretty good wasn't it was just fine It was fine as you are wine. It was nice In fact to show you how in Tuesday I'm about the way this vote is going I would even go to the I say it was a very nice very nice Now is that gonna be my package when I go down there get it to a clock? No, that's in the next one you got Make a guy or what no Who that wants to see that then I know the movie is that but Francis. Oh brother is comedy It's a comedy. It's a comedy. It's a ride Francis McDormand's and she's he's he's my favorite I'm not saying she's new. I mean she's been around a while I'm ordering you she's not in a lot, but what she is is great and Nicholas Cage is tolerable Nicholas Cage that's why I was trying to think of before all GM so sorry I hate it I hate it. I hate it too. Maybe even more than you, but this is one of two movies if that's where he belongs. It's in it's in a cage and all the other chocolate just got there man 14 26 pick up sticks. How do you like that huh? Wow 14 26 and Chris I'm gonna tell you you're gonna be eating crow Remember the crow that Tammy was trying to defeat George last week with that long Yeah, I got to play old Neil again this time by promise to your close personal friend at the Chris And maybe we've played again. He'll send his girlfriend and there whatever she is he's threatening. He's promising. He's gonna do that when you guys lunch good Reader gasoline prices have jumped as much as 40 cents a gallon since the beginning of last month It's not Florida stations and Amelist are divided out of our how high bill go how high can they get it's like asking how high can George get I'm not talking about smoking the wiki and we I'm just talking about from the fumes in events Maybe that's what they're trying to do with saving some money son Try counting consumer seeing the highest pump prices in September are feeling a pinch. They're pinching it baby I don't understand why all of a sudden the gas prices are going up said tomorrow cook 43 of world Palm Beach Who juggles his grades of make sure his three daughters of Ivan volleyball games and practices? You don't want your kids to stop playing just because they cost you more for that to get them there whatever that means Typically gas prices are lower in the spring until the man picks up after Memorial day Which signals just started the summer's vibing season when they really want to rape the public and they do a wonderful job all those ragheads We're there with their massalities and freaking Saudis remember that scene In network time Hagan is standing there and they were watching Howard be along the year and he's talking about Hupyordica we want he wants the White House knee deep and telegrams and The Saudi deal must stop now remember that he's screaming the Ellen and the poor time Hagan man not time Hagan What's his name in the movie? Frank Hackett The right a man named Frank Hackett is sitting the office where Mr. Buddy used to be Anyway, it says Nationwide pump prices rose 20 years since in the past to each from average 255 a gallon 275 in Boca and Lanternah Monday was 240 at a gallon in the Miami Gardens It's going up and up and up and you know what lo use to say about gang rape is funny so I hope you're enjoying it They'll first Now let me be for the break click this baby again so I can see how much I need to goose these people Let me everybody okay get ready watch yourself because I'm gonna go to boost the audience 1429 they're coming to pouring in by the one I was the wif you'll go from a spoke up And I like from my jell seven it's the deal hot your show I like the ease of the song for the party Play to your time like the American python Now with the guys all I don't sit off This is my favorite I love the way that bit ended The bitch haven't been the same since the Boca buying died I know I had I was some party quite great through here But then I didn't go much attention Of course, it's not easy flying back there from rangel seven Thank God, I'm here It's all over for you push left stuck on earth president. Oh, well if you're lucky that crackhead is the last bush to rig an election Who's on this line W to AM I was in the public check electric a today Sir and let me tell you the clip out coupons in Thursdays paper on the shaving I discovered to my show no this is No, it's not too for 99 change under contrary Got them off was two breaks down for 99 cents No, I don't know about you that's right I'm not going to try to follow me to break down for a price at all breaks don't cut it cheese when they're coupon clearly stated Well use the cottage cheese that's grown in your toenails Who's this line seven and nine click on penal colony hello? I forgot into that No, okay, I got a really gosh you hate my contract about a one minute show Huh, you can fill the other three minutes. That's right for all kinds of binders next George bye bye We got to make up for last time very quest 1441 votes. We're gonna make it. I think not a I won Minutes show but just a few seconds 30 seconds your money it would be power packed. I guarantee that everybody would be tuning in once you all mad Gonna say this half minutes today. Oh, I like that, you know Some more fat 1441 so you do the man. Oh, and I just do one of the list speaking in my space Since Christopher's on here and you know running was showing out. That's okay No problem because that's a good bit even you like it You know like much of anything but There's a guy named Paul and it's also this Italian all-Aleady I hate to break the news to you but you know What's it like tougher where people sell more of these other schemes again? What is the deal with this victorious secret? If you think I'm over priced No, but I'm just saying if you think I'm gonna approve this crap and this Paul guy He's got all these different skins. He wants anything's gonna advertise them on my on the site Forget about it baby delete delete delete. You know, yeah I mean if I've got some post personal friend on it I want to put some non-finite no problem with that I enjoy doing that as a favor no problem But when it's some stranger like Paul He got hacked also What do you mean by those famers will hack people's accounts and then send out spam from their account? Get out of here. This Paul guy has been saying they're trying to get more crap on it and Carter's got pills That's Probably the case. I'm just saying You're the only thing to know the guy you're making excuse you letting him off the hook for all times Everybody off all times just saying that they think that happens. Well, I don't care who it's from just COVID-19 for Korea Secret okay sounds like some kind of a douche to me That's it 14 sounds like a bag You better watch your peas in Tuesdays. I'm gonna say it right now. Yeah, watch my element of peas 14 49 Yeah, peas what and I don't know like if you go to restaurant you say I'll have the vegetable in turns out to be pee Oh, really all the one my relatives used to say they're ain't nothing like a good pee But anyway 14 49 votes on the pool we got 40 minutes 39 minutes and we need we got four to what I just say 1451 So you figured a ratio baby we need 49 votes in 39 minutes and no trainer man should be able to do that easy like fall off a log There's another stupid expression all at least I understand that one Now, I'm remembering deliverance now wasn't it wasn't it woundy clock said they found with his head kind of like turned around I asked around back where it was as a Zaram was all a skew it's arm was like around his well, maybe he was just like I haven't loved with himself or something. Yeah, he has arm around himself. What's wrong with hugging himself? Yeah, he's giving himself a hug everybody can use a big hug now, and then I Get my hugs online, you know, I get like a nice and then that's sweet. I love that Well, when I tell you the other day Doesn't wrong with that look reach out and hug your old man and one like hell 14 51 Let me see the and Chris is sitting there thinking it all I can't believe this is that and that what you're thinking I want to know your thoughts right now. No punches pood man. No punches pood I'm afraid you're 15 hundred after kiss your ring finger. I don't want you anywhere near me. Okay, do I see what I'd tell you? I like it you're a good guy you do a fine job you're never stole a freight train But I don't want it to be anywhere near you when you have kissy kissy on your mind And I'm sure there will be a bigger more yeah trust me or anything even close I wouldn't give you kiss on a cheek Maybe long distance. There you go. That's how you're getting 14 54 now. What do you say? No, were you 14 55 see their tripline tripline tripline tripline tripline It's like a leaky faucet baby. It's like a leaky fairer faucet Well, I was that was a really traumatic movie. Do I want to show it was that the burning bed where the guy Was well, that's the scary creepy water. No, I mean, it was where the guy had her and she she put it in the fire plate That's right. I think so that's a really scary guy Google that and find out what the actor's name is that played that guy. He's a good actor Nasty looking thing he had poor fairer all like a terrified there 14 56 pick up sticks and wow We need 44 votes in 37 minutes. That's barely more than one a minute and on this legendary show you think we're not gonna do that Chris Yeah, we'll do it. We'll do it And what was this guy saying before earlier when I said let's shoot for 15 is oh What you say? You fat old fairer. You're not gonna do that 15 hundred will be four to a clock You must be dreaming especially with a dwindling vanishing disappearing QA Ammonians you think you're gonna put 15 and red votes on that thing over there and get your fine Bergall Ben out of shape. He might away Joel. It's a fluke way to we get the numbers back Paul the mat That's a guy played what's his name? Mickey use we might be talking about two different movies. I think so I'm trying to find the one that we're both thinking of that is not the burning back where he kidnapped her Well, she kidnapped him well in the ensued and she kidnapped him and she put him inside the fire The fireplace right and she can terrified him. I'm sorry to die is everything That's right. That's the one. I love that extremities That's the one extremities. Well, let's start seeing things like that QA and hello Dale Gassos. Yes, sir Rating Arizona or my favorite movies. It's the only movie Nicholas K. He's ever been in this worth anything I'll look at them. I'll pretend he's out there. Yeah, it's it's excellent I look forward to hearing you I think I'm gonna watch it later today Do it. Okay. Thanks, Pally 14 60 baby. Oh, yeah, I could feel my knee cast I'm gonna put my blackberry right between my knees and put it on a high vibrate. Oh Go left I think slide baby 14 62 14 62 even Christopher Columbus that was 30 years before he said sale for the new world and then he found it And then he found Walmart and turned around and went back 14 63 how do you like that Chris the for Columbus? Got a lot of Chris is going here. We got Chris on my space. We got Chris at a room with a like I Christopher Columbus the Jewish savior And there's that the general pace What is don't ask don't tell you faggot you Far anybody's all worried about everybody else's tanky spanky. That's the faggot. Let me tell you right now take it from an old fag I know it Anybody that's a point in the finger and all worried about who's putting what part where and doing this in that and Feeling a little erotic about it. That's the fairy right there believe me general pace Trust me You've not a cone you've got her on excuse me look at her on that's even worse because that has to do with back door. Don't say 14 64 I'm telling you get my head is swimming. I'm not getting emotional from all this with a 1500 I might as well do this don't let me forget to do this again tomorrow I'll leave it my pawn pile there I got a reason for what from Charlie B freedom are to you love it BSO deputies will conduct a traffic checkpoint operation tomorrow from 9 p.m. to midnight In the 3900 block of north west 21st Street, modern day of lakes now if you're not in that area This probably is not an interesting to you, but maybe we got one or two people out there Going to be a lot of their lakes or at least avoid a night of midnight tomorrow night The occult is the expected for the effective safety equipment motors to be asked to show their drivers license Regulation proven insurance and maybe the little ticket your goods to what he got you know like that The information is publishing compliance with that Supreme Court ruling mandate in prior announcement Slave enforcement activities tomorrow night night of midnight 3900 block of north west 21st Street in Latter day of lakes a place I don't want to be anywhere near trust me. I don't even know where to highlight. I guess I do Isn't it like like driving over it is like by Latter hill where's Latter day lakes over year over yonder Yeah, right right over there. Oh, I didn't like it. I'm sure 126 at UIM like it you like it you like it Don't when I hear someone choose will you back off then here me or land Really help from my friends My battles with a little help from my friends What do I do when that load you say way oh your love this fellow flesh and bone I hold many died by the end of the thing as long as that this is a No, I can't save a lot of my friends page You woman orchid is the bear Would you say land and then give a b5? Hope you'd like to help them, this is crap all the time Could you have these with these real minds? I won't stop until they land these all mine! Oh, I can do this, until they're from my friends I'm bad, oh, so tell me, do help from my friends Oh, I can't do this, until they're from my friends Yes, I'll tell you with a little help from my friends With a little help from my friends Oh, I can't do this! It sounds like you old Indian Moura Moura Moura, do you remember that? In the cover in Indian movies, I'm sure you do No An angel I do, and that's it, that was the animal one hobby as well Killsil people, right? That seems to be the world's... That's the way the world, man It's the final excuse, it's the religious thing, it's the... I don't like that head rest you wearing, I don't like the abomineral I don't like the way you smell whatever I don't like the fact you use in body wash I don't like who you're sleeping with, let's kill some people, man That's the American way, that's the history of mankind Don't start getting too philosophical, allow you won't get to 1500 I love seeing, 1477, man is refreshing it This is going to be a... 1479, we have 27 minutes for 21 votes That's less than one minute boys and girls, and all the ships had seen That's what HV countenborn used to say I think, I'm actually chicken, I can remember him Oh, that's not what you used to say that Was it everywhere I'm roasted there? No, you ask him, give me a real hear, maybe he said that Good evening Mr. Mr. Mr. American, all the ships had seen I think it was Gabriel Header, I don't know what I don't care In the fact that I know that means I'm way too old to be whatever 1480, baby, 1480 Maybe, just maybe, because I have a story about how I've written I guess I'll do the story And then we'll start counting it down And what are we going to do when it gets to be like a 1500? Huh? Huh? How are we going to do then? Leave? You got to have a party? No, I'm going to leave that. This is not part of the sages, my kneecap That's about as close as I get anymore 1480, man A key U.S. senator is calling on the Treasury Department The Secretary of State of the State of the State of the State The Secretary of State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of State of the State of the State of the State of State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State, this is an enormous aspiration. to focus on the Middle East, calling it the seat of our operations and the seat. Yeah, right. Elsewhere, Senator, sweltering Clinton, likely, 2008 candidate, also, what does that mean, likely candidate? What does that mean? What does that mean? Also, we should have to stand in response to the halberten announcement. I think that raises a lot of serious issues we have to look at, so the former First Lady. Does this mean that they're going to quit paying taxes in America? They're going to take all the advantage of our country, but not pay their fair share of taxes? She be asking, you vote, Hillary, you vote, boy. She continued. They gave a lot of government contracts. This is going to affect their investigations that are going on, because we have a lot of evidence of misuse government contracts and how they've cheated the American soldiers and cheated the American taxpayer, meaning halberten, meaning dick, chaining. They've taken the money and not provided the services of the list. We won't be able to pursue these investigations. So what I'll be saying, she warned, I think we're going to be looking into that and washing them, she said. I got news for it. So whatever you couldn't lick Barack Obama's ass if you paid him by the, by the inch, by the ass. Now you don't hear tomorrow's pull before I get back on his day. You know, something I'm going to miss the, oh, 1489. I've actually, a lot of, that was just, Columbus was just putting all the animals there on the arc. 1489. What's your take on the Kenny and Bo morning, sure on QM? I don't want to read the poll until we get to 1500. 1490. We're almost to a 1492 man. Time to set sail on the n into the Pinton the Sintamorinta. My teacher's name by the way, was either helper, not amazing. Of course that was to my real-life. Yeah, that's very close. She hated me. I hated her. And she knew I hated her. Old bag, nasty old die. And in fact, I don't know any more with the teachers in school or old die. See, that's what I used to get. It was always missed this and missed that. You know, and they were like 75 years old. Miss, or she's an old maid, no, in other words, she's an old die because what they were trying to say. Miss lions and miss a del Prince and whatever. I think the teacher's though. Okay, remember who any of them were. I had miss, miss is van fleet. She was a miss. She was a lady. 1490, baby, on that pool. Anyway, here's the appalling that he used for tomorrow from Charles V. Thank you, Charlie. You're making life a lot easier for this whole queen. Let me take that. I must have like 50 different pools. I'm not all from him. Thanks to anybody since in the pull out. He's because George and I hate having to rack our brains as, you know, and they're way too much to rack anymore. All everybody likes to go to rack, but nevertheless, you know what? I'm really not that crazy about is like a rack of lamb. I don't like lamb. I don't like lamb either. Though I duck and lamb. We agree on that. We agree on that. We see your jar after all. We just we grab some of the no duck, no lamb. All of the is on the lamb. The most embarrassing bodily function odor or abnormality that could happen to me with other people around is this is Charlie Bees pull what uses for tomorrow. Bad breath. Sneezing and shooting snott. Oh, no. You think that it's the sneezes all contain, but it's not having a louder, bad smelling fart. Oh, geez. That was me and you, you know, like I said, always look around like, oh, gee, who did that? Who cut it? That's always the good defensive move, you know, right? And of course, when there's only two of you in the elevator and the other person knows they didn't do it. And it's kind of like an old brand. Yeah. stomach rumbling. Yeah, my my dentist stomach was gremlin. Yesterday is he was like I was getting drilled. His stomach was gremlin. 14. Let's see. I don't want to miss the moment, you know, say. 19. 14. 97. Uh oh, 14. 97. Let me read the rest of Charlie's pulling them. Holy moly rat man. And this is the only of big apology man when we get to 1500. I'm cooking at baby now. 14. 97 is still there. They're waiting. We got 21 minutes. 98. That's great. Okay. Getting back to these things. Burping. A big grips. Getting unexpected. Oh, and I come on getting unexpected. Stiffy in my pants. What are you? You're dreaming Charlie. In my case, who would know it? Know the difference? I guess it's worth what you're wearing. Yeah, where you are, especially if you have those fan X pants on like very manlow. Dan grew up in my hair, food between my teeth, having a fishy smell and parentheses women. Oh, there's something there's some Chinese guys are going to fishy smell. It's not the underwear, but the fish market. Tell tell mustache women. Well, what is that? I don't know. I don't know. Women who have a mustache in the woods. They are out there. Visible nose or ear here, I better go clippin. Spit the lying out of my mouth while talking like that. Dr. Rona used to come to the pants against all the time and you're writing my face and oh, spit all over me. And you know, like, there was a huh? You're very whiny. Having the hiccups, people like that. Oh, look at that. We got 15. No one. Yeah, someone has gone gone gone. Oh, man. And man with that will live in infamy, baby. Let me tell you. Look at the body. She got a lot of my shop to get us back off of the from just from the depths of this fair after those horrible numbers for the entire station can. And I work like crazy. Okay, what is it? How do you really feel? I am pretty pumped about a man shouldn't I be? I thought I was just dreaming when I said that. I mean, you know, how this thing usually goes. We've been doing this for about 100 years. And you get in the flow. And if you don't get the number, it'd blow and whatever. But 50, no one. And we're going way over 50 and by the top of the hour. I guarantee that Joe Bell is going to come in there any second. I'll impact you on the back. Both of you guys. They're great job guys. And by the way, can you are you still alive? And he won't be in there too long though. Once he gets the drift of that blue bag, he's the tank and over the studio. He won't be in there too long. It's still a coherent. Yeah, barely. Well good. And say cheese. It's time to put James from body in the crowd. It's been over two weeks and things made us down. While the family's acting pretty cool, he's felt like a pop thing. Go inside to put James from body in the crowd. Right now he's just like a car at the end. He's already been sleeping. Everybody's corpses by an eater. It's time to put James from body in the crowd. He's not just putting James from body in the crowd. He's like a single mitt in and lost in the crowd. While the family is closing his body, he's being closed in his time to put James from body in the crowd. He's trying to put James from body in the crowd. Look up on the real goal. She's having fun. He's always still looking for a team. He's turning into a big jerky in time to put James from body in the crowd. Right, 147 and 5. That's 60 WDQM. I'm telling you one thing that that's what it would overrub big. Which one? Well, the one of what what do you mean which one? The acceleration I just said there. For you are I'm serious. I know that you're under a lot of direction there breathing all the fumes, etc. I mean that was a very euphoric moment. I nearly had an accident in my pants. Not the kind I was hoping for. There was more like that kind. But anyway, when you get to be my age, the actions that you have or nearly have, but not the ones that you're praying for, believe you me. Trust me what I'd say. Okay, coming to the old. But anyway, let's see. Can I send a personal message to those numbers? I'll be coming to two and I love to read that other thing. I'm just, you know, I'm confagulating with my friends on here on here. That's because I don't. Well, I mean, what's more important for finishing the show or talking to my buddies on here? You know, I'm not. I got some real fine buddies on here online. Thank God. Thank the Lord. Thank the Lord for them. Jesus God. And you know something? I'm going to say it again. I'm not sending any more money, but I'll say it again. Thanks to you. You know what I said? You may listen to me. Thank you for all you've done for me. So there you go. Oh, I'm going to start getting the emotional and weeping out because you know me, you know the old drama queen. I can get the old. Oh, Jesus torch. Come on. I'm going to mood. What do you mean by that? I'm ready to pass out. But hey, the good news is that's not to get a mood. That's being a state like it. Okay. Why? Is that the word? Yeah, and being the state. Oh, I believe homosexualized between individuals are in more. We don't care what you believe general pace is a matter of fact. I'm going to go on and find some hot young guy right now. And I'm going to do a right on the counter here. Well, I'm looking at this stupid news to him. I'm going to say, Oh, it may be a moral, but oh, man, it's good. Holy moly. Jesus, let's do it again. Peace a crap general Peter pace. All these military lunatics train each other. How can we and don't even likely kill him? Kill him heavy duty man. Kill a heavily so that they don't make a comeback. You know, because like in the movies like in the, I was the movie with Michael Douglas, which I've seen 4,000 fatail of traction. Basically, okay. Air every one of those movies. You think that they the bad guy or the bad bitch is dead. And all of a sudden, she jumps up again out of the bathtub. You know, which was a Glenn close. Was Glenn close? Yes, she is. She's right here now to death. No, that was that. I always get her confused of moral streep and I don't think it was time to like. Oh, no, hold the boat. Oh, no. And don't worry. Fifteen hundred and twelve votes. What's your take on the Kinney and bowl morning show on QAM? Never heard it. Just under 50 percent. At least we got that baby under 50. 49.4 percent. 748 of our audience almost half of the total never even heard of it. They never heard it. Maybe that's why they're in such a good mood. And that was that was uncalled for that was not necessary for you to say that. You see, every now and in George throws his voice and he pretends to, you know, that's me. That's right. He throws it. Uh, Kenny and bowl morning show. It blows to you. That's really very unamerican to be saying that even of course, if that's your real feeling about it, you may have a good point. It blows. Now that we know that toast is responsible for that stupid ass square table thing. Now we can just attack his ass. What a nitty. He your toast toast. It's okay. It's 29. I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it. 46. Not out of 1512. That's only 3% when you wouldn't you if you were on a show be hoping for a little more love than that a little bit more love. Just had bit. And I hate this pull 29. Amy or 1.9 percent. That's one of the lowest take this full deals we've had in a long time in a Chinaman's age. 1512 votes. I'd be really curious, although I think probably have like a high infant mortality rate. Although I think the US has one of the higher infant mortality rates certainly more than Western Europe. Now, what do you think that if men of care was supposed to be in the US is so far advanced that the US wouldn't have such a high infant mortality rate that they'd have like better doctors and stuff like that? What do you hate America, Connie? There you go exactly. Well, I'll explain to you tomorrow. Oh, we don't have a lot of time tomorrow. Oh, I want to apologize to the audience that we're going to get out of 1250 tomorrow. I got wood by Wednesday at one instead of two. It's like the Lawrence Walk thing. I want to do it, etc. I think I don't think I went far enough in the celebration. I want to show it on just the limit of all the rest of the breaks. That's right. Plates music and solidity. It was dramatic, man. I don't care what you say. It was dramatic. Yeah. 1515 votes on this horseball station man. Yeah. With a signal you've got to be sitting right under the authority. Hear the dancing without all the interference from the wires. There on 441. Yeah. So that's the make me turn into a music show. Let's have a party maybe. It's time for a party in your pants on 2 way in. What are you saying that dog? Yeah. Are you just one of these? Yeah. Yeah. I'm a little mad dog's nail in the post now. It's just like being in a hockey game. Let's talk some hockey. Okay. Pissed clearance. That would be really something. Let's get remembering to do a hockey show. Not. Well, thanks to you folks out there there they help put us over the top. Maybe this was this was phenomenal. This was good. And thanks to my close personal friends out there who you know reach out and pat me on ahead by long distance. Thank you so very much. Well, it's a nice thing. It's important to me. And I'm old. Now you know that I'm old. When that kind of stuff becomes important to me. You know I'm ready for the glue factory. One of these. I start walking with a locker. Oh, if you could see all the people that would buy it. And I know I'm rude and I try to get around and I'm really fast. I want to shove them down on the floor. That's bad. Do you know that it's 52 degrees? It's 52 degrees in Hog time. Yeah. I bet you do. And America is on fire because we got 1517 votes on the pool today. And we are smoking on. I got a call here. But one of the rated people in the Moha would have been in a show. And I was the one in my aspirations. I don't even know how you have children. I want your table and jpeeder. Oh, jpee they really is a great thought of. I can a good Jew. I like jpeeder. Well, not to mention, he's got extraordinarily smooth the boxes. Oh, yeah. It's got to be careful what you say here. Oh, kid. Thank you, ma. No, no, wait a minute. Oh, go. But nothing else to say. Oh, about this. How's the way the down there in the mirror? I'm right down the street and I have to go. Oh, I know. Oh, wait. By the way, oh, no, no. I have to go. I told you what, I'll hold you over the break. How's that, man? I'll give you one of my old, tentatia. How's that? My way. That was the only call that we had. The view and I know this is going again. I'm going, I'm going, I'm going. I'm going, I'm going, I'm going, I'm going. I'm going, I'm going, I'm going. I'm going, I'm going, I'm going, I'm going, I'm going. It's time you've got faith in what will they say. I want to see those in your faith and around those tools in your milk Mobile. You want to have one in your milk? Okey, see, let's hear it. I will see. We'll roll sand gloves, give so let's see. Yay! That's why your happy song Way to sky sky sky sky sky I know clothes once I've been steams Almost every day I die And my veins are nearly starting to grow I had to know it and the boy told me Yeah I told my god for the back And my god for the material back And I know that's me with people back And I know that's me with people back And I know that's me with people back But I'm sick of it I'm sick of it Bye bye bye