The music strike... Oh I can see you are going to know the rules, yes. So I can see. And you're not reflect those at the busy graphics career. That's because I had a bad idea. I can't see much more of the track, right? The biggest miss you left for, I was gonna say. I'm not gonna say something wrong with my heart, but I'm gonna say, don't you chew me down, my enemy towards Maratino. Upwards and just that damn deal, Rodius here. I'm not there to watch it. I know. Don't forget. You're my right? Ah, come on. So if I don't know, I thought you were eating already. Roy. I don't change my evil ways. Hillary. When I can't play with you, I gotta change. Hillary. Hope you believe me cause it ain't true. You're tired of me, you're arousin' and messing around. Don't throw their china cause that makes me feel like it clow is tickle. Lord, know that God has changed. Hillary. Well, I'm a stubborn, with you. Won't work with any Rod's butt, you. I'll try to change. Hillary. Every word I hope you'd like is true. I gave up Monica and Jennifer. And all of you so kindly take your bad high heel. I'll help my wife through this cake alone. Lord, know that'll never change. A ball come on. You can't force a leopard like leave a chase by spot. You have this skill, Hillary. Yes, can this 10-02 or 5-60 WDQM? I don't know. This cold is a school. I'm pretty fast. That's good. Good thing tomorrow be fine is wine. Or maybe not. Maybe I'll be out sick. Maybe I'll be out sick today and about 5 minutes. You never know. You never do. And of course, that jolly joe bell. This man is such a... I mean goofball. He's just amazing. I don't want to go into a whole thing with that. I just don't have the energy for. I don't have the voice. And what was Kim a book him for? They're going out about that power hour hour hour. Oh, we got mad dog at two. Power hour with Hank and a mad dog together for the five. Talking about sports. And don't you ever forget all you people out there. WQM is a lot more than just the freaking Neil Rogers show. Some fat ol' Fag on a radio. Okay, it's a lot more than that. Henry Goldberg by himself five to seven. Pants are preview of several club. Pants are at the... Kind of the end. No. They're froggy's at seven o'clock tonight. 730 is a game time. And we don't... We don't... You want nobody to ask him a radio overnight. And then of course the Kenny and Vol Morning Show with the square table and the round table and the diagonal table and the podium and all of these... All of these things from the 7 to 10. I left out to Big Oden night. Well, that's easy to do. But what solid is? Here's the poll from yesterday. If I make... I thought I'd do okay yesterday considering you know. Race or colder, everything. That's how I did find. Don't start kissing up so bad. What's with you guys? It was spectacular. Phenomen. Phenomen. Phenomen. Just the fact that you were under talking at all. Yeah. That's only a cold. It's not like you got like very, very, very TV or something. I just got like a little head cold. Just stay on that TV. You'll be fine. I'm doing my T right here. I got it right. Am I splendid? And it's just splendid. Anyway, here's the poll result from yesterday. I'm just biting my tongue because I have... I don't know. Remember what I was saying to you about five minutes ago? Yeah. Well keep biting until you taste blood. No, okay. Now I'm just... I'm just in that kind of a mood today. I'm just ready to like... I don't know. Anyway, here's the poll result. We had 1457 vote. That's not too bad considering. Which living gate. And today's poll, I apologize already. It was an easy... I was under the weather. I had the cold. I've been sleeping for a million hours. And it's one of those things. It was in the pile and I figured, well, it's a crappy poll and it really blows. But, um... Do you know, somebody said it in? Yes, it did. We got 60 on it. All right, we'll never get a thousand votes. See, on that thing. And I'm turkey. I'm not gonna do that. I'm taking another month off. Which living gate or buy person new most in my way? I just, in fact, why don't we do that gate or not gate? Well, we do the round table, the diagonal table. Okay. Now it sounds like you're picking on the kidney and bow morning, sure. That's how it sounds like. If you do that, it's all itself. And you should... The audience should know that I went to the great expense of buying Josh Curtis 100. I spent a hundred bucks to buy a brand new flavor wave to Lux oven. And he'll have it right... And it'll let's come in your name. All right. I always do that because I know you'll. There's a chance you'll get stuff that comes there. I'm not sure if he'll get or not. About a 50 50 chance. Right. So if it shows up, it'll be a new name. Probably next week. And he came in there this morning and we just have seen... Well, he finally admitted he loves me like very therapy. I love you, Josh. Well, it was very therapy. And really well. Now we get a mark of shock. I mean, for a hundred bucks, boy. That's really something to get a moist towel at. Which living gate or buy person new most in my own? Of course it's... Still God! The legendary old queen of the radio, 575 votes. Almost 40% of the audience admired me like crazy. I hate this poll 143. Barney Fag, Frank, 129 for massive chusets. I hate all Fags, 106% or guess what? We hate you too. All you 100 people live out of Rai hate all Fags. We hate you like foism. We are headphone. Okay? Elton John 86. Gorvid Al 80. He should have won. He should have beat my pants off. David Bowie 51. Martin and I brought to love a 40. Billy Jin King, that big old bull by 33. Charlie Cres Gay, you're a 4 together 27. He was on the little while ago. They were talking about those two's life. License plates and all those crap. And he was going better beat. But it would be better. But it would be better. He kind of ran away. Way, Rai was with a gate. Charlie Cres 27 year, you're gay governor. Prince has got 25. Ian McCellan, I still have no idea who that is 23. Don't delay that movie with Ian home. I won't. But I warned you about that. We did it. Turkey. You're a 2. You're a 2. 23. She's tied with Ian McCellan. Rosie, I'm never going to make 4 hours today. There's no way. We're going to have to play a lot of long stuff. There you go. Blow your nose. I don't have to. It's not my nose. The nose is not a promise by throat. Can't hear our scratch. I am. I'm scratchy. Sound a little stuffy. A little stuffy. But mostly scratchy. I'm taking 4 seeding 2 of this stuff. And if you have high blood pressure, you can still take it. But it helps a little bit. I think maybe the deal do it. So what I'll do is I'll get a long tube. Just a slightly out of gallons of tea during the show. Rosie, I'll download 21. Madonna, 17. Richie, I gotta say to Terrible. It was not Terrible story. But just speaking of drinking too much tea or anything. So a friend of mine who works for, he's a computer programmer for a bank here. And they went to Vegas on a conventional last week. So for the first three days, he had to stay with one of the supervisors from his bank. They had to share a room with Caesar's. Okay. And he wasn't too crazy about that. So the last couple nights he was there, I got a room with MGM. Okay. So anyway, he comes back. Yesterday in last night he comes up more talk. And he tells me the, grow test story about how, got a flood warning and the supervisor went in the T-room. And was in there for like 45 minutes. And all of a sudden my friend and his bladder is just like bursting. And he's got to like, I know. I don't know how I can say for actually. And he's got a urinary. And so he had a pee on the computer around the bed because he just couldn't hold it no mole. I've got a much worse story than that. Which I don't know if I want to say it on the ear again. This happened to me yesterday because I'm taking all this cold medicine and stuff in the T. You know? Okay. I don't, I mean, I'll kind of shock from that pee on the computer story. I don't, I don't think I've ever heard of such a thing. Well, what was he gonna do? Go out and use the rest room in the lobby. There in the lobby. And he was at Caesar's right? I pooped my pants. I understand. Yeah. I've been to Caesar's. They have rest rooms all over the place. Well, he's like in his underwear and everything. I guess he didn't have enough. I don't know. I could fully clothes and go out and find where the T-room was. He just, he was bursting. And any rain. What are you knocking my buddy who's a good guy by? Not knocking them at all. I just, you heard a bunch of things. I'm not a good guy. Well, he peed on the cover of this. And in the night case. I pooped my pants. I went over to the drugstore to get some, of course, eaten. I don't want to tell the story. It's just, I mean, I've already been through this once before. And people are going to say, oh, my God. He's pretty soon. He's going to be wearing a bag. You know, or I'll tell. I shouldn't know. I would not ought to. And then I got back in and my luck. I get to the elevator. And there's some Muslim woman with her 87 children. She's like, getting them all on one elevator. There was no chance anybody else is getting on there. So the door finally closes. And I'm doing the Green Apple Quick Step. And I've already, I've already lost, I don't know how to say it delicately. I'm saying, ah, in other words, I don't smell too good at this point. There's some seepage. And I'll be on that. Oh, I'm pretty good. Yeah. More like that. And I get on the elevator. We're just young guys who were listening to building. I don't know. Maybe like, I don't know how old he was. I think God he wasn't really good looking. That would really, maybe, I'll, he'll. But this guy gets on there with me and I'm, I'm annoyed. I'm hovering over against the side of the elevator. You know what I mean? Yeah. As far as I possibly can, I hit the door. Order his name. Finally, I get off of there. Oh, I just so embarrassed. Because I pooped my pain. Well, that's, that happens. Once, maybe over a few years. I have a little, I had to do with all this tea and with the medication and the cold. Listen, thanks to Larry King and now that astronaut. Adult diapers are all the rage I understand. They're coming out of the new line in all different color. Oh, yes. I guess it depends. They've got plaid. Oh, how bad the problem is. Well, today I'm just fine. It's a nice piece. We brought you down on 21. Madonna 17, the immaterial bitch. Richie Simmons 14. What an idiot he is. How better not tell us, Strigg, and about how you damn your choking at that time, my Nionsy. What an idiot, say, everyone. Mad Roger 9. Speak it over. You're fair, Queen's. Charles Nelson, wildly she's got eight. I'm surprised that eight people even remember who she is. He used to be on Broadway, Charlie. A hundred years ago he was in by-by-Burdy back in the early 50s. Mm-hmm. And then, of course, he was in, on all the squishies. Most of them ask him. Right. Mick Jagger's seven Greg Lucena 7. David Gaffin. That one that was me yesterday. Greg Lucena. David Gaffin 7. Katie Lane 5. John Amitchi 5. He came out of the closet. Well, good for him. Miss Jack Horkheimer, she's got five. So Tom Tuchinquay. Boy George 4. Calvin Klein 3. I'm not all I craze about Calvin Klein, but boy, somebody who's modeled, some of those pictures. You're a good taste, I guess. Wow. Man. You see, even under the weather like this, I'm still an old-furber. That's just me. I can't help it. I make no apologies. It's great to be invited. I'm just them just me. George Michael 3, Larry Kramer 2, Dave Kopei 2, used to play for these San Francisco 49ers, and then after his retirement, of course, he wrote a book. He came out of the closet. Tab Hunter 2, John, love could he sing a little or what? No, not even a little. And Whitney Houston 1. I only go to admire her much, and of course, what's to admire her. She can't sing. She's a real psychotic, a psychobitch. And other than that, and she don't look all like her, but we put those ingredients together. And I'll take a look at today's poll. It's one of the worst polls ever. Let's do the break first though. I think I'll make it true today. All for all. Good. What do you think? I think you will. I just can't believe I did that again. That's about, I don't know, maybe four or five times in my life. I've had that experience, but that's one of the things all you young people have to look forward to when you get old you start. And it really wasn't so much losing control. It was just, I guess it was. I don't know how you describe it. Then of course, as you get closer to home, your mind's playing the trick and like, oh, okay, okay, now your body can just let go. No, no, not yet. Oh, yeah. They call it bar and try. That's what a horse. On the last leg of the trip there, the last leg. Yeah. The horse decides it wants to run back home there. Man, I had that wash in the machine going pretty fast. I was in that shower fast, and you can say, holy, moly, right man. You had a bar. What was that? I thought it was that because in Joe Bell, you know, I'll send him some other email about our website and door. Yeah. Hey, Joe, you're such a pansy man. It's, I'm supposed to be the queen, but you're such a pansy. It can be as 1013 at 560 W. Beware of exploding balls. Jesus Christ, the sign of the shield. That's what they say. God, the Lord I will be. You'll tell you that you're clear, but men, you're wanted to win. Joe, I'm fond of this captain man. He'll be blind. Make more those ambitious weather on any left. I've these things on their closest measure. Jesus Christ, the sign of the shield. That's what they say. God, the Lord I will be. Jesus Christ, the sign of the shield. Forgive yourself for mission impossible. Jesus Christ, the sign of the shield. Now, we'll again rule the sign of the shield. God, the shield is the sign. Say, help out. It doesn't sound right. Jesus Christ, the sign of the shield. Okay, 1018 at 560 W. I'm just going to do a public service here for my close personal friends out there in radio land. He just emailed me and asked me about Prague. I didn't go to Prague. Friend, my, in fact, the same, my same friend that peed on the comfort of the Vegas last week. He went to Prague last summer and said it was a beautiful city. Great. Now, you've never been there. Of course, because you've never been anywhere secret. And I mean, you know. And of course, I bet to Chris Hansen and the Prague either, have you. No, sorry. So maybe the colors can call it and give us some tips. Because I don't want to, you know, I sent back a message to myself, but then again, what do I know? Well, what do I know about what's it been to? What do you come right down with? But it would be a nice thing. I guess there's some kind of a special deal that one of the airlines has got. I'm going to Prague and it's a, I hear a beautiful place. The Czech Republic. It's one of the few places, by the way, they don't use the euro, the euro. They don't. They have their own currency. I just thought I would mention that. Well, it's just one of those things. So maybe some of our audiences have been to Prague and they can give a little travel log on whether they would highly recommend it or it's set of in so long. May or maybe not. We'll say 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60. They've arrived in a singular world of slums. See how easy I am. I can like turn the whole. And that way, because it means I don't have to read a bunch of stuff. We do that. Right. Which is a real benefit to me, especially in one of the effects that I got number one that I got to cold, even as, you know, legendary as I am. And now I can't find that damn thing. I've just got through plain it about 15 times. And also I was going to say, I pooped my pants. See, one thing I've discovered in life, it's a lot easier to cut short verbal area than it is actual physical. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. The verbal diet where you can just cut it right off, cut the crap. But in real life, WDQA and Traveller, hello. Hello. Yes sir. This is Neil, who you from. Hey, this is Colin here. Hey, you guys see the movie, the illusion it's with Edron? No. You might want to check it out as far as I can. Okay, good. What's that guy to do with Donald talking about? See, I don't care about it. Edron is good. I don't care. What was that movie he was in where he played the American history ex? Oh, God, I love that movie. That was great. Very good. Heavy. Excellent. Heavy duty, man. Sure. Probably nobody in this audience has been to Prague because we got a bunch of deadheads. I don't know what's all about. You think the phones would be smoking, wouldn't you? Would like some of valuable information? You know, everyone's in a while we get lucky, but no. But that's it. But not in there. I'd sooner or later. The whole reason that I keep bringing it up is because once upon a time, you had all these good calls about Prague from people in the audience. Right. Oh, it's great. And you should see it in the capital of Bohemia when there we got that. I was going to go, but I just, you know, in my advanced stage, my traveling, I'm cutting it way down, especially the multi city trips and stuff. I wasn't even good on the one city trip this last time. I just couldn't handle it. Just the two old and cranky and whatever cranky with thank you. In fact, cranky with thank you was at the Cubs game when Harry was alive. Very often. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound five, 60 on the horizon. That guy that did the Harry carry stuff. He was great. Didn't we meet him when we were in Chicago that time? Well, I must be new to you with there for about five minutes. What do you know? WQA and hello. QAM. Hey. The mic and the pod. You know what? The pod? Yeah. Levy. Yeah. Right. It's too endless. That was good. No, that's our audience with respect. QAM. Hello. Yes, sir. I traveled to Prague two summers ago. I have a new vision that I tore it out there. And the architecture is amazing and you can get a lot of food for really cheap. Yeah. Hold on to yourself because there's a lot of theft crime. A lot of pig pockets. Yeah. Like the inside of the same. We got our tour of man broken into while we're applying the show. But other than that. Okay, he's gone. It was the end of that. These people are real conversationalist today. You know? Like I said, I'll keep me from having to read all this crap. Not because... So what would you make of what he just said? What? Huh? Exactly. That's what I would make of. Huh? I mean, kind of a mixed bag. Good food for cheap. That's what I heard. That's what my buddy here told me. There was just one of the most beautiful places he's ever seen. The buildings are beautiful in the scenery in the air. Well, it all depends on what you're in. You know? Right. W2QAM. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. How are you? I'm getting there. Uh, okay. Well, I went to Berlin and it's from Berlin. I took a train to Prague and Prague is awesome. It's an awesome city. A lot of fun. And this is for George. The most smoking girls. I've ever seen in the world. So I would like to smoke and grow. Even even more. So then in Berlin. You'd like them up. Oh yeah. Beautiful. Beautiful. Wonderful. The blue eyes. So I would recommend that anybody got a Prague before I get to the to crowded. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. Okay. There you go. It sounded like that. That's what I heard. I heard nothing bad about it. And, uh, you know, I would go for it. I grabbed that ticket so fast. I asked for it and grant took Christmas. That's what I would do. That's my advice, pal. But I'm sure we'll get some of conflicting reports here. 567. See this is good. It's really good. Isn't it so much better than my sitting here in Puken, my guts. I've got a whole pile of very short and stuff here. Like the 650. Let's see. How many? Oh, 165,000 eggs that's filled on the highway in north of Virginia. Before I talk about a gigantic omelet. Maybe you can explain this to me. I'll do my best. Not seriously. Because you know, I've told you over the years. I don't like eggs. I can't stand it. Right. I stepped in an omelet. I love omelets. All right. Oh, she has been reading. I can take her leave eggs, uh, only on top. Oh, but eggs, eggs, you know, some people think it's food, but it's not. I mean, don't like any eggs. My God. In fact, do I'm having this cool. There's more stuff coming out of my nose or similar. I have to be in the food and not better people. I'm just right. Hard boiled eggs and, oh, man. But in the omelet, I love it. Just in the omelet. Okay. For whatever that means. In fact, I think maybe I'll go to the day before we get the big snowstorm. Gotta be at base snowstorm here finally. The shafted in the middle tonight in the morgue. Gonna get the, uh, now they said 20 to 25 centimeters. And I found I looked it up at centimeters like 0.38 of an inch. So 25 centimeters would be about eight to 10 inches of snow. That would be like almost a foot. And of course, an upstate in New York. All of rough day, New York, which is hell. It's hell. All new people, let's say, all year from Rochester. It was so great in Rochester. Oh, it's so great amount of state in New York. It's sucked. Let's be honest. Okay. Much of farmers. I heard it was cold. Although I will say it. That's pretty damn cold here too. I guess. And that is that in my high school, Canada, they go academy man. There were some of the best looking people. Male, female, some are not really too sure of that. You'll ever see in your life. I mean, wow. I don't think about those farm people. They tend to look really, really good. Like when I told you about Omaha, you were kind of like about that. No, no, no. I was not. All my college world series days when I was doing you in baseball. Those six seasons and five, the five years in a row, we went to Omaha. Right. I was not. You like the, you know, why? Because it's a rural country. Yeah, a 40 people man. 40 people in Omaha. Wow. I think they were then anyway. I caught into those kinds of areas and people. Yeah, but you do. So anyway, we'll find out more about products. You know, no charge for that on this show for your close personal friends. 26 past see, I need to be put away for a long time. Don't I don't I need some serious health? I was maybe some therapy. You know, I'm going to catch talk to somebody. Where's some depends, you know, but yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I just, I'm just not the same anymore. It's in your fault. You want money to go on. I'm not the same. Our evil plan worked. Is that what it is? Well, in spite of you, I got my two good buddies on there in my life. I'm just fine. In spite of you, see, so it's for you. How you doing with that anime stuff, by the way. But it gets to bring it on that. All right. I will get on that for my, get it on. Get it on. Yeah, but you do. Dominion and nights from the inner core of the moon. Bring it to one. Listen up, y'all, because this is it. The doll is singing and it's delicious. Shuffle-licious definition, guy who's kind of local. Got lots of money, married a hottie, Rosie's a fat homo. Don't you try me, you can't buy me. I am cheesy, kindness, lazy. And I don't like stars like Rosie, and I'll never say I'm sorry. Pumple-licious. Ruffle-licious. Yeah. I can be vicious. And I am quite ambitious. If you say I am fatitious, you can kiss it. Trump's real. I don't take lip from baked pigs. And my hair is not a wig. Do you hear me? Do you dig trouble-licious? I'm hot, trouble-licious. See my money is rock, rock, trouble-licious. Everyone wants what I got trouble-licious. That nasty nasty thing. To the off. To the UMP, I am so nasty thing. To the off. To the UMP, I am so nasty thing. To the off. To the UMP, I am so nasty thing. To the off. To the UMP, I am so nasty thing. Yeah, Amen. It's a 32-560WQAN. Big good, send us with him. I guess that's it on the calls about the program. I'm sorry to be honest with you. I thought we were going to get a real deal. I know that. I know that. So you think that this audience would have some rough months knowing that I have very little voice at this point. I'm drinking this tea. This is crap. Very tea, whatever it is. So you should have done a poll building show today. Yeah, I would have been a really good idea. I never even did this poll today. Did I? Did I? We'd be the result yet. No. But just in case there's any more progress reports. 560560, pound 560, the Verizon SIGGETAWRILES FINE. So even the guy that the musician had his crap ripped off a letter. I mean, that's that can be true in any European city. Pick pockets, but unlike American cities, you're not going to get murdered. You're not going to get like a beaten the crap out of or like an Mexico. They won't just take out the middle of a nowhere and you disappear like dead. Yeah, that's a good vacation. Yeah. 7665, who might make it a thousand a day? What do you think, Neil Ware, while doing his daily show? This is the worst poll. I apologize. I probably get an email from Joe Bell today saying, what kind of a crappy poll was that? And I'll respond and say, well, if you, Joe, what do you think Neil Ware is by doing his daily show? His briefs and t-shirt, 220 seems to be running hands down. Not true. I'm not wearing no t-shirt. And let me see what the temperature is. It's colder than a witch's toenail. It is for reason. Let me take a look. Minus 16, Celsius, what's that? Wicked is what it is. It's brutal. What is minus 16? And the highs going to be minus 11. We're going to get snow with a sandwich. I'm going to rip this thing apart. Come on. You can do it. That's a high confidence. Minus 16, Celsius. Yes. Is like 10 degrees. Of clothes more like, but better like 87. It's a safe Fahrenheit. Oh, man. So it's 10. But I'm not wearing no t-shirt. So that's wrong. 222 says it's a great reason t-shirt. No. Garder Belt and Stockings. That would be lovely. 173. Oh, I'm going to start that tomorrow. Garder Belt and Stockings. I would be a real fashion queen. I hate this pool of 67. Well, we hate you. Only boxers, which is the correct answer. 67. I mean, I've talked about it on the year for what five years now. For a little bit slow. There was a period of time when I was wearing a t-shirt. But I got it. It's this, you know, the artificial heat. That's something I hate about winter more than anything else. North. And that is artificial heat. It dries out your sinuses, you know, and the whole thing. I don't like, oh, you need you a wood burn and stove. Yeah. Only boxers, 67. Short set of wine shirts, 65. They got me confused with my friend Dick Feinberg at Pompo Park. His bathroom, 62. My bat robe. Tom Brady football jersey, 50. That would be bad. Brown court orders and a plaid shirt, 36. Because I'm in Canada, A. No. I do have brown court orders. Although they are the ones that switch together the legs when you walk. You told me about that now. I feel bad. But in fact, those are the ones I was wearing. He has today when I had that episode. I see. Why am I telling that on the years? I don't think they were brown court orders. If they weren't when they started to make sure, when I got out here, I'll tell you that. That was so bad. Yeah, it was bad enough. But why did this kid have to get on the elevator with me? Another was just get another elevator. We got eight million elevators in my building, but he had, you know, I tell God. And I don't know whether he could, whether he was getting drift a bit or you know what I mean? I kept kind of like looking like, oh geez, were you watching his face? Did he have a good poker face going on? Anyway, brown court orders are the plaid shirt, 36. A valour sweatsuit, 31. Not on nothing. El Nudo, 27. Wouldn't that be something? Let me just see this. Check with public sounds more sketchy than Italy or England or France. What does that mean? sketchy? That means the hysonsers. Unclear at the moment. I don't know what that means. In fact, this message I got here sounds sketchy to me. You're going to have to elaborate a little bit more, pal. I don't know what that means. Don't be a worse man. Do not be a worse. Well, it's by speaking of that. I don't want to go into it. It was a Jacob thing. Remember that? Oh, yeah. What I was saying he didn't want to travel abroad because of all the terrorism in the out of place. At any rate, that was him. Valour sweatsuit, 31. Right. Nothing, 27. Wouldn't that be lovely if I was sitting here doing the show in the nude? Absolutely not. The night down, 24. Only a jock, 21. Well, they got the wrong show for that. Our sports nerds were a jock straff during the show. Including the humper. I know how to see that. Woo! That was about heavy duty. Night down, 24. Only a jock, 21. Tan slacks and navy blazer, 15. Touch 07. Wouldn't that be comfortable? 3 piece suit, 3. And a night shirt, 1. Like, everybody's are screwed. Remember that in a Christmas Carol? He was wearing that night shirt. Is that what they call out a night shirt? A night shirt with a night cap. With a night cap. What nothing wrong with a little night cap? Oh, booze. I don't think that check with publicans sketchy or anything fishy or whatever. I mean, in fact, anywhere you can go in Europe, can turn out to be a little bit. If it's some backwater place, but Prague is not a backwater place. And in addition to which, if I was going to Prague, I'd also make a side trip to Budapest. You know what I'm saying? Hmm. Just got a message here as blank. Well, that's not going to get the job done sweetheart. It's blank. It's got no words on it. Maybe that's the message. I don't know. I just don't get it. Oh, like, let's save. Oh, let's save it says. Or scary. Off the beaten path. No, it is not off the beaten path. It is not scary. And it's not, in fact, I have a feeling in the other room. I have all these travel books because I was going to go to Prague. Hmm. And maybe I gave it to my buddy who went there last summer, but I have a feeling I may have a copy of it there. And when I come back, what I'll do is I'll read the entire book on Prague between now and two of the fly. No. Just just in terms of safety and that's stuff. I don't think so. I think Amsterdam is a little more scary as far as pick pockets stuff like that. Especially getting up behind central station. I'll still believe. Yeah, and if I went ahead and he brings, that's what I would have done. Why didn't I do that? Do what? Instead of coming back here, although I have no regrets. I had a good time losing money if I would buy it. I needed the rest because otherwise I'd probably had pneumonia. But, um, but obviously, I could have, because I flew to Amsterdam before I flew. Here, it's, you know, there's no direct flight from Berlin. When you go to Berlin, they have two airports. One is T-Gl, which is where the international flights mostly go, which is where I flew in and out of. And the other is Tempelhof. Now, T-Gl airport to me, it looks like a post office. When the plane is pulling up to the first of all, it doesn't pull up to the gate. You have to, it's like the old fashioned used to be in Italy this way. And Amsterdam very often, the plane would stop and had a parking spot. And you get out on those Rickady estiff. And you have a bus that would take you into the terminal. And then Tempelhof airport, which I don't even know if it's still open in Berlin, it looks like a small post office, like maybe in Geneva, New York post office. But I wouldn't be as scared to go to a Prague at all. In fact, I hear it's a beautiful place. What will it get collar to before the zone? In fact, look at all the calls on there now. And if I feel like it maybe I'll take some. And if not, I'll get my travel book. Well, anyway, that's good. I needed that. That helped me tremendously. I appreciate very much the fact that, you know, I'm not going to have to sit here and read all this crap for four hours. Maybe only for like two hours would be good. Because then I'm sure you appreciate it too, because if I have to do that, who knows it, I'll be back here tomorrow again. Oh boy, maybe I'll just top out a plane and go to Prague. No, what I was saying is I should have probably spent the rest of my vacation back in Humshtedown. I feel so much at home there, you know? And I will say this to you when you travel a lot. Like your favorite cities like when I go to a Roma, I love Rome. And because of dinner about 70 times, I feel at home like almost like I live there. And of course, Amsterdam, I did live there for those two summers. And so I know it like the back of my ass. I mean, just feel like I'm right at home. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? I don't know. I have no idea. I mean, in coherent, I'm just got the cold. If I could talk well, I wouldn't feel really all that bad. Except that I have this trepidation about this 85 feet of snow. We're going to get tonight in the tomorrow. Not good. And of course, tomorrow's supposed to be wood by Wednesday. I have a feeling that maybe cancelled for tomorrow for me. Wouldn't that be bad? Well, I'm, you know, I have a good time there, but I don't think it's really worth risking my life on a highway to go to wood by. Can't you run a snowmobile? That's not a bad idea. Or maybe I can get the RCMP to rock an Indian Mounties could come in. Yeah. Think me on a sled would be good. A sled ride. A sled ride. I don't know. Speaking of going on a sled ride, there's John Bolton. We're actually so-so-y as much as Bolton, a crazy person. That's one thing about the world. Almost every country is run by crazy people, you know? The road's finally in Britain and Kim Jong-Eal and Madena Jad and A Houd or Murt and the George W. and Alley's crazy people. They run the world. Go. We're saying I said, when my plane finally landed, I'd have to be home. Next thing I said to my best friend was, let's get us home. We drank some beer, hooked up with some bass. Sing like black with finally being kind of sing. And I got a letter of big surprise. Something I cannot believe. I'm a medical bastard at the place where they shoot at me. Leave all the comforts of all. Place where they get in, shoot. Kill any children. Don't know if they've been given. Third story of doing is crazy. But you never do it. Got to go back to the pool. I'm doing great. I'm 47 at 5. I don't have my Prague travel book. I didn't go. I didn't have my Prague travel book. Right. Which is good for the audience because I did have it. I think English there. Anywhere you go, or is a popular tourist destination. The motels, restaurants, whatever. Strict joints, wherever you're going to be going. That'll speak plenty of English. In fact, they're multi-sensual and multi-lingual is what they generally are. No, no matter what. Even in Rome, when you go into one of the proctobes, they have like little baskets. And they have like menus in English, in Chinese, in Sanskrit. Whatever, whatever you want, they got it. It's fun. You can do it. WQAM. You go in. What did I just get to say in my second powers? Really? That's not a different thing. He said it's really very good. He had a whole lot of people. That's filled with an age. We thought it was just a recording this whole turn. WQAM. Hello. Yes. For the crowd. Uh-huh. WQAM. You're going to go in, hello. QAM. I'm crazy. Neil, sorry. You're here. You're not feeling too well. I'm okay. I just got a little cold. Could be. Yeah. I'm calling because I had to tell you this. I've been listening for forever in a day. And you're like my travel guru. I did it. It only did answer to him. Even went to Toronto in February, which saw everything that one. But enjoyed all three. And next month, I'm going to do Prague, Budapest, and Vienna. I think it's pretty cool. Well, I'm going to go by train in about a couple of days at each city. And you're absolutely right. They say it's beautiful. The exchange rates in Prague and Hungary are terrific. And the people, friendly, no problems. If you just speak English, they're great places from what I hear. And I'll give you a third report and I get back. OK. Have a great time, Belly. You're better. Thanks. Well, very good. He hasn't gone yet, but he's on his way. Oh, here's another full-suit dish. Look at this. It'd be pressing, Paul. What will be? How do you like that? Here comes what? Plot the use. That's my favorite use. Anyway, can I get back to this? Sure. What will be the cause of the human race is the pull? Oh, brother. I think too much sports talk. I think it's the answer to that. And here's the other one for today's pull. So as you forgot the best choice for the pull, I've got diapers. Oh, right. It's first day after yesterday. Well, I don't want to let's drink no mole on here with this. Well, the worst thing. It happens for the best of us and the worst of us. Now, all you pucks out there, you just like I told you. That's what I mean. We can look forward to. Some day down the road. Hopefully not too heavy of a load. Oh, God. WQAM. Hello. Hello. WQAM. Hola. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, sir? Pretty good. Lager back from vacation. George. You were saying something about racing. Could you give me the correct website in the dispel of it? So I can see what's corner. I was talking about what? Great. Great. Racing. He is a YSON. What is that? It's a movie that will never be made about rock. Thank you very much, you bet. I'm a good guy. A movie about what? Robin. He needs to search for it. Grayson, the movie. About Robin. Robin. As in Batman and. Oh, my God. Oh, that's right. His name was Dick Grayson. Correct. Was Adam West and not Adam West. It was uh, per or. No, no. I'm not talking about that. What was Batman's real name? Bruce Wayne and Dick Grayson as correct. And of course we know he was his ward. Not his pedophile. We know that. That is correct. Now let's see what we're done in this pool. I'm a little incoherent today. We got nine. What? Well, eight eleven. I will get a thousand easy today. Chris, I don't know where you're so negative about. I am so impressed that Josh court is keeping it this morning and told me that he loved me. That was one of the most, you know. It was touching. Yeah. I don't think there's any question about that. He loves me. Well, that's because I got that flavor way wrong away. Everybody loves me. They don't want to admit it. But I know it. I can feel it. I can smell it. You know, because lots of things that's what somebody wants to say. WQA, QAM, hello. What a shame for him. What a bad bad unfortunate shame, you know. 560, 50560, probably. It's been 60 and they've arrived in a regular line. In fact, I've always been in a place like in the world. I can't think of a lot of me not of all of them. But in Europe, I can't think of too many places where I'd be afraid to go. You know, maybe Moscow. I don't know if I really want to go there. Would you want to go there? To Moscow? Yeah, see the Ruskis? Yeah, sure. Yeah, sure. Like Frankie Pintangeli said. Yeah, sure. You know, happened in place. A lot of people, I mean, I don't care about Vince McMahon and Donald Trump and the WDWE and all of the Ruskis. He just dropped me nuts with the Rusklin crap. It's a good man, but he just obsessed with that Rusklin garbage. I hope that he does get his PC-anked off for Donald Trump. I'd rather see him fight Jimic man, that would be good. 560, 50560, pound 560, the Verizon Siguero Wireless Line. Very weak, we sponsored it, and this would travel along. And that's because most of you don't have, we don't have Pasa Porta. You haven't been anywhere, very sad. WDQAM, hello. QAM! WDQAM, hello. I just have my Pasa! Welcome, congratulations. You're on the club. QAM, hello. Not there. And finally, WDQAM, Ola. Hi, I'm R.P.T. Speaking, yes. Hi. Hi. Yeah. I knew, uh, it's a courtesy, uh, I liked the prod very much. Especially, it's good for two bans, it's like things, because they have a lot of older things like that, that Hitler wanted to keep at the race as they, uh, estimate to an extent great. Yeah. So there's a lot to see there then. There's a lot to see there, yeah. A lot to see there, the people, good looking people. Uh, because music could, could, could, could, could be a very good beer. Huh. Yeah. And how much English, no problem with the language? No, no problem at all. No problem at all. I went to similar to that last call, right? This is the Vienna prod Budapest thing. And, uh, I wasn't too big on Vienna, I don't know. It didn't do it for me. I think that's what I learned. That's where the Nazis were in Austria anyway. What about the Budapest? Budapest, uh, I have some family history there. I really liked it. And, uh, you know, it's kind of, uh, it might feel like it's not quite as prod, uh, but, uh, it's very interesting as well. I, I would highly recommend that area of the world to anybody. I think Budapest is supposed to be the new portal headquarters of all of Europe is what I'm told by those who know such disgraceful rights. It's Budapest. Budapest, yeah. Yeah. They did have some pretty good late night television, uh, pretty, pretty, uh, spicy. Well, uh, graphic action that I was pretty into. I'll be there. Well, okay. I'll see you there then. Get on. Thanks, Paul. Budapest. Yeah. There's no language problem. Any, any major tourist destination, a speaking way. So, in fact, you probably find more English and, uh, and the Czech Republic that you will endate County. I wouldn't even doubt that with you. Not even a contest? No, not even a contest. No contest, things. That's not a shot or anything like that. It's just the truth. It's the honest goodness truth. When you're living in a banana republic or it's no spaghetti glaze. And what's going to happen? I hear that past. That's the rule that I'm starting today. And when he's going to croak one of these days, there's no question about it. And then what? You going back? For a visit. You go have to, you have to wait till he crops you can come up here and then the fly right from here direct. You go to Vanol, and then the bar go violating any any. Anisodotizer. All I see. I see. That's like wiky tiki senses would say, why would you have to see that interview? The law, you can. I'll email it to you. If you got the, you, you, um, there's some somewhere. Okay. I'd like to see him get and put down and made the jackass that he really is. His performance when the alien thing was going on in South Florida was one of the most embarrassing. You can't complain about his journalistic abilities because he hasn't got any. Kind of like our technical abilities of QA and we can't complain about the Nazi. Only one drop out on the streaming so far today. Well, thanks God for that. Before we make it a fine come back or what? And I feel like death on wheels man. I feel like I think it's the tea. I think the tea is what loosened up my intestines yesterday and caused me to have that very embarrassing accident. And then today it's like my own words are like, yeah, like just like that. As Duffwood say attention man, I say that all the time. Does the Neil Roger show? What the fuck? What the fuck? This is going, what the fuck? What the fuck? Any questions? Huh? I joined the Nazi party. They used to call it the G.O.K. And that strongly agree with rightly palace E.S. Will be coming for me. So I went to the Nazi party, convention hailed in the Empire State. For 911, thank the soldiers get their hands as shame. And dance on the break. I'm breathing. I'm coming now. The bush got trinets with. You see you be me. Anyone is here. And thank for yourself. Love, but I'm not. Love, but I'm not. The bush, the blue, the blue, the yellow, the yellow, the yellow, the yellow. The entertainment at the Nazi party was appropriate the Christian and white. There was David, give me clear channel the brew, please read one. And to be green teeth, keys. I'm watching. Hold right now. And hand called to her as well. If you don't believe, what she's the only one that you should die to have. One, one, one, no. Alright. Love it all three at five. So you know if you have a few. Here's the fact that says, if you go to Prague, be careful. You don't line up in a place like the one in the movie, hostile. And get tortured. That's where I have your eye burned off. That's where the jump from the front of her trained window. I forgot about that movie, which I saw not that long goat couple months ago. I remember we saw a lot about that. But that wasn't, you know, check a little little slobakia. That was like, what was that? Transylvania, Slobovia or something, Slobovia? Yeah. Slobovia. And anyway, so I looked up hostile because I, you know, had seen the movie. And remember talking about it. And sure enough, there's my buddy, Jay Hernandez. Who is in that movie? Who I think is just, here's a fabulous picture of Jay Hernandez. I mean, you know, there's some people, there are good pictures of people. And there's some people who photograph, you know, spastic, whatever. But Jay Hernandez, he could play on my team, any day the week. And he liked that. Or hi like it. Well, anyway, that's, that's the movie. If you got a strong stomach to see a hostile age, HOS to EO, I don't think that when you go on a kind of a pre-packaged thing with a major airline that they say, thanks. And you, and to some kind of a youth hostile to stay in a hotel. I don't know. If you'd like to everybody, so I can say, okay, how we do not the poll. I would go there. I'd go there tomorrow's a matter of fact. If I had another week vacation, I'd be on my way and stay at the hospital. And I would not, I'd be a little hostile. But I would not stay there. Let's see, 836 votes on the poll. What do you think, Neil, where is by doing his daily show? I, I just, I don't even know if I want to read this poll again. It's so embarrassing. And I, I fed up the only reason I put it on there is because I was too lazy to come up with one of my own yesterday or go through my pile here. I just found it there. And I thought, well, yeah, what the hell? Right? Right. What the hell? It's not going to put anymore money in our pocket or in the audience's pocket. What do you think he wears by doing his daily show? His briefs and t-shirts, 241, overwhelming. And I'm not wearing no t-shirt. Well, shame on you. How do you even know why Peter? No. Guard about the stockings, 81. I'll work on that for next week. All right. I hate this poll 72. Short enough while I insured 70. How about a, um, Yamoka? It would be good. Just only a Yamoka. Only boxers, 70. That's the correct answer. My box is shorts. Red and I have some blue ones too. Red, checkered. Box is shorts. It's against a little bit too much information or one. No, I think the people that are writing the notebooks, you know, right in books, they need to know that. Good. Every day. Bathroom 69. I don't have a bathroom over here. I think I have a couple down there. I don't have no bat robe here. Tom Brady football jersey 53. I'm just not one of those guys. It was like a lot of sports, paraphernality, you know, like, uh, uh, uh, I mean, back in the day when I was going to panthag games, I'd wear my, uh, once in a while where the panthag jacket would usually my maple leaf jacket. In fact, the Leafs are plenty islanders here. I believe in a wooden surprise me if there's some hockey stuff on right there. We've been in the hospital since in the hospital. Oh, boy. Look at that. He's in the hospital with a, with a split thing. The old. Yeah. That was a gift. And in the sixth. There you go. Panthers are playing the Montreal Canadians in Montreal. I noticed Gueldi did not make a, I put stop here in Toronto. The see me on the way to Montreal. I would have been a friendly thing to do. Anyway, getting back to the pool, uh, brown quarter was in a plaid shirt 37. Like, uh, what's his name? What the, what the, what the, what's that show? I give up what was it. Not with the group falls. The Canadian, uh, group falls. S.E. TV. No. Anyway, not a nothing. So 28, my count 27, only a jock 23. Tan slash and a Navy blazer 16. What does that mean? I don't even know what that means. Keeping in mind, did not make this pool. Tuxedo 8, adult diapers 3, 3 p.s. 3 and a night shirt 1 out of a 41. What a wicked web we, when we practice 2, dc. WQAM, hello. 2 AM. 2 AM. No. 3 AM. You think people actually care we're? Why do you dump him? Why do you cut him off? Because he last week, uh, he sounded that curse at George over there. He was cursing at George over there. Well, what do you remember? You got, wow. Yeah, people do care what I'm wearing on here. In fact, what I just get through telling you about what an embarrassing stupid ass pull it was, but that wasn't good enough for you. Was it schmuck? Huh? What a lifeless piece of turd that takes the time to call and send his very worst. You are one of the main reasons that people are pouring out of South Florida. They're racing out like there was the bubonic plague on the loose. But have a wonderful day. WQAM, hello. Well, yes. Uh, this QAM? What I just get through saying, sir, I said WQAM. That's exactly what it is. Well, I've got a proper report, but uh, I've just the second time I've dial. I'm on a cell. I'm not going to, what you want? I'm on a cell. You're talking to me. You're on right now. Let's hear it. Lay it on us. Uh, law, we just got back in late October. Yeah. Is my favorite city in Europe, I've been for a while. I've been the Rome Paris. A lot of the big Spanish cities. It's, it's a great city. If you stay in the old section and you get a guide book, things are near as far as they look. You see all kinds of different architecture. There's some good restaurants. It's really great. We loved it. So, I remember it's a walking city. You don't need to um, I can see in the old section, but that's where most of the sites are. Right. But there are a set of ways, but the only thing is the taxi's screw. Well, that goes down. They'll go all around town to take your quarter of them off. Yeah, they give it to you. I've got to tour right. Yeah. Okay. Thanks, pal. I'm glad you had a good time. Okay. So there you go. High recommendations for product. How would grab that deal right now? I would retread out and grab it. Squeeze it. 842 votes on the poor by the way. We will get to a thousand spite of my bad voice and in spite of the fact that say very, very lame ass pool. You think people really care what you're in? They said part of it is just they do the service. That's the sad part. You want to know why? I have no idea. That's the answer to the question. WQAM. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Listen, um, I was getting a lot of cold stuff on the weather chain. A lot in there was this, this front of mine turned me on to the strength that they sell. Everybody has an hour to use a manufacturer in California. It's called Boathouse Barnes. And it's got a screen. It's got all these super anti-oxidants in it. And Neil since I've been drinking it. And that too, it just, my, I have not got sick around my kids in my life. It's a teacher who does work for hours of a day, Neil. I'll be doing well. This is the first goal I've had in four years. So I think I'll pass on the above house. How's Boathouse? Whatever was he was talking about? I just got like a little cold. It's not like I'm dying over here. I've got some horrendous disease that I brought back from Berlin. There's some grotesque growth on my nose or something like that. It's just like a little head cold, you know. But I'd do appreciate his tremendous concern. Maybe he's not a stockin' at thing, whatever they want. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Is it me you're looking for? Hello. I think there's an easy answer. No. WQAM. Hello. Good morning. Ha ha ha ha. I think they got him at time. WQAM. Hello. You're right. He's out of control. WQAM. Hi Neil. How are you doing? Okay. Well, I must say that second to last call, they're sounding like a real young. But I can't disagree with what he said. I've been to both Prague and Budapest. Prague is a wonderful city. I was there about seven years ago. And I did find that not a whole lot of people spoke English. But as he said, you do need to stand the old section. And they have a place there called the Saint Charles Bridge. Beautiful. Has an incredible statue. And then there's like a little stairwell, sound from that bridge. And it leads to a park. And I remember when I was there, I encountered them as a huge wall. And they had attributes to John Lennon of all people on that wall. Which was really interesting. And they also have this clock tower. And people gather at the top of the hour because they have these limsical figures that figurines that come out and kind of like dance around. And you know, things to be a major attraction there. I will always hear it for me. I'll tell you that. It's just, I mean, it's interesting. It seems like a city that's kind of like stuck in the 14th century. Really. But the restaurants are good. People were friendly. Those are spoken English anyway. Budapest was, I think, unadvantable. But one of your college mentioned Vienna. And I highly recommend the Vienna. It's really beautiful. The architecture is beautiful. The world is incredible. Oh. Yeah. Unbelievable. So I recommend Vienna. Okay. Give it a shot. Okay. If I'm suited. Okay. Bye. One area ago, a little travelogue for it. Did it in a nice to charge. And it sounds to me. We haven't had anything negative about Prague. Except don't go to that hostel where they're poking people's eyes out with those, whatever they were doing. Yeah. Powered drills and whatnot. Yeah, powered drill. It's kind of like that movie pie. And where it's the individual who puts the towers real life to be said. I keep telling that. They almost keep telling. I watched it anyway. Look at that. Oh, they just had the appol on there. Julie Annie's ahead of McKinney. They were public in the pool on CNN. 32 to 26. Well, we'll see. We'll see what we'll see. And I'm going to tell you again. This hill everything. I'm getting so sick and tearing all the stuff. Publicity. They're giving that bitch. Oh my god. She couldn't lick Barack Obama's butt if she stood on the stool. She couldn't do it. But you know, what do I know? Have I been telling you for months and months before he even announced he was going to wonder that I attended Barack is the man. I told you that. You heard it right here first. And you can tell from our intellectual audience they're really all whipped up a lot of TV. The biggest thing he can tell is that. The biggest is we will rock first. Sports video 560. You A.M. A.M. A.M. A.M. Dam as dirt. Everybody's in real. For no reason. Unless you run on that planet. For material they fall. You only do go to read now. For something that you say. There's no self-sceptical brand. Bring someone game. Everybody's in real. But they should have been. They's a girl and a man's brand. Which isn't too busy. That doesn't mean you need three. Or a frustration. If you want to run for a hand. Just a million sure. That's a movement. Everybody's in real. To cover their own hands. If you just threw one hand. For smoke the little grass. You don't need to go to read. For make it racial slurs. Or if you run away. Have it still be heard. We ask not for it's off-kid. Or something you need to spend. We ask not for it for these ways. Or if not the things you don't need to go to read. And you're the one who's in real life. And you're the one who's in real life. And you're the one who's in real life. And you're the one who's in real life. And you're the one who's in real life. And you're the one who's in real life. And you're the one who's in real life. And you're the one who's in real life. And you're the one who's in real life. And you're the one who's in real life. And you're the one who's in real life. And you're the one who's in real life. And you're the one who's in real life. And you're the one who's in real life. And you're the one who's in real life. And you're the one who's in real life. And you're the one who's in real life. There's a lot of delicious snacks on the bag tonight. And one another is And one who's in real life. And you're the one who's in real life. You're the one who's in real life. So you feel good now. Set that a bird as a dog? Well, it sounds to me like a winner, right? Hey, Sir Rosarott, is what it boils down to. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. Neil. Yes. OK. I've some words about Prague and Budapest, but before, you were talking about the airport in Berlin. It shows that they're not the temple hop. Kepelhaus pretty much closed now. Oh, I've said about the site of the air, some, man. Yeah, it goes for the international flights and show them, felt mostly, in her European flights. Anyway, about Prague and Budapest, the woman that called me for the break, she was fairly accurate for the way it went about maybe seven to ten years ago, but it changed a lot. It has really become much more like the rest of Europe. The Czech Republic is especially killing the common market, and probably about $2,000 or $2,000, and the things that majors like a Prague and destination that made it especially welcoming the Czechs has become much more homogenized, and it's not that much different than the European capitals. The one thing it has going for is that the Russians in the Soviet Union, the British, the World War II, didn't censoration bomb. So a lot of the buildings in our still standing, so there's a lot of neglect of the buildings during the communist era, but they've been doing a very good job of doing a lot of restoration. So it's worthwhile, but you have to go with, you know, open, put up a nice, put it in the process, you get a lot of these British bachelor party type groups that go for the chief beer and... And James did it in a sense. And for the damn, exactly. Exactly. So I mean, I mean, it's a mixed experience, I think it's still worthwhile to not keep an entire trip around. In other words, spend a couple of days in each city, and you get to feel of it, but don't go and spend being some kind of their boner of care. It was that of what's happened, not anymore. I see. All right, thanks Neil. Okay, thanks, Pral. Okay, have any of you just said, he said, come see come saw, it's okay. So I have a good time and good luck to you. And there's a bunch of smelly brits. Runk, I think he just got a... Go yourself and make up your own mind. That's right. I go for it, you know? I mean, it's not so affordable, then again what the hell is? Wait, remember that. That's right. WKOM, hello. WKOM, hello. WKOM, hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, I'm not going to repeat what everybody has telling you. A great pride in Buddha Paces that being there, I love it. But you 100% correct. I've been to Europe a lot by Amaz, semi-professional photographer. I have very expensive equipment and not even once I fell. Like somebody's going to steal my equipment or anything like that. And I've been all the way from the Scandinavian countries all the way down to Buddha Paces. And I'm 100% agree with you there. And let me ask you a question, you've ever been to a city called Bruges. No. Oh, amazing. That should be your next destination because I tell you it's not far away from from Australia. And actually, if you take the train, it's only... You've got a Brussels process at great cities only 45 minutes away from Bruges. So it's at great city. Very much like Pracks, you know, in that, in my guess, the top of city. People's friendly, the food is incredible. Highly recommended. OK, thanks a lot, Palin. Thank you. See you. Yeah, I see a lot of you have never been to Europe like George for example, which is sand. But I'm sure that Josh Curtis will come through for you. What are these days? No, seriously. And when you go there, you would like granted pick pockets in Rome. I told you the story about Hogga Ma, my credit card's lifted in Rome by the gypsies. And you have that whole anti-giftie. I'm going to definitely lose my voice. Oh, don't do that. No, seriously. It's a good thing that this whole topic came up now. Thank you very much. But because otherwise, I would have been reading all this stuff and I can't do that. I just can't barely speak. Although, during the break, I'll make me some more tea. Good. Some more of that crap. I mean, the cranberry, crapberry tea. But you don't have that feeling of fear. And anywhere I've ever been in Europe, even Amsterdam, you have to get lost off the beaten path. And Amsterdam can be very confusing. But they have all these signs that point like central stays. As long as you keep like one landmark in mind, you usually either the day that damn square or central station, you're not going to get lost too bad. But, you know, pick pockets are about to worship an encounter. Almost nobody was done. Only people with guns are the police. Yeah, they have guns and the, you know, the Karabinietti. Karabinietti must be like a step away from the Swiss guard, you know, with the Vatican because both of us, they must have like very strict requirements on who can be one of the state police. The community had a pageant to select to that. I wouldn't be surprised with manners. I'm really very fine looking at gentlemen who are the Karabinietti, but you don't want to mess with them. I would be sure the police is the police. But that's just my opinion. I'm looking for a Lynn. You don't, you don't have any fear. You're not looking over your shoulder. Who's walking in the alley behind you or like, well, what like that? You know, as opposed to like being in downtown Miami or like in almost any emergency, like downtown Detroit, God forbid or like that or in LA. Well, if there's any city that's, I would talk about a change. Who? And not a change for the better either. I mean, you know, cities all of what I just say, cities all change over the years. You hear what I said, chitty. Yeah. I'm kind of chitty myself. Yeah. But man, LA has become a scary place. I'll have been there in years. I mentioned scarier now than it was when I was there. I imagine. It's pretty scary. I heard a lot of the fact that I'm out there maybe it's a little bit less scary. Because I'm a very, like look at Brassie. I'm a very scary guy. Yeah. How are we doing on that very bad pull? And again, I'm so eight, sixty nine will make a thousand easy. See, that's our audience, man. They come through for us. Even on the day when, you know, I screwed off. And you'll be pleased to know that we got a whole bunch of stories on there today because Josh Cortis finally, he must have known, let's see, two, four, six, eight, ten, and 12, 15 stories. And that great? Mm-hmm. A lot of stories that they could see, they're all on theowashers.com. And Josh Cortis, we understand, is doing a fabulous job. We'll have to keep it. WKOM.com is nobody told us. He said he is doing a certain hack of fire. It is on fire, just like he's a panful loomies. And the biggest thing, so best challenge for the business. We will run. Oh, you found that life way of life, sixty. You, baby. Damn. They talk little boy. La la la la la la la la la la la. Tom Ray, now, I want to win. You make two, don't let it play like gravy. Whip. La la la la la la. These are good for a pair of dew, a shining world of meat. We can't a guy that I want to do. Let's go to the real two kids. I want to hear people on a day, but there's no chance at all. So does the make me a sports quiz if I want to see a grab the balls. You make it wow. Look at that kid. You make two, don't let it play like gravy. Whip. La la la la la la la la la la la la. And that I had every experience that helped me see his balls. I can do what I wanna, but I ain't gonna. Damn it, it's good. No-to-date, no-to-date is a school. Okay, that is not too great. But I'm so welcome to family. At least until we're 28. I'm great. Now I want to win. You make two, don't let it play like gravy. I'm going to play like gravy quiz. We'll make you out. Look at that shit. You made shit. Oh, that's right. I'm going to play like gravy quiz. So the rumors of the dolphins are going to crack pretty cool. That would be wonderful. Wouldn't it be a beautiful thing? To, he would be anyway. I'm not about that. And then of course, if a trigger of that he was like a real bomb, that would be really bad. Wouldn't it? Huh? It would be terrible. Hmm. Just made me a fresh couple of my poison berry tea here. Excellent. With my splendide. And it is really splendid. I'm much better just after having like a little, yes, you do. Beautiful here. Something hot in your mouth. Whether. And you're throughout. Yeah. Yeah. I'll make somebody feel better. I'm just, I'm just drinking my tea. That's all. I'm not going to make my own business. Take it easy. I'm just drinking my tea. That's all. Take it easy. You're sick. You're sick, puppy. That's why Joe hates you like poison must be. No. Yeah, it's really something when he sends me an email yesterday about something that you did on the pole last week. He knows damn well that you did it. I know. And you know what bothers me? What bothers you? No, many things bother me. I mean, you know, when you get to, when your old design, there are many things that bother you. But what bugs me is people who won't come out and really say what they mean. In other words, I don't want to say that Josh told us because that would be bad for him. But the fact that it matters is that you know, it has to do with a QA and website linking to our way. Look, if they don't want to link to our website because we're two pornographic or two, we use too many words. I don't care. What benefit do we actually derive? I mean, you know, we like Josh and he's a good kid and everything else. Right. In fact, I love him and he loves me. But that's why he told me this morning anyway. But what benefit do we derive from that? Do we get any promotion from that? Publicity, the benefit and they don't even put the new Roger show in it and then he program. They got all the sports nerd guys on there. But not the new Roger show. And of course, our sales manager, so it is rumored, is busy opening up big not to all the sales people. Well, don't, you know, don't know anybody tell you this station is only about the new Roger show. We got all these great, you know, because evidently this function is in the agencies can't read the erading. You know, go out and tell them we got all these big numbers all day long. Which isn't, I'm not saying that's not anybody else on the station. I wouldn't do that. But I'm just saying it's just another example of how they always have us under their thumb. But now I wish I appreciate people when they are forthcoming. You know, in other words, tell me what you think. And there's some people who don't want to tell you what they really think because they're afraid they're going to hurt your feelings. Are they going to get you pissed off or whatever it is? Am I that volatile? Don't answer the question. No, not really. You're trying to find out what I got to see me out yesterday. I thought to myself, I said, and back of Rick and so I said, okay, no problem. We'll tone it down, you know, or some stupid crap like that. Whatever that means, right? Whatever it means. I mean, I don't want to go into detail about it, but it was just stupid because Joe is a kind of stupid guy. But that's the way it is. It looks pretty good, so far, we'll be fortunate on, and what does this say? Old, stupid remedy. Oh, man, I'm waiting for our friend Moissius, I mean old, stupid remedy for my cold, I guess, and like that. Yeah, I'm waiting to hear it. Okay. That's all I got was just three words on it. Okay. Because my blackberry is on fire. You talk about how did it smoke in this morning. It's on fire. I'll tell you this tea is really something. Yeah. I can't say that we're going to go up. Okay. Now we've killed an hour and a half on this, which I appreciate very much. My close personal body, they're coming off on this tangent. Thank you so much. Thank you, usual. Two and a half. What is it? Two and a half hours. Two and a half hours to go. Yeah. Well, I think you can handle it. No, I sound, see what you do, and you know this well as I do when you have a bad cold. This isn't a bad cold because if I had a bad cold, you'd be doing a show. But if you have a scratchy throat or a cold, you get up in the morning. You'd like talk to yourself. Of course, I do that every day. But you get up in a morning about to see if you can project. Right. Now there's not enough that you're able to speak, but you have to be able to project. That is of course, I can sit real close to the mic like this, and I could crank the pot way up and kind of cut the mic like that. See what? Because otherwise you just tear your throat up. And then you run all the rest of the week, which is not a really good idea. It's funny you should say that because a lot of people don't know what that word means. And I didn't use to the guy that was helping me get my first radio job. Because he used to mumble all the time. Yeah, exactly. That's what your buddy, what's his name, Jerry, the opinion guy. Oh, his name is Jerry because, yeah, G-E-R-R. He's not even using his wife's account, so. Does he really, he's a jerk. Jerry, the J stands for jerk. But he stuck a piece of copy in front of my pit. I knew who did Jerry from the movie. Yeah. William guy. Okay, never mind. Go ahead. No, you're just going to interrupt again. It's all right. Oh, like you don't do that to me. I'll just say that damn music all the time. So he stuck a piece of copy in my face and said, here now, read this into the microphone and project and I said, huh? He stuck in your project. What does that mean? Yeah. Like, do when you're on stage in the place, because then right from this theory thing that we used to do. Like, you do when you're on stage so the people can hear you dummy. And I went, oh, right. That what that means. Well, I've been all you didn't take the lesson. It was the heart because for the first time, how many years you were doing this? You were a mumble, I'm a very afraid and sheepish and shy. No, big floppy shoes. So how do you get it? Get through it. You were filling that big floppy shoes. They floppy. That's not even on the pole. I wear big floppy shoes. And in fact, I probably have right now. Only because I've got the coal all. It's nice and toasty in here. Even though it's freezing outside. Let me take a look at which hotel I stole these from. This is from the, oh, look at that. The European Pinsky hotel, Bristol and the Bristol Compissquio Tellem Berlin, that's from last summer. That's from last summer when the world cup was going on in Berlin. And I sure have fond memories of last summer in Berlin. Oh, God, do I ever have memory? I better not start moving my mind in that direction because it's very, very bad. And Joel will get the bad vibes. You know, the pornographic vibes from whatever that's all about. He owes it something sub-rosa. 896 votes on the pole man will be way over 900 by noon. No sweat. I don't know what you guys have said. Service nellies and e-leas above. Here is the result. So far. It's such a horrible pool. We better, I better find a good one in this pile for a month. What's that one that the guy sent today? About, no, there it is again. What do I wear? What was the pool? Oh, we get depressing. Well, we don't need the pressing for a crime. We want to be uplifting. We want a little bit of, uh, like that. Just a little tiny bit of something. We don't like this any pressing. We've done a similar thing like that. The cause of the human race. None of us also had the sports talk radio. Oh. I really do believe that. That's a symptom. I think it is written somewhere in the good book or maybe in the bad book. In fact, it didn't. These guys had a bad book. But anyway, that's beside the point. I don't want to get Chris. What is his name? The sales manager. Jones. See, it's a tough name to remember. 899 votes on the pool. What do you think me aware is doing his show every day? Recent t-shirt, 256 almost a third of the audience. And I keep telling you, I don't. And they keep voting for it. Well, that's my, that's why I would offer advice to my buddies out there. Don't, when you hear the, one thing I've learned over the years is by a travel book, talk to people who you know who've been to a particular place. Like when my friend comes home this evening, I'll ask him for the whole travel log on Prague. I mean, yeah, we've talked about it since he was there. I like it okay, but I'll get all the details because if he was with all the respect, I mean, there are people with very good intentions and they call in and but it would be been a give you the report. But I've discovered that the audience over the years when it comes to travel reports and restaurant reports and any life reports is not all I could because I'm full of the generally. I have no line. That's correct. So how do you know anything about life when you don't have one? Guard about the stockings 87. 10 getting choked up about that. Don't cry. I beg of her. You don't have to get choked up about it. Not crying. Oh, man. That is so good. I hate this full 78. Even in my present mediocre condition, they still hate the pull. That's South Florida for him and they just full of hate. Short center Hawaiian shirt 75. That's not a bad idea. I do like the Hawaiian shirts. You know, once upon a time I used to wear those because when you're real fat, and I mean when I was really, really fat, he wears shirts. You don't have to tuck in. Right. I don't know how to tell you. It's not a reason to wear those kinds of shirts. Because I have to tuck your shirt in as a pain in the ass and it becomes on top. And then you have to, you know, go and put it back in there and people see your, you know, tuck in your shirt back in. They think you're reaching down your pants and reaching out of your pants for what? Like a search party? Yeah. Well, in my case, it would probably be accurate. That's just a big box of 74. That's that's the correct answer. I'm telling you the correct answer. There's still a phone for all of a sudden. I want to change my vote to the party. You mentioned it. Only box of 74. I'm sitting here in my nice red heans. Whatever the hell they are. Oh, 75. Good. His bathroom 72. Time ready for bulldozer's E58. Valorant. And anybody would listen to you people about travel plans? Oh, man. I wouldn't travel from here across the street to the supermarket. Based on this crowd. Valorous sweatsuit 39. Brown court Boys and flat shirt 38. Not on nothing. El Nudo. But third man. Yeah, wouldn't that be sweet. A 30 night gown 29 like Alister Sim playing evidence of screwed in a Christmas Carol 29. Only a jock 25. Tan slacks in Navy Blazer 17. It all diapers 12. Tuxedo 8. 3 piece suit 3 in a night shirt. Only one. What's the difference between a night gown and a night shirt? I think a night gown is for women. Well, that's got 29 votes. Well, I think they're trying to say something to you. That could be a big name. So best challenge to the business. We will Roger's Sports Radio 560. You A-A-A-A. Down on your hands and knees and lick my boots. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Okay, now that's all I need to do is get out of the way. I'm gonna make it up to you. I'm gonna make it up to you. I'm gonna make it up to you. I'm gonna make it up to you. I'm gonna make it up to you. I'm gonna make it up to you. Okay, now that's all stuff on this crap. There you go. Okay, let me put you a 12 minutes before noon. This tea is really working like a magic for me. Believe it. Well, it's better than whatever that guy was peddling there. What was it that green algae, puke, whatever he was saying? I don't know. I'll aloe ver. Ah, well, that's good. So what do you say, body wash or soap? I don't make the switch. I'm gonna tell you right now. If I found out that anybody I know is still using soap, I'm gonna personally give them a spanking, like the witch they have never had in their lives. How does your crystal use soap? I use, look what stuff body wash. Yes. I actually look with stuff. That sounds like soap. Yeah, that's something I've ever seen in a second. Goopy and all I look with stuff. I would use body wash. George and all of those guys finally decided to change. That's right. Well, you're way too, because obviously a masculine fat guy like you wants to be right in line, you don't want to be, I'll be, I'll be step by step, I'm using some pansy candy as lilac stuff, you know, the shower. Now you're doing things to say four men on it. Yeah, that's right. Adidas for men. Adidas for men. Or a lot of you die for. You have a shirt. I beg your pardon? I've a shirt says that right there on the front for men. Do I look like Duff? Can't you tell the two of us some heart? No, you don't go to the gym as often as he does. That's right. I wonder what he does at the gym. I wonder if he ever works it out at the gym. I really doubt it. You know what they say about guys that go to the gym? That's what they say. We should like to feel relaxed once again. Right. And the guys that, and it's just like the whole sports thing. And all guys that take showers together. I don't care what anybody says, but when guys take showers together. That's a deep club you've worn on. It sends me back to those high school days when we used to swim together, naked, and we used to take showers together in the gym class. I mean, let's face it when you're in school. They can't afford like separate stalls when you're taking a shower. Everyone Joe Castello was telling us about a Linda Mardi. And he said something about like him. I can't obviously say the word, but he said something about him in a butterfly. What did Linda Mardi have in come with a butterfly? Some crap like that. And I think the answer was the same thing that I do. But in any rate, it was probably a little bit too much information. But just like some of his kicks, I think what he was trying to say, came up a little bit short. Is that what he's trying to tell us? Yeah, it's something like that, like nature. Okay, I've killed almost two hours with this, so I thank you for, seriously. I'm not close, personal friend, for sending that question. I don't know if we really answered the question yet. I don't think so. I think when my Toronto buddy comes, when we do our real fortune watching, then I realize that that sounds a little bit strange. Doesn't it? A little bit. But my friend lives in his building and comes up seven o'clock every night. We sit and shoot the crap and watch real fortune. And that's pretty much all with that? No, he doesn't feel. He was on the last summer, I think he'll give me much more objective. And we are listed over view to pass along before somebody goes spending a lot of hard or money and then finds out, oh, what a dumpy place that is, you know? Because there are places you'll go like Karakas, that time, oh, man. But getting back to February. We were talking about the Hawaiian shirts and about tucking the shirts and stuff like that. And maybe start thinking about him. Not that he ever wore Hawaiian shirts, like when we covered he always wore those big fabric, like when we covered that, there is no shoe or things that are not right. Yeah. But you don't have to tuck in the shirt because when you're huge and fat, I've been through those periods of time. Believe you mean, a good part of my adult life, you don't tuck in the shirt because you can't because it keeps like flopping back out because you're such a big tub of, I shouldn't be saying this because Chris is probably listening. Now, you tucking your shirts? You tucking the shirts, right? Now, in other words, you wear those big gowns. Yeah, night gowns. Well, I'm not a night gown, but you know what I'm talking about? Polo shirt today with the three button-colored polo shirt. Polo shirt, now listen. Oh, I think you're going to look like a t-shirt. No, I'm wearing a t-shirt. They track I shouldn't be wearing a t-shirt because then your boobies really protrude, man. I really, really, grow tess somewhere in the shirt. Yeah, like when I'm sure, me wearing a tight t-shirt, nasty. But anyway, the point being about fat, which is that, as you know, we went to the track to pump it apart. I would say like 20 years together. This is Walmart for your S.A.B.20. There's been a course here at the Audacity going, Croca, me there at the track that night. Well, it's a good thing I wasn't there, you know. I don't know. I don't think I, I'm not the kind of person who would do well with that. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I can be generally speaking, like I said yesterday, I'm resilient. I bounce back from anything. But sitting there when one of your good friends just pops over and croaks at the dinner table at the track. And that's something that I really would have wanted in there to see or see or see or see. And he'd think else. But when you lose, everybody's got, I think not everybody. But I think most people have like a, a buddy that they do certain things. Like, when I went to a third bread, they used to go to a, the caller and to a ghost game, and even a high lea there during that one for it. With Bill Codder. You only got that they have a name to raise track after. And then when he died, I stopped going to the third bread raises. Because it's boring to me. See what I'm saying? Mm-hmm. And the same with fat rich. I mean, even when I'm down there like the last time I was there, I didn't even go to Pompano, which is unusual because you know how much I love Pompano and how well they treat me and how good the food is and how great I love the harness racing is like in my blood. It's in my blood as Peter blood would say, it's in your blood, maybe it is. I love harness race. As a matter of fact, wouldn't surprise me. I'm sure that the replays are on right now on the horse racing channel. All right. All right. For that. Are both scratched? No, that's filled it off of your partner's store, right racing. That's the, that's the, that's the, Goofballs on the back raises. But anyway, my point being that once that rich died, I, you know, I'm just not that inclined to be going that much anymore. For now, this spring when they get the slots and they're probably going to be a different story. Being the slots fool that I am. And there are people who say to me, well, you know, first of all, there are a lot of folks don't understand the concept of a race. A race, seen over which is brand new and Florida anyway, because we just passed it and finally now that fan asked you, bushes out of there to find the getting things going. But a race seen over which every race track in Ontario, which is a Ziggy of them, has got a recino with the means that's racing out of the track and then slot machines. And he's like, not the rest of the gambling, not a full casino. If you catch my drift. He drifted. I'm drifting. What does that mean? I'm getting all these messages now. Oh, well, I had to be, I the only reason I picked this up. I never do that. Well, I didn't once before. It was a bad mistake because I just, I just, I just, I lost it all year. And what felt as I just talking about before I got this side frame. I was, you know, or the race, you know, yeah. And so, but like a focus in like Niagara, for example, falls view, which I would recommend very hardly. Anybody out there going Niagara Falls? And I was not the time, by the way. And especially not tonight they're going to have like 15 inches of snow tonight in Niagara Falls in Hamilton. Well, you talk about a dumpy city. I don't know what it is, but I've gotten off the track and I never even got to my pile. I'm just rambling today. I think I all got started when I'd business about the Prague. Tastes, Fale. But Hamilton is such an industrial city. It's 400,000 people. It's bigger than rottenchester. But it's very industrial. And there's all the smokestacks in the, ah, you drive through it. And like, even with the windows closed, you know, on the summertime, on the way to Niagara Falls. You have to drive through a Hamilton. And you look over there and you can just tell that the people are archerylive very long. Which is probably just as well because it's kind of a Yahoo City. And you know, because Canada is so far north. Now, what is the thing? The, that is from the CTB, what are those two guys? The top and the can. The top and that's the guys. Those are the guys. The hoses, eh? Those are the guys. Yeah, that's the one. Take off a, but, but unless you're in like, I'm assuming Toronto or Montreal. Or Vancouver, or maybe Ottawa. There have never been, or maybe Quebec to many frogs. But, you know, Canada is very much like the US mostly Redneck. You know, Yahoo Calgary, that whole Al Mordafing. Moose job. The Canadians that I encountered when we would cross the border into, in the British Columbia, where Nenson had just like Bob and Doug McKenzie. Exactly. I don't know the corner. I didn't get that. I didn't get that. Like then people in North Dakota. Right. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. She is so good. Oh, he's a little guy. He's a little guy. He's a little guy. I just need to go on the, I'll tell you. I was in for the right persuasion. The biggest thing he can do is to tell us to this. We are on the first sports radio 560. You name him. They'd be the 12th of the one out. Or on WQA. Well, I'd never thought I'd find the kind of ride that I'd be. The round piece of the. Now, it's a classic set of views, six-dove, and a real good ride. I'll be the. Now, it's a feeling that God has been the critters. Go, then, the dies of the musse. I've got the candle. Be quick, Jerry, your fat. Oh, baby. I'll put the candle down the cherry cherry. If you need baby, please. Oh, baby. God has been a little. They'll be the. I'll be the. If this is fake shit, now it's a one. The crop type of round____head said is so good. Now, wait. Now, it's hard to stop to V comparison day of heater, not the picture. With the phrase. I've not, deserve a see when I' I'll go down a move in the future. Looking fine now is my baby catalanette. Stop, baby.... Open the condor that curse each area. I'm very happy to be here. God, very good. I need you to build a little kid. Go. I'm not a boss. I've got a win though down. No, no, no, no, no. The day he goes the easy goal. What the hell, man? He's playing freshman all seed stops for smell. It gets him to see what he's going to win. Time. And I'm a back to see if I understand that shining ground is not like lying. That's my common genit. You deserve a washing it with all my wrong. Don't hold me anywhere. I'll give my the military to be the leader of the Dark Baby. I'm traffic means going over to people. Dark Baby. First of all, if you're going to be better to be the leader of the Dark Baby. Top of the 506-2-W-2-2-A, I'm a sex abroad seen in Spine. Says whoever sent this in from Sky News. By the way, we're from Murdoch owns Sky News that the right wing piece of turd. Who makes it, most of his money by putting on a salacious stuff that's on the Fox entertainment that we're putting on the Fox News network, all that right wing paranoid cramp. And print the New York Post and garbage like that. As new laws to make prostitutes safer are considered in the wake of the Suffolk murders, and the Britishmen are traveling abroad to buy sex. In part two of a week long series looking at the oldest profession, Skycourse, Fondant, Leyla Hayes visits, they check capital Prague. Prague? Oh my God. Where Britishmen are among the biggest buyers of sex, this is what she found. She says, I arrived in Prague with this one thing in my mind. Sex. And I wasn't the only one. I was here to film that every weekend is beautiful European cities overrun with young British guys on a mission to get drunk have fun and visit a Prosta Tuta. More young British are going abroad to pay for sex. I wanted to find out why she says. Oh, you ever seen a British woman? I think that should be it. Answer right off the bat. Says I met up with one stag group who told me they were on their way to a stake and tea blank blank. There's too many blanks in there. But if a stake... They can chips. Yeah, right. Well, rhymes with chips kind of. Night. Stake in teats night. I can say that. This evening of entertainment involves eating a stake to an overwhelming lack of answers on top of you. Nights. He says, Nights. The guys were friendly enough and happy to talk that isn't until they saw the camera. Then it was a case of, what if my mum or girlfriend or sister sees it? What if mum and sees it? Oh, those brits man. You talk about constipated. Mum. Like the queen mum. Remember her? That old drunk and bit. Oh yeah. Turns out many of them had been to a brothel tonight before. Just feeling rather sheepish. Or maybe they'd just feeling the sheep that could be at no end of brits. Anything that's moving, or anything that's in fact probably if it ain't moving, that's even better. Then I found Danny, she says. He told me if I bought him a black dance, he would tell me everything. He did. He cannot remember how many prostitutes he slept with, he may have lost count. But he knows he enjoys it and doesn't understand why other English guys are so scared to admit it. More than half the British men, who had mid-paying for sex had done so while abroad, in Prague I can see how easily it can happen. Many of the lat-dancing clubs are also brothels. The note touching will certainly doesn't apply here and if a man pays for a private dance, he can get a lot more for his money. Many of the men I met told me they wouldn't dream of visiting a brothel in Britain, but somehow doing it abroad seems different. We're doing it with a broader, maybe as abroad. As one of them put it in England it's more frowned upon. But if you go abroad and pay for sex, everyone is like, oh, that's fine. That's fine. We're fine. Yeah, like Dan Stewart, who's still dead. I can't believe he's dead either. But I never went to the track with him or anybody else's house. For the Adam's house to try to hit on him. Wasn't that the deal? Or was that Brian Mayandre? I'm sorry. I was Brian Mayandre. Brian Andrews from Channel 7 to see back on Channel 7. I think you know back on Channel 7. Is he really a see-home around the local way on the TV? I remember his most famous line when he was talking about his colleague, Adam Kershman. Hey boy, what's that in your mouth? Remember that one? Yeah. But anyway, it was fun. It was funny. Funny that I talking about women. I'm sure that Brian. Anyway, so he's back in town about not out him. That would be bad. Is this if there was any doubt about being out? Nine hundred and forty nine votes in a poll. This is the hour we go over a thousand. I'm going to say that's a pretty good feather in my calf. That's another stupid expression. Since I've been referring to that all the time about stupid expressions, every time I think of why I should start writing them down, please do. And then it would make a good poll. I know we've done that before, but she's there are so many things. George Carlin made a career at it. You know, it could be good for you too. Did he really? You know, I saw a clip of, and you know, I love George Carlin, but I saw a clip of one of his own stage performances. It's not that long ago. I think it was on you. Chew! Somebody may have put it on our mice face. By the way, we have 11, what do we got? 1193. Yeah, we're still seven short of twelve hundred on there. I'm a little disappointed. That thing is kind of like a peater dial a little bit. I mean, although when you were on last week, wow, I had to add like 80's sitting new friends on there. That's because of you. Oh yeah. It must be must be. What else would it be? I don't know. And now that I'm back now, the old man is back. It's like, ah, you know, one here, one there, and several that I'm turning down. I'm not putting little kids on there, okay? I'm not putting 14 and 15 year old kids. What I'm accepting you is a friend. Another thing that's really stupid about that. Thanks for the ad. Oh. Thanks for the ad. What does that mean? I know what it means. But what does that really mean? Thanks for the ad, my man. People call and say, thanks for taking my call. Yeah. This is even worse. I mean, stop by to say hi. That's bad enough. But this my space lingo. Thanks for the ad. Yeah, add this. Add this to our honest hand. And this finger on the other one. And you get a pair. Believe me. I'm a nevertheless. I think I'm going to make it. I'm not too sure though. Tomorrow though is another story. Tomorrow is an entirely different story. I would be preparing right now for you to be doing a show. But so we need seven more friends of my space today. Probably with me see they figured, now that they figured you're really paying a lot of attention to that. And what they don't know is that, oh, yeah, right exactly. What they don't realize is that even when I was in Berlin and when I came back here for days early, I was checking those things. I was, I was adding or deleting or whatever. I bet you didn't add one person on there when I was going to do you. On your page, no, I got my own. I'm talking about on the show page. No, no, I don't deal with that. That's a you and Miguel thing. Miguel, but keep his hands off it. And the page too. How's he doing by the way, Miguel? He was okay. Okay, like I said. Wow. See the Lord's punishing me from bringing that up. And it did bring it up. And it's yellow. Well actually it's that dark green. That's good. That's a good. See, I think I had a cool like several days ago. When I was in Berlin, I had like a little bit of a raw throat and I thought I had like, I thought I was getting a cool, but it just never materialized. And then I came back here and of course it's about minus eight billion. And I think I did finally, I know I finally got it. But I think it's at the ass and now. Maybe that was my problem yesterday in the elevator. Maybe that's where I called kind of like decided to hang out. So to speak. And it did. Well that's bad. You know, that was so, oh, brother. Have you ever had that happen? Which event? The one I'm not, I'm not going to keep repeating it. Okay. No, you want me. You got your money. So I'll repeat that. I know. I pooped my pain. I told you I've never had the pleasure, but I'm looking forward to it. And I don't think it's got to do with age so much. It has to do with digestion and your whole intestinal, that whole lot. Timing. Right. Well this was not fatal. This was not good luck. Believe me what I said. I think it could have happened to me and I've gotten damn close to what happened to me. But have you? So far so good. Well just keep in mind as you know, even if you're getting within a step of the house or the magic room, just keep thinking, oh, only two miles to go until I get home. You know, that's that's keep that mental of the suggestion. I split into home plate before and yeah, I was saying about that time. How about that time with the restaurant and brought it? I told you that's sure we're still in the toilet seat. Oh, it wasn't connected. That sounds brutal. I waited and waited. I was dancing the green apple quick step from one toe to the other. What was that restaurant? It's on them. That's like a nightmare. What the restaurant? Very nice. That's that it. Any there. Is there a deal there? I don't know. But what a memory I got. But that's really good. I was with Bill Carter in his wife. We're having dinner. And nature was gone. And there's some a. There's one stall in there, which is not a good idea. The restaurant that big. And there's somebody in there. And I'm dancing from one toe back to there. And finally he leaves. Finally. And I go and I sit down and luckily I, you know, I wasn't like right on the verge. I don't want to get to a graphic here. And the seat just went sliding right off the bowl and right off the board wouldn't with me on it. Not a good move. No man. But in the. 950 Symbols on the pool. And again, we apologize profusely for a really very. Oh, look at that Algeria blast. There's kids. There are right heads in Algeria. My dad's killing each other. Since it's it's reach to point now. Or it's just so insane that. Yeah. It's a big free for all of them. They're just all crazy people because they're all religious. Nuts and the Nigerian rebels release hostages. And here they're all running around with her oozees and with her black outfits. Looks like a bad day at the Ku Kluss fan. You know, like they didn't get the outfits washed or some really bad. The crazy world man, like I said, enjoy life in the school everybody. The biggest name. So best challenge with the big. Who all are get you, Ryan? For 24. 20. 560. And the Roger. I don't think. Mom got a chocolate box and valentine safe. Takes a bite out of one. Put your back in the tree. And it's really not right. It's a really gross save. Mom got a chocolate box for sheer alone. If they won't bite. She takes a bite of one. Who's it? I'm not the one who's it. If it's gone, let's let it slide. She's gonna play out in the eyes. Mom got a chocolate box for sheer alone. If they won't bite. She's gonna stay. I'm you too, James, bit. The orange ones. They make me die. So I'm just born and back. Mom got a chocolate box for sheer alone. If they won't bite. I'm happy valentine stay to our our valentines out there. I'll our ladies and all our guys who are like celebrating valentine stay. Whatever. Just out of old fag kind of holiday. You know, I'm just not all at the beginning of valentine's day. Just don't him and all that significance to me. How about you? What are you doing for the ladies in your life? I'm going to be buying them some things and a Vermont teddy bear came for you for me. But I've scented with it. And I'm going to be part of my valentine's package this year and may it buy me five minutes of peace and quiet. A lot of guys out there give those things for another kind of peace. And I don't want to hand your talk at about. I just want a piece of quiet. Right. Well, I think the thing you intercepted that because what would I do with a Vermont teddy bear? Give it to somebody that would be kind of like, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, a little bit. No, not a little bit. There would be very, very even even to for me. And that's saying a lot. Anything that's too gay for me is really over the top, you know. 970 votes on the poll. Let's get to a thousand by a one. Please. And then I'll just lay down, take a nap. Well, I do have some stuff here. Well, that's your help me out, man. I'll tell you that got me over the hump that the Prague stuff. Yeah, it was good. That travel. It was good. It was good. It was good. It was interesting. Listen, let me say this right now. This is from the bottom of my feet and the bottom of my parts. One thing I can impart to you, people's out there travel. I realize that not everybody's got the big bucks. You don't have that big bucks. You can get all kinds of good deals. You can travel, you know, cargo, whatever. But that's right. Steerage is not bad. I go see the real world because I got news for it. Unless you're listening online somewhere outside of South Florida to me right now. You aren't in the real world. Trust me when I tell you. Well, speaking of real world, what is that episode from Denver coming on? Oh, no. Man, do I need to see that? Hmm. I have a need. Let's see. Well, here George is says, what about Lime Green Pan? That's good. Lime Green Pan is a good. I think Moe, don't do this though. Here and behind. Old Moe. Anyway, travel. Trust me when I tell you. And you'll rarely go wrong. In fact, what I would suggest you is travel north, west, and east. If you're in South Florida right now, do not travel south. Not a good idea. Mom, that's just going to be a good idea. That's just going to be a good idea. I'm going to suggest you to run out of real estate if you do. Well, that's correct. I'm just saying. I don't mean like do South necessarily, but you know what I'm saying? Right. Hawaii is really great too. It's such a long, short, that's the problem. It's 11 hours flying time from South Florida. But boy, Hawaii. It is a paradise. Why aren't you in my hands? That's correct. I got to play that to him. What is it called again? Hawaii, Hawaii, Moe. No go away. All right. I just love them. And in the course of math, all you know, it would have to be coming up pretty soon, right? Right. She was unresponsive and not breathing when the seminal tribes police department requested help from her medical. According to a tape released today. The headline on this and the Sun sent alias. 9. 11. Tips of your little about end of the course, Smith's death. There's a really good story on Smurking, Chimphid, and our website tomorrow's way too long for me to read, especially my current condition. But about all these soldiers that are the Americans that are dying in Iraq. In fact, it lists the number of the names who died over the weekend on the set the same time she died and about nobody know other than the relatives of the family and friends. Nobody knows who they are. It's just statistics. Just another number. That's right. And here's all the hoopla about this big disgusting slut. Hello. I will say one thing. I've seen someone at Fibsley show. What's upon a time? She was pretty hot. Yes. What's upon a time? In America. Right. She was hot. And she got fat and greasy. Yeah. She lost all the way to again. But by then it was too late. We didn't care. In the 31 second call, the seminal travel police department asked how to would permit us for help and a assistant Smith who was found unconscious in a room with the hotel and casino. And the second page I printed out is blank. That's not me doing that. That's the sun's symbol. By the way, I find listener emailed me a link to that video with Charlize Theron and Rick Sanchez. Oh, where she makes a jackass out of Rick Sanchez more so than he does for this by himself. Yeah. It's coming at you. Good. Why did you turn a break? Well, we're going to put it on our website, I hope. If you wish it doesn't, we could put the link up. It doesn't look like that kind of video. In other words, you go there and you see it. As opposed to something you can download. But you be the judge. So what's wrong with that? Nothing. Why? We got a spoon feed the audience now. We can't just send them a link. They can't click on the freaking link. Are they that lazy? Send it to everybody. Is the audience that lazy that we have to spoon feed them for Christ's sakes? And let me say it again before I get into this thing about the synagogue thing. The synagogue thing. Oh, I. All these years that I've been screaming my brains out, you know, about organized religion, all in history and a murder and a hate, the bigotry, the intolerance, the lunacy. Just take a look at the world today, man. Just take a look at all this crap. Well, that's because they practice the wrong religion. They're just like, like, to my religion. Because Muhammad, the Sun, he's taken Muhammad white with his right hand and the she, I see, but what is left hand. And he's, he's ready to tell all of them the white his ass. And who knows? There's only one way to resolve that, you know. And just kill the police. Last person standing there right there. They got the right answer. In fact, that's one thing that we'll be sides-making tax-free money. Once a religion does better than anything else. Kill some people. That's it. That's how it's stalling there. Thanks, Mo. No, it's just in right now, by the way. Don't gag on your hollow hot mode. It's not good. Not a good way to go. Mark Benaire, the alleged shooter in the Sabad, Wellpen, Synod God-killing, Abad, and October 2005, which charged today with solicitation of a hitman to kill a lawyer and a witness in the case and with witness tampering. Benaire, 80s being held in the Palm Beach County jail waiting proudly, Synod God shooting during Russia's Shona services, there left Jonathan Samuel's mortally wounded. Twice shot in the back, Samuel's 44 died in July of last year. Got a picture of this old Getsky here. Before his death, Samuel's testimony became a target of Benaire's IR after he and his business partner Mark Levy tried to help longtime employee Martha Pinto, who said, ex-mortem Benaire had become verbally abusive and threatening. The confrontation came at the synagogue, which is located, why still Boca? Oh, we got to play the Boca song on our death. Please. Okay. You got it. The Palm Beach Sheriff's Office now says the jailed Benaire tried to hire a hitman to kill his former lawyer James Eisenberg. Oh, what if he's getting a mark Eisenberg? Over in the lead, $100,000 dead, another wounded synagogue, victim and potential witness Levy, or is that Levy? You know, I've always wondered about that. I don't know, there's no way to really know. There's certain names when you don't know how to pronounce them, unless you know how the person who I aim it is, pronounces it itself itself. Levy, Levy, Goldstein, Goldstein, right? Right. Frank and Tim, man. What was the other? Frank and Tim. Oh, Frank and Tim, I like Frank and Tim. Wasn't the Michael Cersan was in that, uh, I love Michael Cersan. Profusely. Till he got ugly. The hitman was working for PBS, so said Benaire offered 10 grand with $2500 of it up front to kill Levy, explaining he wanted him gone and missing forever. In other words, making dead. Later in early February, PBSO alleges Benaire told the phony him and did the same thing you're going to do to Levy to Eisenberg, same price tag, or this time, no, 12 grand. It's inflation. At one point, PBSO says Benaire warned Eisenberg, someone's going to get you. Just like the OJ is going to get you. Someone's going to get you. Why did you just go to OJ? He's done it for five grand a bit. Hmm. I'll bet anything. Oh yeah. At any rate, I want to forget and close to a thousand votes in that poll. The show is bad. The poll is bad. I don't know. 90. Creep it in crawl. And I'm coming in a big chunks like you. Now let's see, what are they voting on here? 341, the Iraq War is released. 340, 3 to nothing. The vote that's so called true surge. The non-bond. This is just the motion. It's just Ben that rules and passed the debate on the President's Iraq War true party. They're not telling us what they'll say about. So if it's unanimous, it's obviously not about whether to continue funding this, uh, lunacy. This barbaric slaughter, this massacre that's going on over there. Who was it on, uh, I'll tell you, Keith Oberman is so good. I just, I just can't believe how good he is. He's great. He is the best show on television countdown 80 clock MSNBC every night 8 to 9. Ben show on TV. And one of his guest last night, he had a good line. He said, Dick Cheney allows George Bush to wake up every morning in the White House believing that he's really the president. That's cute. It was good line. Right on target. Cheney's going to give his dog, I think. He's going to get the little something of something here. With Scooter, he better hop out of his scooter, Libby. What a funny hypocritical piece of turg, but his bullbike daughter and his bullbike right in wife, although steamy sex novels. What about your hypocrites, you know? 27 past noon to QAM. And say cheese. More Rotts thansohwww! Hardly another person called big prostitute from your Hill and Dillon considered a small border over the Crown of the Third of Hospital. Also Ten Britain came into play dancers since his first lap at Erna al hour. Huh? Go back and do it with your pop-up Where you play in the mud Go back and do it with your pop-up Just go away, we're all bad up And they're gonna die with Why don't you go home I know you go home And they're gonna die with Go home, every bus on the road You see, I don't want to go back I like shopping for three toys, better You've got your funky mom teacher And you're making us here You've had your fun, I'll start packing So they can get you out of here And at the point where we can stand it Everybody's not enough Above all the wheel's a bracket Who put the gun in Florida Hey hey hey hey, you're gonna die Why don't you go home I know you go home Yeah, they're gonna die Go home, every bus on the road Go home, every leafy look They're giving away free F-8-8 green cards Can I have one So George just sent me this story about the arose Here's another good reason to get to Vermont anywhere Yeah, that's what I was thinking I'm gonna surprise Although maybe I'll get roses this year after all You're a bastard, you really are I don't want to do your wife hate you like poison She doesn't hate me, it's being a poison Okay, I hate Yahoo man I just can't stand when you send me that stuff on the Yahoo Because all of the sending things to your real email The dress piece that you never checked that stuff I don't And in addition to which the so-called real email address Doesn't have a thing in the bottom right hand court that pops up But it says email message from George Rodriguez Or from this one of that one I say As opposed to these which do and that's your reason I just got this because it's on the coast of the Yahoo thing Okay, and anyway can I just move along Or the other another lecture about what an idiot I am I already know that I'm well aware, what do we got nine Oh, 98, that's great I've been to your fire refresh it we might have a thousand I doubt it though They're kind of slow down And again, apologize for a very bad poll today It's embarrassingly bad And even that moron that was swear in last week Oh a thousand four we got it they're coming in and chunks now Beautiful Lovely fluorescent chunks Hmm Anyway, here's the facts or chronic regalist I got that for my anti-bear last year for my girl and it works I sent it to her office and all her coworkers got jealous Now I'm doing her coworkers thanks Ha ha ha ha that's cute And that's great Hmm and it says before you come down here get your origin Teal speedo is because Brady Quinn will be a fin and then it says Oh, right Well, what an epi nice that'd be sweet And then I can find out for sure what his deal is You know, all kind of rumors about Brady Quinn I would put him right on the countertop here right now And just do amazing thing You know, cause I've run on a countertop But I would like to have to like spread him over the board I guess I'm sure you can manage I can find a way where there's a will there's a way Even in even in my condition, you know Where there's a will there's a beautiful young man is what he is And of course, you know, and then Josh kept giving us that crap about lies Really tremendous college quarter back But he's not gonna be a good pro core. Why how do you know that? Who knows that? Huh? If or ace? It? Valentine Rose is sprayed with toxic chemicals This is bad Oh, this is in Bogotac, Colombia See I'll say it again I've always and you know the reason being the old fact that I am The Colombian people that I've encountered when I say in counter I'm talking about the dittle within my lifetime Yeah, oh my goodness, such beautiful people With that smooth all of the complexion Oh, I don't know you with you the Colombian women I've seen have been fine to look at Yes, and the Colombian guys Anyway, it's probably the last thing most people think about when by roses it says By the time the brave velvety flowers reach a Valentine they will have been sprayed Rinst and dipped in the battery of potentially lethal chemicals Most of the toxic assaultage place in the waterlots of anus The capital of Colombia, well I really would love to go there But a lot of people go there and they never come back I guess if yes, don't go to Mediene, it's probably good idea Anyway, most of the toxic assaultage place in the waterlots of anus Around the capital of Colombia and Bogotac The world second largest cut flower for do serve to the Netherlands Needle lines where they have all them tulips mine Tulipin It produces 62% of all flowers sold in the USA With 110,000 employees, many of them single mothers And annual exports of a billion dollars The industry provides an important alternative to growing cocoa Source crop of the and the nations better known illegal export Cocaan But these you can have a cane Hey listen, I got a cold They're not do drugs and boys If you think I would do coke can Oh Like me is doing coke Oh, you lose weight anyway Yeah, that's true It says that these economic gains come out of cost to workers South and Colombia's environment according to consumer advocates The US requires imported flowers to be bug free But unlike animal fruits and vegetables They're not tested for chemical residues Uh-oh, look out for those chemical residue man In fact, some of them might be even be chemical do do residue do do The tropical climate that drew US flowers Flower growers to Colombia And neighboring Ecuador is a haven for pests Some of the items move their against So growers facing stiff competition from emerging flower industries in Africa And China plant pesticides and fungi sites Some of which have been like to elevate rates of cancer and neurological disorders Other problems Colombia's flower export is associated with spread by launching Floor birthday Which has certified 86 of its two-and-members for taking steps to improve Workers safety and welfare I thought this was going to be an interesting story This is terminal What's interesting to a point but then it's all then it got not No, the last part is more interesting with their disease spells Floor birthday is certified 86 of its two-and-members to take steps to improve workers Safety and welfare. Floor birthday says its members have been reduced My throat is so bad I can barely even speak Since its members have reduced pesticides used by 38% since 1998 To an average of 213 pounds of active ingredient for 2.4 acres per year Do the man That's somebody that's another special do the man Oh Every day we're making more progress and floor birthday director one Carlos isazaz All wonder if he's can be easily held a casada isazaz The value of floor birthday is that these best practices have now been standardized Being adopted by the industry never less. However 36% of the toxic chemicals applied by floor birthday farms in 2005 were listed as extremely or highly toxic Oh my god The survey of 84 farms between 2000 and 2002 partly financed by S.O.C.Flooris the export of the association Found only 16% respected the pesticides manufacture recommendations It's about workers from 24 hours from the end of a greenhouse It's free with the most toxic pesticides What was the movie to hand around the cradle? Buckle in the greenhouse I love that movie. I think it's a good movie But what I'm nasty but she was and she else still say she looked like Hillary In a way that's not about a comparison actually But this is the first time we ever agreed Well, I'm a good man Rebecca D. Morne and Hillary Clinton same person When Hillary was younger because they showed those pictures of her. Yeah, she didn't look bad when she was really young Yeah, yeah, three just go Carmen or way lab began suffering dizzy spells and repeated falls in 1997 While working at a flower farm outside Bogota during the peak season before Valentine's day She said it on fire force workers to enter greenhouse is only half hour after they've been fumigated And it's more of the story, but it didn't print out and I'm really delighted I'm sure the audience is too We don't know how Carmen made out Carmen or way lab Probably a common occurrence probably 1,11 votes under pull I think my voice is just about And then what do you think? I think you can do it You think I can make another take a take through Yeah, and then I can go into P.M.I. Comforter house Newtbe's name so best talent for this is real Rogers More 20560 Fully in the banana republic baby only in Miami On the Gilgain's own father of William makes with his attorney in preparation to take his son back to Cuba Well, Mr. Gown's eye age now with your trip Very good guys We have any questions before we go any further CCC this box with the pictures It's incredibly this Oh, that's a television Oh, I'm sorry What does Fajad mean? Fajad on me Fajad Well, it means what's up? Like what's going on? Fajad Right, it's a greeting Fajad Now I know that you're uncomfortable being here This is a very difficult time for you Hmm Hmm What is it? Oh, this pizza hot Stop, cross, pizza, he's incredible How did he get the mozzarella cheese into the crust? I'm not sure So as I was saying As I was saying we will try to make your stay here as comfortable as possible And get your home as quickly as possible Bye bye Are you going somewhere, sir? No, I'm missing to the new CD by the boy band in sync With my new Sony dismount He's incredible Yes, Mr. Gown's eye age They are quite incredible But we'll be meeting with the Justin Hunter play And you're going for two You must take me but Bye bye bye Oh, God, sir Don't you want to get this over and get back to Cuba What are you local? I love it Yeah Then I'll bring you to channels on Cuba And I can watch all the getty games But, sir Mr. Nalyah But, is it Mr. Gown's eye age? Where's he? Oh, I'm sure hope I'll end this Missing his happy meals You're wondering how can he play it always in the unbits now Where are you playing all these alien bits? I don't know I miss it I miss that whole period of time I'll bet it was ugly and it was nasty But then again it's so far So what else? Didn't have to beg for a phone call No, boy MMMM I just switched my brands now My tea Because the other stuff that crapped Very whatever was It was, it wasn't that bad But it wasn't that good, it wasn't helping I see Now I have Ah, well this stuff obviously There's neither big or constant comment Oh, that ain't bad That's the orange flavored stuff right? It says the famous delicious blend to find tea Flavor with the rind of oranges and sweet spice Sweet spice It's not bad, especially when you're Alien Really? When you be Alien Yeah, I haven't tasted it yet I like it sometimes Oh Man, what is it called? Constant cement Pantsants cement It's good stuff man I don't know, I can't tell It's kind of bizarre taste It is different You had it? Yeah, I've had it It's no old grave But I'll take it, you know Okay, wait a year or this We're probably going to go to Charlie Gait Chris said that his political party should spend its time And money on issues That are more pressing than the anti-game marriage Initiative, it's funded for the past two years How do you like that? What a shock Yeah Not Hey Charlie, do Ferry Don't not a surprise to backers of the initiative The governor statement still concerns Social conservatives who had doubts about Chris Conservative bona fides before he was elected last year Or is that bona fides? Under his predecessor, Fed Escavada Bush The Florida GOP spent 300 grand How do we propose to a constitutional amendment Nearly to finding marriage between a man and a woman The GOP money was 54 Uhhhh Was 54 percent of the total raise You see how well that and how effective that was That was good I think it's this constant comment Man The GOP money was 54 percent of the total raise by the amendments Backers, Florida4marriage.org Was just still 25,000 voter sign petitions short To get the measure on the 2008 ballot It's still shy Chris signed a petition in publicly endorsed the measure Beyond that, though he says he has other things to worry about Like probably his boyfriend When you think No, I imagine I just think that Republican party's money can be better But other things that may be more pressing Like elections for example, Chris said today I think that the people care about issues like insurance premiums They care about property taxes They care about pubic safety I think it's important that not only those of us in government But the party focused in those issues too Mass-stabler and attorney argued for the amendment People of the Florida Supreme Court said Chris state It was not retreat from his pledges support for the amendment But he thinks Chris is wrong about what the amendment is a priority Charlie Chris has his priorities Missed, he thinks it's not money well spent They were said it's one of the most important issues government can face It deals with the marriage and the family Rye deals with a hate Right, why don't they make a debate? Or treat a hate Mark, Matt, Stavor, whoever the head you be Okay, you phony, you... You're fairy Lose it Anyway, so that's what Charlie Chris says Because everybody knows Charlie He don't want to pick on us, Fag You know Anyway, because of hypocrite Which he should have been called during the campaign But then again, and this is in the Herald in Barmar Caputo I noticed Mark that you don't make any mention The fact that the government is... Yeah, well known Yeah, Queen But, yeah To Herald for you, what expect A historic malls winding hallways became a shooting gallery For an 18 year old gunman and a trench coat To fight the shotgun manively, a customer is killing five Wondering four before being killed by the police The shooter whose name was not released was also under the hand gun Has several rounds of ammunition Salt Lake City Police detective Robin Steaders at early today No more has been determined yet Crazy people with guns It's also called America For hours after Monday evenings Ram Page of the Charlie Square Shopping Mall Police are stores for all of a sudden My voice came back and must be this team and it's great Yeah, what a common on it What is it called? Constant Curman Constant Curman Constant Curman, man This is a good idea I always had it on hand How could I didn't start with this stuff at 9.30 Before the show I could be talking about all the grief and stress Four hours after last night's Ram Page of the Trots Where a shopping mall in Salt Lake City Police are stores for scared shop shoppers Employees were hunkered down Waiting to safe escort They were hunkered down Marysmith 23, a abandoned body worksman Jus'a saw the gun into the store window She watched as he raised his bed and fart a young woman Approaching him from behind His expressions stayed totally calm He didn't see him upset or like he was on a rampage Since Smith who crawled to safety and employ a restroom to hide with others She said the gun looked like an average Joe And of course you know what they say Nobody wants another Joe KELROR 228 year old woman A 52 year old man a 24 year old man And a 15 year old girl snatter said unbelievable Four people hospitalized a man in a woman in critical condition Two men in serious condition Crazy people with guns Also known as America Mat Lud was visiting his wife Barbara manager of the secret garden children's clothing store When he heard the first chast A couple of three others hidden a storage room for about 40 minutes I salated with stilling on here the violence We heard them say police drop your weapon And then we heard Kind of thing Then there was a barrage gunfire set along 44 was hard to believe Especially in a mirror They say that's one thing you won't find in the Prague and you won't find in a role Mine you won't find probably in London and you won't find in Amsterdam A bunch of crazy people shooting up like And while West because they never had the wild West say Right You're not eating again, are you? Yes, I know what is it now Oh, it's a sandwich from how he's Thanks how he's the best They say officers treated everyone like suspects ordering those hiding in Storms bathrooms were under stairwell So lie in the floor with their hands on their heads Until police were sure to go and vote to threat On the way out One city salibu men's body faced down at the entrance to poverty barrens kids And a man's body on the floor in the mall's east west corridor There were a lot of blown out storm windows And shotgun shot casings all over the floor And said it was quite surreal Victims were found throughout the 29,000 square foot shopping mall Outside streets were blocked as police swarmed before blocked scene Thousands of people lingered on the sidewalk Many racked and blankets as they talk about what they'd seen inside The two stray mall southeast of downtown Salt Lake City Is a refurbished trolley bar built in 1908 with a series of winding hallways brick floors What iron balconies in about 80 stores including high and retailers such as William Sinoma And restaurants including the hard rock cafe no less How do you like that? And takes to run our buried dogs 29 city saw man in a trench coat of changing Van Farrewood police officer outside a car door The government said was back into a children's clothing store Maybe we just shoot the free van on times card that could be I saw the shooter go down and said dogs who watch from the second floor Fort police officers and off one off duty from organ three Salt Lake City officers And involved in the shoot out with a government Sider such even if I'd know other tales bar McEul and the 60 of Washington was another and in another antique shop A two-frientic woman ran in report of gunshots Then we heard shot after shot loud loud loud loud loud loud loud loud loud On a thing in the count. Same's here at about 20 shots She and three other people under a staircase to the safe The Van Moos It's the American effinement That's the way it works in America crazy people He's gone The blind balls have gone The holidays better get one to protect you All of these things That's right And then there'll be another crazy person with a gun Me Okay, let's take a look at the pool. We got our 1000 year or what. This is really a little ponders today 1000-41. I certainly had a long time ago Well since I've had this common constant crappty That is really nasty taste and blah blah. It gets a job done. Can you hear just after a sip of that difference? Sure Well since there always touted it was for for ailments every time I got so much as a sniffle She was always about some constant combat Really? Yeah, I never heard of it because of the whole citrus thing get it You know, oh the oranges. Yeah, but I was in Florida. Oh as in Florida. Oh, it's coming back up I have this allergy Anyway, here's the pool. It's a stupid pool. What do you think me aware during his daily show? I mean, what a dumb ass pool His briefs and t-shirt to a you see this is the thing I already gave them the right answer But it doesn't matter. It's right because they answer the question they want to answer anyway. No, they just do something stupid There's briefs and t-shirt to 88 guard about the stockings 96. They're lovely. By the way, I hate this 489 only box was 87. That's the right answer But it doesn't seem to make it Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Oh, God Shorts in Hawaii in shirt 84 His bathroom 82 Tom Brady football jersey 64 Right on a did I ever think Rick for say was it Rick that's something that's the Tom Brady picture autograph? Yes, thanks Rick. I got that several days. I thank them on the my space. Nice picture. Hey Tommy. That's for you sweetie. Velource on sweatsuit 45 brown quarter words were pledged shirt 45 night count 34 and all fibers 32 better start soon Not a nothing hell new go 31 when he had jock 27 10 slash navy blazer 18 that's 0 10 3 p.s. 5 lime green pants too I better get back to Florida's tea time See that's his drinking tea time it's golf time tea time who's that young man get on that subway somewhere. Wow, who the hell was that and night shirt Son of a fade dose The biggest name so best challenge to this is me or Rogers for Shredio 560 You a Damn Do our Oh Yeah Ha ha On the next Friday night strike up He's a very man for himself in a six way to face off six men One George So Hey Hey He's not pretty as face on the ticket He's a president of the United States This honest Donald Trump Roger There was a No He's He's He's He's He falls up like a test Okay, I want to win at five sixty WKM that team works like magic beautiful not Oh, I say I didn't I've heard like a couple minutes. You know, it's like anything else it's soothing right? That way Right, very temporary when you're talking and irritating your throat And at post nasal drip is dripping dripping dripping dripping in like like Like Like that Here's a fact that says Really? How do you spell that? Like, uh, like that Oh no Darker green That's good. That's very good sign. The darker green the better it is Did you know that? I did not. That means the dark of the green is that the longer the flumb has been in your body Ooh I see That that's what I've heard. I have no idea. Anyway, it's pretty dark It says Uncle D. I hate to agree with George just getting George that's a good thing He spelled your name with the G the first time that's just getting George The G they're covering their bases. I see But being on the comforter is unacceptable. It says unacceptable I hope you're friend less a bit tip to the a bit tip to the poor maid that had to deal with that Couldn't you have found a cup or some other type of receptacle in the room question mark I don't know. I'll have to ask him tonight The final piece I've always passed gets through all over the place. See, you remember that song by Ed Ains from 100 years ago my cup run of over see I don't think that's a good idea if his bladder was bursting I don't have any idea how much drinking he was doing prior to this desperate moment When you first get up in the morning, that's generally a time when you know You're looking for this significant amount of fluid Oh, and I'm on and I'm on for it too. It's like I need to go now Right, right. So the deal being you know, cup probably wouldn't have done a job I don't know. Weissbaskets. Post the waste back to that one I've been very appetizing though. I've been really nice. The comfort at least they can show it in the Worsher, you know, and get all that out. Wissbask gets something that has to pick that baby up And like take it somewhere very darkily like empty it went and doubt that out. Not good. You tie it up You tie a what up. Why don't want to know the answer back that's in there You tie what up in a plastic bag. The hotel waste baskets. They have plastic line Doys. Yeah, little garbage bag in there. And so you're peeing a garbage bag. You peeing a garbage bag. So, hey, for there. You get the stationary out of the stationary door. The Gideon Bible. You throw that Look forward to in my life that I've never done before. And the one I did yesterday and the on the way to the elevator. I didn't make it to the elevator. But that was it was unfortunate is what I was I pooped my pan. Yeah, but it was okay. It all came out in the end. Bangkok Thailand. This is on the eve of Valentine's Day no less. A word of advice to young Thai lovers on Valentine's Day. No kissing in public. Bangkok police say they plan to protect underage couples from these sting of Cupid's arrow and will crack down on what's deemed to be inappropriately behavior. Oh my god patrols will start after school hours in high risk areas like this is so silly. But it's true. Like public park shopping malls and restaurants that expand the evening to include night clubs bars and so called love motels which rent small rooms for short periods of time. I wonder what's going on in those rooms. I don't know. Like early beginning to imagine. If we find teenagers blow 18 and gates in inappropriate behavior like kissing, we will give them maybe they're kissing in the company. We'll give them warnings and report them to their parents so they can pick them up. Alcohol is definitely a catalyst for this kind of behavior. So keep an eye on our age drinking. Some guy with 85 of a vowels in his name and 42 consonants. The metropolitan police forces also ask McClub and Barlanders to help by turning away underage customers. These places are not meant for kids. He said that Valentine's Day required extra vigilance because they seem to be more vulnerable to sexual temptations in this particular night. The crack down on public displays of affection is latest effort to balance the country's look together way tolerance with Buddhist values of modesty and manners. I said of course we know that those Asians don't do a lot of hanky spanky because that's why there's only like 85 billion of them. Right over the weekend the culture ministry issued what it called the 10 commandments of love to encourage teenagers, Rottenham and Beads and sexual activity. While celebrating Valentine's Day, what's that love but probably sounds, highland's day. The first amendment love with patients so it's not to become a young parent. The first commandment love with patients so it's not to become a young parent. Number four urges used to love carefully to afford the risk of sexually transmitted diseases. Unfortunately the other eight in the top ten are not listed in the story as far as saying. I'm sure what it would be very informative and very educational for our listeners out there. For probably doing too much hanky spanky to begin with. I thought it would be appropriate like rabbits. 1965 votes on the poll man but it's said if we can do and we started out with a fairly low number. Because Eric put it on there I'm about seven whatever it really did. Who knows. I was embarrassed to be even associated with it. Yeah. Next 48 hours and where was the good looking weather guy? How come we got this brought on there? She's kind of like I guess they heard you like to. Yeah that must be it. She's nasty looking. We're going to play a city by city guys. I'm going to make it. Okay. Let's see a city by city. Next 48 hours. Six to 12 inches. That says only one of the students. That's one of their crazy. You're crazy people on CNN. By the way, if you're traveling do not ever. Here's some real good advice. Take it from me. Do not pay any attention to USA today. You know on USA today where everything is very colorful of course and you open up the front section in the back page. It's the weather page. That's pretty. For the you know and when you get to European edition of course it's got the whole Europe thing on there to map of Europe and in North America and whatever the whole world. Well if you like the colors on the picture is more power to you. Okay. Have a good time. But as far as taking for granted or accepting any of the weather forecast that they give you I wouldn't give you a nickel for the whole deal and the same here on CNN. You know the standing in front of the world weather map or the US weather map and they give you a song in advance North America. They haven't got a Chinatmance chance in hell at being right. You could have a woodpecker right attiding on a map and probably with a better chance of a right attiding in a right place where it's going to snow. They don't know what they're talking about. The best way if you like you're going to have travel plans is to go online and like look up Berlin weather or Amsterdam weather or Paris weather. And then when you're through Googling it will give you like the local newspaper. For example, in fact in Amsterdam if you look up the telegraph and you click that on and you go to hit veer the weather. It'll tell you the weather for next several days and you know it's accurate because it's being printed right there on Amsterdam. As opposed by some schmuck in New York who's looking on the wire somewhere and getting a bunch of inaccurate information. See what I'm saying? What do you say? I'm saying that the forecast are so diametrically opposed to what it really is going to be. If you go on CNN and you travel you're going to be very, very sorry. So for example if you are going to Prague and you pick the time of the year going like a week before you go on the thing you Google Prague weather and you go on. Here when you find what looks like a reliable little site and it'll tell you for the next five or six days. Which will help you pack or decide if you want to go at all or blow your brains out or whatever you want to do. That'll help you a little bit. That's just a little travel advice from somebody who's been around a little bit. I've been here. I've been there like that bit goes. Everyone how we're doing but this thing actually is pretty soothing. It's good. Good. Notice how malifluous my voice is now. I sound like I'm ready for a West Brooklyn Voorhees imitation almost forward by mankind. By the way, when are we bombing our man and notice they just had the dog and hones show there again. Whatever we feel like it will never get up on a cranky side of bed. Whenever a cheney decides that he's in too deep. Who do in this scooter road and try? When things are going a bit too tight around his neck, then all of a sudden by the big and we're going to start nuking everybody just to get them off his fat ass. That's your president, Dick Cheney. 1066 on the pool of what I tell you and a pool like this. You talk about a loyal audience. I wouldn't waste my time even looking at a much less vote on it. All I did I voted for. I voted for the accurate answer because I know only Baxes and I look at so many got three more votes. Only Baxes, let me say this to you again. Is the correct answer. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I didn't even vote. Only Baxes shorts. I'm sitting here. I had no shirt on. I do have my slippers from a Bristol Campinski Hotel in Berlin though from last summer. No, that's nice. I got several pair of those. I got to feet warm. I got those bedroom slippers. That's a good thing when you go to Europe. You sure or in any hotel. Be sure and still. I'm don't go steal a bathroom. That's pretty tacky. I guess a lot of people do that because then they charge your fort on your credit card. But they don't charge your fort as slippers. Well, they expect you to steal the slippers. And also the ballpoint pens. Mm-hmm. And in fact, look at this. I got one here. And eight with the pen I'm using here. www.nhhotales.com with a dash between the NH-dash hotels.com, which is the Grand Credit, the Post-Gate, the Barbers, on Palace, for example, and Amsterdam. I actually would be like a travel guide or something like that. You know, start an hour and I see what I'm trying to travel log. What does that mean? Oh, if you had a website, you know, you could put a travel log on there. How about a log on there? How about a log on there? There you go. A travel log. A travel log. I had probably been that instant, but nevertheless. Oh, why did I leave the house? You know why the house? I had to go get my course Edmund. Oh, I see. And can't you tell? How effective it's been? It's been great. Well, I tell you, anybody it's got a cold. You know that there's no God. I'll tell you that right now there is only. Oh God! If you have a cold, you know there's no God. My wife would be such a thing. Am I right? Right? Oh, there's an I and one one tape song. See, in some of those pictures, she looks really spectacular with those giant fake boobs. She looks really good there. And then, all of a sudden, she's put the dough in. How can we get some? Yeah, just looking at the fridge. Maybe she's got the 90,000 bucks in the fridge too. Like a cozy end of the house. How we elected, yeah, yeah. Well, you know, a cozy end. That's the heat. Those kind of people didn't like, what's his name? Ray Nagan. They put the lousy in. First me when I said, I haven't tornadoes in Louisiana overnight. God is not happy with Louisiana. He is not happy with Ray Nagan. Ray Nagan, the candy man. From an attempt to one, if I sound incoherent, you want to know why it's because I am. I am just, you know, I thought I feel that bad, but it's just a struggle in this tea. Oh, too much tea now. Is this also low caffeine? I hope I don't think there is. Oh, this has caffeine. Oh, well, good. Oh, why is that good? Oh, I'm pretty out. No, I mean, I won't be able to sleep tonight. That's right. And, notny. The tea has this one. Which I understand is the ti equivalent of caffeine. What does that do? It's too bad actions do. Babams do it. And here it is in France. I mean, it does. to show whatever the hell I mean why this is French for the man so I got to go well that's the French for it 13 and 5 60 W to Q and I feel so much better from this common comfort cold comfort T whatever it is yeah custom home for the constant oh yeah Comforter don't touch it no don't smell it and serious I don't cover yourself up with it oh man but it's hot but I sell the pendent but I've got a little work done thing dude it music Insur casaads Here we go, I've been so wet, I'm not going to feel the need for all. I've been feeling his death, no see boy, when you leave out, it'll just put joy away from all the now just another ring. And it means it doesn't matter if I do. No, sir, we're ill off to dance, never be. And everybody's gone, get some more. I'm like, you should run away. Well, here he is, I'm in. I'm like, you should deliver all your time to it. And all your stuff, well, say oh, you know it. Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. I'll take care of things. Take care of business, fuck, fuck. I'm a big deal, man, man, fuck. Peace, here we go, I'm in. It's the damn thing I have at all. And all runs with you, it's so scoffy dog. Because you never had no interest in your soul, change, come on, run in and all your hair, man. We don't believe in your re-iccifan outside. We don't believe in bad Democrats. And everybody's walking so far. Take your heel, hey, all white. Terrorist, terrorist. Twenty-five, five, sixty-w-two. I'm happy Tuesday, too. This call will be gone tomorrow, you'll see. I'm gonna, but when I get off the air today, too, I'm getting, you know, you know what? My number one weapon is, and I used the SD, and you know, so I've made pretty fast comeback. Right, I'm in C. No. Right, I'm in D. No. What, not a vitamin A thing. It's in a little jar. Black-spiratin molasses begins with a V. Bikoden? Viadra? She's dead, okay. Yeah, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I. Yeah, when you're sick, you really need Viadra, make no mistake. Yeah, you do need it. No. A lot of things. You do need it. I know, that's why the Nuffin and weather kid on there, have a CNN thing. They know what, wouldn't, wouldn't do any good. It put you under the weather. Vicks. Oh, Vicks. Vicks. Vicks. Vable Rob, baby. I can't. I've crissed it and shot that right out. Of course, what is Chris, no, about Vicks. I've got it from Vicks, Chris. You put it on your chest and like open up your past days. It's kind of whatever. You'll put it on your chest. Okay, Mr. Fatso. You don't put it on your chest. They never think you do it on your chest. If you're going to put it on your chest, you have to get like the giant, the tub of it. Yeah. Yeah. And then he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he. The Sunstone family size jar of Vicks. No, you put it. What I do. Hot bowl of water. That's what my mother used to. We used to have one of us a kid. They had those inhalers. You know, those Vicks inhalers or whatever. A aroma. What, what are the vaporizers? Vaporizer. Very good. And, and you put like a tablespoon of this crap in there. You'll, ah, and you breathe in. Like it's doing some good. And of course, it's not. But, you know, I don't think it did. You think it did any good? It can't be. Of course, there was always the old mustard plaster. Do you ever heard that? Oh, yeah. Talk about putting something on your chest. Pop mustard poltus. Yeah. I'm mustard plaster when you're a kid. Well, they did more damn things to you when you were a kid. And you know, something I think I, too bad my parents are both in because I could sue them right now for parental malpractice. And in fact, even if they wouldn't have done those things, they still ought to be sued. But I love the day. Fixed the day is going to come. I'm serious because, you know, obviously, I'm winding down. I've only got about 10 years of this left, whatever. But just like I told that Jacob's story on there, which was a very shocking day. I think one day, if I'm in a very, just, it would have to be just in the right mood, you know. Yeah. I'm going to tell the story. I've never told you either about my repressed childhood. That's why now, it my advanced age for those people out there who may think that I'm, you know, been a little spastic, which I have been lately less couple of months. But I think I'm trying to like re-gain a piece of my childhood that I never lived. If you follow them saying, absolutely. Yeah. All the time. Do we? Absolutely. Because I had, I'm not saying that I lived like in poverty or anything like that. There are people who had much worse upringing than I had. But I just had parental malpractice as well. I would say people who should have been fixed, which I'm glad they weren't because otherwise I wouldn't be here. I wouldn't be opening up a big mouth. But nevertheless, some of us can relate and we had poverty too. Oh, that's not good. So, the real poverty. I'm not complaining you understand. I've done fairly well. Right. We're in old, you know. Fairly well. So what was I talking about before that that was so very important? That's something about what will be. Thanks. I've been saying that he don't interject too much, but when he does, man, it's very important because when you're big and fat like he is, he'll want to spend any extra energy. You'll get all out of breath. Well, that's, that's right. Not good for you. Like it took care of you. Like just jump up. I'll fix you. I'll take it easy. I was really impressed with Josh Curtis this morning, man. When, when you told him, I guess you must have found him and told him that I bought him the new flavor way of saying I spent that whole time. Oh, I told you we were in the magic room. Well, yeah, but you didn't tell him in there. Sure I did. Oh, you didn't. After grabbing for his head, after standing on the toilet. Oh, you didn't know that I'm painting. You are such a child, man. Why don't you? Why being an overgrown child, you are making, making grizzly bear sounds, taking swite sounds. Yeah. Well, he's sitting right in here. And Kenny was in there at PN. And he thought it was strange. Just kidding. Kenny Walker, he was in there. Would he have his comforger with him or not? No, he was uncomforted. I see. Well, it probably was a comforting thing when I saw you trying to smash you. Anyway, can I give back to this? So, it's extremely important. Yeah. Yeah. Right. But I just, it's just, you know, part of my sonility. You're going to love this next however, I'm a lot of night last. Because there is no question that I'm going through like a post-sonit league. Spind Rover. Something like that. It is. It's a lot of time. Well, part of the time. I've been in that much trouble. But lately it's been more fun. But anyway, I'm getting back to Josh. She wanted to interfere because you're like, you don't like Josh so much. No. I want to pump it up so I can speak to you. Yeah. I'll be honest. When you come right down away because we have a lot of people in the audience who think that, you know, because I'm an old-fag, everybody, everybody, young male guy who's in there. Oh, Neil's got the hotse for Josh and everybody's ever been in it. And of course, how many times do you think I've ever even seen him in my lifetime? How do I know? A couple. Not too many. I would say maybe half a dozen. I mean, at one time before he was working on the show, I met him one time in the elevator. And he was very nice and, you know, introduced himself and trick my hand and love your show and listen for years and my mother works. Or whatever it is, I don't know. It's just very nice, very extraordinary. You know, like a friendly guy and of course in Florida, that's very unusual. But so, you know, to make a long story short because of the fact that the only times he generally worked in there is when I'm here and you, you know, or I'm on vacation or not doing a show and you and he were doing it, you know. Correct. So, I know times I've ever seen was a very rare times when I came down and made a mistake of doing a couple of shows in the studio and you worked there. So, I don't ever see him. But when he came in this morning after you told him that I had ordered him the new flavor. That's just the lamp you understand, which I know I'd be how much I was. But you know, me, that's me. And I don't respect the pat on the back for it. It's just me, I'm just, you know, I got to make some money and why don't I'm not spread it around for whatever if I like people I like doing stuff. Makes me feel good to do it. And when he came in here and he gave me that crap, which of course we all know it was crap about how I love you and on it. I mean, that was always also a fun. Yeah. No, it was not. He loves me passionately. He does. If you, if you, if you, only knew what he and I have been doing. But anyway. Now he's a good kid. He's a pit. Well, yeah, that's why I am. Just a warm, fuzzy old fact. Ah. Oh, sure you are rude. Think of you under a roll. You broke your vow. Sure, but you do not follow. Sure, but you do not follow. Sure, but you do not follow. Sure, but you do not follow. Sure, but you do not follow. Oh, my God. In the morning, New York, maybe we have a dining scooter. Well, what can I say? And, of course, there's the scooter filled with food, but we talked about that couple weeks ago. But I mean, coherent summer, feeding a lot of old stuff. That's me old. You know, that's what, what's his name across this street? Oh, he's old. Oh, that old Jews, old area. God, in Joel, fine, Bergen. He's talking about old Jews. And anyway, here's the latest and the greatest and the greatest and the greatest of Anna McCoy didn't think I could get out of here by it before two with more and more Anna McCoy. I was hoping you wouldn't. Here's the update. It's really great Anna McCoy Smith and she's still dead by the way. She was really unresponsive and not breathing. When an Indian tribes released a primary request to help from Permanix, according to that tip released today, this morning. In the 31 second call, the Seminole Travel Police Department asked how he would Permanix for help on assisting Smith, which found unconscious in the room at the Seminole Hard Rock Hotel Casino on the tribes reservation. Now let's see, where's that? I just wasn't conscious here you go. I don't have that much use for that drop in, so I was going to use it somewhere. She's not breathing and she's not responsive. She's on actually analytical Smith. The woman from the Seminole Police is urging and asking for help in room 607. She's on actually analytical Smith. Oh, okay, a woman at the Hollywood... I see, oh, okay, a woman at the Hollywood Police Department response. Officials say they were on the scene six minutes after the call. Smith, they former Playboy made model and reality TV character, right. What's pronounced that about an alligator to the hospital? Reality TV, my S, what's that, real-world Denver on? I don't know. Oh, I got to see that. Hollywood Police Captain Tony Rodi, who played the tape for the media, referred all questions to the Seminole Police Department, which is not immediately respond to a copper comment today. They're mum. This investigation belongs to the Seminole Police Department, where he said you're looking at the ifstend of our rule. I'm going to have a big... Oh man, sub-ball. Yeah. Okay, anyway. The investigation blocked the Seminole. The initial emergency call of the Seminole Police was not released. Seminole are a sovereign Indian nation and not subject to state or government laws. Smith's partner Howard K. Stearn wasn't whether when she died. How many people do you think? Because there's somebody dumb people who are out there on the loose? How many people every time they hear Howard Stearn think that it's radio Howard? Plenty, that's why they had to keep saying Howard K. Stearn and he had an exit of point of throwing that. What if he's in the Howard K. Smith? He did. Do you remember Howard K. Smith? No way. He was ABC News anchor long before your time. I remember. You do? Sure. He always looked like he was sucking on a quince. I never watched the news, but I'm aware of who he was. He was out there. He was last. Born. Smith's partner Howard K. Stearn wasn't whether when she died, but he had been there that morning and knew she was very sick as Sister Bonnie Stearn said. Smith has been running a fever of 105 degrees and nurse was icing her down a rear of that day. But must have taken a lot of ice. Sure. When he left her, no, no, no, there's no more. I'll polarize him. Jesus. When he left her, she was sleeping, Bonnie Stearn said, Howard Stearn had been gone. That's Howard K. Stearn, no, only about two hours. When news reached him, that Smith was dead as Sister said. And she was in bed and whatever. That's what I read. Bonnie Stearn, who recently traveled from her Beverly Zolls, held, held something to the Bahamas to comfort her brother. I wonder if she we have brought a comfort her with her? I'll tell you. I tried to get Smith to visit a doctor, but Smith had refused because she was afraid that it would drop publicity. They had, now, who was that big fat cow who wanted to be Sister that was on last night on King? Who was that broad? I know her as big fat cow. Wow. What are Jesus? They had times to get a yacht and go buy an engagement ring. They were going to get Maryford work funny. Seven was going to be a real marriage. She said, after she thought cost Smith's death, Bonnie Stearn said, her immunity was so low. She was so depressed. She just kept getting sick and her body just probably broke down. Kind of sounds like me. That's why I've got this cold now. You know, it's probably my immune system is down from being so, I don't know, neurotic. But I'm over that now. I'm a good big camper now, a new, new child. Smith had never recovered from the loss of her 20 year old son Daniel who died in Bahamas in September. They showed some more clips to him, of course, during all of this soffey. Feeding friends either have it by end of the coal. And I still say he looked pretty good. He died in Bahamas in September while visiting his mother. And this family seems to have like a lot of strange things going on, you know? It was visiting her in the hospital. She just had that baby and he's sitting in the chair, whatever, he's dead. He's dead. But 20 years old, he's dead. Well, and now she was a lady and the bed they were icing her ass down and she's dead. Alice go into founder and CEO of Framispa, New Smith well from working with her as a company, Sposemal, such he's suffered from social anxiety as well, even after years in the celebrity spotlight. She was clearly incredibly misunderstood going through the early show on CBS this morning. Smith had gone through drug we have in the past and her mother, Virgi Arthur had blamed drugs for her daughter's death. Smith met Stern in 1996 when she was very furred to his law firm body student said he started doing her legal work that became her confinant. They became best friends and he fell in love with her. She said, isn't that sweet? I hope he knows Valentine's Day for them I guess. A return 38 is listed in the neighborhood certificate of the father Smith's baby and I have been pronouncing that wrong by the West then I don't know Danny Danny Lynn okay? Danny Lynn sounds fine. Is that correct? Sure why not? I'm in St. Daniel Lynn. I don't know okay anyway he's nobody cares. He said it in the people with entertainments and I use the executor who will grafted for a Smith I believe everything to the little girl Danny Daniel Lynn hope Marshall's to whatever her damn name is. Another one of her damn you old damn name. Another man Larry Birkin also tends to be the father and actress Jajra Kabor Susman, Chris Frederick Van Anneholz. She recently said he had a decade longer for what Smith and he might be the father. She was doing everybody man. She was doing pushups in the pickle patch. Van Anneholz said Monday that he plans to file a paternity child in court wants to be an attest. Birk Hold up to Birkhead whatever the hell his name is told nearer to the news that he and Smith had meticulously planned for the birth of the child but that after they broke up he was pushed to the side. Oh there's nothing worse than getting pushed to the side. Oh that's bad. Like garbage like human garbage when they push you off to the side. Who needs you no more. He don't like that. How are you never like me? He never wanted me to end it to be together. Birkhead 34th old the day news and Tuesday's editions. After she got pregnant things went down quickly down hill because of his distance of opinion on several matters. Birkhead recounted how he had tried to save Smith from her whiskey lifestyle. He said Smith left him because it is a tends to intervene a couple of foot or last summer. I watched her all over to make sure she was safe and once I was basically pushed to the side he said I had no control over what she did to anyone else around her. Bonnie's here and said there were sometimes of some intimacy between Birkhead and Smith but said Larry Birkhead was not her boyfriend. I can't keep all these guys straight. If I find out it's first time. Between Howard K. Stern and Birkhead and the shekher being women and other guys. I can't keep you off straight. Well neither could she say something. No, I have an at least she did. Why they can't come and back. I needed a long two hour episode of Murray to find out that you know baby's father is. Oh that sounds like we're doing it. How's that Connie Cheng showed to him by the way? The biggest name so far. So far. So much of the biggest we all rockers. More traditional 560. Thank you baby. He said he did it. More of a loss one of his most dynamic and influential superstars. Really did really good. James Brown died early this morning and at Lanzahoff's head off. He said he said they in and a box with a flower by his head. He's not very nice. I think he'll be buried. Younger wife wants some of this bread. Everyone already said farewell. The pinnacle of mountains and stars in the smell. Bunches of people are in your will. Just why are you lying here still? I am in the living room. You don't say your word. I'm waiting for you to say oh I didn't get enough man. I'm fristhen. No one will bury me. No one will bury me. And I'm starting to rust by the minute. Would you bury me? This minute. Maybe no one will bury me. No one will bury me. Can you put me in the ground by tomorrow? I'm really standing to believe that you think I am. I'm in the stones above. Oh, jump back to my foot. I'm dying on the hair. Every time I play that, that last, he just don't want to go in your man. Just keep jumping back at you. He had like, Rick Rally was always coming back at you too. That was the sad part. That's why you hated my poison. Right. Let's see, he's doing these days. Do we have any idea? Because every now and then somebody will say blow it over to you. You and Phil and Randy and like, they said, and Reduce that they were saying no one Friday during that great show. We had while eating lobster biscuits. Well, that's why the show is over because it's was there. I never framed that lobster biscuit. That sounds awesome. You know how soothing that would be to my wife right now, although I'll tell you Remy very seriously. This constant comment sure is how to be set other crap. What about crackberry? Yeah, I'll never heard of that. Whatever. Was that like an herb tea or something you were drinking? No, it's the same brand. It's big luck. And this stuff is these things like last I mean like forever I guess so. What? Tea bags? Oh, generally speaking, I mean, unless you'd like just sit and let them on the sun or something, they don't expire in other words. I mean, I'm not a big good tea person. I'm not, you know, only time if I got a sore throat like today. And I don't even have a sore throat or I just got a scratchy throat. I had a sore throat. I didn't even go a long time ago. 1121 votes on the pool. I think the only thing that saved me was that accidental um Prague two hours. I killed half of the show. Thank you so much again. What do you think the aware is while doing his daily show is the pool question. A horrible pool. And we still got 1121 votes. How do you like that? And Chris would have pushed it. We probably got 1130. Oh, well, don't don't waste your effort pushing when we have a really bad pool. Which we don't I don't care what your general mangle of their Joe Joe paranoid West whatever name is. Jones Schwartz. And what he says. Our polls are excellent. Hey, am I right? Oh, yeah, definitely. Joe bail rhymes with sometimes well. Sometimes not. Don't make me swell. I'll tell you that. Makes my brain swell. What do you think the aware is doing his daily show during the show? Totally the answer and it's still in third place. Oh my god. Is that incredible or what? Reminds me of us. If you've worked on a dollar question, quit show 80s and a year ago. I forget who the host was. Was it how March maybe? It's rings a bell with me. And he asked this guy. It was a baseball question. And he answered the question. It was like, uh, and he said, oh, I'm sure you must know it. And he gave him like it's starting to give him the first name. You know, I said, answering the question. That's uh, and he said, oh, I'm sure you must know it. And then he gave him like it's starting to give him the first name. You know, I said, answering the question. That's you eventually went off the air and they all went to jail, but nevertheless, his briefs and the teacher 305. Well, guess what? That's winning hands down and it's still wrong. It wasn't right before. It's not right now. I don't where no t-shirt. Only only some kind of a whos, some kind of an old whos to be wearing a t-shirt. It's nice and toasting here right now. It's probably about 73 72 74. Something like that. It's wrong with these people. Outside is like minus infinity. Gardenable stockings, I'm going to work on that for next week. Has this brick, uh, he's one of our mice-based people with. And here's the picture. Tom Brady's holding his head and his hand. He signed it. Tom Brady 12. It's not personalized, daughter. We're at that. It's unfortunate. But nevertheless, I just give him a big kiss. Right on the lips, no less. Oh, how disgusting. I sure, I don't, uh, well, I think catches the cold. I know big deal, huh? Right. Probably pasted along to some sweat that he's probably. I shouldn't say that. That's bad. I can't talk to you about Tom Brady. Who's he doing? Anybody he wants? Anybody he wants? Tom Brady football jersey 69. No. Brown quarter wise, the plaid shirt 51. Adult diapers 47. That's coming next week. Also, I think, along with the, um, the Glocken Spiel and the Garder Brought and the stockings, adult diapers, depends. I want to do now. Some get some 47. Laura sweatsuit 46. 9.36. Do you have any idea how it will leave? Don't want to be when it gets to be too clock and love. That's a very, I'm getting very, and that's how I'm, I'm just struggling because I can't talk about this. I see a few. Not too bad. But nevertheless, uh, where do I leave off? 9.36. Not a nothing. El Nugo 31. You should live so long. Only a jack is guy. Not third in man. I'm going to jack strap from high school. I went to my life. I have a word, jack strap was in high school. I mean, we're also going to work with your jack strap. Let's see where jack. Okay. What kind of an idiot? Walks around with a jack strap line. I don't know. They're comfortable. No, they are not comfortable. I think it all over. Sure. They're. Get out of here. Are you crazy? Once the last time you wore a jack strap high school? Well, not comfortable. 10 slides in Navy blazer 20. Tuxedo 10. Line green pants 7. 3 p. Su 5 and a night shirt. Solumenta dose. Solontato do a out of 1129. See what a great linguistic genius. I know at least three words in every language. You're Linkwini. Yeah. I know a little bit of a yeah, the wini part. I know a little Ruski. Petomai Chi Petuski. Wow. I thought I was going to lose it right there. I thought the end of the show that would have been better. You would have had to do about two three minutes. I got missed good. Yeah, you would just play that crap. That's always that's one thing about George. Now, who is it that sent you that caustic? It was on our my spacing. Please, somebody we know one of our regular people. Please don't play music next time. Well, that was Sean. Oh, now that's right. It's on here. It's on the pile of what a memory you've got boy. My good friend who did come through during the vacation week with a full for me. Did he really even though he hates me? He's still there for me. He doesn't hate me. I hate you. He says crap. He said as Mohammed is the prophet of Allah do not allow George to do other music show in your absence. I'm praying to you looking your heart. Had Solomon as torture is meant in Conclay. They couldn't devise suffering more hellish than that which was inflicted by the catarwaling George forced into upon us. Catarwaling. I love that word. That's good. We love George for reasons. We cannot articulate. See, he loves something. Just like Josh Curtis loves me. That's a shot. What? We love George for reasons. We can't our close stop. Jesus, man. But his taste is not in his two shades. His taste is the beast to Jay. He didn't even write this right. He should have said, Tushy. I think he's trying to say Tush. He said, let's not. He doesn't know how to do it. That's what you do it when you're dealing with Graham, man. I thought that John was Jewish. Well, what do I get? Guess again. What can be said about a guy who will not sit too cast a blanket, but never misses an episode of Survivor. See, that's a lie. What? Both of those things? You didn't sit through the whole cast a blanket. You know, you're trying to write things like five turns to get through it. No, wouldn't it? And I only watched the first season of Survivor. And I'm sorry that I did. Yeah. So was that Survivor Adam Orata or Survivor Sweetwater? Survivor Ojas? Yeah, Survivor Sweetwater. I see. Well, there's always got to be at least one. Well, that makes the second complaint that I've gotten about music shows out of hundreds of radio. They love George's music. Now, what are you going to start playing? What? Vixie Jigs. You know, I really tried to find a song from the Jigs, because I like them. And I like that Natalie Mainz. And I wanted to find one Dixie Jigs song that was worth playing or even looked out. I'm still looking. Yeah, Mom, keep looking. And I love an 134 votes on the poem. And we are kicking a serious ass and again apologizing for a few years later, even Joe Bell apologizes for this crappy poll today. You know what, you know what Joe said about it. He's like it's really effing bad. You made it like a tumor. It's got the Gio P. Then if you made it this time, don't think that that Gislio comes through a second. The grudger comes under that's gone and it's gone and it's gone and it's gone and gone and it's gone and gone and gone and gone and gone and gone and gone and gone. And we're both done this time, don't let them last just like your thoughts. We would still be on and gone to the place where I sit. Those first half of it, we'll try to face it, to make it that you're living, there's a similar thing. We don't let them feel better, say, ..."And in the deep light deck. A myth goes try and pushed into the clear," and call gerek neurologists and hollowed blind and his feet are paving up BIN Do you feel alright? Want soliday? To do Why will I find care Not just our son Not as red as grass You can't even walk like that All died once in hell My life! My life! My life! We will be the first to win the game. You just pound it silly and then whatever comes out, you may all moon a night from the inner core of the moon.