Bill's off the old guard? Yes. Count control to Lisa Noah. Count control to Lisa Noah. Set your grooves control, let keep your diaper raw. Best fish control, you are Noah's a lot. I'm afraid to watch. Not long, but so great. So cute, I know of a man. Ah, four, three, two, we haven't dated for a long time. You're a little bit too old. I'm watching you watching me. Oh, my father. Listen to the ball. It's world you've arrived. You're sitting in your doom. Well, that story shouldn't have what you call legs, you know? Sometimes they say, well, this story has legs. What you've got going upstage. By an in a cool spot, that's right. Well, shame on that bitch. Which everyone you're talking about. Well, I still have a little bit of that. Oh, that char truce, puse. Man, not too good. Although I'm doing great, you know, cold is going to land. It's going to run its course. No matter what you do, right? Like one. Like one, monitor. This one completely died. Oh, no. Well, what did I tell you? The monitor was dying over there. And I thought I'm not going to replace it. I'm not going to work with it for that studio. For this studio here, no problem. Got our staff working on it. Yeah, I'll bet. Our staff or our staff are working on it. Your staff and your mirroring staff? Yeah. Any way, whatever. So the monitor on the DCS die down there. You're going to be able to play anything. Anything at all? Well, the place stuff. Oh, yeah. Like that. That's what we was going to get last night. Only I fell asleep. God, I love that move. Oh, he's a little jah-y, kind of funny. Oh, that one, Fargo. Yeah. It's great. I'm going to make a seat for you. And Francis McDormand. You know, every time I see her, no matter what movie it's in, although especially that one, I just love her. She's great. Well, then it will send you a copy of raising Arizona. Why do you have to send me a copy? I can't afford to go out and get it? Well, you know, I won't. I'm too lazy. Well, it's not a matter of that. It's about I already have a copy of it. And I can make you a copy of it. I wanted to do that. I will. I will. She's in. She's in. She's in. She's in. She's in. She's in. She's in. She's in. She's in. Great. And just. I don't know. Just something really need about her. I don't know. Maybe it's then movie. But I saw some other flick. Two and she was great. Bloodstab. Francis McDormand. You saw in that. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, was that black and white, uh, Cohen Brothers movie that I thought was really slow and boring with Billy Bob Thornton. Yeah. He was there. The quiet man. Something like that. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. That was, uh, the man was just like smoked cigarettes in the dark and slow motion. It was that what the guy was trying to kill his wife. Yeah. I mean, I was just thought it moved really slow. Oh, you guys with that movie. Oh, you action, punk. You know, when you get to be his old as I am, sometimes if it moves a little slow, it's not so bad. At least you can catch it. You know, when you get to be his old life is short. You don't have time to wait for your events to unfold. That's how it like a shot to me. When you get the old life is short. Yeah. I just might outlive your damn ass. You might just to prove a point just like father lived in 90. But I'm other made it to 91 and you're not married. Yeah. That's right. So let's tourists there. I could walk outside of two o'clock this afternoon, get hit by a Mack truck on a street right in front of my building here. So what way? Just just enjoy life. Yes, by message for everybody enjoy it while you were live because, uh, you know, the alternative isn't so pleasant. Speaking of that, speaking of a rack. A suicide bomber struck a funeral. See, I think if you're going to like do it do it at a funeral, like in a funeral home because at least then you don't have to move the bodies too far. They're already in the mood. Right. suicide bomber struck a funeral and bagged that today, killing at least seven there as militant show increasing defiance to that major security operation in the camp. Cornish, Delphine. The attack of wearing a belt pack with explosives followed a funeral procession into a tenth before detonating the blast and the mostly she eyed district of eastern Baghdad, at least 15 people were injured. Another bloodshed across Baghdad, the a car bomb on a suicide attack of killed at least 11 people. So we're talking about 18 dead so far today and the day and over yet. It's what it's about, um, all about six o'clock at night over there now. About eight hours a head. Yes. More than a hundred people have been killed in the Baghdad area since something had direct chance to the efforts by US and Mackie forces to restore some authority on the streets and give the invalid government some breathing room. Give us some breathing room. Please. No, no, we won't do it. And it goes down with the details. Ah, suicide attack of a group of bomb laden current to a vegetable market and now there's a lot of vegetables in all of them. A lot of dead people over there, George W. A lot of blood in this man's hands and American public doesn't give a crap. They could care less. They want important thing. All of tomorrow's Wednesday and what that means, don't just tomorrow the episode of a real world of Denver that I want to say. Why don't you? Well, I mean, what am I going to do about what's going on in Iraq? Is there anything I can do about it personally? I've been screaming about all of these all about OIL and M.O.NY. I told you that right from the very beginning of their racket attack and nobody pays any attention to me and I thought we could do anything anyhow. And it's just the way it is. It's just the way it is, is Walter would say. Let's bring back Walter Cronkite. He's still alive. You know what? That's a miracle. Yeah, it is. He's still alive. And he's still firmly like Lucid. You know, every now and then Larry has a mind. It's about the only guy that Larry can bring on his older than Larry. And they snap each other's suspenders and squeeze each other's bag. That's that's that's the part of the thing. Now how about that? For the poll today. Well, first let's take care of the poll yesterday. Okay. Let's take care of one poll at a time. I'd like to probably handle simultaneous. Poll yesterday. People are born that way. 766. Almost half. 16. And of course that's the correct answer. Gay people are fine with me 405. In other words, I don't really know if they're born. If they're like twisted. But they're okay with me. 425. They never attack me. Gay people choose that life. 122. 7.5%. Must be all Republicans. Gay people love him hard away. 8.9. But they don't love his car wash. Which they're boycotting and creating some service for him. And deserve a lease. So he's a dumb illiterate jock. Who's entitled to be a bigoted jackass. But you know something? At least they can call him a bigoted jackass. You've done them. You're a schmuck. Gay people. I hate this poll. 53.5%. Gay people want me 52. Like you said, definitely switchful thinking. They want me. I'm so hot. Right. Gay people are all flamers. 5. 50. Gay people wish they were straight. But third man. 30 people say gay people wish they were straight. You should live so long. You know, they don't have like that's how I say. Everybody wishes they look like me. And of course, speaking personally, if everybody wish they look like me. I would just jump off the balcony. See, that's the one thing about wanting somebody else or seeing really hot looking people is that at least they're there. You can appreciate the fact that they're there. Even if you can't touch them or squeeze them or do them or whatever. At least they're there and you can like, Google Adam. Like that, you know. Like Marfoli would go. Whatever happened to Miss Folley. She still got more. She still got more. She still getting a shoe. We're not going to be talking about him anymore. It's bad for business. There are people are easy to spot 27. Sure they are and gay people scare me. 20, 20 said that. That's kind of a movement. It's very amusing when you deal with a lot of ignorance. You know, stupidity. Ignorance is bliss. Oh, speaking of ignorance, there's hell of a way. You need the most important thing now is trying to end this war. I'm trying to get you ass out of the race. That's what the most important thing to get for Racken there. He's going to, you'll see. It's not going to be easy. He's got a lot of hurdles to go. You're about to go to your eyes. I hope so. Here's today's poll. And again, sin and we got a zillion polls that have been said. And I'm going to start using them all. Because the last one I did was the body war. The gay thing too. Where did that come from? No, that was sin and. Yeah. I think I may have added to it or whatever, but I think it was sin. The thing I hate most about growing old is. 750 so far. I won't be able to afford to live. 177. The winky won't work. 92. Or wouldn't that be bad. I am old. 77. That's what I voted for. But again, it's all relative. I am old. As compared to what I was saying yesterday, Well, what is old in South Florida? 70? 65? 50. 50 is old. I didn't solve it. I'm old. 77. Everything. 25. It's your. Everything. It starts hanging that. Like that song by the Kingston trio. Hang down your head. I can't believe that you sent me a short fat fan. It's on my iTunes. Now I got to stick in my iPod. There you go. Thank you so much. Huh? I said, I bought it up. Hair growing in my ears. 69. I don't like it. It does happen. It is. You know, I got to get my trimmer there. The one that Brittany stole the shaver head. The one I used to shave my head. And I got to get it right there in my ear. Hair growing in yours. In fact, hair starts Morris hair from your nose and just all kinds of funky stuff. There's going to be some pieces. Right. I'll kind of a little things to pop it up on your head. I hair growing in my ear is 69. I hate this full 60. 8.5 percent. Well, shame on you. Nothing. I'm looking forward to it. 51. Well, what is that? A lie? They're looking forward to growing old. I get it. And now in a way, I could understand that because, you know, at least if you grow old, that means you didn't make the alternative. You're not, you're not dead. But I'm looking forward to getting old. I got news for you. A bad thinking. 51. Take it from me. Not a good idea. Not that I feel older in it. I feel just like me. I feel whatever I can. I think I hate most about growing old is. I've pooped my pants. 51. In my case, I don't think that's a byproduct of age. I think that's just a byproduct of my intestinal lack of whatever. You know? Well, I just have gastrointestinal problems I've had that for years. Just like you should know. You've got what do you tell me you've got to tell me. I don't think so. Well, whatever it is. stomach issues. I'm trying to cart burn things. Yeah. I can't imagine why that he's sitting there eating, talking to eating at the same time. Eating how he's known. Yeah. That's great. Young chicks won't like me anymore. 47. Of course, the assumption is they did you in the first place. You know, 47 say that word. And my kids will stick me in a home. Only seven. Hmm. I've already thought about that. Because I don't have any kids number one, but I do have friends who I don't know. They could probably, is there something like that? Is that like the baker acting? I mean, is it possible for your friends to stick you in some kind of a home? I don't think so. Do they have legal authority to do that? But if you give them legal authority like that. No, I'm not doing that. I'm not giving them a lot, but I'm not giving them that. Stick my ass in a home. Like, what's in there? I'm a surrogate, old fart. Oh, yeah. 712 votes on the poll by growing old. Yeah. And those people say, oh, nothing. I'm looking forward to it. Right. Oh, I can say it. Sure you are. Come on. It's Saturday, 10 and 5, 16, WCW in there. Do you have what it takes to be a news real? If you do, you will. Sport whole radio 5, 60 WQF. Invite you to listen and wave. With a 560 QAM deals will contest. Simply cut and pay someone else's profile and dig to my space. Or in 50 words or less. Right. Why you should be a news will on the back of the postcard. And on the TWQAM's, then be old in the McAllysphere hotel. Then when you hear this out, that's your chance to win how it's millions. Perhaps even billions of dollars. It's a dollar. It's a dollar. It's a dollar. It's a dollar. It's a dollar. It's less female. No number than 18. No older than 25. It must be shaving and smooth. The judges reserve the right to eliminate contestants based on the ready-quate similarity ratings scale of 1 to 10. Runners that will receive an autographed group that could have meals will. Suitable for printing. Any duplicates of meals will found a new or a chill life or an parking lot will be voided by law. All prizes will be awarded by my client today and the grand prize winners are asked to be patient for it. Definitely a period of time until the other sites to die. Ten 18 at 560 WQAM. I notice we ran an extra legal ID there, which is good. You can never run too many legal IDs, Chris. Yeah, but you just claim real well. That's okay. Not a problem. I rather have the legal ID than a super disclaimer. All the opinions, the opinions and a flamm-on-a-shower got nothing to do with the the beasley, isn't it? If they don't know already, we don't want nothing to do with him. The greatest ID, maybe not the greatest, but the my favorite radio station ID, was WKNRD Troy, which really, the station was licensed to Dearborn, which is a suburb of Detroit. A lot of Arabs by the way in Dearborn. A lot of Muslims, what's up with that? But the ID used to be WKNRD, or in with offices in the Sheridan Cadillac Detroit. And of course, the offices were like, you know, like a PO box, like a, you know, like a mail drop, or a female drop, and that was the offices. And a mail drop. It made it time more like it was a Detroit station. Whatever's the greatest station, Kier 13, goes for the days, man. See this business sucks. This business is all done. It's over. It's over. Look at this story about the Exhibenceurius, have we had any facts? Is it that yet? No, I didn't mention yesterday, and we were worried everybody on that as usual. Breaking news. That's right. We're ahead of the whole world. But here's an interesting story that somebody facts in the last. Thank you, Brian. A lot of our friend, Brian. It's a different Brian. Not chicken neck. Uh. Booker restaurant mania. So you know what that makes me think of Booker restaurant mania? Proc. No. Dracula? Yeah. We had a hoon to the castle. But. But right. Thank you, staff. Oh, step down. Got you in the monitor? Well, if I knew we'd be old, but it works. And he got it working on it. We found an old monitor laying around that works. Yeah. And so back in business as soon as this thing ever. Speak out of this poll we're doing today about being old. How many years have you been caught in the old man? I think I was like 30 or something when you stericomedy old man. That's right. It's a relative term. I see. As old as compared to you. Pretty soon. I'll be old as compared to everybody. Well, not if I'm still on here in South Florida. That's one of the good things. You never old Josh Cortis used to comedy. Not quite so old man. I see. Josh Cortis, by the way, got his flavor wave oven courtesy. You're truly. They. Now, did he say anything? I didn't come in here and like, give me a big kiss. He may at all kind of sick discussing such thing. Thank you. It all kinds of slurping sucking. That was Chris. That was Josh. What? Josh is over here having his breakfast. Oh, he's in there. He's in everything. He's having bacon. Probably coming it up on the flavor wave. You don't have to think me. It's just a matter of no. As somebody we know would say it's a labor of love. No, an ericol. We say, John, I'm a serial and bacon together in the movie. I hear he's a serial eater. He calls it bacon flakes. Yeah. He provides the plate part. I hope you enjoy it and have a lot of wonderful meals with your Russian girlfriend. Booker restaurant manager. Mmm. See that helps get the slum out of your throat. Never thought about that. Mmm. Like that. A Roman priest. And I'm sorry. A Romanian priest. Who let it these long experiences in ritual. Oh, that have a little sound effect on this too. That's my bed. That's a whole place to tell you. The power of Christ to tell you. A Romanian priest who led days long exercises and rituals for young other end of the woman's death was sentenced to a state of 14 years in prison. The power of Christ to tell you. Oh, I like that little last of it. I remember when her stomach was like getting all ripped open. Mm-hmm. And remember the one scene I'm trying to remember what at what point of the movie were. Who played the mother? Sarah Goldford. No, and in the exercise, that's the same person. Oh, I did it. You're right. It's terrible for her. Boy, we are getting old. Any hot way. Whoever played Sarah Goldford in recroom. That's the one who played the mother. Anyway, she pulls back the sheets and it says on her chest on her belly. On the reverse. Help me. Remember that? The church. Four nuns were also sentenced in the case. The dead nun, Marciaca Irina Quinici, released he heard the devil talking to her. The power of Christ to tell you. She was treated for schizophrenia. So when she relapsed Daniel Petu Corregano, a monk who served as the priest of the secluded Holy Trinity covenant in North East Romania, and four other nuns tried exercise. How do I still oppose you? The power of Christ compels you. See, I mean, whatever his name is, John, she could be enjoying some delicious piece super right now who haven't necessarily been in the studio. Along with his flakes. For an itchy 20s, we were set up for several days at the... This is making a sense. Several days without food or water, and chained to a cross, I'll ride. She died of dehydration, exhaustion, and suffocation. Huh? The power of Christ compels you. The court of North East City of Vaselui convicted Corregano and the nuns of holding Quinici captive, we saw the interdeath. One of the nuns, Nicoletta, Arlenew, was sentenced to eight years in prison. And the other three, it's got the names which I'm not going to waste my time with, we see five of your sentences. Dozens of Corregano supporters, packed the courtroom and prayed for the priest, several burst into tears when the verdict was announced. 14 years in prison, the defendant's lawyer is trying to appeal. The power of Christ compels you. Quinici's a death prompted Romania's dominant Orthodox Church to promise reforms, including psychological tests for those seeking to enter monasteries. Speaking of somebody needs a psychological test. I'm asking for a sure that I'm not a good one. The Orthodox Church was his benefit and from a religious revival in recent years, condemned the ritual at the covenant as abominable, abominable, a place of Belgium. And Band Court Yenu from the priesthood next to me indicated the four nuns from the church. In 1999, when the Vatican issued his first new guidelines for a 16, since 1614 for driving out devils, he was setting all the new jersey. The power of Christ compels you. Good place for him, by the way. The power of Christ compels you. Yeah, one more time. The power of Christ compels you. Thank you. It urged his priest to take modern side-kind to end what count in deciding who should be exercise. I could use the exercise myself. I'm going out for a long walk right now. I'll be back. Amen, about 155. Orthodox Church is also a great way to perform exercises in rituals, but Corregano's methods were criticized by church officials as excessively a harsh, not only the dropout from the church's religious education program. Well, you don't have an exercise, and don't have some dropout to it on. That's the list now here. QIM Hello. You're there, and it's probably a good thing. You never know. WDQIM, hello. Hi. Yes, sir. A couple things Ellen Bernstein was the mother, and thank you. That's correct. She's a great actress. But I know she also plays a gold part about being elderly and somebody taking you away. Yeah. Anybody can call the abuse hotline. It's for abuse and neglect if they think an old person is, you know, like living with 19 cats or being a baby. But it's right. But I'm sorry. I'm going to have floor stuff like that. Yeah. So that's going on in your place up there, be careful. Okay. I'm going to sort of catch off about any right now. Okay. Hey. Deal. Um, never mind. I'm out. Bye. See it. He wanted me, man. Can you tell? I could be trying to. Yeah. He wanted me badly. I love you, pal. I'm going to send out a 50 in both of these pool. Well, I sure. If I could just get to the last remnants of this. You know what I mean? We're like a like with a shovel. If I just took that shovel down my throat. And just shovel away. Shuffle off the buffalo would be good for somebody not for me. You know, 124, no friends in my space, by the way. Now let me just say this. The fact that there are people who voluntarily live in Buffalo and upstate near. That tells me that there's a real problem with the human race. Hey, pal. It's straight from a Vatican. Introducing new Catholic life. The religion with one third the guilt of your regular faith. You Catholic life satisfies your need for Christianity. But it doesn't fill you up with a lot of doctrine. More than a million. More than a million. With Catholic life, there's no confessions, no servants, and no lingering afterlife. It's the perfect alternative for modern agnastics who don't want to take any chances. Our services are held three times a year and they're only 15 minutes long. Plus there's no added guilt for sneaking out during communion. We've dropped that, too. Look for our church, Wibil and your neighborhood. Hey, you might be in the front view. For ye of little faith, try Catholic life because a little faith is all you need. Ten 31. How about some to fill in man? That would be really good. Seven hundred and seventy votes in the poll. We'll make a thousand, even though this is not one of those. Rockham and Sakham kind of pulls you in a while. It was really not down, drag out, get all whipped up to a frenzy. Like the body washing, for example. That's pretty controversial. You know, I guess. I mean, it should be automatic. That's like saying, do you get out of bed in the morning? We'll listen to you on again somewhere. You know, it's something like that really kind of... ...and there's something coming tomorrow. WQAM hello. Hello, Neil? Yes sir. Good morning. Good morning. I hope you're better with the crowd. I'm a small grandmother of the year, which is I used over the years. You probably, from your childhood. It's the cup, hello? Yeah. Yeah. Full cup of the hot meal. Full kids, full table spoon. Full full, full table spoon. Full of the hot meal. Mix it up and see if it's okay. Mix it up and see if it's okay. I'll be mixing it right now. Okay. What was he saying butter and honey and something like that? I thought he said sniffing. Yes. sniff this. Okay. I asked him if he had a strong constitution. Which American used to have before Bush? 774 votes on a pool. Now my throat is fine. I just had the remnants of the flame for me. Ascend of a cold. There's nothing worse than the Ascend of a bad cold. Oh, this was even a bad cold. This is a bad story though. This is very sad. A three year old girl died this morning after being run over by her family's car in the driveway. A Virginia Beach home according to the BS. Oh. The Ascend had about eight o'clock this morning. A hundred block of northwest 13th Avenue. Both the girl and her mother were outside in the driveway. Their names haven't been released. Though details remain sketchy. The mother may have sent the girl back inside the family's. One story due place to put on a jacket said Elliot Cohen, BSOs book. Is it truly this morning still? No, it's cool. Nice. Yeah, cool. Very nice. T-shirt weather. So in other words, a little girl didn't really need a jacket. And if she wouldn't have gone back inside, she's still be. I don't want the mother to feel bad, but you know, if you're clipping overbearing. There's nothing worse than an overbearing mother just asked me. Or George. He'll tell you. No. Don't forget your galages now. Oh, brother. Some of the girl ended up behind the red sedan, which went into reverse. The child was run over and rushed to Memorial Region, the hospital. Hollywood, she was pronounced dead. Investigations that are way to determine exactly what happened. On Monday night in West Dade, a four year old boy was killed. But he fell out of his mother's car and was hit by a sports coupe. Police are still looking for the driver and that incident. Boy. Said you want things. There's a lot of things. I think there's a moral in all these stories. The better the best plan is stay inside. Don't leave the house. Right? Let's just let all those cats run around. Or that was a little bit of this hard shooting one of that guy said. I should have asked him. I should have asked him what the relationship has to be with the people before they can like have you committed or whatever he said. You know, right? I know it was if it just somebody out on a street who thinks you're a crazy person or somebody who's your close personal friend or whatever. And they just decided that I'm going to call him have you put away. Oh, he's crazy. He's a little bit of a crazy guy. You know, even if they're a total stranger. Don't you start with that stranger stuff again. Are we ever going to get that clip or not? I told him. I told him every day. Personal friend Brandon was going to get me that. But he haven't sure he's still working on it. Tapping everything. That's all other good stuff. Which you said was Kenny Sonny. By the way, he's very upset about the way. It's still a little bit branded. He's working on it and the clip too. He's a stranger. I said, yes, I think she's taken over Larry show because she's he's got her like every other night now. Even though we can't stand him. I watched that show. She did take over. Well, she's on a lot. I'll tell you that she was on a getting the night. All the way didn't watch it. I missed the tip. I don't like her as a guest. I mean, I do like her on her show when she's a bitch and people off. But it's right. Yes, you know. But what do I care what she thinks about Anne and the cool. I know there are legal ramifications there. What do I think? But, you know, yeah. Oh, look at this. It's a miracle that yesterday of block commanding 836 on 57th Avenue. You saved my day by not in agreement with that nightmare. Well, you're welcome. How do you like that? Because I went on the year and I gave the thing. And of course, we don't have a news department or QM because unless it has to do its force, nobody could possibly care about it. So we have no news department. So naturally, we were going to give you any information about the traffic mess on 836 because of that wreck. So I saw it on CNN and put it on the air. And here's somebody nice enough to facts me and say, Thank you that you saved my day by not getting me on it. And then there's some other stuff on here. A text are a couple of articles on birth order and being gay. While the results substantially the small percentage in gay men, it clearly shows to be a botanist to be biologically driven in not a choice. We all have a family member somewhere in a world of closet. Biologically driven not a choice. Amen. Well, that's obvious. Two. Ray Calmilgo. Aaaaah. Formally mil, oh look at that lavender. Hmm. I wonder what that means lavender. Gay. Ray Calmilgo. Formally milgo. I try to stay warpied years in software and hardware modern technology. Wow. Remember I was talking to the other day about when I first moved out of plantation acres. The only thing I thought was Ray Calmilgo. Must have been on Friday. Was it really? I don't know. I watched and build the assograss mill. Oh yeah. Well, it must have been on Friday. We're talking about what tells the big deal. I'm asking that question. Nobody can answer me that because nobody who lives in South Florida actually goes to the sawgrass. Right? It's all the Brazilian tourists. I don't know. But the Brazilian campaign that run into those places. I would say the one thing I do like is the food court. The one that's got Nathan's and not because the food courts are great. I just like Nathan's. Don't you? I like Nathan's. Nathan's. For a quick poll it says when sit on. No. Ah. That this is horrible. And then George writes trust me. You don't want to get the four pages with this poll. No, the artists will get the four pages of the article that they're talking about. And it's, you know, pondress from Wikipedia. You don't want to talk about birth order and being gay. Yeah. I mean, biologically, we've never listened. I already know that. And I'm not going to sit here and try to convince people because the people out there who want to use their own ignorance as an excuse for bigotry. They're going to continue doing that. Oh, it's a choice. You chose to be gay. Right. You're saying if it makes you happy to believe that if it substantiates your hate and your intolerance and your stupidity, great more power to you. For a quick poll, I don't think I really want to read this about your member when you're taking a dump on the toilet. Drop it inside the bowl and forget it. Rest it on the toilet seat and forget it. Oh, geez. That night, we'll read the rest. Yeah. Just forget it. Yeah. Forget it. I think it's a good part. This call of this facts you're this person was really well thanking me for avoiding the mess. I just turned my life in a pure instant crap with that whole thing about what do you do? I mean, it's just hang down your head time, do the I think again is the apple opera advance. 786 votes on the pool. The thing I hate most about growing old is I think we left an operative one out. What's that dying? Yeah. Getting close to death. No, because I think that would be good. Get close to death. I don't feel close to death, though today. In fact, if you would ask me aside from the defund the last very last remnants of this call, what's it going by tomorrow? But if you would ask me, I would say I feel no different now than I was when I was like say 50. Since you think 50 is old. I don't feel any different. Well, no, that is that old stupid cliche. Your only is old is it feel right. Yeah, my response to that is feel this, you know. But I don't feel a day over 50. I don't feel a day over 17. Well, good for you. In the end, I was a little worried about that. Had a really slow start because it's a crappy pool. Now I shouldn't say that. Somebody said it. Don't, don't ever knock a pool that somebody said it because they're not overseeing the other one. They take it personal. I won't be able to afford to live on 95. Well, start saving right now. Okay, put away some money. Are you young punk sat there? Trust me when I tell you. Oh, wow, that sounded like a fall. You know what it was? It was my cable box. It just slowed right off the top of the, because I was being very infatica. I didn't hit it that hard. I hit the counter here. And it just slowed off the top of my little citizen TV right on the floor. But it's okay. It'll be fine. Picture still there. I won't be able to afford to live on 195. Put some money away, George. Yeah. The wanky won't work. The wanky or the wanky. I'm on 03. I am old 84. Oh, I am. Everything droops 82. Here growing in my ears. 76. Like a forest growing in your ears. It just, oh, all the scissors, all the tweezers, all the, oh, yanking. Young six won't, don't like me anymore. 64. And they probably don't know anyway. I hit this full 64, 8.1%. Not good. Nothing. I'm looking forward to it. 57 crazy people. I pooped my pants. 55. Also not good. My kids will stick me in a home. 7. And if they don't, some strange out on the street, maybe judge Judy will do it. I can't, baby. The turning table, Janet Reno, as purchased a red fourth pickup truck. I am Janet with Ames of Granite. Today I've got my travel in companion. I'll legal alien, Paco by my side. But I'm just, Paco is my full time house boy. And part time off slave. I'll be riding shotgun with me till we hit Florida. Then I'm gonna dump this cycle. Can't can in Miami. And push them off with a volleyball. And then inflatable superbolts here. I need some meat time. It's all about Janet and they open highway. I'm grown weary of Paco anyway. Oh, not Muchachan. He's believing his stinky cigars all over my apartment. Trying to convince me to do a Monica Winsky forum. That's not for me. I told him, hey Paco, dance and exit. Oh, Lamo Chacha. Plus I got a shot at Hook and Be at Gopwood. Lamo Chacha. I got a shot at Hook and Be at Gopwood. Lamo Chacha. Nothing like ramblings down in interstate that clear your mind. Oh, Lamo Chacha. Me looking for Janet Reno, red fourth pickup truck. Traveling the country's eyes, later this month. 1046 had five, 60 WCM. Let's take a little less scheduled. Mad Dogger two, power hour with Hank and Mad Dog together. Of course, Humphrey is back today. And then he'll be on solo five to seven Hank over. Pants and preview with seven of the panthers to play the lighting. Intrapherment, a seven, 30. And then open out of course, it's the unshused ESPN radio. Guess who died? Who died? Somebody you ever heard of. But remember we played short fact, fatty yesterday. And in the song, it was like Jim Danny to rescue. Jim Danny was by was it Leigh Verne Baker to Jim Danny? I don't know. I'll see you in the minute to rescue. Why were you partying? I'll look it up. No, go ahead. William Danny, a 35 year old. I mean a 35 year old. I don't know. What is it? I don't know Jim Danny. I'll find it. A 35 year Browner School administrator became one of the first principles as a predominantly white school. By this morning of a brief illness family member, city with 79. Mr. Danny began his career in a Browner School system in 58 as a guidance counselor at Dillard High. Then in all black school, and they segregated for Larga. You know, for Larga, there was a really, really bigoted place. You do understand that, don't you? Wasn't every word? Well, I guess, but I mean, I'm talking about for a very long time. In fact, the, it was like, Gluyesh Heaven was for Larga. The Gluyen moved there to get away from the Jews who were primarily in Miami Beach. And they moved there to get away from the blacks and then moved there to get away. Certainly from your people, the Juliou. And of course, that didn't work out too well. Is there any, is there any part of the data Browner now that your people haven't like, I don't want to say overrun that would sound like a very sarcastic term, but they haven't just like infected in Festa. I mean, like, you know what I mean? No. No. No. We're on our way to Canada too. Well, guess what? Enjoy it while you can't. The RCNP will be right there at the border, eh? Yeah, yeah. I don't know, I'm too many Cuban hockey players. There's at Manny Fernandez, not yet. Just wait. Eight out of 11 votes on the poll. We'll make a thousand increases pretty as done because we had a very weak start. A second U.S. aircraft carrier has arrived in Middle Eastern waters. It's promised by U.S. President Bush in January. I mean, an escalating crisis with nearby Iran or West New York program. You'll be pleased to know, by the way, that my cable, my digital cable box is back on top of the TV. Or the problem. See, now that everything, they started calling things solid state, which meant that they used like transistors instead of tubes, you know, right? Here, for example, and this is another thing when you get to be an old fart like me. Remember, remember things that a lot of you younger punks can't, you find incomprehensible. Like for example, when's the last time either one of you had the TV repairman at the house? I'd beg your pardon. Right. When was the last time? When was the first time? Exactly. How about you, Chris? Have you ever had a TV repairman? About six eight months ago, yeah. For one? 48 inch white screen? What do I mean for what kind of TV? I mean for what problem? It just, well, you have a 48 inch white screen TV? Yeah. HD, HD ready out and have a lot of stuff. HD ready, my ass. Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on. I'm ready, you have the bomb on, man. That's like, go ahead. It was overheating or something like that. So the guy who come in and switch something out. He switched it. But you had a man like George, his 100 years old. He's never had a TV repairman. No, we just used the pliers like everybody else. But back in the day, when we used to have all those two businesses in the TV, he'd be burned out like, huh? They would burn out. Two of those would burn out. And so the TV would go on a fridge and you'd go into a panic. Oh, gee, what do we do not have to go to a TV repairman? And he would come and open it up. And almost every time would be some kind of a... She would also not be the picture tube. No, I don't want to get into a big, because I'm totally ignorant about these sets that we have today. Although I do know that my 46th HD set, the other room, my Samsung, Yeah. That there's a thing, you know, it's got a mean bulb. Okay, the last for, I don't know how long, hopefully a lot longer. And there's a, you can see where you just unscrew a thing, and there's like a panel, and just unscrew like a light bulb, any buy a new one and put it in there, which I think is about 500 bucks, whatever. But they last for a couple of years, I think, or more than that. Okay. But that's what used to happen all the time when you had a TV. Right. And the horizontal hold, when's the last time the horizontal hold on your TV gave out? Do they even have those, I don't think that we even have those on TV's anymore, do we? I don't know. Those knobs, the V-hold and the H-hold, the vertical hold, the horizontal hold, and the picture would like to like sideways and then would I start rolling? When you CC our rolling, if you buy, you know what they have them on is like, we bought a little battery operated for the hurricane kind of TV. Yeah. And it had that stuff going. Did it? But other, other not know I've never seen one. But what kind of a TV in the year 2007 has got a vertical hold button and a horizontal hold, because it just doesn't happen. Right. The picture just doesn't keep rolling and rolling, because we made all these advances, so the point being that when they drop this box on the floor, nothing will go wrong, because it's all like, got transistor sisters inside or whatever it's got. Or they even transistors, or there's a B on that, in my way behind the times. I think they are our still transistors in there. Wow. Why am I on top of stuff or what? I got a lot of gadgets and gizmos. I have no idea how they work and you know what, what do this is make? As long as you know how to do it, what do you mean what do you mean? That's what we have engineers like stuff who fixed this monitor in here. I'll drill in a commercial break. What a world-win operation, too. I think you're saying you brought in the old crappy one. It just happens to still be working together. You know how these monitors are hooked up. They were like all these wires and everything. Yeah. And then, oh yeah. And then everything. Right. Pour everything apart. Got the shop back. Nice gone, Steph man. That can do it. That's what I've been doing. I've been doing it for a couple of minutes. Yeah. One of my favorite calls of all time yesterday was the guy that, who obviously must work like, he must be a mighty bell's boyfriends or something. And he called, said, you know, you had a problem. You got a problem with QAM. We've had a problem. Every station you've been on, Neil. And I said, how long have I been on this? It's a too long, too long. That was mighty bell's buddy, I guess. He cracked me up. Yeah, must be me. Okay. It's not the business. Don't ask anybody else in this business today, but I had an problem. In fact, I've been several stations that I worked there where I wouldn't say we really had much of a problem. WNWS. I was there like nine years. I think right now, I'm tied. I think I was at IOD for nine years. Mm-hmm. WD's news for eight or nine and now nine plus at QAM. So I think this is my, you know, that's a long time to be on one station. Am I right? Yet as KAT, it was only there two years. I and Z. I think between I and Z and Zeta, I was there like six, I believe, six years. And speaking of radio, which is a piece of crap, the two main U.S. satellite radio providers, which I told you yesterday, series and XM, agreed to merge and stock for stock deal, that would create if it's approved a $13 billion company, including 1.6 billion in debt. And the reason that they headed to this merger is because, um, side by each individually, they weren't going to cut it. And I took it at a long time ago. Remember people were giving me a lot of crap? Oh, you're wrong, you know, there's nothing like satellite radio. That's the way of the future. And I kept saying, I don't think too many people, at least not that big of a percentage. I go to pay for something that they can get for free. Unless there's really something spectacular on there, you know, over the love Howard Stern. And they aren't. In fact, the two, if you put the two of them together, they got about 7 million customers nationwide. Well, what's 7 million people? Not many. The country has 300 million people, which is probably like 270 or 260 million adults. What's 7 million people? Not enough. Tiny slice of the pie. Under terms of the deal, which as long and anticipated, XM stockholders get 4.6 years in series, XM and Syria shareholders would each own 50% of the combined company. Fedor and Media Executive Mel Carmez and currently Syria CE. Oh, we'll be CE. Oh, they combined company and Gary Parsons. Now Chairman of XM will hold the same position in the new company. Both executives would be able to tell member board of the new company. Each company will get to name four additional directors each, and General Motors in American Honda will each get to name a director. The deal will need to win regulatory and shareholder approval. Once received, the company's expected deal could close by the end of this year. Although the deal will combine the two largest US satellite providers in the, into one entity. The companies are likely to argue that the deal will not limit competition in satellite radio space. Due to competition, the company is faced from other types of media, including the internet and devices such as the iPod. Ah, huh, likely story. In the first release, the company said the deal will help create greater programming and content choices. Speed up technological innovation and improve financial performance. The combination will create a company with $15 billion in revenue. All is wrong about the number. The company is a company that has a lot of money. The company is a company that has a lot of money. The company is a company that has a lot of money. The company is a company that has a lot of money. The company is a company that has a lot of money. The company is a company that has a lot of money. The company is a company that has a lot of money. The company is a company that has a lot of money. The company is a company that has a lot of money. I could write in my space thing. He's one of our friends. We got 1214 on my space and we got 830 votes on the poll about getting old. We didn't add that thing under about getting close to debt, did we? Did we? No, we did not. I mean, isn't that the main negative about getting old besides all the illness and the disease? And a flam, a f**king and stuff? I would think so. A lot, let's get that on there. 831 votes. And the thing that they worry about most about getting old is not being able to afford to live 205. And you know what? No problem. George will send you a chance. The meal runs your show. 206 to 209. That's his new brain. 206 to 209. Any questions? We want to meet. We want to meet. Uh-huh. We want to meet. We want to meet. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I'm a sinner, I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner. a lot of five sixty w q a m well that is a but this is a stubborn munga gets you know the very last remnants of the they just as momma come out a little bit like a vacuum cleaner and you stuck it down your throat yet sucked it all out and you sucked all the flim out of your um ducts how would that be or stuff and we're doing it to be who's one of our very best facts who says big and TV repair service in the home you remember the TV tube tube testing machines and stores that would allow you to test your TV tube after you pulled them from your set I should do if a tube tested bad it was a rack of replacement tube in the compartment below the test unit pick the tube or go back to your house and fix your own set and then he says damn I feel plus he says p.s. the best part of getting old is that you feel like crap and don't mind the thought of dying oh no woo I feel like that yeah make sense well I have a great set point yet thank you thank the lord thank everybody and you did put the getting close to that this got four votes already eight forty six eight hundred and forty six vote five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and the Verizon singular wireless line W. K. I. M. Hello hey doing them okay sir hey uh have you tried darkling with warm salt water you don't have a long out of your that doesn't do it that that's a sore throat no it's to get the flamm out of the exfoliated on the president exfoliated yeah okay I'm gonna go do that I'll take a hours now I'll go do it stay away from the dairy okay all right see yeah oh that's a Jewish guy okay he knows his milk like inflation stay away from dairy man all that cheese that that's what creates all that extra flamm and I'm a cheese man in fact I you know what they're for lunch I could take a slab of cheese and go put some other kind like a slab of mozzarella cheese and put some cheddar cheese and just put them in nukam and just melt it all together just have a big mung vest of cheese all I love cheese not good for you though I don't think is it I don't imagine what do you know about it you a cheese guy I'm a cheese I'll be talking about it is that this conversation that's why he's like adults so much he's said that in fact you know what crystal is got not talking about your wife I mean the food chain they've got well I'm sure a lot of other places have not too bad I think they were the original ones with the cheese fries okay yeah man now there's nothing like going through the drive through at crystal in Tampa on Dale Mabri and getting a whole bag full of whole sack full of those little nasty burgers you know the cheese burgers and then a bunch of cheese fries and then you get on the highway you just go up the road they're on Dale Mabri and you get on what is that what is that road I don't know brother yeah so I'm way well you get on the expressway whatever it is and you're eating out of the sack of course why you're driving and you get the cheese fries you get the the the goopy cheese and all over your hands and all over your shirt and then all over the steering wheel if you're beautiful Corvette and you don't want cheese you know it's pretty good though you think of cheese it is really pretty good you know cheese fries a crystal two but we know now we do have that one supposedly worth it I don't know uh cheese it's somewhere like in in Broward I believe 850 people said that we finally got steak in steak in South Florida they have cheese fries also or not are just dreaming that they have great shakes they do have cheese fries they're burgers unfortunately are all like good because they fall apart you know they like fall into like sections you know what are you gonna do and they have like all over your shirt and all of your pantaloonies and what's that all of your clothes oh it's cheese burger you know but their shakes are really great at steak in shakes especially like the one they're on sunrise WQAM hello QAM yeah you're talking about the TV 2 yes yeah we used to get the 6L 26 which is the horizontal vertical 2 yeah we used them in the liniers for the CB ready up alright it's pretty informative man I'm gonna I'm gonna mark all of that down haha was that some heavy duty stuff or what woo did you mark that down what I don't know whatever the hell he said he had the name of the the name of the Q and all that stuff and where he stuck it and uh that stuff like that I thought it was extraordinarily entertaining maybe he could maybe he could have his own show on Saturday right between the no punches pooled guy and the golf show to talk about where do you stick your Q WQAM hello QAM hey that was pretty good that was great yeah very much very much yeah used to you know you could take if you go to a drugstore or a place like that and they had these machines that used to test those to really and I'm not even at all I mean he used to you know keep it in work he took the two bat went to the drugstore you put it in a machine and had all those different size holes and it so it's very nice I just read right how old are you 54 54 54 oh well that's that's pretty old oh it is I'm not not going to have to me not you know not by my standards but I mean generally speaking you're pretty like Chris and George there you know I had to stream flat by the bat at T P and the other night I had a dream about at 10 and I'm sorry I had a dream about a week long you think I'm a little bit too tense I thought you were going to say I had a dream about a P P is what I thought you were going to say that's not good I would have been funnier I would have been a hell a lot more entertaining and not killed as much time in 159 votes on the pool they pulls about getting old and don't think that I did this is something somebody sent in I'm not all I worried about getting old I feel young and sprite 865 votes on the pool the thing I'm hate most about growing old is I won't be able to afford to live two 13 the winky won't work one 10 everything droops 88 I am old 87 of us old farts here growing my ears 86 that's that's a good one in fact you know something no matter how often or how quickly you like uh... squeeze it out or you shave it up yet it just keeps coming back I know never run your head would grow as fast as they're in your ears you'd really have something young six won't like me anymore 80 I hit this pool 65 down the seven and a half percent thing thanks god uh... nothing I'm looking forward to it 61 absolutely crazy people if you go and back to wd's facts I would say like for the last 20 years of her life my mother used to say to me every time I go over for lunch every Tuesday if you say oh now smuts it all about if I had a gun I would shoot myself and you'd say let me go buy it or no I say you're living right right up the street there is 441 you know all those pawn shops ma but anyway uh... i pooped my pants 60 you don't have to be old to do that isn't that interesting how like when you're an infant you got to die present in little babies of whoop their pants and then when you get to be old again call i go through a second childhood just i'll tell you now you know that you keep accusing me of that yeah that's not what ever no there is nothing wrong with them enjoying it my kids will stick me in a home eight and getting close to the seven i told about my landlord from a service order the one i said all not worried about dying because about the time i get that age they'll have a cure and uh... yeah live forever man i'm doing he's dead republican presidential candidate john McCain city yesterday the war in a rack is been mismanaged for years and former defense secretary rouse tell to be remembered as well the worst in history easy to say now john he well i said this john McCain he gives me spilky's man he makes me want a caca or paying a very heavy price for the mismanagement that's the kindest word i can give you a dollar off solid this word the original senator bc the prices very very heavy kind of crisp very heavy and i regretted enormously became told an overflow crowd of more than eight hundred and a retirement community you're helping ahead i'll unsolved kerala you're okay the racking why it's a beautiful place to help in the island is it still a thing beautiful about self-kerala that i've seen or you hate self-kerala being the north kerala and the two are that's right we've got to go through self-kerala and to get there okay and the racking republican on the center arm service committee complained that one's felt never put enough troops in the ground to succeed in a rack course exceeding i have no idea what they'll ask for the meeting tell all the people that he's other i would mean kill everybody basically kill everybody who won't play ball with us and do what we say and give us all that oil and uh you know boost up kerala's your probes Hitler likeness and jokes on sugar packets there's a picture of eight all for that you know the one thing about him that was funny i'll say that is that must and what and the do you know he was a funny guy he was a real fashion play kind of like me as a matter of fact small packets of sugar bearing likeness of eight off Hitler and carrying a holocaust jokes have been found in some cafes in kerala's your prompting and investigation the office of the state prosecutor city of study local district attorney in the eastern town of pozegas open investigation and it's currently looking in the matter the no-vileist daily newspaper no-vile you know where no-vileist that's in detrient that's down the way to uh wolf marine hardest raceway detrient race course no longer there in lavo mia no-vile the no-vileist in fact there was a great skipper's table there's a race mortgage board i told you the story about how my friend d'ar he was a salesman station i worked at we would have double headers we'd go like uh i mean i don't know if i ever worked anything like that but on a day off or something when we both had the day off we would drive over to detrient and the afternoon go to the third-red races at detrient race course and then go have dinner with skipper's table at the buffet and then drive over to um a couple of the harness racing united and lose our ass the no-vileist daily newspaper reported that officials of the small factory in prezaga confirm the sugar password produced on their premises the incident will embarrass the government which has been keen to play down the country's past links with nazism keroesia i never knew that did you i knew that the auftains were much worse than the crowds over were right i didn't know about keroesia that's uh well i was doing something all right that even love and thirty and we already learned something very impromoiam portante here today keroesia's use stashar regime sided with the nazis and ww and a force ethnic laws under which thousands of served jews and jiffs and is oh as well as anti-fascist coats were killed at local concentration camps nineteen forty one forty five the jews on based anti-nazi salmon vizent al-settis and the statement and it protested united to court's authorities its director afriam zero off express his revulsion and disgust that such an item could be produced these days in the country in which the holocaust not only took place but was for the most part carried out by local Nazi collaborators if nothing else this is a disgusting expression of nostalgia for the third wife and a period during which jews served in jiffs he's were mass murder and keroesia it's said and there's a picture of a smiling sporking it all with his arm at that forty five degree angles and that's silly as must i although he does make it all the seasoning isn't that just nsg it also meet the date is still even make that accent i don't know about eight all i said is msg that's correct that is correct i love it you do that's pretty well my tongue no one of you sick all the time he's an accent that's a nice accent it's monocity and gluten glutamine i love a mystery makes my teeth tingle god poor man's acid in fact if you sit on it back home talk about a tingle eight seventy eight six hundred pull and leave it to south Florida man nobody in south Florida wants to get a forgot your breath beautiful absolutely huh pair after yes come well Your dance keeps us saying we stink They've wadvers seen and sing Oh yeah Because we can't touch a tune And hey, Jake, we can be really rude To went down the aisle How we can be filed Now the match is always our breaking of war So what about that great reality TV show There was a Nick and Irritator that was on for about two weeks Is anything still on? I don't even know which one you're talking about Yeah, they had their own show where they were like living together And they were like, huh? I'm glad I blinked and missed that Oh yeah That was on for about five minutes and then what I think is throwing up badly still on also I don't know But there was so much crap on now Oh yeah, say that And of course when you got a good cable system like I've got and you got 800 channels on my Rogers cable system named after yours truly Now when I came up here They we named the stadium the Rogers Center, you know Dale God Cable company Rogers Dale God All of these things See they give you they give you your do as opposed to South Florida Oh And you realize we're like only nine days away from that big day from March 1st What was first? 1976 Neil Rogers comes to WKAT 1360 on the Val Kets to K To do 3600 afternoon and the average age of our listening audience was death plus 10 talk about getting old oh my god Unbelievable And of course the only people we had listening who could hear the signal K T with the old use on I'm a beach Now you remember those days I do back before art deco and before South Beach I don't listen to that He's below the old people Old people rocking on the rock and chairs there in the building that's right apart Those that that was our audience Hello Neil and you know and now I'm one of them but I like I totally I totally back then and I'm still saying the same thing now I think I lived up to my promise. I'm never gonna become like them I'm never gonna become bitter just because you know chronologically reaches your need doesn't mean you have to act your age You know, it's what thing to act your age when you're like you know 15 instead of acting like 10, you know What does that really mean act your age? Parents say that to the kids all up come on quit doing that act your age. I mean stop doing whatever it is that you're doing at the moment I see well, I'm I don't you act your age ma It's said it back to like some kind of an emotional cripple. Oh, they got there in the first place. That's because mama's acting her age I see You know that Tom Brady knocking up that chick. I just can't believe that I always thought he was such a clean-cut guy That that article yesterday just It's just I didn't know whether the screen or jump out the window. I mean clean-cut guy So therefore he wasn't having any sex is that is that what defines a clean-cut guy is that he's not getting laid nine-time married Until he's married is that what it is Chris? Who knows is that what you're waiting for that in clean? No, I'll be willing to Be the father of her child if she likes You know, but you're raised that thing. Yeah. Yeah, you're raised it. You'll break not the kid either Nine hundred votes on the pool. We got that we're gonna make our thousand a day We're crushing along as they say and cemetery village. We're crushing along Moving very very slowly As old people tend to do we're shuffling. How do you QAN hello? Hey Neil. Yes, sir I'm sorry if you talk about two star alert TV 2. Yeah, I mean I'm not that long like 47 I remember You're watching this I use this I use this for my yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah six or as easy. Yeah, okay, okay, okay, we're gonna get rid of this guy. You're rid of him God This phone thing and I'm sure I'm sure it's the connection between here and there because last couple of months But then again line one hasn't worked in about two years now. So why should I worry about that right? That's the same guy again with his GLC Six they was sitting on you know Probably got it from Joel Feinberg no doubt WQAM hello Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, 30 first Thank you. I'm coming Neil you are been from pretty good diet, right? You have pretty good success with them No You haven't with diets? Yeah, I'm on a new diet called the slap off the herd of it. Yeah, it's like this 567.0560 pound five 60. I need to rise in singular wildest line all the amateur comedians this morning The guy think I would the Q yeah, I think that guy needs to have his Q hi would be a good idea so that he doesn't reproduce In fact, that's a lot of this audience we produce in quite frankly leaves me a little bit If I can say that leaves me very nervous Although I don't think we have to worry about too many of our crunch we producing because that's not what they're into you know If you catch my drift we get WQAM hello Okay, paly Listen being 51 now I really it upset me getting older to think what things used to cost the 50 cent candy bar was a nickel We were young No shaking a hamburger was a quarter so I don't know if you can use that on your pulpit But things used to cost and why's your produce because are full of chemicals produce man out? But at least you only got that in is the closing shot that I produce God that was great crazy person But he does have a good point But then isn't that I won't be able to afford to live isn't that like including inflation and all this ridiculous I remember used to be like a dime for a comic book Right now how much is a comic book cost now does anybody to kids buy comic books? I'm sure they do obviously Yeah, I guess I don't how much did they cost all they were We're like a dollar the last time I remember a dollar 20 years ago I think there might be a five-but I don't know five bucks. I think now for a comic book yeah that I hear yep five bucks for a comic book You've got to be kidding me You're a hydrogen. I don't you make it might be Five by one maybe it's 395 with a hellness or could be it could be I'll be there I'm about to job breakers that we used to get out of this little um and I wonder where all the money we need went for all that stuff You know little glass some things What the bending machines and the so what he's talking about machines yeah Probably they always had a sticker on the machine This goes to the American Legion and the veterans and the disabled children and above oh and of course They did not you know some just this game that guy put it in his pocket. Oh, I son can only there with a homeless voice Exactly that kind of crap that kind of scam All those glass globes man the head job breakers were good. Oh my god just tear I'm not sure there I had one of those not that long ago few months ago We still talk about job breakers. Yeah, okay? And I'm assuming we're talking about the same thing nothing over some they were actually like gum inside after you like sucked them long enough They were gum Yeah, but the job breakers were not they were like solid and they had each layer was hot in fact Sometimes they call them red hots and a atomic fireballs Oh Red hots were not job breakers red hots were those little ones that you get the box and you damn deal whole box in your mouth. Yeah, and I don't think they make them as hot as they used to either that or I don't think so I was gonna say or we've been Really be If you too many that are Make sure that makes you give that's probably what happened to me is I too many of those damn red hot job breakers Okay, or red hots Red hots actually in an upstate New York white hots and red hots Which you know thanks to our friend Wayne Arnold White hots are like, you know hot dogs that are like made from pork that looks like brought worse, but they're white hots Mm-hmm and The or an in upstate New York they call red hots either red hots or Texas hots and I have no idea what that means why they call Texas hots I don't know they started in Texas No, I I should not that do you think hot dogs started in Texas? Are you a crazy person or what? Yeah, I am a crazy person, but I know that White hots and red hots are Texas and that was done in Bob's baby talk about living in the past God was I good My my my that was good stuff and I was gone now there's a damn bank there We're done in Bob's used to be right next to my elementary school in Brighton 900 seven boats on the pool the thing I hate most about growing old is I won't be able to afford to live 22 the winky won't work 11 my winky wonky I am old 91 10% of us were ancient young chicks won't like me anymore 90. I'm not worried about that Everything droop 89. I'm a hair growing in my years 89. I hate this pool 68 7.4% Nothing I'm looking forward to it 64 suicidal people. I poop by pan 60 getting close to death 15 and my kids will stick me in a home Solamentate Ocho Make that messlean something Friends and animus. Like, sit here. I'm a sat there. I'm a sound God for you. I'm afraid I'm home. Go to see how some great I'm home. I'm gonna summon them, then I'm home. I'm the one who wants to have the other day. We've home of a group of books of our age. So we've got the group of street. We've got the cross of world, but I've shrugged it with life and it squashed it with hope. Oh, hearts in the condo. I kept the tour by the album before they expire. I'm full, you're one, I'm full, you're twice. No, I'm a C.M. My fault, but I've erased the price on polygrip. So I'm sorry I can't believe a tip. First, there were no kids in the bus. Now, old hearts in the condo. Oh, hello, hello, hello. I saw your my last hair, just moved. Oh, and now old hearts in the condo. By the album, friends and animus. And get your tickets for the fun fly. But then he wick and he bustered ticket outlets. Another, co-fundaw presentation. What tell us, dummy cop bottles? I don't know what tell that. Dummy cop bottles. Candy. Would that be candy? Dummy cop bottle is a candy? Okay. Sounds great. I'm got your host personal friend Brandon, send me all this stuff, all this information. You know, he's in that age category, 24. He says, California, I've heard you're about five bucks. Some cost is much as 15 bucks. They him and job break is at least a huge one's usually cost depending on weight. Last time, I checked he says, it was 399 for quarter pound. So that's like 16 bucks of pound, which still brought job breakers. I know you're part of my candy. And what is gummy cop bottles? What is that? I assume it's like gummy bears in the shape of a flavor of coke. Ah, cacola. Oh, I know. Cacola. I know. I know. I know. I know. We're getting close to a thousand year and a plus. All I care about, what's we do that? 919, old bean, not too bad. And you said it wouldn't hit a thousand. WCOM. Hello. gummy coax bottles are great. They're just like the little gummy bears. Yeah. But they're in the case of a teddy bear. And they have like some coke tasting, um, super expensive. Oh, gross. Yummy. Bye. See it. Ha ha ha ha. Well, that was sweet. That was really sweet, wasn't it? Yes, I was cute. Shane Gibson, the Battle Bahamas immigration minister who's French, but animal coalsmith touched off an island wild, a wild, controversy man has abruptly resigned from his cabinet post. I've been the target of relentless attacks. My good name has been be smurched. My integrity has been impuned. Oh, I love this. Be smurched and impuned. And my character has been assassinated. Never of so many lies and falsehoods have been told. Gibson said late Sunday and stayed on radio and TV in the Bahamas mind. Although I'm stepping down from the cabinet, I have every intention of continuing my quest to bring the full truth of this matter for the Bohemian people yet. Gibson's relationship with Smith, the actress, whose mysterious death and a Hollywood hotel earlier this month, touched off an international custody battle over her baby girl has turned controversy into the Bahamas mind. We could go as you well know. Photos of Gibson and Smith and a warm embrace appeared in the National Tribune newspaper, sparking allegations that he'd given her special treatments for granting her permanent residency in the Bahamas, since he did not meet all the necessary requirements. I unconditionally deny that I have abused my minister of office by granting an end to coal, any permit of which he was under serving or for which he would not qualify to the laws of the Bahamas, and long as that would immigration policies give him said Sunday. And you know what I say in regard to the whole thing, this should be everybody's biggest problem. Isn't it? My guess. After the photos were first published, Gibson appeared live on government owned ZNS radio and TV with his wife Jackie at his side and said the photos were completely innocent. He did not have any sexual relationship with his celebrity and said his entire family, New Smith and a partner at a lawyer Howard K. Stern. Gibson's a member of a Prime Minister Perry Christie's ruling forgressive leader party, a liberal party, whatever in hell it is, the PLP. At the time, his death, her baby daughter Daniel Lynn, Hope Marshall Stern was staying in the Bahamas with Gibson's mother. All that it goes on and on. I can't take anymore, okay? I don't care which body is hot, which body is warm, which one is the daddy, which one had the Tony, I can't stand no more than that. I'd rather hear about the Coke bottle. What is it, candy? Okay. Is that what it's called? Gummy Coke. Gummy Coke. Gummy Coke. You yummy? Gummy Coke. I never saw that in my life. Where would you find that? I don't think the bottle maps yet. How about your partner? And a candy place or places that sell a wide variety of exotic candies like Jackson's Ice Cream, for example? Mmm. What do you guys looking for? And they're controlling for more free. I over there over the weekend. And it was great. You know, Jack, we as we raid. Well, of course you pay. They're going to give you a slipper like you. You're going to give free ice cream a Jackson's. And you're crazy. The guys when they were in here, they invited me over, but nevertheless took the family. That's great. That's a good way to do. Don't be a star, man. Don't be a snorke. It's too much like soft food. No, but don't be a snorke. If they want you to pay, pay up. Just like burn-lacks you to hold me. I never, I never believe in trying to pay back a favor with, you know. Ah, I was a freebie as what I was trying to say. Cheap bastard. He's dead now though. I can say it. Not that I was looking for a freebie. I didn't even know I was going to meet him over there. But came over and just tinkled over me like I was the greatest thing since sliced to the Hall of A. Oh, Mr. Rogers, all the people from Miami to come in here. They all say they heard about us on your show. Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap. And that as you know you've been there, right? Where? Burn steakhouse and tam. No. You've never been there? No. How about you, Chris? No, sir. Really? The tampe is not exactly one of the places I travel to often. Oh, I know. I'm not talking about all the time. Well, ladies and gentlemen, we'll be signing for Scardons. Burn steakhouse and old people. Crystal, trailer parks, rednecks, inbreds. And that's one thing about Tampa, not everybody in that area lives in a trailer park, but they might as well. Isn't that a good way to describe the Tampa Bay area? Yeah. The strangest conglomeration of people. I don't know what it's all about. They all look like, like the people in Nashville, like the product of centuries of inbreeding you know. I don't say that because the Panthers are playing the lighting in Tampa tonight, that has nothing to do with it, but they are. Gelder be on. Well, they're getting, they seem to be on the, not him or beyond TV night. Esco-strader does the weekend games on TV for ESPN. And so they get Geldery on TV. And while when he starts speaking on the, you know, the one thing about an HD set, not only is the picture good, but the audio is sensational. So it gets a really, oh yeah. Wow. It's stereo, the whole. It's just really fantastic. Testicle. 924 on the pole. We're going to be very close. Not when I could over 1000 by the top of the hour. But we'd be closing in on your right, Chris. I should know though. I sit down who every day no matter how stupid the pole question is, no matter how inane it might be, no matter how lame of a star we get off to. This audience comes through for us. Not necessarily on the phone, just on the pole. Or we'll be on the phone pole. W2AM Hello. Yes, but speaking, no, please. Speaking. A meal, or they're scoring in the cold Smith and James Brown and James Bob. Yeah. They weren't? No. Ah. Oh. And then you know the interesting thing about him, though. He sounded like an articulate, almost intelligent person to me. I mean, when I punched him up, no. Except for the fact that he asked to speak to me, or would you, that you had to be on the table right in the beginning. That was a little bit of a clue. I'm not over the story. His back-home asked. Plenty till noon. Now, Clarence was in this morning and I'm incredibly good mood. And I asked him for some programming. If she said, talk a lot of hockey to this. View. God. That's a good one. I'm music. I was a rock star. See. To the sanctity beaches of Miami. Oh, great. Oh, a big, to reach it. Save the town of Man. The state plans, the state plans. To play the red, the black was on our head. Now we have to use toilet paper instead. Escape and do Miami. Next target of us. And. Oh, tropical paradise loaded with their cooking. And we're out. Oh, I love. Oh, I love. Oh, I love. There's something else I can't hear. But we really have a drink out of me. The good thing. Splash of you, throw 10 seats off both. Pointed towards Miami and off, we go. To where the angry human swatter there go. To the tent. A tent. A tent. A tent. That's our plan. The state plans. The state plan. The plan. The plan. The state plan. The state plan. I'm about 25 to 50 w qi. I'm gonna tell you something. I think maybe we better have all my close personal friend sign. I agree with the traffic to stick me in the home. When I get to be old and a feeble and see now. Like any odd couple of weeks. Yeah. Oh, I love doing that on here. Now see I used to close the mic. Oh, I don't do that. But then it takes away the spot knew it have. now that everything is reality TV and reality radio and all other BS. What a phone's your kind of tailed off there. We have little something going for a while. We don't want to overdo it. 560, 750, 560, pound five 60 on the Verizon singular wireless line. Is airheads is that also candy or is that I'm reading someone? It is? It was airheads. I don't know, but it's candy. I've seen it in the candy rack. What happened? No, I'm just, I'm just okay. Okay, ladies, my sense of explaining it. What was we were asking about what we were asking about the clip, what clip was we wanted? Oh, Judge Judy. Now Brandon didn't respond about that. Maybe he was listening to that part of the show. Or maybe he just departed trying to find all of your cramp. I don't know what I want to say. You're a stranger. I love that. It's sort of like a fruit flavored taffy and there's a number on your teeth though. He says, correct, about airheads. I never heard of that. Well, I don't, I don't, in fact, in, um, Amsterdam, well, anywhere you go, there's all these great candy shops, you know, oh, my God. I don't go in there. In fact, on the damrack in Amsterdam, there's a place called J.A.M.I.M. Yaman, I guess you don't pronounce the jayman. No, they're not jayman at Yaman. Yaman. In fact, I think that's how you pronounce it in Dutch. I could be wrong, but I think it's called Yaman. Yeah, Yaman. And that's where I get my Beninjury's ice cream. When you walk in the door right in the front, it's the Beninjury's counter is there. And then the back, it just should be gigantic candy store. Talk about a kid in a candy store. That's me an answer name. Well, that's another story. WQA in, hello. Not there. Bad move. I can't, why don't I just punch up all the ones that aren't ringing. WQA in, hello. Hey, little Hoya. Okay, sir. Long time, Mr. Seldam call unless I really have something to say. Huh, okay. Have a question for you, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm sorry. Listen, you are on the radio station up there. W, H, N, 62, W, H, N. No, but I know the station, no. You do it on the every chatty. I can swear I was up there in like 75, 75, 65, and the school. I didn't know if you already done a plot. But I, I thought that you on the radio station up there. I guess not. No, sir. 75, I was at W, J, and on Palm Beach in 76. I was at W, K, T, on my way. Thanks, K, T, T. Thanks, K. Thanks, K. Thanks, K. Thanks, K. Thanks. Well, there's a good guy, even if he is from upstate New York City, he goes to show you where you're from. You can't control where you were born. You know, lot of things in life that you can't control. All you can do is just be who you are. You know, be a wonderful person. Be all of these, uh, all of these things. Yeah, especially if you're in South Florida. In fact, if you're a nice person in South Florida, you stand out like a sore thumb. I think this afternoon, I'm going to go into the candy store. There's one right up the street, tomato fact. It's like what you were talking about. It's like that youngman in Amsterdam. That's a chain of places, by the way. Yaman. Yaman. Say a chain of candy stores. Yaman. And I don't know. I don't dare venture into the back of it. You know, it's one of those places where all the stuff is in jars. And you buy, buy, you know, you bag it and they weigh it. You paid by the way. Just like over in a red light, if you could pay by the link. What is that? Oh, we're going to play the candy wrap for this hour. I can't wait here. Yeah, we're play the candy wrap. And then let's just go home. We'll get it. Now what is that? It's the candy man. But we're the favorite candy man. What are your people? What are my people? People? Yeah. You know, we should have eaten them. You can do this. I see. We'll wait until that. Oh, we just gonna play this. Oh, we just gonna play this. Uh-huh. I'll take you to the candy shop. I'll let you know that we're the toys. Oh, we're the toys. Oh, yeah. I'm gonna see the stuff. Oh, I think you two became the shop. Don't even pretend you're mom-mofac. What the heck, I gotta catch that time. What does that have to do with it? I guess you watched a candy now with the Jesus do She put those straw on the can I guess What? Candy man, now what is this? Sounds like cranky railing before season mine You're right about that You're a candy girl What I tell you candy girl, why not my four seasons to water And it says the ranises of you love the sour candy try warheads Everyone have a wedge not lately, but sounds good. I do like sour candy You like sour candy I'm already niggin' Oh yeah, I'll just play that instead of this Yeah, chocolate He can't even say the word right chocolate He's such a moron and then they reelected it Because he did such a fabulous job That's American people for their massacists The more you screw them over and they more incompetent And agree with you are the more they like you Look at the soft floor to look at all the idiots that could get me elected year after you Remember our worst name John Lamello and sunrise? Okay, I think you've croaked in me And you're hope so, let me jealous John Lamello Many played boy playmates have died young Did you know that? No, what do you do now? See it's an educational show for those of you out there you may sayers You gave, sayers These selects have been in the course methods of playboy playmate in 1992 To remember if an exclusive sorority Her death at 39 put her in a more grusely club Playmates who ever reached their 50th birthday Autumn will be a lot of students Drug overdoses Homicide There's that homicides A plane crash all of 10 lives of playmates The cause of Smith's death is still unclear It's sad how many girls we've lost had Peter Gullen To photograph the number of center folds for playboy in the 50s and 60s With the help of his wife In 68, Gallon photographed Paige Young In 74 she was dead of a drug overdose Jane Mansfield, another playmate he photographed During the car crash in 1967 he was only 34 And boy did she have a pair on her Yes, she did It's a curse to be beautiful, Gallon said More than 600 women of Grace Playboy Center folds since the magazine began publishing in the 50s Their lives after the magazine have been both in and out of the spotlight But their limited number in playboy's wide circulation Is meant that the death of one can become bomb shell news Bomb shell baby Who in a bomb agrande Prasty force met the most hit on grabbing death of a playmate Was that of 20 year old Dorothy Stratton Never heard of her, did you? Yes, first months after she began the magazine's playmate The year 1980 she was murdered by her jealous estranged husband Oh, you probably was, she was the playmate of the year and 80 Yeah, playboy founder Hugh Huffner said that he and others never We'd got over Stratton's death The magazine ran a tribute to her and her movies And movies were made about her life There's a picture of her on our wall in here And there's there really Has Gallon seen her Even higher, a 55 playmate was one of more than 550 people Kill went to her line as collided on takeoff at 10 a.m. In the Canary Islands in 1977 She was only 46 more recently Ellen Louise Malego Known as in playboy, her star stole was found murdered at 40 And cruel springs in 1997. I didn't do it Oh, sounds building to me to make her I didn't do it, you did it Yeah, never heard of her Marilyn Monroe, the cover girl for the magazine And I'd really shoot famously that at 36 from 62 over the Also sleeping pills of life, she was murdered We all know that And now that I think that there's new footage of a Jackie and the JFK that they keep showing on all the newscast Which doesn't really show anything except them smiling and Limo a minute and a half before he got assassinated And every one of the narrations on the newscast about this Well, I chose a text-less book to pause the story Where Lee Harvey Oswald shot the fatal bullets and blah blah blah And even though there's a conspiracy theories there is no doubt that As well was the little missaccent Right, you mama right This is the kind of brainwashing that goes out in America This passed off as news Maybe the person that shot this new video is the one that actually killed him Yeah, there you go, maybe it was cock robin Or maybe it was just robin Tiny crew was Carol Wilson 1970, played me to the air club, the agini's all-viden Corrections in the 60s and 70s while still only in their 20s Playmate Willie Ray pictured on playboy's first doctor to the against Was 23 when she'd ride the a die of a drug over 873 Boy 28 year old playmate Elizabeth Bridges died in 2002 after being found unresponsive and bad Oh, there's nothing worse than being unresponsive and bad I don't playboy said you got a natural cause This is but a corner as reports said Bridges died of an accidental drug overdose There have been some that do too much booze in too much drugs Just as in the general population said former playboy entered aggression edgren Author of the playmate book six decades of center folds A page on playboy's website is dedicated to remembering Smith Perhaps Billy Joel should ride a sequel to his song only the good die young Simply changing the last word to beautiful Only the good die beautiful. Well, mess you Vicki photo editor Gary Cole wrote on the Sides blog using Smith's real first name Emotional doesn't like make him on it just breakdown and get all do see and Lucy and Lucy Lucy has busy doing by the way That's he's still dead And so I guess everybody that shows dead Lucy and Dizzy and Vivian Oh, is your name Vian pants in your pants or in farly What William Farley William Farley Frolly William Farley I don't know where the argos William Farley How about Farley grained your man? Well, you better know your low c for a Cuban guy. You should don't know your Lucy stuff. I know his name Lucy 955 votes can sing Bob alluv Bob alluv how Bob alluv Huh Exactly what does that mean? It means anybody who would say this is more honest. What do I mean? 953 during the next hour we'll get our 1000 Chris and he was spot on as they say and why do they say that spot on? Why do they say that spot on? Why do they talk like so stupid? Why do they always do that? I guess that's what it is. Work your way out. It's already 38 and it's going to be 40 today. Holy moly. It's a freaking he way The biggest thing I'm going outside making For me Mr. Moons and I live in it in the world of war now Yes If you just ruin one chance For smoke the little grass You don't need to worry For making racial slurs Or if you're under way Have it to be heard We ask not for exhaustion Or something in it is meant We ask not for for this way So if we're in the same You don't need to worry And just apologize And control your ego Something you know Follow to the 560 We don't have to be too much to do to the other mar Is ass Wednesday? It is Oh no better get some butter Wow Back to him Is it really I thought ass Wednesday was before Easter? Am I getting confused? Can you look at the ass Wednesday? Good Friday You better get one I look at the comments It's been a long time Yeah, looks evidently too long Not a calendar back there Yes We get one day And then the day is watching The birthday Really? It means today's Marty Grubby Well We don't celebrate Washington's birthday And where we did that yesterday With President's Day And everybody at QAM Busman's holiday All kinds of people took off like Was it real holiday? Snackers And then everybody is Wipe your porn You know what Friday is What is that? You'll offer one Oh and I actually And we're talking That's the kind of holiday that I like Georgia Beyond a more 5-video Remember that by the way? George? Yeah I'll be playing music and talking about religion Ha ha ha ha All right Kind of show that parents can really sync her teeth And do it or maybe play a religious music You know this fast that you send me This is really Um I mean there's nothing here It says very interesting article Link below and it's got a link Yeah To a New Zealand You know this long link And of course the only way I would go to it Is to text the whole damn thing Which I'm not going to do it It says the N.Y.P. Closer than we think Check the link Check the link Because the N.S. Closer than we think And that really stink It's very interesting article For me New Zealand paper See I don't want to go on here On a great day like this It's going to be 40 degrees today I'm on a great mood Life is sweet Everything is good And I got a Go on here reading stories about how the world is going to come to an end I don't want to read that kind of story Okay I'll check it out it might be humorous What do you mean check it out? You check it out I said I'm going to check it out Oh you're going to check it out Yeah you go ahead I'm typing it in there It'll take you an hour Go right ahead Have yourself a great time Tomorrow's ass wins day For all your religious notes out there For all your your guesties Yesterday we had one of those really Great calls man We had a couple of them One really great call from somewhere Well the Bible says this He's doing all this little bit of his crap Of course he would know little bit of his from From Leviathan I mean he didn't know what the album is talking about And The Bible says this And the idea of the idea And as soon as I start here in that I say goodbye Yeah I know I'm dealing with the middle of a crazy person And all these years They've been screaming and wailing about this stuff And oh he's an atheist And he's listening to this And he's said in the meantime Take a look at the world today And which we live Take a look at these crazy people It's the Shiites and the Shiites and the Shiites But it would be pretty open He is really the Jews in the Arabs again Good, got me Miss Molly You only think after 5000 years They could cut the crap already And at least agree on what's kosher And what's halal for crying out loud One thing about the Jews in the Arabs They're both circumspect And not to be good at that pig WDQAM hello I got a confession to make Yes If you don't mind I went to Saras for a year And it sucks You went to what? I went to Saras for a year And I gotta tell you the reception sucks Sturns are not funny anymore Well serious, serious Why can't you say it's like I understand it's serious I can't get it out Yes Yeah Saras But you're so liberated And I know that but you're phone so straight That sounds like Paul Harvey Jr But he won't be on long enough to find out Because it's phone with crap And I know what do we can't get serious Is that what we were talking about with serious? No Well serious about the merger But who would he cares? I'm not gonna pay money for radio Even with all the big bucks I got With all the extra cash that I got I'm not buying radio No thanks It would be it's like pay TV I know they still have it Well all of us who have cable Yeah You're paying for it I'm not talking about that I'm talking about it Oh like a premium No no How about you Chris? You watched this paper view crap Nope I was my case We've got a paid listener radio And quite frankly I can hear all about Howard Kasteran For free I don't need listen to Howard Stern Hey Robb, anything else Robb? Anything else Robb? Whatever those days It was kind of like he just refused To go home I mean if this guy who I got I mean with a gigantic money he's making I can understand So I'll think to love you work but when you love it at the point that you want to stay on For whatever and then you have to drag you out of the studio Botally kicking and screaming You know That looks to be a little bit over the, over the top I love it Evidently WQAN Hello QAN WCAP Yes sir yes sir on the top to uh... speaking you are yes i am uh... just wanted to find out about the game what your plan is for the away presidential election what my plan is or what the which way of i'm which way of voting you have to ask me which one of the raco bambas the man sir that's the i'd be a question i'd be a good i would be a man i'm an independent i'd be a hundred percent i'd be with every hundred percent raco he's written he's a smart guy he was against the boulton to be appointed to the uh... he said that boulton was revolving i tend to agree exactly same thing with the robber to the uh... the uh... uh... uh... uh... jahr p's against the war from the stars me warned against it he was right all along that's what we need from the raco's man man well i'm independent i'm telling you filories one i won't go for her from the other side may be july on him oh okay i like rock you're right that's the guy all i know and say goodbye all you know from just a goodbye is a good idea we're probably getting close to a thousand votes on the pool i say moment nine seventy it work creeper long because you know when you get to be all like me and all these other people are voting by being old you kind of like a christian little bit you know you're shufflin you know like rushing over the uh... computer to cast your vote you're taking your sweet time ten votes for my kids are going to stick me in a home well guess what let me stick this i guess that's one good thing about not having any kids is it they've never been around to stick your ass in a home you know you don't want to go and you're kicking and screaming i don't want to go yeah w w q a m hello q a m yes sir you just uh... made me think about when you said you would never pay for radio and walmart the other day by the television and they said as i have two thousand nine there will be no more free TV right do you know that meaning what what does that mean you know you can't get to these stations from the way anymore you just can have to have table or nothing you first take a go to walmart well that they had a sign on the television saying that as a two thousand nine that's pretty big deal you don't have a table and uh... isn't it a little uh... unconstitutional don't you think i don't know that's right in the constitution at TV's got to be free i remember uh... james medicine both that is a matter fact in the fourth amendment member that to one of the bill of rights for president wrote that in the bill of rights he said TV's got to be free remember that so much of the rest of people got to be free yes you got to be free what is he talking about how they're going to cut the signals off over the other all going to be on no coming from a satellite and he was a family and i think that is the open show rascals i should hope that's the work i would say nineteen sixty nine people's got to be free i could be way off on that that would be my best yes is that my best yes sixty it's the most within one the board goes back and it's okay got concentration and constipation i did like that so concentration you didn't know i like concentration it's a it was passed a concentration your ass for a week i think you're part will afford to the country boring and easy nine hundred seventy four votes on the pool i'm not saying a word you know you just every no and then your two colors just flat you know he's out of the will is any he was never in it you know something we have a rascals again no close though beautiful morning oh which reminds me of the parody we got we had a great parody that i love and i never play it because it starts out in such a low uh you know that's moving right i'm sorry it sure is it's a terrorist one it's a terrorist one no you see one of the scourter i was talking to somebody about this yesterday and that is this that whole business with a Jacob do you know i'm a real one all the controversy see normal can't as you know occasionally is very um you know got his thumb on it but occasionally he doesn't know what he's talking about you can put anybody in your world you even have to tell about it someone to put you in my world i don't need your shoe size and all the crap i can't you know where there's a will there's a way i'm sorry i mean somebody could tear the check up you know that's their option there's no problem never the pop won't bother me i'm gonna be dead anyway what am i gonna know right good luck it be insulted but really in dumb as dirt i said like number one in the days is nobody's talking about we're gonna see about inserting that let's get that in there i like the scarier the world she drives my door against me she thinks he's called i wanted my voice on no way i said i needed that lady to dare so i'm just sitting on a pension bill rate waiting for the money by to take me away or just to put on a pension bill rate with my friend i work like it's time to tell my kid question for a friend don't always give you a say all that gotta do together tell us me to do the guy that hurried she must be okay just to hear the rest of my bones when you're in my whiteful leave me alone we built it over and i never win my just wind up stepping through the moll again oh so i said i don't spend you know right it's our time sunny it's our time that was one of the most disgusting of all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all all If I hear any more of this, is this some kind of a plot that you're behind to begin to turn me on to this crack? And then, the whole thing. And then, the whole thing, the problem of that was going to do the first one, you could just object and say, we're relevant, say, you know, say this final. What was happening in the world? Personal relationship with it began in 2000. What does that really mean? Personal relationship? Is that in regard to the old in-out? Is that what they're talking about or what was that? The question was, I don't know. What did that begin? When did it begin? When did it begin? When did it begin? Yeah. Probably about a week and a half after day and a half, before that. And it was inconceivable. That's what I'm upset about. This is the kid died. Now, it never really pissed me off. He could have cleaned him up a little bit, given the shower. We'll be right here. You would have given him the detox treatment. Yeah, I would have cleaned him up. Poor David's a bitch. Absolutely. Where did he survive? My life didn't know about shit. That's when he goes, going, going. Who's going? She got a drive back and that didn't use that power shit. That's when I go, going, going. No, it's going, it's going, going. Don't die, Go, going. Don't die, Go. Love's been very strong and bad. Just know what is. Oh I've told. good.f I'm sure that the most love for a kid over there across the street is because of the fact that he's on opposite me and you know anything that just like the time he went on that other show remember that yeah anything that he can do to you know deep success how are you gonna survive if more is buddies with the city cross the streets of the kid couple of the guys that got bounced out in the york I'm sure they had that in common here's a fact that explains what they got we're talking about which I'd forgotten about this depending on the outcome of discussions in Congress television as we know it may end at exactly midnight the cemeterie for his 2006 wow somebody must have told everybody this is from the MSNBC website okay it's old as you already noticed yeah the cemeterie for his 2006 now that it's over twenty two thousand seven that's the day Congress targeted a decade ago for the end of analog television broadcasting and a full cut over to a digital format so I guess they pushed it up to two thousand nine according to what the other guy said I don't I don't know I mean you slupper's out there with your rabbit ears if you can't afford cable these or they'll pay the bill just send it over to the fair is your right it's what no problem man if in force that means that overnight somewhere around seventy million television sets now connected to rabbit ears rooftop antennas will suddenly and forever go blank unless their own research is special converter box back when legislation was written new year's eve two thousand six probably look safely this is the dark side of the moon but now that date is right around the corner which says what's the date on this thing I don't know does never date on and Congress in the FCC are struggling might likely to figure out what to do Congress I ever left itself a loophole in the nineteen ninety six legislation and could actually let the cut off the slide by which obviously they did it it's slut by but powerful lobby is now pressing legislative to set a date certain for the analog lights out lights out with frank galap I remember that show on Monday nights oh that was a scary show lights out the debate over when the through the switches is strange group of big money high technology home on security in the single unanswerable question just how angry are the couch potatoes going to be it's also a textbook example of the future almost never happens as fast as technologists promise so many people suddenly minutes to meet seven million rameters yeah bear money there are people that living like a rural and the six on the six baby in the six and the poor or you know those weird people that just aren't interested in television not all our sluggish in caracassada so to tell when I drove in the camp for musmal and tanya down to downtown see and everyone those little huts had a tin roof and a little tb and tennontop so they had their little t-we didn't have probably no foodies that night but then of course at night time they go down and robbed the bastards in downtown and get enough money to know about whatever they want a bunch of booze here's a fact that says don't show your age you're talking about satellite radio working is like your parents saying no one will pay for cable satellite blows regular radio away new poll for you think that kneels out of touch oh things that kneels out of touch with and they sent that twice just to make sure that you can't really have just to give me a little stochia satellite blows regular radio away that's why they had emergency other day and between the two of them they got fourteen million subscribers I'm out of touch like you're parents saying nobody will pay for cable my parents didn't say that I never said that either I always love cable I'm all a big cable proponent to make sense because it gives lots of great choices unfortunately satellite radio is you know I mean we got doctor what's your name my name I'm a doctor Laura oh boy and we got a bunch of other Oprah is on here on satellite radio the same crap that you'll find until a bit in for free or for cable whatever so obviously that's one of certain people no question about that but you're at head to send a twice I'm ready for you I'll have a touch things that kneels out of touch with you my response to that is touched this I'm still doing fairly well for an out of touch hold geezer okay I'm not doing so bad I have very few complaints is matter fact I don't know the fact that this business sucks no sciatica no sciatica I have no sciatica I have no recidus bronchitis has like no no water pneumonia I'm just a gout about no no no no no no pout no doubt I've got some fun I do want to scream and chat and twist and shout out the eyes about it you should have seen me do the twist baby and each aha the thought of you dancing it's not working out to well because you brought a rug dancing with the girl I was dancing with she she just kind of gave up you know she kind of looked at what I was doing and she thought like that I couldn't figure out why she kept you know wandering away from me hey it just it just it's more the words personal queen okay I'm not playing anybody I'm playing myself for being the old but class and I was the young class and that's the eyes of her that's what you said yeah yeah I thought you would pay the one by the Beatles which are really pissed me off because of all the people who didn't need to be recording other people's crap yeah there is and like Mr Postman all of the stuff that they ripped off I mean they didn't need to be doing that man look at all the great stuff they don't want to go there and told you guys that's it and I need to go there and be stealing motons stuff my god what is wrong with you people's thousand twenty six votes how did we pass a thousand I didn't even mention it we just breezed on by you know like that like that bitch it the uh wood by me that I breezed right on by but I was that was so rank I mean I can't I can't even there are no words to describe right in the middle of lunch our apologised it was so rank and it really stank god put my ass right in the tank but then of course if you win there it's money in the bank WQAM hello hey I'm called deal yes sir you picked me up cold long time leaves and there from north by any of the little up here the town you mentioned a couple weeks ago uh we're so much all yet this I look away for a wow what you're asking it no one yet well I'll have time to start a 50 uh the 30 to the march and I'll be right now and it reminds me of the days when I grew up in North Miami so I was out of the hall over you know all the New York guys and Jersey and you know it's a different world up here I mean it's like Miami used to me but uh it's you know I've not made the right choice I can tell you that but I just wanted to say a little I haven't heard you in a long time like third y'all and you're talking about all the old restaurants and I enjoy what do you do shows like that but they're a very simple title memories uh uh at that time when Miami was nice throw this all farce right all of the stuff and I I was just I was just I think about serious you know I I looked into that stern deal and you know what it's a place to money because they think for 14 or 85 cents a month they think that I have little boombox I haven't my car this guy takes off more of these on you know and that is really baby's losses you know just a bunch of curse words got to the after this is not that the public is pretty good he's kind of entertaining he's kind of like you know used to be when he used to be over yeah well if it's a safe craft right right is that before he's about you can't even say craft you know he can't even take one yeah but he's pretty good to say is there's a little off the wall I mean he can't I'd be slow stir so start a sense boring he's not really boring I mean I'm a good one as I said talk to you and uh good luck okay thanks Pally don't get old or 2008 thousand twenty nine votes on a pool so that guy's not all in press listen if you like uh XM radio if you like serious if you like satellite radio great if you like a fish go on have a great fish dinner okay uh I'm George he'll pick up the tank though I mean you know I'm not one of those people it's just because I like it there before you have to like it or because I like a certain kind of music you know like it oh boy I think it was already on the buttons oh man that's bad do you like it no not that one that's the can't believe you did that to me I was just right on the verge my my min-dex finger come on just to get fit up near yeah faster one oh two nine and a pool what's our goal today our goal is a thousand I would say but third man we go on more photo thousand thirty that's good enough for these people but that clarances morning comes in here he was sure he was likey kissy kissy I couldn't believe what was that all about yeah a day off isn't good mood I was gonna look at his network yesterday books right gotta give more days off once the next uh kids all look at that talk about my psychic powers kines basketball tomorrow night against virginia but it must be a home game because otherwise he wouldn't be there today probably must be a home game right Chris is at home game who doesn't think about kines basketball step no squad he engineers against exactly all he knows that's all he knows that's all he knows that's all he knows that's the same step that came in at this morning and hoped the juror jump on that monitor when he was on but he he couldn't tell you who they're playing he just knows when he has to be there actually my he must also know where he's gonna be that's right since the plane virginia mar with a banjo underneath it must be a home game for the who he can's and I also noticed that hurricanes baseball is starting up again pretty soon did I dream that or what I've already started this Sunday February 25 inside the batter's box for a kines baseball for you game and the kines versus elan what is elan is there really such a place I know in the beginning of the season they always play a bunch of girl schools you know like buffalo and all these other pansy ecologist what what is elan it's uh sister's a poor part two seriously what's on the set the kines against elan i'm gonna google to do it break i never heard of such a place well they just lost two out of three to the gators is past weekend oh no and i'm free if weekend they took three against UCLA i see well there you i i think i'm gonna come back and do u m baseball again boy i was awesome you know i'm legendary i'm legendary doing the talk show but i was even more legendary though six years i did u m baseball i was sensational and the secret the secret of my success beside the fact that i'm great in legendary was the fact that i had that extra microphone for crowd noise and i stood twisted and tweaked during the game and then the microphone too the ball that explains a lot i twisted and tweaked and of course George was smokey and so you can say b****** bow white on the fuel channel it's a very special look it presidential fuels join us for 21 guns six feet under on the fueler channel then stay tuned for funniest fuels and wacky ass links with all new Paul Bearer break days can you do that i i i think it's coming from inside what open it open it i go around still alive no no it's just me got ya oh that's a good one funniest fuels and wacky ass links has all your favorite variable days still was a loving husband father and gave back to the community he was a volunteer cross-dresser i mean crossing god unsypes like let me start over always a baseball player the odd funniest fuels and wacky he's waiting following 21 guns six feet under tonight on the fuel channel what does that say it's his a correctional facility in north of ralana e-lan is that correct oh no good correctional e-lan University i think i read that wrong i know why they're playing e-lan a private comprehensive co-education i've said the correctional institute why are they playing him because it is the alma mater of gym Morris the baseball coach so he has one the schedule every gave me a break jimmy what is wrong with you who don't want to go see e-lan university who ever heard a such crap you know he will graduated from there give me a clue he hanging on one other coach for you and head coach run freezer no let me coach oh i don't have any idea of the current coach the basketball coach like i would know that and trader jack McEan went there yeah is he still live by the way yeah he's talking to the guys talk about old but now what he hears here's another one this is the one i want me to read the history from news even about the world's coming to win get everybody depressed which i won't do it says had that same radio for you and a half subscription and out a few months ago haven't renewed no reason for it's in if you're in the music with an event of ipod etc but for sports nerds xn series is good or if you're in the national talk radio i think it's here to people who drive from the big sales people truck drivers etc i'm feeling after trying it out not many people will not renew their subscriptions etc how do you like that and of course web talk shows they're going to hear on there other than stern and bubbled love uh... faucet what are you going to hear talk that is not a radio i don't want is an oprient and for me on there all pre and and for me yeah and for me yeah and what about don't forget you're forgetting two of uh... most important to me i don't know what you and don't hear our interlust really part of the is lost we journal paints a picture of any run and the early stages of an energy crisis all my god although long considered energy giant the person got company facing the prospect of an oil output crash within a decade and a major rationing gasoline next oh no i heard a trader parts of a sir actually in vassaline bill spindle rights in the journal this morning that it runs oil production is stagnating demand in the country's high because the government makes the price against the rate cheap at the same time a combination of western sanctions and a ring in policies as discouraged for investment oil fields resulting in a low in production growth the problem is so severe that it runs government shall not at least seven billion dollars on gas imports alone so far this fiscal year how do you like that so they're not all so who that needs them hubman dredman look what a great job we do with that iraciole not in response to honest hoping to expand its production abilities but the west government other sea political implications from the current state affairs in the rain and energy sector Iran's energy was could make it more vulnerable to international economic sanctions spindle rights even many of the officials can see that the long-standing band the u.s. is placed in american world companies working in a man as happy to come to his ability to develop its oil fields adequately a looming disaster it's the master of the zester here by buddy Gilmore on the far outside what are how jackie lee is doing don't want more how we're David i think that the same person i still do the same personality same new yorky sound many mottisine erupts is in the cold battle resumed today you a damn you wish with a live she wanted to crawl inside that space where he was let's start the rap this up i mean let's start the rap it up this is the area you're on a way with just request a judge seems awfully Jewish to me it doesn't seem as very Jewish it's a crazy person would go for some period with who with mr. turn what issue i would like him to both authenticate and i would like to inquire of him as to some tapes that were done of an and a call discussing both her relationship with her mother how about the tapes that were done when he impregnated her i were going to see those are what and today's hearing the settle who gets to bury an and a call smith rower judge larry sidelin sat holy was Jewish told the cram corps they should give her in death the dignity and the beauties he wanted in her life isn't that a lovely one of us and that's sentimental uh said it meant corps recessed about ten forty five this morning is about twenty five people including smith's parents her companion how were casters and next lover larry berkai went to the judges chambers for a closed conference but obviously they're back she's the the first hour the hearing was dominated by back and forth sniping as attorneys jumped out of their seat star you with each other a near brawl it says those have many mimey mobsy any rucks christia barth turns attorney told the court that berkai's attorney Deborah opri i wonder she's kind of win for you opri opri opri she's turned up filling smith during the proceedings opri looked stunned i wonder she's kind of the granul opri opri but did not deny the allegation if there's anything worse than country music i've never heard it she remained tight lived i guess maybe similar rap music sometimes i pop jazz all i jazz all i jazz sounds awfully gay to me she remained tight lit is the judge and mom and star parties to keep the peace keep the peace baby keep the faith and keep the peace just like over the middle east keep the peace before the recessed side leneer jibby wonder cooperated for the sake of five months old Daniel danylin say i can't say right and i don't care smith starder who's a subject of a custody dispute between steward and berkai doesn't sound like a spot on a ship the berkai yet does i say right behind the bulkhead yeah side lino often use calfa line with help ease the tension the courtroom predicted that one day danylin may see the videos of the hearing no one's gonna say anything negative he said amid the big ringloris i need positive vibrations here all he could have gotten brine will soon do that let me ask you brine do you like it take it every one of it have any part there we go all over the world should i raise his baby is my least favorite be for some all i like it i don't read new places all that's the greatest song and that's the best song they ever did that's a piece of genius and i like the pieces of all i like the i like the lot i'm happy for it look on don't don't put it down now i want to hear the rest of the story here the ridden well there we go that's not remind everyone of the child selling a stern to write the baby's name in magic marker on a courtroom is a stern comply right in magic marker you idiot well this is like a old dude he was a crazy person the judge yeah at least he's got a whole ahead he's almost bald at least got a whole like the burp are guys it's like a head mean while i've said a court my parade of gawkers lined up to catch a glimpse of the players in the case the players or at least to get a seat in the court which is over to the public about ten people sign of a 30 hoping to snag one of the few seats like to the groom behind the media David and Linda Pilsaw snowboards from the york noted that the event was quite a specule this places a zoo with so wild they'll they would pilsaw said but others weren't so impressed with the attention the cases brought to for a lot of the a few screamed at the media to get a life get a life i have no life questioning why Smith says with even news a man what's midfans and they kick it up with a story first of all through her fans you know that doesn't surprise me at least i'm here in support of an in a cool stern and especially dandelions had went walker for the day i feel like i knew her personally she was our Cinderella story she went from rags to riches how's Tony Bennett doing i uh thinking went from rags to riches myself and he still can't sing walker brought a lot of it gives during pledging her support in love we're very interested in court cases in general especially this one which is everyone's attention David Pilsaw said was that pillow soft a hordor reporters and some members of the public crowd outside the courtroom uh before the hearing began and school now i don't have time i i want who's here i i'll time he's no she used to buy like reals lives but i appreciate you remind them you have to be saying to not through her case by hearsay or by an after David that is totally foreign the way things will be decided but i'm protecting you taxes so i need a problem and i'll be a dab of maybe when you get back to taxes they're gonna remember your tax let me let me let me ask you let me ask you right this is a joke it's a comedy routine this guy who does stand up stick with every word out of all of them if we can let you this report will be in love you are my little fan i mean like that they're looking at meals will they're during lunch or i'll be damn corsets of 1256 so what i think lunch hour is on this is not a tomb it's the one the two out huh i'm not a man i'm not a man i can be good looking or a bad every age i'm a higher gay or maybe just a look at all my go look friends that i've got so far i'm not a man i'm not a man oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh my oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh