And we ready to start to show you at or what? Give me a high sign or what? Wouldn't it be about yours in the Palatama dream? Hell, it damn there's children now! Now the great stars in the orgian show? Sounds like a straight point back there, though! It's not there in the garden, it's a tattoo of gold! This thing even say, or... You say, honey, cotton, honey, boy! Go where you take them back, it's a dragon! A dragon! No! No! No! That's it! It's not the song you've been to! I've got a whole year down, that I can chew with a fish! I'm thinking of a big road over his fat! You don't need my dispel, it's a tail there it's fat! You're proud! You're proud! Hey! Hey! What? No! You don't have to think that fat ass! She's no out of me to hold it tight! That then she could've shouted out! Who would be to escape from the town? What's all it? Oh, what the hell? Oh, what the hell? Hey, oh, what the hell? What the hell? What the hell? Hey! Hey! Hey! Oh! Oh! 103 at 5.60, it's a huge AM. I've said it once, and that's one of the best ended, at least with the stuff he dropped in there and say, It was a master piece, and what it is. A master piece. It's being a master piece, anybody watch I just asked that a moment ago, your president last night, you're present, did not want to, will not watch it, have no interest? I thought it was damn nice to him to say that all you sluper's out there that can't afford health insurance, he's going to tax your benefits, which is really not. Yeah. I held him a break. Were you starting to sound like Renfield a little bit? No! He's not. All right. Boy, you know what that is. That's baloney! That is. I wish you were the one that was on your yesterday when you were talking about the fried baloney. I never got around the fried baloney yesterday. Everyone, I got went to the store. I had no bacon for this morning. I was moving accopado. So I never had a chance to go to the store or buy any baloney. Oh, well, it'll still be there. Sounds pretty good. Well, I can't do it today. It's so good by one's demand to a clock out behind a here in two shakes of a lamb's tail. There's a stupid ass expression again. When a downshaker out. Here's a really good piece of news, just after morning, since we're so newsy on the show, F's Duke DA charged with ethics violation. I found also accused of withholding DNA evidence in sexual assault case. This is like this was okay. Triple linching and reverse. Yeah. Is what it was. I hate to put it in those terms, but that's basically what it would have boiled out of. Rolling North Carolina. The state bars added ethics charges to be complained about against a prosecutor or brought sexual assault charges against three Duke Lacrosse players accusing him of withholding DNA evidence and making misleading statements to the court. I say, hang his ass. Do a sottam on him. Get the same book from Iraq and bring it over here. Shift it over here. FedEx. Yeah. Sottamizing. The new. Oh no. Back to him. I'll tell you some of you guys, man. I'm obsessed with it. It's been too much time in the office. The new charges by the North Carolina state bar against the Droom. I like that though. I think it's a good line. Let's sottamize. I'd like. In fact, I say, let's look the Lacrosse players. The whole across team line him up with sottamizes. Said Fed over my job. Yeah. The new charges by the North Carolina state bar against the Droom. Kind of be a Mike and I. Fong were announced this morning. Could lead to his removal from the state bar according to a copy of the update complaint. All right. Just this will be done. I will be done as it isn't having to be pitiful. But about all the Getskis all the time. I'm so tired of that crap. I'll have this acute story. It's not really acute. It's scary. It's shocking. Oh my God. What is acute? Las Vegas. Isn't everything in Vegas kind of cutesy? Sure. What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? It's in Vegas. I don't know. Once upon a time back in the day, it actually once crossed my mind. Boy, it's your like to get me a place in Vegas by an apartment out there. You know, near Las Montanius out there in the Higilans. And the more I thought about it is, you know, first of all, I've lose my ass the first month. I'd be broke. And then what do you do? You know what I mean? Oh, the great cheap buffet is first of all, I'm not into cheap buffet. And it's the last thing I need. Now that I'm trying to get stealth, pick it out every day. Right. Anyway, in intoxicated 28-year-old man, apparently broke away a secure area near McEuron International Airport in Vegas stole the luggage cart tug car before being arrested early yesterday. And you know what the tug cars are? The luggage carts. Right. Get tug at once. The ones that tug around the big luggage carts. Mm-hmm. Joshua Schurman is accused by police of breaching two-formative fences at the Quail Air Center around four-clock yesterday morning. He allegedly, we hit Brutal Italia three-thaw this morning. Remember the way he had tested? He was said that's so sad. So sad. He allegedly stole the tug car and began to drive it out airport property. FAA spokesman Ian Greger said the tug damage delight wing of a G-4 golf spin business jet. That's not good. Police said he also damaged the fence before rolling the tug into a ditch. He ran and was stuck by the Department of Bay of Sciences. Sureman was booked on charges of grandlars and he malicious-destructive private property. He hit them on property damage and trespassing all of these things. All of these strings. I like that. So those of you who are worried about security in the airport forget about it. There is no problem whatsoever. The fact that some drooping cocky got on look got about it. That's right. I get about the security because there was nothing. And for the last time I went, I think it was when I was flying back up here. Mm-hmm. Wow. You go to the Fort Latter-to-Lare airport. You better not be hiding nothing in your pantaloonies. I'll tell you that. They, uh, they search. No, seriously. When you go through the security thing, there are certain people including me with my luck. I mean, I really look dangerous. You know, like an old terrorist. Oh, I'm sure you had you look real dumb. Yeah, yeah, that's gotta be it. Look like I saw. They, they, they, they are picking a few of us out of the line and sending us over to another line where this guy is waiting to pat you down. And, uh, I mean, really give you a once over, you know, until even feel good. But they're heavy, heavy, patty. They're heavy, patting and patting. Here's the pull from me as today. Fifty, and I, let me just say this. Okay, just, is a word of warning. You'll see, here's, this could be the last call we ever take. I think you'll be right here. You'll be right here. You'll be right here. Hello. Are you Salam? Salam? Salam? Salam? No, it's not a mine. Yes, Salam. Okay. That could be the last one we were takes. I just want you to know, I have that thing on. It doesn't mean I'm taking any, but it is on. And of course, line one still doesn't work. And QM still continues to be a, technical, disaster. In fact, we should have a big sign when people walked through the, from door there, where we're freaky Carlos's sitting, warning disaster area. I have to be warning, yes, sir. If you decide to go screen listening to people that are missing calls, I got something. What do you mean by that? WM, hello. WM, hello. So anytime someone like that, I mean, it's the call we can just hit that. We're going to have to wear that thing and call it. Okay, good. Very good. Because that's, that's basically it right there. That's pretty much a medley of the people I call this station and they're showing out of the station. That's the sports callers. That's another way. Hey, you think the AKs can win the Panet. You think the no coach is going to get the knock and down on a separate ball. What do you think? Yeah. What's your take? What's your take? Like on the bull. Yeah. I got to take on the bull. I had about three of them this morning. Anyway, get back to a business. Can we get back to the bull on the bull? 1541 votes. Other than, and if I sound like I'm extraordinarily good mood this morning, the reason is because you are going to go in. That's it. And it's wood by Wednesday at the top. But I'm going to find me. I've good my sheen man. And I'm going to win some real serious money. Maybe I should play the megabucks for 4.4 million. Oh. Other than the government, who is effing you the hardest right now? I've probably insurance company for 105. But now that you have to, that break you out a few bucks off. I heard man. Oh, you know what I said. The world company stood in 28. Price oil is dropped like a rock off a tall building. And yet the price again has still outrageous. Unacceptable. That's what I'm thinking. Forget it. My health insurance company, 159. No life favorite now. The new one is. That's blowing. Yeah, five blowing. If we can get her saying that's five. The new one that will have it made us shape. My health insurance company 159. My employer slash boss on Britain 12. You know, don't most people resent the people that they work for. I mean, you know, it's just, it's just the way it is. I guess. I didn't resent the Casper. I didn't resent the situation. I didn't like it. For me I didn't like it. And I wanted to have the face and dirty Lauren. So those were the two guys I worked for that we answered prevent should say that but said maybe losing love you said. But yeah. But I wasn't making too much money back then. I didn't resent him. He was a good guy. Always Jewish. The media 73 my power company Florida Plunder Leard 65. I hate this pool. Only 61.9% I credit card company 60. A lot of choices on his pool. My spouse 59. My homeowners and or condolous association 54. I've actually Jordan Hoder for that. So, starting to really goug you. So, the drug company is 45. My ex-spos partner 35. I know which one you voted. My cable set. Ha ha ha ha ha. One of my, of course, in fact, the only course I've got that's on the, the course sponsor me on the aim, instant messaging thing. AOL's the messaging. Yeah. He was asking me about you and about, is your plate really that bad? I said, uh, yes. My cable set like this provider 32, my girlfriend, 25, my internet service provider 22, my bank 17, my kid 17, my realtor eight, my doctor eight, hey doctor, how come I got blue lips, doctor? My preacher rabbi, uh, other schmatha hit, uh, getchky seven and my stock broker, a soul-manteed dose. So, a ton they do a, so what I say, so ton they that's as well. What I'm trying to, I'm trying to do. So, ton, so. See, what I want to link with you is man. He knows that a tiny and about 10 words. He knows about 20 words. That's fine. The old. Wow, pretty soon he's going to be turning Japanese. How do you like that? 800 nine votes on the poll today. 80 nine. What sucks most about a m radio? This is another one I was saying is as is the one going to be for tomorrow, which George will change the poll at five or six or whatever. Chess. One of your little thing buzzes. What sucks most about a m radio? Too many stupid right wing talk shows, 109. Too much signal interference from other stations. 130 and how that's done. That's a m radio for you. Too much static. Oh, that's 130. I think two and three there are like, you know, fairly close, little, little swap over, like the signals. Not enough meal one 13. It should be me on every station and a m would be great. Too many Spanish languages, Stasiones 103. That is really. It's great, you blick. And it's also. That's blowing. Too many bad shows 74. That's what I voted for. That's the problem a m radio. I mean, great. You've got all of the above static in this crap, but if there's a good show on, people will, they will make the effort to sit through all the BS if they want a good show. Am I right? Yes. Wait till we start doing some good shows. Too much sports talk has got. But turn man. God. Oh, brother, is that the truth? No good music 21. Who wants to listen to music on a m anyway? Salsa gets coming through a strainer. And I hate this poll only 11.1 point 3% so one of our aquatic polls, also just is, you want to be, that's a feather in your crap, man. That is really heavy duty. Only 1.3% I hate this poll as mighty low for this very picky crowd. 1013 at 5.60 QM, here's the skids that we've got the mad dog again today from 2 to 4. Is he on all week this weekend? Two weeks in a row, all week. Oh, really? And moly. The power hour with Hank and the mad dog for the five, Hank in the Bahamas at five o'clock, punching his guts out and no down, seven o'clock at hurricane hotline, the game works in South Miami followed by any K when people are still awake. Nine o'clock at night. Well, I sure glad that the any K is still stuck around. He's on there like hours when people might be awake. Are we happy about that? Yes, we are. No. So, Rydian, dumb asters. Thursday night on ESPN, 4207. It's the WCSS. The world class is he sale out, slap down. Senator Harry, the really mouth read, they seize off with Joe pushes bitch, weaver men. Well, go ahead, start slapping. Hmm, tell me, you have to slap my belly. Oh, I wouldn't want to defend you in any way. Oh, it's all right, part of the game we play. Well, if you insist, hmm, or excuse me, but now you're supposed to slap me back, right? I believe so. Let me protect with my decision on your parents. Hell, all miscarp Residion. Could I slap Harry read in the belly? Hmm, yes, there are. Oh, no, just one other thing. Do we still have the tent of clob from me to buff your shoes with my tongue saying, use their, hmm, I love you too. Okay, Harry, she'll need soft white under belly. Okay, ow. Can we go home now? It's 10, 19, at five, 60 WQAM. That's right, almost Valentine's Day is coming up. What is today? 20 is a 24, yeah. So seven and four, three weeks from today, I believe, Valentine's Day. Hmm. What is this message you got here on Valentine's Day? It's supposed to be an ad. Be ready for several events, conferences, scheduled around the state. Oh, so it's some kind of a come on. Well, I'll be doing it. I don't want to. No thank you. I'll pay Al Paso. So anybody out there watched the president last night? No, you're president, not my president. Anybody interested? No, 1145 members on my space. You should be at that. That's pretty impressive. It is. You think so? Considering those are people that, you know, solicited, they did us. You solicited, they did us. Yeah, we didn't solicit any of them. And I will say even this, since I have such a great sense of humor today. And that is that, you know, the Ojo Ampervoca 2 out there that's been playing with my emotions like first. Well, not the first one. That was a separate. I was like a real person. But like, huh? And then it was Ethan, you know, that kind of crap. Good taste with the pictures anyway. You have a real good gay eye. Yeah, gay eye. Yeah, gay eye. Yeah, gay eye. Yeah, yeah. You got to fool anybody, okay? Perfect. Anyway, there are a lot of perfects out there. And it's nothing wrong with that. Some of them are even like. Many of them. They're even 45 votes on the pool today. Let's take a peek at it. We got a thousand like even Chris believes that. No sweat. Definitely. What sucks most about AM radio. Too many stupid right wing talk shows on 97. Of course, we apologize for the redundancy about stupid right wing talk shows. Too much signal in a French mother stations 1.46 and too much static 1.38. I don't know what the differences between those two and again. I did not create this pool. I just stuck it. Another not a meal 1.18. Meals should be on every station and they all have an 80 sure. Too many Spanish language stations, however, 9. Too many bad shows, 80. That was my vote and I think that's the correct answer being the programming made from that I am. That's one of the reasons that not too many people listen to. I'm radio because most of what's on it is strictly positively and absolutely. That's the answer. That's what I was looking for. Crapo. Too much sports talk 31. No good music 21. And I hate this pool. Solement they only say only 1.2% lunatic. Wow, was this man linguistic or why? He's an expert, pervert. Voters give mayor more power. First rated by repeated scandals in Gulf and County Hall in recent years. Dave Voters gave mayor Carlos Alvarez, broad new power yesterday. To manage the county's sprawling bureaucracy and the officials are one of the reason they gave more powers because his name ends in Z. Remember, Mr. Z? No, I'm trying to forget him. Oh, yeah, from the track, yes you do. I remember one of the stockers at the track. It's Mr. Z. Oh man, everything people hate about New York City. That was him. Mr. Z would have to, oh, geez. He was like Woody. Oh boy, that's going to be really bad about not taking Harvey and he calls in the future next two years is not being able to talk to our good buddy Woody. You know, the good news is I don't see the phone run during it anyway either. There's a couple. What do you mean? Can't see. I don't know. I would have to go reset this computer. Oh, don't worry about that. I already took that one call. I remember what that was. It was like who? It was one of the one of him. That was him. What did they go? I couldn't even hear it. The victim we have Alfares's strong mirror plan, a review of the county commission, will make him want to start photos, most influential, leave his bringing policy, weight, and political hefty when office that was really more than ceremonial. With all ballots counted, a voters passed the measure 57 to 45 percent of the last night. Turn out was a mere 14 percent. And of course, it's easy to fix it when his almost nobody shows up, you know. Thanks to the voters, we just passed the most important legislation this county seen. And 50 years Alfares said, speaking to about 500 to Porta Sherley, before 10 o'clock last night, at St. Timothy's Cat Lake Church in Kendall. Let me tell you about my experience. I'd bat his hospital in Kendall. I better not. That was when I had the mono mono mono. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, long ago I was at the WD snooze and I was living in Kendall. I then mind living in Kendall and took out two congested. It was the end and nobody's speaking in glaze. It was because both of those things. That's below me. No, it's true. Crystal doesn't care the way I understand. Even beyond that, though. Yeah, it's a little bit soft. Crystal? Crystal? Crystal? Crystal? Crystal? You said, Crystal lives in. I didn't know your wife had moved out. Okay, you don't have to be spotted. Okay. This is not a politician signaling for a change. So Alfares, pedal should all be a young guy's out there. Don't ever get married. Okay, just ask George. You give it a little bit of a vote. Do not do it. Just keep getting whatever you want. Of course, she's making more money than you and you're going to get a divorce. And then try to get an alamoni like that. That's the case. That case. You're too low and getting married. You're not going to get a dime. Are you kidding me? You gave a low. He suffers from lack of ambition as well. I heard. Be like a woman for a change. And take some money from them. Well, I'm trying to do that last part there. This is not a politician signaling for a change in Alfares. We've made the Stromer referendum as top initiatives. It's elected in 2004. This was the people speaking loud and queer. He said, they've taken the expected, the, what does that mean? It's had an expected victory. It was Type 5743%. He was Alfares powered a higher and farther county manager as well as directors of most of the Government 66 departments. I don't understand that. Type is 5743. Jesus, God, these people have a terrible day on no tight. Let me tell you. Bracdom. He also gains broad authority over day to day management of the county 6.9 billion budget and 30,000 employees. How many? About 30 men. The ball is in the mayor's courts of Councilman Chairman Bruno Barado. Is there anybody who's speaking in grace who's in the political office and debate anymore? I used to be all the Jews and all that's all the Julios. The opposition's votes, visible spokesman Bruno said, I will work with him. Sit down with him when he's available to hear his plans. What he wants to do, but he'll be put a book that will be bought. In fact, they're going to get a twin holder at the county commission. He's going to sit down next to him. Hopefully not make too much noise. Alfares, Burrell, and County Manager George Burgess, quickly reinstated public meeting. Ten of clock this morning. They're probably meeting right now when surprised me. They're having a big powow. They're big confab. They're big go whatever. Big Symes. Let's see, New York Times has an editorial on the state of the Union. Marine does got a lengthy comment where she uses the word, what is your patch meaner? Sorry, is that like a flower? I'm going to look that up during the break, maybe if I have time. Please, patch meaner. It's something that's like something you wear. It's a piece of female clothing. Like a piece of clothing. And she's got all that or cuckolded. Oh, cuckold. No one was gilded or cuckolded or left to bleed on the floor. She's talking about the state of the Union. I'm just kidding with that. And I'm very pleased about that. It's pronounced cuckolded. Trust me, I know. From experience. You're right. Plenty six past ten at your cuckolded station WDQAM. If one day we'll never get that movie, I don't get how many day go get you. What? Great fall. Come on. I'm German Irish. Well, let me tell you something. My crowd, Nick, friend. I'm going to make so much trouble for you. You won't know what it was. Come and lawyer. I have not threatened. I know almost every big lawyer in New York who to hell with you. On the next episode of Even Side, you ate love luck. Gentlemen, well, as your consultant, yeah, I call this meeting to help bring our overall ratings down to a more manageable one point too. And now, excuse me. There seems to be something moving in my pan. No, what are you doing in my pan? Thanks, Greg. It's dark and smelly in there. Here. Let me take you out and place you on this table. Thanks. Can I play with your ass tray? Oh fine. Now, Bruce Beesley is here all the way from Fort Myers to install his radio wisdom upon us. You have the floor, Bruce. Why thank you, Mr. Reed? Hi, everybody. As you know, our goal is to achieve nothing by narrow cast and only sport. For now. You're a better eight month week to do about that meal robbers. Since this show is the one I enabled us to broadcast anything at all. But that short little, you been fairly short. We haven't eaten no meal robbers. Now, despite his consistently high ratings, he's got to go over a second. Now, everything we try to do now hasn't worked. So I propose that when meal has his days off, we use this contraption. I brought along with me here. It's called a wax cylinder machine. Friend the bond Mr. Hammy invented it a few years back. Wow. What we've done here is made up for our long cylinder loop. That's guaranteed to drive most of the audience away. What you do is you're turning this here. Greg, can't hear us see. We're not even able. We're not even able. We're not even able. That is a tough job. You're a good. Yeah, are you fun? Yeah, are you fun? Yeah, are you fun? You turn it up. Laco, Laco, I can see the numbers falling down. Yeah, I can see the numbers falling down. Yeah, I can see the numbers falling down. Yeah, I can see the numbers falling down. Yeah, I can see the numbers falling down. Yeah, I can see the numbers falling down. Yeah, I can see the numbers falling down. Yeah, I can see the numbers falling down. Yeah, I can see the numbers falling down. Yeah, I can see the numbers falling down. Yeah, I can see the numbers falling down. Yeah, I can see the numbers falling down. This is that if you like to fried bologna that even better than that, that's bologna. Is fried more to della. Okay, that's never tried. I never tried to fried more to della. I do love more to della. You know, you've talked about spam and diarrhea with you that it's not for humans. Are you going to see more to della's like spangledob? We'll talk about frying things when you fry the spam. It actually makes it okay. Okay, you know. Ooh. Wow. There's only one other thing I've heard about eating in the last 24 hours. Less palatable to me than the fried spam and I can't tell you what it is. Okay. Okay, the editor of the New York Times today, it says the White House spin and had a George W. Bush's seventh day of the U.S. was that the president would make a bipartisan call to be five his domestic agenda would bold and innovative concepts. The problem with that was obvious last night. In six years, Mr. Bushy showed no interest in bipartisanship and his domestic agenda was said years ago when huge tax cuts for wealthy Americans had crippling debt for the country. Combined with the money cost of the war in Iraq that makes boldness and innovation impossible, unless Mr. Bush truly changes course and he gave no hit of that last night. Instead he offered up a tip at many of the ideas that would change little and health insurance notion that would make only a tiny dent in the huge problem while promises about cutting oil consumption with barely a word about global warming and the same looks to be about immigration reform on which he has failed to deliver. The Times, Mr. Bush's out of almost as if he got in the message of the 2006 elections, our citizens don't much care which side of the aisle we sit on as long as we're going to be crossed out of the aisle when it's work to be done, he said. But we've heard that from Mr. Bush before. In early 2001, he promised to bring Americans together instead in Barthons, irresponsible tax cuts, a divisive right-wing social agenda, and Neo-conservative foreign policy that took up international treaties and alienated even America's closest allies. In the wake of 911, Mr. Bush had a second chance to arrive at the country in the world, only to squadron on a pointless catastrophic war in Iraq, a catastrophe, a disaster. Mr. Bush promised by partnership after his election in 2004 and again after Katrina, always he failed to deliver. He didn't even mention New Orleans last night. When Republicans controlled Congress and the White House, Mr. Bush's only real interest was the making the majority permanent, consultation met telling Democrats what he had decided. Neither broken promises nor failed policies changed Mr. Bush's mind, so the nation's been settled with tax cuts that have turned a budget surplus into a big deficit. Education reform that's been badly managed to underfinance, far-right judges with scant qualifications, the visc-manly regulations in order to benefit corporations at the expensive workers and a triumph of ideology programs that would mean going up against the arms industry and slobby as something Mr. Bush has never been willing to do. Mr. Bush almost certainly didn't intend it but the speech did reinforce one vital political fact that it's not just up to him anymore. There was a big change last night to the audience. Instead of solid Republican majority's marching in Laugh Step with the White House, Congress is now controlled by the Democrats. It'll be their task to your leadership to a nation that desperately wants change and expensive from leaders to work together to deliver it. The Democrats' challenge will be to form real coalitions and willing Republicans if they do, Mr. Bush may be even forced finally to compromise. Say what you will about the flaws and shortcomings of the two-party system after six years of the work presidency, at least we know it's a lot better than the one-party system. Thank you, New York Times. Ripping him an ass. There's John Kerry speaking of ass. I don't have a report. I don't have a report. I'm not saying he might have put him on because he's a coma-inducing wagon. I voted for him and so did more people than voted for Bush but as we saw the point, the election was rigged. Get used to it. Rigged elections. What is the story about that Mike Nifeong? Warren County District Attorney Mike Nifeong. You don't understand guy there. I don't know who that is. That's not him but the guy with a glass is that's not Mike Nifeong. Is it? I don't know. Maybe he's a father-gagan. It does a little bit. Maybe he's been resurrected father-gagan. He's written a written from the dead. I know it man. Most Catholics can arise it up. What is this that somebody just said? More time to cross safely in Del Ray is urged. Carol Marter who lives west of Del Ray Beach, contact with the sonson about safety and crossing, busy Atlantic Amhert, reach a place of worship. Oh my God. Marter said that on the Sabbath and holidays residents of Skye and Marlon O'Connor condominium communities put their lives in danger. If you put your life in danger, you might get hit by a stranger. You don't want him to think of that? That's more to Del Ray. Although there are traffic signals east and west of the area that pedestrians use to cross Atlantic Amhert or which is Delights one which is at Legends' way could be time to give her and others more time to cross. As they're slumping across the street very slowly, she said it driver recently passed her with an interest. If pedestrian cross button would have a lot of shame. If pedestrian cross button would not have murder in this situation because of religious police do not allow the manipulation of electricity. Oh, how do you like that? That means they can't turn the lights on. You can't pass the alarm with the lights. What if you use the stick? Well, I tell you where to stick. I don't think of that. So when you're crossing the street to Del Ray, what if you can just put just dark right across there, okay? Just roll it. Just do a roll over right across the street. Just have somebody slump your cross. They just drag your tower to those Sodom ropes, those Sodomy ropes. 917 votes on a pole by the way. Not too shabby. The big thing that he has radio station is he really is kind of a silver rock. Do you want me? No. No. Go. Go. The way you wear is his head. That's still a lie still. But you'll make you feel like a child. All get ready for more Donald Trump, his fancy pad house sweet. His pedicure to feed. I want to go hell of a gun. On the apprentice to win Donald Trump, who will be the same since the long roadside, which they bring back sale. No matter who makes it true, Trump won't give a damn. He'll make him look like swine through Jordan, Caroline. He'll make him want a job. Yet, that's the magic day to fall Trump. On 248 pounds long. All his arms on a feisty. He's back on your seaweed. He's got a big hole in the ground. Back on all the heat on cam because he's known Trump has showered little seeds. Still wins your last team. And when he hits the throne, he comes back strong because he's gone strong. We will never know why it would be like to have a boy who holds. Or to be in bed with that hot morn you can now. All the way he wears his hair. That's feeling good like this. He'll make you feel like to charm. All he has is maybe more more Donald Trump on 248 pounds long. 1046. I'm in the 40 votes. 10,000 miles right through the middle of the dial. I don't know. I think it's the best AMC in the entire state of Florida. I was working at night though until I got a force in to pull me on the day time. I was working at midnight and boy, that's signal at night time because it's about 85 different towers. I would be hitting the home which at that time I lived in the Pembroke Pines and Bill's Lakes. I'd be hit at home at night and Bill Carter would be out of midnight. I couldn't hear the station. I would head out to park a lot and take my right turn and I couldn't hear the damn station. So anyway if you're wondering what's wrong with AM radio 940 votes on there. I want to show you the WI and Z has been turning into all of those different things. First day that was a key channel man destroying radio as we knew it. That's the same thing wrong with the AM radio. It's corporate ownership. Let's put that on there. All right. Corporate ownership man, cheap channel. We don't have to put cheap channel owners specifically but they are the anti-Christoprater radio. WDYNZ was our FX Fox sports and then Schlagan. It fact, what was it before that? Because remember Rick and Skudrider in a morning and Mr. Ego and they tried to make it into like a local top station. You realize I want to send it to this right now. Okay. Market down right on your limb wrist. Okay. Yeah, this show, I'm trying to think though, I mean FTL doesn't count as naive in the market. It's just like a palm beat or something like that and they have like a point something. Point oh oh oh. Oh, that was. There's no other non-sports top show on the radio and south floor than data-brower. Am I right? No, I know that. For what other? And it's just done that man. I must be very slow. You know I must be slow. Maybe too much fried more to tell it. You think that the market would be wide open for a local top station? There is not one other local non-sports top show in south floor. I'm in of course I'm talking about non-synician. I'm not talking about rush and all other right wing cramp. I'm talking about a local non-sports top show. We have no local. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. What do you think? Oh my god. Wow. So anyway, Marie and Dan's got the word she's got not only cuckolded. How is it cuckolded? Cuckolded. What does that mean? When your wife cheats on you, you're a cuckold. It's a kind of creature. She was gilded or cuckolded. Well, we get to our little minute. But she also, because she always uses these words in there. We're trying to pronounce right on what they mean. And again, knowing the rocket scientists that I am and the National Honor Society, a student that I was 400 years ago, I'm supposed to have been a genius. What happened? The passion mean is almost generic name for accessories made from a type of mole here. mole here. Oh my god. Now I know where he got that piece. It was a passion meaner. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, here when he appeared in the walls he was, who was looking? In his room, out of the window there was an array of stars in the block, and imagine the scene that was supposed to be before Tarmas, will he ever be? case reports I mentioned earlier are you far now and you're here in front of him andAMA has here one, will he ever be alive? I'm afraid, oh that's dangerous, let's not, be careful. The Secretary, as former allies, brutally turned on one another, despite W.U.s. attempt to salvage his presidency last night by changing the subject and going all domestic sensitive, Washington was more consumed with betrayal than substance. The city was riveted by opening statements in the Scooter-Liby trial where the aspins were turning but not in clusters. Scooter's lawyer claimed that the White House had made his client a scapegoat in the Valerie Plankage to protect her overall because boy genius's W.U. calls him was critical of a keeping in Republican party in power. The letter of the 2006 debacle of White House might have been better off saving Scooter and making Carl the Fall guy. Vice-cut an extra dose of unflattering line, led him in the debut issue of the political iconical hope publication, and an interview with Roger Sommen, John McCain stopped panning to the White House long enough to land-based dig-chany for stirring a witches' brew of terribly mishandled war. What took the brave senator so long? The president was in too much to the vice-presidently, said adding, of course the president embarrassed the element responsibility, but he was very badly served by both the vice-president and most of all, the secretary of defense. At a critical hearing yesterday, senators happily blew a chance to grill a ten-a-general David Petrae as W.A. choice to try to rescue Iraq and whether those 21,500 additional troops will be cavalry to the rescue or lambs to the slaughter. Lightroll on the most consequential elements of American strategy when they can linger over something even more repurposed, their own political reputations. Swellerate Clinton, who dodges the recent important Iraq hearing by a flying doorwrapped in and have any questions of off of the general, she simply lectured and crisply on her related discovery that the administration has a dead end and a blank-shaped policy as she tried to seem like the kind of gallow could command the most powerful military on earth. This is off from someone who is running in commercials on a website promising a conversation. In their question, a senator, Julie Grimman and Mr. McCain seemed most interested in listening to General Prestige for their own campaign, or to discredit colleagues in both parties who are tired of passively watching W.A. disaster unfold. If the Senate sends the additional troops to the conveys of belief they can't succeed, Mr. McCain asks, what effect does that have on the morale of your troops? It would not be a beneficial effect, the General replied. Senator Julie Grimman also asks whether the Senate resolution is pressing this approval of the surge will give the enemy the Iraqi encouragement that the American people were divided. General agreed, that's correct, sir. He said. I'm so very correct. Much of the rest of the hearing was spotted in the tense by Democrats and Republicans who criticized the Board of Gives the General to back away from his opinion that the troops would be hurt in the enemy and boldened by any impediment that the legislative branch might throw at W.A. Onerable people have different views and they'll voice their criticism and try to John Warner who presented a bipartisan resolution on Monday declaring that the Senate disagrees with a plan to augment our forces. He told General Patreus that his president Nixon's secretary of the Navy had set where the General was just to find another impossible war. I hope he warned the witness that this colloquy is not in trap you in some responses that you might later regret. In other words, as we would say to Greg Reed, liar, liar, you're pantalooies around fire. The fact that Senator Warner attacked the surge in a formal way means that a substantial majority of the Senate are willing to stick their next out. It's just like Saddam Hed, who at the beginning of a slow-processing procession of limits spending on the war and rain and Mr. Bush. As one doesn't a job interview, the General tried to oblige everyone after getting cut in a political mind field, he demurred that he had learned that mind fields are best avoided and gone around rather than walk through. The poor man, he probably thought that he came all this way to talk about how to fight the war, not to talk about, not how to talk about the war. What a good reading right up until I last said, well, that's like blowing a punch line in the joke, you know? It's really good right up until they're very, very innocent. That's below me. The innocent. Hey, listen, trust me, it's not. Okay, it's not Oscar Meyer. Let me ask you a question about that. That's second thought, maybe I better not. 960P votes on the poll not to Shabby, man. And we had corporate ownership, too. Corporate owner, look at that China crankers. What does that? 15% of all global road fatalities. And the government says, most are called. What kind of a voice is that? Besides one that doesn't belong in here, one of those constipated British sounding voices, you don't want to hear that. In North America, okay, we don't want to hear constipated sounding brids because they give us the schmits. The beginning, so best talent to be this is, you know what I mean? That's the law. Pretty much like a 60. You a, and that's the. This is the new logic, shall. That's the law. This is your point. Look at any questions. Do you know, I'm Lady Jobs. I'm not making Bill Airport based in Tampa. The Central Command Center for Wars, we wage in the Middle East. With me is General A. Oh, is that it? Yes, her first initial A. Oh, I see. Okay, I'm surrounded by impressive, but very clean control panels and viewers screens. It doesn't look like I'm going to get to dirty here. You'll feel plenty dirty when you're done. Explain what we're going to do. Okay. We're going to, uh, we're not a palm Somalia and start with called a proxy war Somalia. Since winter day at threat. Not a threat. We just got worried. They got oil. I should have guessed the president ordered this. Yes, sir. Is any supposed to ask Congress first? Yeah. Okay. Okay. We deployed an AC 130. It's now approaching the target. Now, what is the target? Oh, just something that since a million is trapped. Oh, that's not right. I don't know. Don't know. Don't know. I don't understand why to say it's an Alcatanist sound. There's something like that. Great. Well, what exactly is my 30 jobs today? I don't think I've pushed that gold button when I get the oil. This button here. You're certain? Push it now. Nice. See, that's green over there. The green's great. Yeah, we just fired a part of that bill. I'd say there's so plenty or so dead. Include one little boy. See there, take a look. Our sidelight zoomed in on the boy's green and mother. Make sure. That's a lot of hours. Don't worry. You all right. I think it will run a few. What? So, prefaces, cosarines, the gold. No, that's a 30 job. It's 11.025, 60W. You can have a Wednesday, too. Mad Dog, a two and then the power hour, then the Humper Act of Goldstream. What happened? Did I read that wrong before? Well, that's right. Tomorrow he's in the Bahamas. I was reading the Mars schedule. Well, I'll be there. I'm trying to push the weekend ahead. You know, I'm trying to make it in the Thursday, when that he's doing. I'll be there. Humper Act of Goldstream 5 to 7. That's a pretty case of the 10 night. Yeah, right tomorrow's schedule on there. And Clarence didn't come running and saying, what's he reading on here? That's not the schedule. He didn't do that to me. No, Miguel, did. Good morning. Yeah, so what's the correct one next time you read it wrong? Miguel, really did? Yep. But I didn't hear you the first time. And I didn't hear you this time yet. You're saying, because you're not paying any attention, because there's sports shows. And you want to participate, because you're a hard ass. That's all. What? I'm going to send votes on the pool. Now, somebody's got another category for the pool here, which I think is an excellent choice. Too many religious station. Oh, yeah. Which I would say, oh, you've a great. It's just great. They'll go. That's right. Too many them get these stations. Too many religious stations. A.M. has become a cacophony of swillers. What has become? See, I'm old enough. I don't know if I'm old far. I remember that A when A.M. used to be great. W.L.S. W.A. B.C. W.R. K.O. W.B. Z. W. C. K. L. W. All these things. In fact, it wouldn't surprise me if I got some C. K. L. L. L. Of course, we do have some C. K.O. W.A. W. C. K. L. W. W. Yes. New. New. C. K. L. W. M. T. S. From 77 W. A. D. C. Go. Gold. So, I mean, you know, the punks today. They can't imagine there were once upon a time. Everybody listening to him because F.M. In the first place didn't exist. Never, and finally did exist. Although F.M. was always there, but there was like, in fact, when I was a kid, I had this big table model, Philco radio, big white radio. Okay. And it was A.M. F. M. In short wave. Yeah. And you could hear like, radio, Moscow, and all this really, the voice of American short wave. And it was really, it was kind of something like our signal today, you know. I had a little short wave set there for underwater. And on F.M. there was just, I don't know what that was on. There basically nothing. Like maybe classical music or some crap like that. Ninety-three on the pool. We're going to have a thousand before the Obama there. Or maybe after the next break. There's your president again. They're all high five being in shaking hands. They ought to be like spinning in his face saying, you butcher. Yeah. Murder where you lunatic. And it said, they're all, ah, ah. That's a miracle for you, man. It's very sad. Here's some good news, though. Democrats took the first step toward a wartime or pdation of president Bush today, convening a Senate committee on employment of additional troops to a single, the plummet of additional troops to America is not that in the national interest. Well, this is also chopped off. Well, as you know something it's CNN. There's nothing I can do about that. All I can do is the best I can. In addition, which for the price that the audience has paid me here the show, which is nothing, whatever they get. Look at that right direction 67% wrong direction 27. Bush policies will move country and the speech watchers. Oh, brother. Of course, you know who the people are who watch the speech don't you? That's right. That's right. Who kisses ass. We better be damn sure we know what we're doing all of us before we put in the Senate. The Senate is a two thousand more Americans in that grinder. Said Senator Chuck Higgler of Nebraska. Senator Joe Biden to Delaware, the panel of Chairman said the legislation is not intended to embarrass the president. It's an attempt to save him from making a mistake with the regard to our policy in our rack and other mistake. Less than a month after taking a tour of Congress, there was little doubt that Democrats had the votes to prevail. The full Senate scheduled to begin debate on the measure next week. Although Biden said he's willing to go she changes and the adiati out of whatever. So there you go. So the finally starting to stick it to it. Now, okay, stop the butcher. We've stopped the lunacy now. If those schmothands over there want to kill each other, let him have a good time. It's just like in the Middle East. The same thing. If he is really send the Palestinians want to kill each other. Hey, have a good time. Gaggers in their head is they saying China. Right. Is that what they say? Well, the work by the way, he's got a buddy in China that he can confamulates with on what? Yeah, who messenger? You're on Yahoo messenger? Just for that occasion. You better not stick your nose in my Yahoo messenger when my buddy is there. And of course, we're not doing that. We're doing that at the aim. Now, we aim to aim my chat cup run if over. So don't worry. Yeah, well, don't go be trying to interrupt there because I'm getting all of stuff about more to Della and fried. That's below me. Yeah, stuff like that. Important stuff. Anyway, let's get back to it. Let's get back to business. Okay. 11.06.05. 60 WQA. 1145 members on the mice facing. But that's really amazing. Let me just make a little statement here just in the side. It's not a big deal. Well, to me, it is a very big deal. But I've got all these naysayers out there. Everybody's an expert. And I'm including some people that I know. Some of my close personal friends who have said to me, oh, nobody ever makes a friend on my space, online. Like that, you know? Anyone know what my response to them is? That's below me. That's my response. I got two wonderful friends on their two great friends, two close, so close that it's almost embarrassing. And it's a major miracle. So actually, there are some nice people in South Florida. And you have to sit through about two, three thousand and you're fine. Why do you two nice ones? Seven is a good word. There are a lot of nice people that have been on our thing there. Believe me. Trust me. Nice messages. People who are looking for years and years. And it's a wonderful answer. You're going to answer every one of them. Very briefly. Well, I'm not going to spend hours every day. I don't have my time. I don't have hours every day. I'm too busy on a day in a well instead of messaging. It's okay. I don't have time. And it also keeps you from eating. Do you ever stop thinking about that? I'll be talking about calling. Yeah. You're going to be fine. You're going to be fine. You're going to be fine. I'll be okay. I'll be fine. I'll be fine. You're going to be fine. I'll be fine. Yeah. How are it? How are it? It's good news. What a slime ball he was. In fact there are always... I don't think there's such anything about here about his... ...a lead's rule. Oh yeah, it isn't here. E Howard Hunt, an enigmatic figure in 20th century American political sub-defuge, has died at the age of 88, the AP says, boy 88, see the people I came with, the 88. Hunt and by the Keeble and the Watergate, who's held breaking, they led to the eventual resignation of Richard Nixon, so come after a lengthy thought of pneumonia, the AP quoted this song Austin, or some people would say, Pena Monio. Aside from his pardon, Watergate Hunt was a WW2 veteran longtime officer in the CIA and believed a prolific author of spy novels. According to an online biography in 1951, he hired William F. Buckley Jr. as a CIA agent working with the Mexican student movement, Buckley and Hoverman lifelong friends. Remember William F. Buckley? Yeah, what I got you to tell you, the Pera. Sure, I'm important in that guy. Earlier this month, Ross story reported on Hunt's upcoming book in which he speculates that President Lyndon B. Johnson may have played a key role in the assassination of President Kennedy. Hunt was often implicated himself by considering a conspiracy theorist for having a part in the assassination. That's what I was going to say. E Howard Hunt. So there you go. No one knows what his lunatics in American history. Where a colon is dead, gay and gay, if you're who for he's dead, Joe McCarthy, he's dead, see that, Dick Nixon, he's dead, Ronnie Ray Gunn, he's dead. Here's a really good story for all you dog lovers out there. Pet Shoppillar creates beer for dogs. There's ice cream for dogs. Yes, there is. All of the time he used to love that. It's all ski pies. Frosty, that's the one. That's what tiny used to look. There's a favorite thing we used to do is get a can of whipped cream like we would put on strawberries or stuff like that and take you can a whipped cream and take it out of the refrigerator. He would come running like a man when you shake it up and then when you hit the nozzle and nothing coming out of you, but it would make that sound, you know, that he would just go but in. It's just going to bite hate that sound. This is really good. I can press there, sound like there. That's because you probably think you're farting. Yeah, that must be it. You like that. Of course, of course, we all know that dogs don't fart. Yeah, you got it. Oh, even if I'm coming. It's got a picture here beneath a five year old shawawa drinking beer from a bowl in the southern town of Holston, Netherlands. This of course, as you would expect is in Needle-On's, Mon in Holland. All those pervert's over there, I love it. Terry Burrond and a Pet Shoppillar in the town of Zellham created a non-acolic beer for the limerine that dog made from beef extract and malt. After a lot, and this is from Amsterdam, and Chris has been in Amsterdam, but you weren't watching dogs drink beer though. Where are you? I've been drinking some of your own. Yes. It's amazing to meet you when you get up. Of course, you don't get up in the morning if you're smart. You get up at least at noon. But if you get up in the morning, like 9.9.30 10 o'clock in your walk in the road, I like it the grasshopper there, right by all day, red light district. Pendulathe, entrance away from the dam back to the red light district. That perversion, oh my God, so much perversion, thank God. And the grasshopper, which is very popular bar, and they're all these, especially the brits, but others as well, and the German, well, Germans, the Greek beer for breakfast. And in 1931, they're already voicing it up, you know? So they ask brits, because the one thing that the brits love to do to come to Amsterdam, it loud and drunk. They have to be the loudest of drunkenness. You know, the, what we call the neck, what we call those people, the thick necks. Oh, yeah, I'm talking about this. They've had heads. Sure, those are the brits for the most part that come to Amsterdam on the weekend. And they make a nuisance of themselves, and I hate them like poison. Anyway, after a long day of hunting, there's nothing like wrapping your paw around a cold bottle of beer. It says, so Terry Burrind, and a pet shop owner in the southern Dutch town of Zellham, created a beer for her whimerings made from beef extract and malt. Once a year, we go to Austria to hunt with our dogs, and at the end of the day, we sit on the forranda and drink a beer. So we thought my dog is also earned, as you said. Burrind and can side the local brewery to make and bottle the non-fahal beer, branded as Chris Perlbeer. KWIS, PELBI, Chris Perlbeer. It was introduced to the market last week, advertisers a beer for your best friend. Chris Perl is a deaf word for wagging a tail, as in two shakes of a dog's tail. Now, how come they never said two shakes of a dog's tail? Why is it two shakes of a lame tail? How about two shakes of an elephant's tail? Huh? All right. It's just a little bit for human consumption, berned and said that at $1.65 Euro bottle, that's two, one 65 euros. It's two out or 14 10 a.m. It's about four times more expensive than a hei can. So I think that's the kind of thing that we do with our dogs. I think that most people like that, including me, you will live as all kinds of generosity on your dogs. But for people, and eh, you know, who gives a crap? I'm all right. In fact, I know a lot of people are feed their dogs better than the Etherone diet. I wouldn't be surprised if there are a lot of people out there, even fried more to Dallas, while they're feeding filet many under their pets. That's below me. Oh, and look what we got on the pool. Well, this is what a great day it's going to be. Would buy it. Everybody should wish me a good machine. Oh, 1000 votes on the pool. Just as I looked over there. Anything gets a really good old man. Yes, it is. I think I'm going to find the big machine. Maybe I'll play the what you call today, the megabucks, with a 4.4 million dollar jackpot. If you're just here tomorrow, you'll know I want. New unfox from the creators of Dancing With The Star. Where is the YouTube just up to date? So it's drinking with the stars, starring Danny Divido and all an Abdul. A fine, fine, fine, a DVD. Listen, any publicity is going to come with me. You got to learn to eat it up and embrace it and say, Let's get, get, get, get, get, get, get, get. This show's going to work. And music industry. Drinking with the stars act with more of the celebrity shame we need to make us feel better about ourselves. We're going to love you going to see what we're talking about. The night on the box. No, I'm the last seven lemon cheeses that we're going to get me. And I love it. That's for me. Hey, this business with lemon cheeses. Every spot now they're talking about lemon cheeses. I don't even know what they're like. I don't know. You don't really know it. What about you, Chris? Are you into lemon cheeses? No. How about lemon gel? Okay. Which is really easy to take that press on any free. You know, put that in the story on gel. You go, sir. Keep that in mind. Okay. Just, just, just, just, just, just, just. I thought of something. I bet you did. More than once. 1118 at 5. 6. You're double to QM. We're having fried more to Delafor once. What's on the, oh, I bet you were sure I'll Wednesday today. Yes, what? And what do you guys get? You get to figure out some chicken fingers because we're off the menu. Duff was overdue in it. So we're cut out. But he did share his food with us. Did I hear you correctly? Yeah. Yeah. Let me tell you what that is. That's below me. What? The answer. We have our own means, ways and means. I understand. I mean, you gave them some nice plugs and everything else. We love our heart. Right. Right. It doesn't love you. Don't want to know it. I don't know what if anything it has to do with it. Duff. You felt that he was overdue in the volume. He felt that he was overdue in the volume. That sounds to me like so. He holds a normal over again. About let's get the tapes on and George is a jack-a. I mean, he throws like poison and let's not feed George. Why does Chris have to suffer because everybody hates you? That's a good very good point. He's probably dissociating self with me as much as possible. I don't that Chris hates you too. The next right Chris? I love George. No. Well, boy. Yeah. I'm so sorry. I just don't know me that I saw that picture. Chris that used to me is the one he did do that. I see what he loves. I don't think he loves you. He wouldn't have seen me. I love Chris. That's a very unsladering picture. I'm not saying that's a word about great word. It's a flattering picture. But there's a very great meaning. Unladering picture. It looks like a fat tub. When I was losing weight man, he's lost 35 pounds. He's losing it like crazy. You and me both man. Honey motivated. Lose that weight and look and feel great. Wait till you're this. Support grows to make English official. I wonder if they've heard about this in Dave County. The push to make English. The nation's official language is building more. Mentum. They can grow to build on the horizon. Seven states pushing legislation to make English. The official language is strength and laws already in place. There's been. Must. Let me say again. There's been such strong supports that represent a steep King. I will Republican and it's gaining more. No. No. Mentum. Mr. King's expected next month to be introducing this language. Unity. Acquisites to making. The nation's official language. However, said the timetable been postponed until House Speaker Nancy Pelosi could complete the Democrats' first 100 hours of agenda. Nancy Pelosi has us under martial law, he says. The states have been wonderful on this. Jim Bullay Jr. sounds French to me. Jim Bullay. Ah. Pule. Executive of a Wii Wii. Okay. Say that. Executive director of English First and Organization that supports making English the official language. The problem isn't getting bills passed. It's getting them enforced. Mr. Bullay described Mr. King's bills. Good first step. In the last section of Congress, Mr. King, the African Civil Rights Minister of Legislation and Canada, 160 coast bosses, placing the bill on the top 2% of coast monster legislation. Although control of Congress has switched hands, the bills advocate say the issue has brought by partisan support. We don't necessarily expect them to jump in and say they support as unanimously. Said, Rob Tumkel, spokesman for US English Inc. A group that supports making English the official language. The legislation would not bar private businesses or individuals from using multilingual material, but it does seek to prevent federal funds from being spent on such efforts. Multilingual. Mr. King is long been an advocate of English language laws in 2007 as a state senator. Mr. King often a successful bill making English the official language in Iowa. Oh my god, your people better stay out of Iowa to do that right now. Sorry? My people still decide by then Governor Tom Bill sack, who is not a virtually obscure and unheard of candidate for the democratic presidential nomination. Mr. King, on January 10, filed a lawsuit in state to record in Iowa against Governor Czech, Culver, and Secretary of State, Michael Laurel both Democrats for violating Iowa's English language law. The lawsuit that kisses Mr. Culver was served as Secretary of State before running for Governor and Mr. Moore, who are illegally placing voter registration forms in FCNG, ballot request forms in Iowa, Secretary of State's website and foreign languages. Meanwhile, English language laws have been introduced by state legislators in Georgia, Kansas, Kentucky, Mississippi, Missouri, and Jersey, and Oklahoma. Similar legislation expected to be introduced now, the state's before the end of the month. Help pepper county in Virginia and Cabara County in North Carolina. That's not by you, is it? I forget. I've introduced the world English language proposals as well. Well, who the hell in the North Carolina wants to speak a peak at a panning? Well, you told me you got a lot of a peater, no, no, no. What I said was there were a lot of beaders doing a lot of day labor. Now, in our particular area, yeah, there's a Cuban's lineup property and stuff, but guess what? Oh, they speak English. You people are reproducing like the Muslims. They don't stop it. Last month, voters in Arizona passed legislation making English, the states of his language by margin more than two to one. The people have been one out of the policies, and the legislation for a long time, Mr. Boolay said, I wonder if he's can do rather Boolay. He need that, Ramakala, I don't know. I don't think he is. And I don't really care. His music, I mean, he is a... Oh, I mean, he is a... Oh, he is a... He is a... Not my cup of tea, sorry. Although immigration legislation remains stopped in the halls of camp of hill, some supporters of making those the official language say that ambiguity had to say it uns forcing benefits. I, in essay, had a record number of people applying for citizenship last year, Mr. Tunkel said. The Department of Homeland Security Citizenship and, by the way, this post we know they're fired will, I don't know whether it's today or tomorrow, between 10 and New York, could have been in second. Is that door today? Well, it's a... it said about, but Goolay is right figure. There he is. No, you can't. Yes, I can't. No, you can't. Yes, I can't. All right, nothing. Is that more rubber Goolay? Yeah, you know, I had more in here than I thought I did. Well, I'm so sorry that I have the soldier. I just got an idea. I just got an idea. Don't get it. Don't be afraid. Woo! Don't get it. Don't get it. Okay, enough of her. The Department of Homeland Security's citizenship immigration service was set. There was an 18% increase in request for citizenship application during the first month of last year compared with 2005. Similar surges have followed a tightening illegal alien laws passed in states such as Arizona, California. After California passed its Prop 187 and 1996, a total of over 1578,000 people were in naturalized. That was more than double the previous year's figure. This is the strongest push for official English exercise that I've seen in 15 years at US English Chairman, Moe Mohica. MUJIC, Mohica, right? Sure, whatever. I hope to jump start that the situation is recitable. Pay dividends in the new future by making English official language. And nothing that I'll be linked with. We're doing it with the law. The law doesn't need to cut them off at it. And that morning show, okay, we've got like 80 times a week. That's true. That's true. Okay. So let them come and share for crying out loud. They ought to be honored to be on before us. Just imagine if we had a number leading in there, we'd probably have a 40 share. This is yok there. Can you don't get up tight now? But like I said, a thousand, twenty-five votes on a full. What sucks the most about AM radio? Too many stupid right wing talk shows, two, thirty-three. A and a band of that. Too much single in a French from other studios, one, seventy-eight. And too much static one, sixty-four, which I think is all basically the same category. It's like, like that. That's AM radio. Not enough Neil 135. Which law lose all the rest of this weight man. Then they're definitely will not be enough Neil. I'm going to be so slim and spelt man. I'm going to be irresistible. Anybody buying that? Not even me. Too many Spanish language say this is 132. Too many bad shows, 101. I mean that's obvious if they were good shows, people would be less into the static. Too much sports talk, 33. No good music, 25. I hate this pool only 14, 1.3% I think we might set a record on that today. Nice going. Corporate ownership, six and too many religious estacionais, Solument they quadruped. Fake short, gasms, I fake four points. You're good, my darling. So many. To fake arms, you know the red. To fake, barred to land in France. And he vunches so rioted. I'm not good at tests, I'm slim and spelt. I'm going to step on Satan. I will aerosol, I got to record this. Me, you're my sideflies, the police. Hey, you had a bag about to balance on his knee. Copy this and then look off his arm. That's falling, my eyes will be so red. That's a fact. These are mental health check. That's a fact for his head and his neck. If he weren't greedy, look just like straight. Why would you say I would look good like straight? Because I don't know before that we chill in the world. My cousin, I'm not, I would back to her mom. Oh, we love her. We love her. In the fight room, and a sweat, nothing remounts the person. When I swear it always works, I make it any sense. The former chant keeps deleting things. When he smiles, he looks like a thickest face. He told us to call Robin, give it. I love Robin, my eyes have to be so mad. It's a fact, I'm sure you know who it is. It's a fact, barred to land in France. The rest of me punches so rioty to death. I've never told you before. I know the word of Texas. My Cese uses whenever he can't fall. But that's not our fate. Because he is brilliant. Where is the one he wanted it anymore? Because God's God's mind that's in with code. It wasn't sent to me. When he said, I'll do it at five sixty. Here's a fact from Paul in the Gables, who says, Lime and Chaloh is a recent lesson twenty-one years. First of all, that's not the way you would say it anyway. All right, I don't know. Lime and Chaloh. Lime and Chaloh. Lime and Chaloh is a recent lesson twenty-two years in your introduction to the Italian liquor scene. It originates from the Sorrento area, or you pay. And that is a primary source of lemons and oranges. It's easy to make. Here's a lot of fruit and tomatoes, but I've been told. It's easy to make yourself high ever, so it's not necessary to buy it. It's very, very sweet. It's sweet. It's served chill. I keep it in the freezer, it's fall. And it's basically lemon essence. 80-first, 80 proof alcohol and sugar. As you car, it's easy to cruise with, say, if she still could. I'd go to a friend, see that cruise. I'm serious, I'm losing, I'm dead now. Yeah, we know, let's keep it that way. It says, it is excellent. When I opinion this afternoon in drink, or to cleanse the palate between courses, makes a fantastic sorbet. Cends the palate. Right. It goes down easy. I know a lot of people like that. And it's easy to get hammered on the stuff because people don't realize it's 60 to 80 proof. It is very, very limony. So like after you like drink it, you'll all pucker it up. You know, like that? Like if you eat it like, see, I have to be one of those people. I don't know why I do it. It's a bad habit. It's bad for your teeth and probably your gum is too, but I like to chew ice. Like when it brings me all those diacoces. Yeah, would buy him? Whatever. I like chewing on the ice. Yeah, probably really bad for your teeth. But I don't really care. I don't care. I don't like it. No, I don't like enjoying. Some of those things, I'm old in cranking, whatever. And I'll do whatever it hell I want. And maybe I'll go to sermento. Get some more travel tips. Let's see how we're doing here. A thousand, forty votes on the pool. I'm not going to keep reading. It's not a great exciting pool, but we still got over a thousand votes. It's not really like sexy or like erotic or exciting or, you know, like, what do you think about it? What it is. How many years ago did I say, am radio was dead? About 30 minutes. There for a long time. That's another reason. It's a miracle. We're still pumping out the hits, baby. I'm just sure we're still cranking it out. Am radio is dead than a dornail. And all these stations, all these make believe stations. And one day they were live just in the next day. They're playing like top, top forty from eighty years ago. And the next day they're playing the Caribbean melodies. Whatever hell they're doing. What are what this station's going to be in the future? So old. Well, you asked me a question that gave you not as opinion. I mean, I'm not saying like, I was saying like this year. Oh, two somebody's going to come in there and bite and write me a checking painting off my contracts so I can travel the world. Sounds like a wonderful fantasy to me. Let's see, for your info, fat and ugly Jim de Fidis has a morning show on 940. Oh yeah, that's a real. When you stop you people, you idiot out there. That's a show. Fat Jim de Fidis who's got a face for another planet. And if all the news is you know what's that? They show him on the news. I forget what you know. They see, especially ports, not unlike Alcantina, what not? Oh yeah. I don't like it. So it's going to send him more ways than just bigger ham hox and more more. Oh yeah. Fat. God, Jim de Fidis. Yeah, he's got a lot. I'm talking about a regular, you know what I'm talking about. Don't give me this crap. Can I info? It's probably from him. Ha ha ha ha. As Tiny would have said, if we were to talk to you, I was Jim de Fidis who the hell you kidned. And by the way, don't blow your brains out there. Oh, sorry, Tulie. Stay to the Union. Not so healthy, Rice Wellden, Burger. And the Smurking Chimp. He says this, you're sitting in speech promise little on the livered less. Bush has no domestic policy cut with the witch to press a few whan policies he mentioned. One. And no more and no more intention of pushing for energy independence now than the previous five times he's mentioned it. And as credibility in the areas where it continues to enjoy considerable power for him, military policy continues to fade. The most recent polls show has even most even as most dependent supporters are beginning to peel off their peeling it. And the banana too. That makes him more dangerous rather than less, but it moves his comments on the subjects from the category of rhetorically crippled into white noise. Healthcare reformer supposed to be a significant part of the speech. It wasn't. The reason is that the administration proposal is sketchy, weak, and curiously vindictive. According to the White House, the tax cover individuals and families with health insurance will bring fewer than 10% of uninsured Americans in the fold. They acknowledge that rising costs will lead up the entire break within a decade or less, and that the likely immediate result, the intended immediate result, is that Americans who get their health insurance through their jobs will switch to high deductible less comprehensive insurance, league themselves over to the sort of back-breaking medical expenses that insurance is at least in theory intended to ward off. What numbers they haven't supported the presumed beneficial effects are tentative and unsubstantiated. So it's no wonder that they initially should have got a scantry of it in 50 words in the 50, 500 words speech. The best indication in healthcare was meant to take a higher profile in the state of view in the speeches that it received top billing and Bush's Saturday radio address in the lengthy Monday background briefing for reporters. None of the other elements of the speech were done those honors. The briefing did not go well in any respect. Revers and reporters alike were confused and as his customary, reporters seemed about ready to recognize and respond to official contradictions and absurdities and absurdities I love it. But the question raised by even that lackluster journalist and performance may have been enough to scare the administration out to voting more time to the proposal of good half of responses for some variation of we'll have to get back to you on that. In his radio address the president said that Americans are fortunate to have the best healthcare system in the world during the Monday briefing, Catherine Baker of the president's council league economic advisor said that nobody in the country can accord to keep spending more and more and more money on a healthcare system that's broken. You think that the contrast between best and broken would allow some curiosity among the crack Washington press corps not so. Possibly this is because no one listens to or reads the Saturday messages possibly it's because reporters were distracted by the question of why there were some and I'm sure noticed to attend a briefing on a proposal that seen the almost as mysterious to the administration official selling it. They could and Bush economic advisor Julie Gune as he did to the reporters. Neither did any of the reporters react when the response to a question about why the proposal would bring health insurance perhaps being within the 47 million Americans were at president and sure it. Baker said that because it's a very head of Virginia school of people are unsure it's hard to find one magic bullet. A reasonable report of might have noticed that most of the developed world resolved resolved the thorny question of how to provide healthcare coverage to everyone by providing healthcare coverage to everyone. Again, no if the press were forced to hunt down and kill the obvious and live off its flesh many of them would star. If the president doesn't go violently nuts between now next year the 2008 speeches likely to be even worse. But help could be at hand. So here's an idea maybe next year we can surround lower bush with performance from safety so it's a little late maybe they can build some sort of human pyramid over her sounds like a long not a. Just for a fact what you didn't watch any video that I didn't I needed to this trial trust me when I think it would be a pack of rise. A pack of a garb. $153. I think I'm going to sit back and sit on some more lemon shallows right off. You do not belong in here you damn crack it go smoke it right please. Or did you do? $153. $153. $153. $153. $153. $153. $153. $153. $153. $153. $153. $153. $153. $153. $153. $153. $153. $153. $153. $153. $153. $153. $153. $153. $153. $153. $153. $153. $153. $155. $5. $154. $153. $153. recently but you. But he won't tell you how he feels and said, He'll talk about some bad mistakes you made. He can't spell, he can't act, run out loud. He can't speak, so unisnet, so weighs in down. He can't do this. He can't do this. He can't do this. He missed it. He missed it. I bet you Chris was there. I don't know. Wouldn't you not really come out of the years? I was kind of watching the reactions of the people in the audience. I know it. You speak to peak. You're watching Nancy sit there and just kind of like, You mad while the nurse is cheering. Was she wearing her bubblegure, whatever it is? I wouldn't know. The burqum. I just got a message that just made me want to go to the patio and do cartwheels, right on the bridge. I just really had that. I think the day is going to come on telephone. You're just going to disappear. You know what? Well, they're already going to be integrated. You know, instant messaging and text messaging and peer. That's the best offer I've had in a long time right there. That was good. I can't read it on there. That would be really. How about I just say, okay, offer accepted. How's that? 13 till noon at QAM. Off the rails, big oil, big brother wouldn't be in the city of the union. Everybody, Greg Pless, what's happening to him? I thought maybe they put him in a hooscow or something. I'd say they didn't. He's kind of like right there. We've done Thompson almost, but not quite. That Thompson didn't have anything new today. Everybody has got one tomorrow though. You know, let's see. Let me just say this to you. Write this moment. Write at this point of my life on this show and in my life and all the way around. I am as content as a fat-able cow. And I look like one, too. That's right. Happy to say. Happy as a pig in the shop. That's right. With two shapes of your tail. I mean, this, the phone, I got the monitor to run. There's no chance I'm going to waste my time with it. There you go. We got that carded up. Where's that, the 70 QA in? Hello. WQA in? Hello. There you go. Greg Pless says, so who the hell needs that? I don't need that. We're rolling along the same thing. We don't need no super expert in there giving us the song. It ends up all G and so much better here in the reaction of me. I don't know anybody in my personal life who says, oh, the show is so much better when you have those covers on it. There are no covers. Don't you understand, Smokey Joe? There are no covers. If you took those three or four people, those chronic side of there and had them executed, hanged life side in which most of them aren't hung to begin with, which would be a wonderful thing by the way. It wouldn't change anything. There are nobody's dancing to the shansaw Florida. WQA in? Hello. WQA in? Hello. It's a way to go. I got it. I got one for you. Let's put that over this here. Let it go. WQA in? Hello. WQA in? Hello. WQA in? Hello. Every day. Mom. WQA in? Hello. Hello. WQA in,Hello. WQA in? It's a register called the Ombudsma empty33. WQA in? WQA in? WQA in? WQA in? WQA in? WQA? WQA in? I think we made the point. It is great. I think we ought to make a bit out of that. And also, loop it and make it, go on from a 45 minutes. We can play that four times a day and just sit in the posk here. Greg Polan says there was that tongue again. When the president lies, he's got this weird nervous tick. He sticks it to him in the tongue out between his lips. Like a little boy who knows he's fibbing like a snake looking around. Like that. Can you hear that? I'm looking. I don't want to look the microphone off. Although I will say this since I'm the only one that sits in here. I don't have to worry about it. I once worked in a place, I'm trying to think what the station was. Were they used to spray them? There was some jerk that I worked with. He used to spray the microphone with the screen from a car. Was that a vow to be? They must have been because I've encountered that. Jesus. I mean, what a shot that is. The first news following you comes in with a canvas. You're like, you're clean. I can understand something from like, you know, I had a cold or something. Yeah, I can understand something. If he knew all of those things that my tongue is vivid, I'm sure a lot of guys could say that. Lots of guys could say that including somebody, who's been in areas where they better keep the way. They're not at any rate. Instead of the units. Well, sports studio usually have a kind of light sauce sitting in there. If anyone to use whenever they want. They really do. That's what I was talking about. They have a can of light sauce. Yep. They're disinfectants spray. It says, in the state of the union, the last night, the president did his tongue thing 124 times my kids kept count, Greg says, but it wasn't all rat-looking lies. Most pun that's concentrated on a rack and monkey health insurance stuff, but that's just bubbles in bladder. The real agenda is in the small stuff. Oh, yeah, I can relate to that. The little raises in the policy, I've almost asked you a little pieces of policy, the shrapnel that was by between the appearances of a presidential tongue. Can you, I still can't get over the fact that there are people who eat tongue. Oh, first there was the announcement the regime will give employers the tools to verify the legal status of their workers in case you missed that one. The president's talking about creating a federal citizen profile database. There's a problem with that idea to against the law. The law in question is the US Constitution. The founding fathers stuff the government had no right to keep track on the citizen unless there's evidence they've committed or planned to commit a crime. But the founding fathers didn't imagine it were millions and billions of dollars to be made by private contractors ready to perform this key GB operation for the Department of Homeland Security, tracking each and every one of us to keep tabs on our status. These work databases will tie into our vote of verification databases required by the Health and Meritofodact, and these will tie the databases on citizenship and so on. We'll be, brother, abuse these, these will abuse these, the biggest perhare of such hit list is choice pointing. Those characters who before the 2000 election helped you have both projects and voters as felons from Florida voter roles, will they abuse a new super list? There's Dick Taney shoot in the woods. There were several other little IEDs improvised extracurble policy devices. Planted in the state of the union. Did you catch the one about doubling these strategic petroleum reserve? If you're unfamiliar with the SPR, it's supposed to be a stature railway keep and case the price of crude gets too high. While the price of oil has been horribly high, but Dick Taney, the official who sits on the reserves spigots has refused to release the oil under the market. Instead of unleashing the reserve and investing bigger roles, price-caugen, virtual double reserve, which will require buying three quarters of a billion barrels of oil. This is a nice $40 billion payout to be growl from the US Treasury. Compare this to the President's health insurance plan to be revenue neutral that is having a net investment of zero. But the $40 billion in loot the oilman will get from us taxpayers for doubling the reserve is nothing. Compare to the boost in the worldwide price of crude caused by this massive insane purchase. While the Congressional audience and even bother to apply to plus for the reserve purchase plan, there is no doubt that we're woping it up in Saudi Arabia. Clearly, the state of the Saudi Bush Union is still pretty good. But why end on the cynical note? I must admit I was moved by the President's praise of Wersley, Oct. and New Yorker will last month through himself on top of Manhood fallen on subway tracks and held him between the track rails as the train passed over them. While the President properly acknowledged Oct. his courage in saving the Man who fell on the subway tracks, Mr. Dvorst still did not explain why Dick Taney pushed the man in the first place. That is cute. Good old Greg Pulaske. They haven't taken his ass away, but they sure would like to, man. They would like to in the fanges to USA. Let's take a look at how that pole is coming. 183 votes on it. What sucks most about AM radio? I could say working on it, but that would be bad because I'm doing just fine. Okay, I'm not listening any meals. Too many stupid right wing talk show is 239. And again, we apologize for the repetition of stupid and right wing. We've done it. Too much signal in a French mother station is 91 and too much static. 74 AM. Especially if you drive like by 441. That always impresses me one in town on those few days a year. Too much static. Not enough needle 146. All I think that could be a new form. Let's try to sell tall the other stations. I can all carry the show and each painting like an extra million year. And then they all give you like 20 bucks and Chris five. Oh, right. Too many spanish. By the way, do you get that thing yet or not? No. Well, it's on the way. All right. Just hang on tight. Too many spanish language says this 138. Too many bad shows 104. Too much bad bad radio baby. It's bad 104. Too much sports talk 34. No good music 25. I hate this pull only 15. 1.3% that could be a record as they say here a record. They still do a little bit of that British show thing here, but they are very progressive and wonderful people. And I love it here. Corporal ownership for 10 and too many religious stations. 7. Jesus baby, I want everybody to listen to it on your knees right now. And pray to Jesus, Neophyines a good machine and wood bind the staff. No. You think it will help? Can't hurt. No. Can't hurt. Can't help hurt. Everybody pray to Jesus. Jesus Christ. When he gives that handle a big yank. You know that when I was a kid. I was in high school. Not a kid. I guess I was a good. I worked in my father's sporting good store. He used to sell a lot. I was the first it was like a clothing and sporting good store. All right. And he used to sell work pants. And then we're called the the brand was big yank. Work pants. Okay. That was the name of the brand. This is many, many years ago. Can you imagine now trying to sell something called big yank. Work pants. Anything happened to a pantaloonies huh? They'd go over big yank. I'd buy these in the game. They'd yank and right off the market. I'd wear pants. I'd wear pants. It's a big yank. Yeah. So what I, in fact, I'm thinking about that episode of wood bind. Just the other day. I was checking things. I was checking things. I was checking things. I was checking things. I was checking things. video fined with the sheet. And Marc Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q8mm. Wow. Look, it turned out the little where it's just everywhere. With just up the pictures to come nice face. Overward out of my hat from the fake blowby. Toon and mine Toon and mine I should think we'd look at our back every age My or game, or maybe just strange Look at all my go-look friends that I've got so far Toon and mine Toon and mine All the time, we could go to the time We're going to find this pain we got Toon and mine Toon and mine I'm giving hope to the desperate and lonely Even though I'm making it greater me only You're rather known with my reason for nothing but life Toon and mine Toon and mine Toon and mine Go accordingly Think we'd collect the weight We'd tasteable time Toon and mine Toon and mine Toon and mine Toon and mine Toon and mine Take a look at that, take a puke at a baby 111 votes on the pull man. I am really the aim pressed. 12.25.60WQL on a great wins day man. There is a little bit of sunshine out there. You can smell the lilacs coming across the lake from Rochester. You think there is lilacs in January? No, this was a global warming. In fact, it seems to me I could be wrong, but I am pretty damn sure. Remember, a couple of weeks ago they were shown the trees were beginning to bloom. I think it was in Washington, D.C. They were showing at some of the trees were blooming idiots. Okay, you see that? No? Yeah, they were starting to bloom because it was like in the 50s and whatever. Which is lovely, which means it would be nice and warm all the time. It would be just like being in hell and be good practice for a lot of us, not of us perverts. Flight attendants often deal with obnoxious past years who won't listen to instructions by kicking them off the plane, but a massive two-sets couple think air-tran airways went overboard by treating their crying three-year-old daughter in much the same way. A lot of airplane bizarre stories last couple days, you know what I'm saying? Yes. Wow. Julie and Jerry Colessa and daughter Ellie were moved from the flight when the girl refused to take her seat before take off. A lot of them always say that take your seat. How about sit down, sit your ass down, take your seat. We're even at where you're going to run with it. Take your seat. Kevin Cooke, take your seats. I love flying on KLM and I just love it. Kevin Cooke, take your seats. I just love that. Love the sound of that. I think they only have one pilot, which is amazing. I'll be flying all those other planes at the same time. Amazing guy. One crew. Anyway, Julie and Jerry were ended up moving from the flight when the girl refused to take her seat before take off. Airline officials said yesterday, but her parents said they just need a little more time to come or ask down. That's all. Kind of a bitch down. I mean, a little girl down. How old is she? Oh, she's three years old for crying out loud. What do you want? So you have to think people that take little kids on planes, those people ought to be shot. And little kid, they're going to put in cargo. I just, and especially like who does this class, her first class in a day of class, whatever. Big shots like me, I don't want those people sitting there with me. For like two hours, two and a half hours, whatever. Some people go to great ways to make sure that their children don't bother other people. And then they're already about the first time I went to a Europe, okay, 1987, 20 years ago. First time I went to Europe and I'm flying in Schuoper class. And maybe like, man, of course back in the day, I wasn't making a kind of money. I am now. So I figured, you know, why am I going to spend an arm and life for business class? So I'm flying in the coach. And sitting next to me is a middle-eastern woman with her little kid in her arms. In other words, she's paid for just one seat. And because the kid was under whatever age she'd have to pay for his tickets. So she has to hold him in her arms the whole flight. The whole nine and a half hour flight. This is on the return from Amsterdam, from Skippel to Miami. You're eating something. If he was a little trail-mix out of the machine there, you know, McGillard's stuff, the engineer got shot at today. You know, something the next time duck comes in there and ask me to do any favor for him like live for him on the year. Oh, which I did that for quite a while there. The answer will be no. You're not taking care of my people, Duff. A Duff. You're family. You're taking pictures though to share. You gave it years. Fingers, I would, oh, God only knows where they are. Yeah, Nick, Chris got to share them. You've got to share, Duff's fingers? Oh, brother. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. You better go out. Everything went to the spot for All the people to keep that aay and we'll go from here. But anyway, to make a long story short, I made it. And I kept thinking to myself, it's good of a time as I had. I think that first time I went to Amsterdam, Roman, Copenhagen, all in about 10 days. Too much. Although that was 20 years ago. I was like a young stud, you know, 44, young fateslum. I could handle all that travel. But I did make it. But I'm thinking to myself, that's the last time I'm ever going to make this trip again. And of course, here we are 20 years later, and 80,000 trips later, too. Let me give you a little advice on your people out there to the one who wasted your travel money on cruises, on trips to a Latin America. Get on a plane and go to Europe. Okay, I'm telling you, just pick your spot, pick your seat. I don't think there are too many places where you can go wrong. Except maybe Paris for those damn frogs. So many Frenchmen and Paris, that's the problem. Too many frogs. So anyway, getting back to this family, the Colossus planned to fly home to Boston, January 14 from four miars, after a four day visit with the Gross Paterna Grandparents. She was removed because she was climbing under the seat and hitting the parents and wouldn't get in her seat during the boarding. Air transphosphomine, Judy Graham weaver said, It's like when you're sitting in the airport and you watch what these people are doing with their kids in the paying no attention. And the kids are running around and they're opening up doors that aren't supposed to be open and alarms are going off and all kinds of crap going on. I can't see it like in the store when you're shopping. You see the same thing. I cannot see a with parents who left their little kid run around and just raise hell with everything around them. And they're like a busiest. They are. And they make life miserable for the rest of us because your kids see that they wonder, you know, how come you can't come. I get disciplined and say, There's max the crap. That's right. I have some kind of entertainment. And that's why. You know, it's your kids do. No, not hard. Just when it's. Or also. Right. Air transphysical say they were following federal aviation administration rules that children age doing above must have their own seat and be wearing a seat on the Pantica. The flag was already delayed 50 minutes and in fairness to the other 112 passengers on the plane that who made an operational assistant to remove the fact that the family, where we were said, I'd just like to take the kid if there's like an instant shoot. Did you know what the plane? Sure. But Julie Coles is said, we work even an opportunity to hold her, console her anything. Ellie was sitting in front of our seat crying. She said in the phone interview, the attendant mentioned emotion to a seat and asked if we purchased it for her. They had paid for the seat. Jericho as I said, another Lieutenant that approached the family and told him, you need to get her in control and in her seat. Now, gosh, dang it. As buddy of a passenger said to me that day, gosh, dang it. The couple told the attendants they were trying. Julie Coles said she asked the attendants if Ellie could sit on her lap that they said, no, the family flew home the next day. The Orlando base career reimbursed the family $595.80. The cost of the three tickets offered in three wrong trip tickets anywhere that your line flies when we were said. But that's too low to late for the Coles as the father said they would never fly air train again. And I'm sure they people of the year line are just devastated by that threat. I'm never going to fly air crappy airline again. You people with your little kids man, they have them like a bunch of, they're like weapons. People who use their kids as weapons. Right. Can't stay high behind them. Nozzianning. Yes. And then these people will do your loss. My child at Walmart. Well, you know, maybe if you kept your eye on her, I mean, I've been walking down the street, you know, in various places, whatever. And there's like little kids and you wonder, well, where are the parents? You know, right, I'm talking about little kids three four years old walk in the Jirlen and you look back into parents are paying no attention like a half of block behind the kids are like maybe going to get hit by a car next. Hey, and all these other parents all I can think is maybe it's wishful thinking on their heart. You don't say George. No, what to say. Even George wouldn't go that far. No, I don't have a problem with my kids. No, it's the lady who made them. Is that what you're trying to say? Why do we have to go back there again? It's probably not a healthy thing. Now, now, now, what were you saying about the girl before about he was chastizing about something was it? Oh, about Tarrhut. Oh, he was in chastizing. He was chowling down on it. Well, he's eating, uh, Kim Boe campers hot dog except he said. Is he? Oh, no. That's a different way. That's no, hi. Oh, no, that's a promotion director. Oh, no, that's blowing. And who's that would be? Yes, everybody must be praying to Jesus today. It sounds like three. Oh, no. Woo. He was eating Kim Boe campers hot dog. Are you saying? Oh, I can't say the way he said it. Yes. Oh, no, we. I always said Miguel was a real weenie. Anyway, what's our most about a. Amrady 119 votes? I don't feel like weeding the results because it's a very boring pull. When you agree? What this was? Yeah, you think it's a good hold, whatever. I mean, that's that I know appreciated it. And these people lately have been sent all these pulls. They've been doing a fabulous job for me because the toughest job about this pull of this pull, this pull, the toughest job about who's got nothing to do it is the pull. I mean, I can sit down here and do a show blindfolded man with my hands. I'd be hunting a back, which is what I've been doing for nine years on the station nine years plus. So you get ready for that big March first celebration for me for my 31st anniversary on your money? I will dream on my five. I really believe this. I think, you know, I'm old. I'm the days in number. We are a lot less ahead of me than behind me. You know what I'm saying? I'm not looking for sympathy. But I just think because there are so many special friends out there who care so much about me. They really ought to start thinking right now, 24th of January, what they're going to do for me for my 31st anniversary on the first of March. Don't you think that's something you ought to be thinking about? Okay. I'll start talking. I was saying I think about it long and hard, believe me. 1123 votes on the pull. Too many religious stations, so I meant to Ocho. Ocho. So Tomto Ocho. I do love the side of a thing. I love the side of a Spanish tool and it's spoken by people who don't know how to really speak it. And you know what I'm talking about. We've discussed this before. There are so many different dialects of Spanish. And then there are people who heard a pig Latin. There are people who speak like pig Spanish. Very badly, you know. You know what I'm talking about? What do you talk about? You know exactly what this is before. I mean, the Spanish language can be a beautiful language if spoken properly. But then there are some people who speak it like everywhere. It's like Italian, the same thing. You got people who really speak a fluid Italian, speak it if flows by, by a ding, by a woman like that. But I mean, it's learned that the Spanish and everything is that. I mean, I've got to see it. I mean, I've got to see it. I've got to see it. I've got to see it. Nice college boy. I've got to be. They want to get mixed up with the family business. I've got to be. Now you want to go down to police. You got to go to the police. You got to get a close like this. The big, you brought a prince all over your nice side of the lake suit. Come in. You're taking a very personal. And now it's time for our longest investigation. It's from Hankoberg. Any right? Please play the air that I breathe. And dedicate it to my Kim Bass in your blow up dog. Learned about the old man's house, y'all. Listen. Dance is all. Hello. What is warm? I'll say you come here often. I'd be here before. No. First time. What's your name? Freeway. That's nice. I'm speaking. Please make sure to make sure to come here. You're here to get some clean. Oh, I don't know. You work around here. I'm a waiter, but actually I'm an actor. You know, yeah, you know, it's the top. You probably need to relax. Oh, I'll say. But you know, with everything it's in news and all, it's safe. Hey, you can start relaxing right now. Freeway. I brought something. Ooh, uh, she. And freeway. Not just any she either. Look. Wow. Gold, lumbna. Really? A lot of condoms. But here's the most important part. Freeway. And the road tax label. Road tax tax. I don't condor it by the city council of San Francisco. Absolutely. You know the projects slogan to sure I sure do. Certified safe by the city by the bay. Well, what do you say? Sorry. Look at that. I dropped the soap again. Oh, I can't. You bet your life he will. And with confidence, because freeway and spic can have condoms. Don't let worry. Spoiled those chance meetings and public showers. Always carry. Pro-tech. Re-tech condoms. LGBTQ ministries. We are our's the other value. Sea TH-  true fact. Oh, top  do need. Yet the emergency code says there's no policies. 60 suspances. Ten warnings. And then I have 10 actions. Oh, right. I think we got to shout a 13 today. Well, thank you. Lucky, oh, man. How much record would buy? And how to find a good machine, rhymes with 13. How are you doing? I got to play the, uh, I'll probably would have a heart attack. I mean, if I want a lot of, oh, see, a lot of was a different thing. You got your tickets and you look online. You see the winning numbers. And you go through the pond risk process of checking the numbers, you know. I mean, that would be great. But that one time, I missed the 15 million by one digit. I didn't, yeah. See the good thing is the second digit was the one that was off by the second number was the one off by one digit was supposed to be 13 and was 14. I had, I've missed by one digit before. The whole thing? Yeah, the whole thing, the whole thing, how you spell that? So I'm a 15 million by one digit. And I only got to allow you to see the 100 buscourt. But I didn't have like no fart attack enough in my fan. But if you're sitting at a machine man, and of course, then all of a sudden the bell goes off and everybody comes up. Man, man, man, man, man, man, man. Right, you want 4.4. Well, I would do that. I don't know. I guarantee that. Oh, I'd be fart enough to storm. That would get those pinnly as bystanders where you real fast. Okay, back to, yeah. 4.4 million. Would you like him? I, back in the day when I first started going out to a bun, I used to see them. I think they all must have died. But all these old, I mean, really old people, enough of my great grandpa and grandma, these to the shut them out of their own stretchers, you know? And there are some of these people coming. And I, you probably see them. And it got the, the, we didn't know wheelchair or the walker. And they've got the oxygen tank. Oh, yeah, attached to the chair. Uh huh. And they've got the oxygen mask on. I like that. And listen, you know, they're having a good time. That's what I'd like to know when I get really old and gay. Who's going to be the one to push me around in my push card? You know, who's going to be that one? That's what I'd like to find out. Who's going to be my good oil, close personal friend. Who's going to be taking care of the old man in my day? When I'm out as viral and ambulatory as I am now, Sam says, well, look at this. He says the slot machines and Marty Growall. All right. Good. Played the wheel of torture. Want a quick conduit. Then hit the poker tables for a little more. Looking forward to pop it opening with their new building. It's going to be very nice. What he said. I think what he's really, really trying to say is very nice. Yeah, very nice. Have you been on the website? Look at the pictures new design. Oh, I have not. Also, where they have a new slot machine called the Neal of Torture. Oh, yeah. That's where you kneel and pray at that one. The Neal of Torture says, can't wait to check out that machine. Have a big day day, it would buy. I'm praying for you, Sam. PS love that bit, trolling on my mother. Oh, yes. Oh, listen, he's not the only one I've ever heard. He also wrote, I would buy. And it's with the B. Now, would it be with buying? What if he's right? Okay. Would buy. Oh, maybe he's being clever. I know. He says he's praying for me. And he's not the only one I've only used for me. He's a little bit of a bowl. Well, that's that message I got right before. It was most of me. 1136 votes on the pool, not too bad. Let me tell you, we got to get to 13. And then Neal when there's $1 billion today and won't be back tomorrow. Seriously, if you listen to me, based on a few bucks I've got stashed away now, which you've got a very idea. And if I would win $4.5 million, do you think I would come back tomorrow? Nope. Would you do it if you were me? Well, and you've said it before. One last show. Listen, what is this that I was saying? One last show that I haven't said already. Because as you know, I don't know if you did. I don't know if I have fun doing it. I would just be good by show. Oh, I'm saying, I do. There's a lot of people in this. Nine years of personalist, they've never had a lot of shows. I felt like it was really good by show. Believe you me. You're on San Joe, all the smokey Joe. Yeah, look at that lines that we're going on the phone. And this thing I'm actually going to pick them up. I don't think so. Not this hour. Maybe next hour, but I wouldn't, I don't know. WCWM, hello. WCWM, hello. WCWM, hello. WCWM, hello. WCWM, hello. WCWM, hello. WCWM, hello. WCWM, hello. WCWM, hello. WCWM, hello. WCWM, hello. Okay, now let me just say this. Here's what I'm thinking. We could take that and put it together and make a loop out of it and play the whole thing. All of them just that and then do the spots. You know, just get the commercials in. And I still think we'd outright any other show on this station. Do you have any doubts about that? No. Well, and how does that start? Sounds like her real weiner to me. Anyway, let's get back to the stuff here. Okay, getting way off course and talking about gambling, which is discussing and perverted and stuff like that. And all these people on the knees praying for the old man to hit the object pot today, the crackpot would jackpot. New Passport rules cause little turbulence at Florida Air Force sets my biggest suggestion to all you people out there who are desperately looking for a life. I have no life. Please do yourselves a favor. You've got even just a couple of bucks. Number one get a passport and then number two goes in place. See the world before you croak. That is the one thing I've done and I have, you know, everybody has regression life. But that's the one thing I've done that I have no regrets about. And the only, I guess the only regret is that it's third sooner. Although I've been to Hawaii six times. It went to Hawaii. I have learned. Cost money goes there. No, sorry. The only negative about Hawaii is unless you live on a West Coast. It's, oh, man's it far. I don't know where's flying behind. I don't know how they off. You know, they have to fly to LA or Frisco. And then you're going to fly up. It's almost as far. I think it's another five hours. It's even farther maybe in the middle of the Pacific to get to Hanalula. Was it as to get from here to LA from there from South Florida. And it was beautiful but very congested. I liked Hawaii a lot. And then finally I've decided, well, why don't I take that trip across the pond? After that first bad experience with the lady with that little kid in her lap that's stunk like nasty rancid taters. It's been great. I look at all the neat places I've been. Roll my 80 million times. Look at all the places I've been George where you were a slipper like you hasn't been. No, I don't ever. That's sad. Never will be. How do you know that? Maybe when I croaked maybe I'll leave you a bunch of money. Oh, that's the only way. Rome and Bolonia and Milano and Faranza. It's like Bolonia to me. Let me tell you right now. That's Bolonia. Milano, what are you going to go to Italy? If you're going to go to Italy, do not go to Milan unless you have a lot of time and party road. No. No, I've been a lot of time and roll. Look at them all the buildings and whatnot. To me, the most amazing thing the first time I went to Rome the most spectacular thing was I'm in the cab and we're passing the Colosseum. You'll call a sail. And of course, when you see the Colosseum, I mean in person, you know, it's just even though it's all one down and falling apart. But it's just breathtaking. It just takes you breath away, you know. You notice the locals, the people who live there, they don't pay any attention to it. Right? It's like the people live in New York when they walk by the Empire Stateville and always they're not paying any attention to it. It's the river of the day. They don't like you like here. When my candy takes me to woodbind and we're going to the on the expressway on a garden or expressway. And we've passed the, what used to be the sky, go on the Roger Center in the, the CN Tower. There'll be a deal. And even look at it. What's to look at? What's your scene at your derby day? I'm saying. And I'm watching all these people walking past the old Coliseum. I'm thinking. You're not even looking at it, you know. And I just couldn't believe it. But anyway, you're, and that's the one place. Go to Rome, Rome. I want to. And I'll tell you the best, try to re-in the best pizza joint. I'm telling you right now. Right. That's correct. Twenty seven past noon. I'm getting lost. I can't get started with the food again because I've been doing. Oh, it's a dreamly. Well, I'm still holding my own ear when I eat fire, but I'm not the gaining any back. And I'm not giving it no ice cream, no crazy crap. You watch. When I watch down there next time, I'm going to look just like Brad Pitt. I'm going to look just like John Stockwell and Christine. You're going to be pristine. I'm going to be pristine. And he's going to be pristine. And he's going to be pristine. But we're going to search and add on my facts machine. I hate that like poison. Oh, a present in July. It might be fun. I'm going to give it a try. Oh, Bob, Bob. Oh, you think the photo is run. I'm going to do one. Will we go for the flat guy? Oh, Bob, Bob, never stop for rock. He's on top. It may be the start. But it may sound like he's an error guy. Oh, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob. Oh, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob. Oh, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob. Oh, Bob, Bob, Bob. Oh, a present in July. It must be fun. I'm also just to repeat. I was just checking out the same thing. They do a lot of those. Well, that's the way it is. Let's play some tapes. Let's play some repeats. What do you say, audience? Oh, I think that's the tapes that's going to keep your laws. Seriously, this man has got to be just infuriating. Not a man guy. He's a jolly and he's chubby and he's Santa Claus, not the other. But just like Santa, he promises you a lot and then doesn't deliver. That was a good line. I think you came up with it, which is a pretty amazing, I think. I think it was. But there's that is really president who was giving a strong advance because they said he did this. He's a real pre-repair. He's a guest-key. 147 of hoax on the full. Now let's see. If we get to over 1,200 by sometime, well, we get whatever we get. We'll take whatever we get. And if we get to 1,300, it will be a real feather and Chris is cat. Definitely. So you wait 290 pounds on your what? 411 on that torch, so no. He's 4 foot 2 anyway. That's 290 pounds. You must have looked like Al Goldstein. I almost beat the beast them. Speaking of Al, we're going to have to refine that. What what the website was that on? Blavo, Blavo, I forgot what it was. But I read his blog and it was so sad. It's a game club you wore on. I thought back to my, you know, the day when he back in the day, you know, when he was really the man he was, you know, he was gigantic and fat and he was way over the top and he smoked those big stoves and he had the big finger back there to ceramic finger and his back there. I never got to those places in Pompano Beach, it was house. You invited me all the time. But fat, we're choose to go and stand in an eat all the food that he would eat and plus what I would eat too. Which is why fat rich is no longer with us. See, that's another thing about grow. I don't want to give 2 now stabbed to here, but when you get old, you don't want to have. Yes, yeah, your friends and your friends are all dead. Then remember, what? That's correct. People are your dogs. All of these all of this is all of these things. You got to go out there and make new friends. You can be the dead friend that other people have to read it. That is correct. Wouldn't it be something if they were saying, boy, sure, missed that old meal. He was really a panic man. He was a lot of fun. I don't want to be the one that's in the ground. That's right. I'm just hanging on as long as I can. But the fat rich and bill-cater. And seeing the thing of it is like with me, when bill-cater died, I stopped going to third grade racing because when you go to the track, you have everybody's always got a buddy and they go to the track. Some people are stupid enough to take their life for the girlfriend, which, ah, what? Nothing. Nothing. That was joking. You know what I'm saying? No, what if you're going to answer them and taking your wife and girlfriend or your family would you like Chris? Yeah. Well, you didn't have any choice though, did you? Nope. Now, if you would go back again, if you had to, like if you wanted to, or something, you went back to answer them. You wouldn't take somebody with you. Nope. There you go. You'd be there by yourself independent to be able to enjoy all the pursuits and all the excitement and whatever you want to do. And especially the part of Amsterdam speaking out of Goldstein where he used to have the apartment. You used the apartment. I told you about the time I went in his apartment and Amsterdam didn't I? Yes, you did. A couple of times. Yes, he did. And you have never seen it. It was a small apartment. Mm-hmm. And all over the floor were like cassette tapes and video tapes and just crap all over the floor. Everywhere. Just like you put it really even walking there. And the satellite that she had just wires all over, I don't want to say that L was a little on the stop beside. You don't want to say anything. Well, there was a apartment in New York that we borrowed. It was nothing but bonds and billed out. I'm a bad Jew. Really, bonds and billed out. Yes, you're expecting a good day with L was like a big porno hot shot. You know, back in the day when he was actually getting some action. But at any rate. I could tell you where he was getting some action answered him. But you, I've already told you that I know about him. I don't know what to believe me. He was just about to from him. He told you he was always very candid. Camera. What do I know? Alan Fudd is doing? I bet he's still dead. He's dead, yeah. I know that. Anyway, can we get back to it? You'll pass a port there? Why? Because it's very important. There are some people out there that might actually be traveling somewhere. This is important crap. A lot of stuff I read on here is just, you know, kill on some time. But this is more important than they. Jordan Saunders, seven of Chief of Distinctive Milestone is young like yesterday. He was the first US air traveler to arrive at my international without a passport. On the first day of a new regulation we're creating the document for people to arrive in broad and airport in the USA. By late yesterday, US customs and border protection which operates airport passport control said at least six people, four children into it all said arrived at my aid without passports. No passaportta. All but one traveler for a lot of the Ohio-Wood Care Passports by last night's exactly man, a US customs border protection spokesman. The passport requirement is part of a growing web of screen procedures being weeded by the Department of Homeland Security, the snare terrorist and criminals and free-empty of Sephora's journal, the rise documents. You should live so long. Tuffin travel procedures are the result of nine-level attacks. Some of the terrorist carried passports altered the hide and traveled Afghanistan, which at the time served as a set of Federal Base of Operations. Next year passports will be required if travelers are arriving at land borders and seeports as well. Currently, travelers from the US, Bermuda and Canada that can enter using drivers license to sit those seats. Mexicans with so-called border crossing cars will also need passports at border and people next year. The Mexicanos. Yeah. Isn't it a shame that they have so much corruption there? Isn't it interesting that George Bush was such good friends with his old buddy to send they five months upon the time of incidents? And his buddy, the band, our bush and all the other Saudi world family, holding hands. Speaking of that, gay, there are his ticket shoes for heavy or use of the prison. And it's just amazing to me. You look at it and one of those things in life you can't believe. That's the president. This Abu Ghara, if my or a president is they say in the Finland, they say a lot of things in Finland. Let's really need city. I have to go there when you go to Scandinavia. I'd like to take a stop in Copenhagen and Stockholm and Helsinki. And then maybe, let's see Norway. No, we as well. As well. I've never been to as well. While authorities base for possible disruption in the laser airport yesterday, arrivals in MIA in Fort Lauderdale when smoothly, according to men, and they're going to tell you one thing you people have for Lauderdale airport, that terminal for is terminal. It's too small, baby. It's too small. They got all these international flights going everywhere in the universe and the damn thing is so tiny, it's embarrassing. Anyway, it says the majority of travelers did carry passports. They got the message. One exception was Jordan, I mean, he had a medical emergency while in the Caribbean. His mother flew to South Florida Monday, and in the sporting Jordan's alien grand paw. Jordan was left behind with railways in the Turks and Kcos islands. Turks and Kcos. I've heard that as it in times of where the hell is that. A bit of it's an Caribbean. I'll bet. His aunt, Denise Brown, brought him to Miami Tuesday to join his mother. His aunt. David Mac, the US Customers and Board of Protection Passport Control Officer, handle the case of an adjordan and brown after questioning both briefly and his booth. Then he gave Brown US passport application to fill out for Jordan and three-sever cheats of paper, outlining details of the new passport regulation. Chris Manston, US Customs and Board of Protection and System Port Director for passports operations said passport control officers had instructions and out similar papers to any US traveler showed up without a passport. I didn't get shot. I mean, if you don't know by now, you need to pass a port then. Then you got some real problems. Man said other US travelers arrived a lot of passports that am I included in a two year old returning with a family from La Refoublica de Minicana, two more children arriving from Turks and Kcos, and two adults coming from the Cayman Islands, which I hear is pretty nifty is what I was told. The American traveler would out of passport afford a long day of arrival from Cancun, which I hear is not so nifty. Now that's an interesting new coincidence. Is it? Well, the Cayman Islands and Cancun because my close personal friend I was discussing travel with last evening was telling me about how great the Cayman Islands were and really beautiful and how Cancun was a dump and really sucked in, but don't ever go there. That's another piece of advice. Don't do the cruise ships and don't go to Mexico and don't go to, what was the other place? I don't know. Anywhere people are trying to get out of that's correct. That's a good idea. Anywhere people are just desperate to get out of it. 154 hosts and a pull out of the thing will make a 1,300. I think I think we've slowed down to a crawl. Anywhere you want to know why? Because I said it was a crampy pull and it is. It blows. But thank you very much whoever sent it in. Don't ever think because I said a pull stinks that I don't appreciate it. Right. Sometimes there are some things that stink and you really appreciate it last, especially like when you were the only one in the shower and so you'll steam a hot shower. Like when was it? Oh yeah. Come on. 1241 at 560WQ and Mad Dog at 2 to the power hour with Henry Goldberg and the Mad Dog together at 4. Humper from Gulf Stream at 5 and any case, 7 to 10 tonight. I'm reading the right to those days scheduled. Did Miguel really come in and said I read the wrong schedule? Yes. I want to put. But by the way, I want you to give a big kiss since you were at one of his people. No, seriously, give a big kiss right on the lips and think of it for the advice face. I'm serious. I was a kiss nozzle and half her pass at a wall. No, okay, have her give Miguel a whatever she wants to give. Okay, and thank him for his my sweet. We know that the Lord even loves the O'Rotters. I will say you. All right. I can redeem when someone done a strong. But we didn't take their grant. That's blowing. In Pearl Harbor when the jets dropped their bombs. We found them bad. Now the shoddies, they hit us hard. And on our cards are little flat wings. As that's all they knew. I've been retarded voice of bombers the wrong way. And I've embarrassed to be in America. Where they found no bulls like she moved. You died in space of America. And by board, it's a family. Really got this country. Appalachios, the Various Days, and I did the same. I don't want to be a Paxamara man. In the USA. What's a few thousand innocent lives Stop living in the past. If you want that as you lead to drive, you're gonna need more gas. It's like the greatest country in the world. They train us through the blue. And anyone who says that, obviously, and afford to be. But that that that that that that you've used has gotten barriers to be in America. Where we take three hours to flee. Wave a flag and would have with our hand in the sand. It's like they follow the powers that pee at the sand. And I thought that's a problem. Watching state for you, who's on a 65th street. Scratcher. Five, everything's okay. Anybody. US. Oh, why? 116th street. Well, so I think we're gonna do it. We're gonna get to 13. I can smell it. Hmm. And see that there's a day animal in the studio there. There is torture. George keeps telling me every morning that smells or something died in there. I think it smells all the time. It's just that you smell it when you first come in and then you get used to. And hit you right in the pool of sight. But people that come in all during the day are like, what the hell smells in here? Yeah. But it's inside in here, man. Oh, God. I told you that story about the TV and the story when I worked at WJN on West Palm Beach. I don't know why I'm going through that again. That was so embarrassing. I mean, it just was one of those things. You know, I'd eaten a whole lot of the day before I guess. They're just like everything else. It's part of nature. You know, there's nothing. I'll let one of you about it. It exactly. And I, man, stuck up to doing it in that tea room. Like he wouldn't like even I was swooning. I couldn't get out of there fast enough. I mean, a whole way in about five minutes later, one of the salespeople comes out of there. And he's, and he passed by me. He says, boy, so somebody must have died in there. I said, yeah, I know. I just, yeah. Somebody must have died in there. Holy cow, rat man. See, that's a proof. That's a proof right there. There's no God. What kind of a God would have, that this would be the way that animals would eliminate? I mean, else stink, oh, baby. You know, I want to stay real for that. And what's that? They were eating wrong foods. So that you stay away from it afterwards. Dogs don't do that. Unless you want to, you're getting there. Yeah, they're wrong. They ought to. They're supposed to. They ought to. Golden retrievers. They're talking to retrieves. Yeah. And believe me, they retrieve. What is it with who had pooped that they liked so much? Dogs? Yeah. I never had a cat. So I mean, I said, I didn't have a cat. Once upon a time, we got rid of it real quick. They can't. They get into it. Well, I mean, this is another reason to keep your cat away from the dog with McCathletes. You rid of the cat. Put them in a micro real quick. You might call it a litter box, but the dog called it a lunch box. No, that cat, baby. Steema. Fry it. Deep fry it. All your people are left french fries. How about deep fry it in the cat? Mm. 1170. We need 130 votes. Now let's do the math. Okay. I love that. Let's do the math. We got 70 minutes. I mean, 130 votes. That's us in two a minute. We could do it a few people get on that poll. I'll take it with the poll is right now. I haven't been pushing it up because it's really weak. It's embarrassing to me. Because we pride ourselves on our polls on this show. What sucks the most about AM radio? 1170. 1170. 1170. 1180 is WHA and Rochester. 1170 is WHA and Wheeling West Virginia. It's a 50,000 watt powerhouse. It used to be on the Paris Radio Network with Bob Prints and Jim Woods. God, I love Bob Prints. Where is that disk? Oh, right over there. No, seriously. What which disk was that on? That chicken next sent me. That I made for you. Or you made it? I told you that. Go where the hell is it? Oh, no. Don't tell me. I don't got it. Of course you do. You just got it under a pile of crap. I got it. Just relax. Okay. Will you please just relax? That's below me. I know that. Well, that's the only. It's only one clip on Airmen. It's not like it's a major deal. It's not one of the great Bob Prints calls of all time. But it is Bob Prints. The voice of the Paris for about 100 years. And then Katie K they fired his ass. And it was like big protests in the city. They were marching and screaming and puking. And then he died. He died. conduction was empty. Here play one pass. That's similar to the Minnesota landscape scene. and he was a, what do you call a grave digger? I guess a grave digger, yeah. And he did that. It might be a fancy title, but I don't know what it is. And then I think he died too much, you heard all this. Boy, is that sad about all these people? Remember, especially when you're an old fart like me, just like I was talking to me for your friends die and the athlete's die, Mickey Mendole died, all these people. Now when you're a grave digger and you die, you're not gonna die. You do get to this count. 1176, we need a 124 votes in 68 minutes. Should be able to do, but it's gonna be really a little bit more of a big, big, big goal. I like giving myself a challenge. See, there's a little lesson all you kids out there. Give yourself a challenge. Sit yourself a goal in life. Sit yourself a big goal. 166,000, I'm gonna hit the progressive jackpot on the dollar while we look for to my sheen mind. That's my goal. It's wrong with that. And it's kind of like a year old buddy Sam, remember saying, oh yeah. Our goal is 300,000 on your fundraiser. You know what I wanna, what a wise guy, what a schmuck. And of course when you look to the people like Greg Reid surrounded himself, well that's what you lot about Greg, yeah. Show me the people that somebody surrounds himself and I'll just tell you a lot about that person. Anyway, get right back to the important stuff. Don't forget your passport. That's my message to you. Do not forget, you'll too up pass a port. It's official and final former pedamine and dictator manual Antonio Norega. Helping Dave on charges drug trafficking among reloading is gonna be released from prison on September 9th after completing his sentence. What'd that be wonderful? What is that show again? What are in a hot tub? Oh man, who is he? Wow. And who and who do we? We're doing a physical case. We're going to do it. Oh, it's not tonight at the one and when? I don't know. I'm gonna have to pvr it. We're gonna have to record that. It's on ABC shows, that it is. No, it fits the real world at an empty room. It's in here. It's what? MTV. Oh, the channel that you're watching there. I'm not watching MTV now. I'm watching CNN. Oh, I think. Yeah, I'm on CNN. It's a one of those cross-surformers. Cross-roth. I see. Anyway, this news about Norya goes with you for El Nuevo. I hear all by Norya. It's a turning Frank Rubino. I wonder if he's kind of Bobby Rubino. And I he died. Did anybody Rubino? I think all those joints closed up. Are we Rubino? I don't know. You don't know? I don't know. I'm sure Bobby Rubino died. I'm pretty sure. And I think there's no more Bobby Rubino. There's still his Tony Romas though. I suppose. In fact, speaking of Berlin, there was a Tony Romas in Berlin. And it was pretty good too. And it's gone. If in last, I think it lasted maybe a year or less. And it's gone. It was a beautiful building too. And I'll glass building in Otei Romas. And the Germans said, Fah. I guess they didn't like it. Because it's gone. In fact, when I was there, I looked to one of the Germans and I said, Do you like it? And he said, no. And he looked at me and he went, Do you like it? I said, yeah, I like it. And he said, hubs and dread. There's no turning back. The order of Norya. You guys are looking to read. Nobody can stop it. Rubino said, a queen of Rubino. Noriega who is in very good health dammit. He returned to Panama as soon as possibly a 72 years old. He wants to go home. He has no intention remaining here. Where Beno said, the Norya good doctor. In fact, when Nazlan gives us a Miguel, whatever she's going to give him, give him a big kiss on the list and tell him that he is at a 20 years to my life. And that's the truest GD thing that I can tell you right now. And that's sweet. That's a terrible thing. That's a terrible thing. That's a terrible thing. That is a terrible thing. It is. True. Makes me want to pinch you on the cheek. No, thanks. The Norya good doctor at the Montenegro court contains no motion opposing the release. The prisoner located around the Buries Internet page confirms that the release date provided by Rubino September 9th. Manu and Norya will be at a place nearby you. He'll probably be doing limbo rock at Westland in the T-room. Norya gave a rule of Panama from 81 to 89. He held an apartment like sell and apartment like sell at the Federal Correctional Institute in Southwest State County. An apartment. Use the apartment he said. In Panama, Norya gives still faces charges and connects with the disappearance torture and murder of political leader Hugo Spadafore in 1985. The death of members of the one of the fence forces of 89 after military uprising and for justified enrichment. In other words, a thief. Rubino said that Norya is willing to deal with that situation in Panama. The current president of Panama, Martin Pledihos, seven general Omar Tereoos from Hormorv, Professor Great Loyalian Appreciation. General Tereoos, the Panama from 1965 until 81, regarding Norya's return to Panama, there is no unanimity. Whatever that means. In March 2006, a close friend of Norya could tell the panoramic Israeli La Prensa and the former ruler would not return to the country. According to Mario Ragnoni, he also said, La Prensa sounds Italian to me. Why would that be in Panama? The Italians in Latin America is loaded with Italians. Do you know that? Yes. Actually, I can read one more. I had a Chinese people even Jews. Oh, there's a few Jews? Oh yeah. We got lots of Jews here in Toronto. We got lots of Chinese. Now we got Chinese up the old... ...back to home, but. Jew name it. And boy, do they like to gamble the Chinese? I don't know what that's all about. I beg you for an insolent joke. They smoked those little faggots, you know? In fact, that misoakushi, my very first guest on here, you know, my second guest, my first guy was the... ...was Garrett Sloan from the Dave Wateren in the sewer authority. I've had to sit live in, would fall off the chair if he realized they remember that. What a memory. What was his name? Garrett Sloan. No, the Chinese guy. Oh, misoakushi. Misoakushi. Misoakushi kuchi. And he was in this macro by autocrat. And always, why did he tell me, oh, he's going to live forever. And he's eating this macro by autocrat. He smucked his little nasty smell, little, you know, where they really, really tiny... No, they're like the little cigars. What do you mean? Oh, okay. I said it. And he's dead. To make a long story short, all these people attended it in a live forever. They got it. Prophecy seven a Q.A. I can join the two hours. One in seven Americans suffers from a terrible affliction. And while others find it funny, to those who haven't, it's no laughing matter. It's called frequent burping syndrome. It's terrible. I'll be on a date or a business meeting. And... Excuse me. See, see what happened? Frequent burping syndrome. It can ruin your life. But it doesn't have to. Now there's a clinic that can help. Trains specialists, sensitive to the needs of compulsive belchus. A special place known as burp inders. Gosh, burp inders saved my life. The Joanna and I were in love. I really wanted to ask for it a merry me, but I just knew that when the moment of truth came, I'd let out with a big ripper. You know? S- Burp inders. No shame, no guilt. No more tummy rumbling, smelly belches. No more stopping in midsittance to uncorcorca big cheesy blaster. Just caring professionals. And the help you need. Don't wait. Here's the number to call. Five, five, five, two, eight, seven, five, five, five. Burp inders. Call today and stop being so gross. Absolutely. I mean, absolutely. Talk to me back. Yeah, take you back to the day, man. I owe D days for radio days. Well, we worked on a real radio station. I was like not doing all the talking about the same ballgings all day over and over again. Let's see. Let me find one of the other ones. From way back. Oh, here it is. Wow. Same era, right? Yeah. Don't my songs all those think the same. They say, too. They think they smell real bad. So does Bobby downtown Bobbi. He's like the underwear world is one of my favorites. Oh, yeah. Do I got sent? I bet you I do. The underwear world of a job. I'm still. I'm not all boy. Ah, nothing. That's up to the. I let's hear from him again. Can't go. Let's see. Underground. Underground world is the best one. Maybe something is not for us doing. There are four of them in here. Yeah. I don't see any of them. The underwear world. I've been put in the DCS. Oh, so they're not in here. They're on my list. I got to get. I got to get busy on that. What's the underwear world of J.C. Tonight on the National Geographic Special. Then in 14th. You can't pursue a deserved. Several changes in his cruise behavior. As we enter the S.R.I.G.S. or C.I. I know there's that feeling. As a movie is what suit and slipped into. I provided surftady with matching French contenties. I am a guest. But the entire crew of the clip saw. As suddenly changed into Pica-Boulanger. And put your priorities. Do this. The season premiere of The Underwear World of J.C.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S. I guess we're going to be trolling online again, I don't know how that's going to work out. Chicken Egg in Handle. Well, far away. What's wrong with that? Why are you like sticking up for him now? I mean, I love him like crazy in his bald spot. Especially chicken egg, but I don't think it's that much of a job. I'll see what it entails. But you'll see the entry else. You don't see how daunting it is. I don't want to see his entry else. I guarantee that. Why can only imagine? What have we got here on the pool, what sucks most about A.M. radio? And we got 12.6. Well, we got over the 1200 hump. And we need, we got 54 minutes to get 94 votes. That's not even two a minute. You people ought to be able to do that for us. You made this number one again in the middle of a grotesque death mill, a waiting vote for QM in a fallbook. Death mill grotesque. Man, we got hoes bad in the sports segments. But they made us number one again. The audience saw it. They always, they always come through for us. The caller's never come through any one on a while because they aren't any. And that's well, there might be one. QAM, hello. All right, that's good to know. Speaking. See, like I said, there aren't any. I didn't he sound like a real problem right in the beginning? No. Oh. Oh. Who'd he sound like? A smock? Oh, he didn't sound like one of them. But yeah. A different one. I think I speak to Neil. And there was the first tip all, right? Yeah. He was like, what a number like that. My first tip off was when I saw that re-life link. And that there was somebody on. And I thought to myself, oh, what kind of an idiot is this going to be? Well, if you would like to people speak for a quiet out loud and talk for more than one second, right? We'd really be in deep trouble. Jim Lowbe, Bush continues to unite the world against him from the interpreservice. He connects the world against him. Dot dot dot. Just like that online thing with dot dot. Did we ever find out what does that won't put the word out? Nope. Well, Eric is better sprain that to us because he had that link on there. But I don't you know, link Ray. Wasn't that amazing that I'd link Ray in the Raymond and Rumble. Well, what a memory. Just like what it was that I remember last hour. I don't remember. About my first guest on KAT. Yeah. It was already booked for Dick side who was doing the show. And then it can't as as they heard me to do three to six. And then they let me do two to six because I was doing so well on KAT and they raised me all the way from 225 bucks a week to 275 a week. Thanks a lot, Eucola. That was Eucola Katsentine. Who's husband Frank was long since then, but there's a big picture of him on the wall. Frank Katsentine. Oh, I think this is the, uh, did I just hear that shout? I think it's the alarm. Tell the fire drill. I'm maybe I just maybe I'm imagining. Anyway, Jim Lowbe says, despite two years of a concentrated effort by Secretary of State Condom Lee's a rice and a public diplomacy major, Doma Kiran Hughes, the Bush Washington's global image, more people around the world have an unfavorable opinion of U.S. policies than at any time and we said, remember, according to a new BBC poll released on Monday. The survey was pulled more than 26,000 people in 25 countries including the U.S. between November and January. Found that a 49% plurality over all believes that the U.S. is playing a mainly negative role in the world today. Absolutely. Compared to less than a third or 32% have said Washington's influence was mainly positive. In the 18 countries were responsible for access and court to meet to the past two years, the latest poll thought a substantial drop in the percentage is said they viewed U.S. in Zones' positive from 40% in 2005 to 36% last year to 29% in 2007. According to World Public opinion these days, the U.S. government hardly seems to be able to do anything right, so it's Steve and Cole directed the University of Maryland's program of international policy attitudes, PEPA, PIPA, which along with Canada-based Globescan conduct a survey. Can I take a PEPA as your PEPA? Germany and Indonesia were nearly three out of four respondents said they had a mainly negative opinion in the U.S. influence were the least favorable, while 69% of French and Turkish-refinited Greece. The sharpest drops in positive ratings over the past year were found in Poland, 62% can 26 compared to 38% in 2007. In Indonesia, 40% to 21% the Philippines 85 to 72 in Indonesia, 44 to 3%. Response in the U.S. also showed greater opposition to the government's policies and previous years to court of the survey. Another Washington Post ABC News published on the eve of the last night's stay the Union speech to Congress found that 65% of respondents opposed the so-called surge of more than 21,000 additional U.S. troops to erect while 48% called the World The Most Important Issue Today, which is why I didn't talk about it too much. What is the changing vote over? The findings of the BBC poll echo those of another major survey of 14 foreign countries that released last June by the Pew Research Centers Global Attitudes Project. It found that Washington's global image has slipped over the previous year, especially in Europe and Asia, as well as predominantly Muslim countries and that Washington's continuing intervention are prepared to be the main cause. The new BBC poll found that the most negative user are evoked by policies pursued by the Bush administration connection with its global war on terror and the Middle East. Nearly three out of four overall 73% said the Disapproved Washington's role in the Iraq War, opposition was especially intense in Egypt, France, and Lesbian on, where more than three out of four respondents said they strongly disapprove, hubbed their and dreaded they said to Bush. Whatever that means. At the same time, more than two out of three 68% of were also the U.S. military forces in the Middle East for both more conflict and influence. More than four out of five was funded in Latin American countries, Argentina, Brazil, and Mexico, and in too many two mainly Muslim countries, Egypt and Indonesia took that position. Conversely, only 17% of were also the fellow Washington's military presence exercised a stabilizing influence in the Middle East. The most positive use on this question were found in Nigeria, the only country where plurality was set up with state of lies in 49%, the Philippines 41 in Kenya 40% can't you believe it. Perhaps not coincidentally, the same three countries were the only ones aside from the US itself, where majorities of respondents had watched it influence in the world was mainly positive. On related issues, 67%, 2% of all respondents said they disapprove of Washington's handling of the attendees of Guantanamo, only 16% concentrated in Kenya and Nigeria, India and the Philippines, and US said they proved. Nearly 2, 3%, 65% of respondents, so we're all said they disapprove the US policy during last summer's war between Israel and Lesbianans has below compared to 21% again concentrated in the same five countries who said they approved. I didn't like that. So my best advice if you are going to get your passport and hand in travel around the world is say, hey, I'm Canadian, how's it going? How's it going, how's it going, how is it going? That's what to do it, that's what I do, I wear my Canadian cap and my troop and all other stuff. Now to get a troop, absolutely. You're going to puke, they don't have to do it. Probably. I was speaking a few. Thank you. Well, what's your question? There's well, put between you, he's not to make me puke. Hey, well, fact is shows we don't get laws, do you and Julie women get out of my face? There are two of them are enough to make me anti-Somantic, you know, products and 17 books, we need 83 and 48 minutes. Well, it's going to be tense. What is it in Chris? Can we do it? Definitely. Well, give it a shot, give it a big push. Hey, wait a minute, hold on, there's the first to ride, elbows and down those same sailors. Hey, where the name of mine really rolls, hey, why can't you tell, you're in hell, now you're in hell, now you're in hell. Hey, hold on, look, shagging, but there's a big issue. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Menus? You whey who are I with a little halluc, when I shout back out of HERE to buy an image And they told me, oh, what? They love me. I love my crush, I love my crush, I love the guy who's a... That's what they love, Only hope and love, Can I just show you all? And now, that way, the person who's surprised in their lips It's now a little sense, And where the name of the lensie, Lord, underpants, am I, can't you tell? You're in hell, now you're the insides, And oh, it's very hard, I can tie it at, Only cramps, So, it's about who we see. Oh, wait a minute, this is cool, I can light my senor Right off my own finger! That's what I just did there in the last break, Holy, whatever he said, we got the 1238, And that's pretty great, we need 62 votes for that 1300. You people can do it, we got 41 minutes. In fact, you know what's how the ratio is like, narrowing, narrowing, narrowing, whatever. Yeah, whatever the hell that means, What does that mean? How big are you, friend? Is that I eat it? We'll get it done, just we know we almost never failed, Unless you said somehow to go like, We need 2500 votes by a one-third year, Some stupid crap like that, we can't do that. Here's an article by Andrew Bart Schmuckler, Remember him? Who? I don't know, I think it's too long, I don't think I'm going to get the whole thing down, I never get that in by the break. So, you got a patient man, Oh, here's one, this is disgusting. A highly-amant faces up to four-licenses after a brow or jury yesterday convicted of sexual battery with a weapon, and several other charges stemming from an October 2005 attack in Baby. When I hear about sexual battery reminds me of Sally Fitz. Yeah. Well, I'm a woman was forced in her apartment by an assignment who then raped it at her, and forced it to write a man check for 1400 bucks. Anthony Roberts, 26, was arrested minis after he tried to catch the check, he completed not guilty of the charges. That's a real rocket scientist, okay? I'm going to rape you, and then write me a check in the avocado trying to catch it real fast. Leave jury deliberated for less than now, since he scheduled for February the 23rd. Lots of bad stuff in high all year. All that stuff out there, a wasteland man, where they're doing a limbo run, and he'd be real careful next time you folks don't go to the T-Rollmen in the Westland. That's just my best advice to you. I think that Hanky Spanky is still going on over there. On the morning after President Bush has stayed in the human speech, today's New York Times reports on Iraq's fragile democracy, says the Roth story, it's pretty raw. Iraq's parliament in recent months has been a distanced, till they mean cave reports. Nearly every session since the members been a adjourned because as few as 65 members made it to work, even as they in the absentees are in salaries and benefits worth about 120 grand. Part of the problem is security, but Iraqi officials also said they feared that members were losing confidence in the institution and the country's fragile democracy as chaos is deepened, parliament's relevance is gradually receded. I mean, it's read that again, as chaos is deepened, parliament's relevance is gradually receded. The Ozone important legislation was recently the oil law now take place largely out of public view with parliament when it meets representing the final decisions. As a result of official said, vital legislation involving the budget, provincial elections and amendments to the constitution remain trapped in a legislative process that processes nearly nothing. Except maybe that cheese, that craps cheese, that craps cheese, food product. American officials long hoped that the parliament could help foster dialogue between Iraq's increasing refractive ethic and religious groups, but that is not happening either. Go to buy American leaders frustrated in this route to prove that Iraq and government itself senior Iraqi officials have clearly had enough. Mr. Moshe Dhaning, Mr. Mishigoyam said parliament would soon start firing members, 400 are finding members for the box for administration and replace the absentees that they feel to obtain a minimum amount of the time. Some of the rational season leaders say attendance has been undermined by a wideening sense of disillusionment about problems ability to improve Iraqi's daily life. Gornish kelpens, what they say. Now what they say in Iraq, Gornish kelpens? All the time. Too much youth talk, man. You better cut it down. The country's dominant issue, security is controlled by the government's military and the office is a prime minister. Every bombing like yesterday, which killed 88 people at the downtime market, suggests the problem in laws that are irrelevant in the face of straw and chaos and the government's inability to stop it. All the more reason why, we've got to just give it a little more time. Give the bush myster a little more time. When do you say? No. And better take a drink of your fresco. It's a real messiah. We're going to apologize. I'm not going to. Call 4404 votes on the poll. We need 56 votes and 37 minutes. You do the math. Can you do it? Man. I'm gagging. 1246, see they're coming in like little chunks. I think that's what I got my throat now. Little chunks. Lots sucks. Most about AM radio. There's your presence. Big meal. Thanks for your work. Some friends and speaks. And different ends of the political structure. Maybe you can't. And look who we shake in his hands. Then hisonity, smiling. Then his shouldn't he suck it right in the jail. Okay, and now John Kerry's going to speak in the Senate won't that be exciting, huh? You want to hear John Kerry speak? I Hey, that's what they said, you know That's what they said. He just see the thing about him is that here's a decorated Vietnam War veteran and they swept voted him and he kind of like set back and took it, you know, he just took it Because he had the balls to tell it like it was during one of the most grotesque periods of time in the history although I will say this I think this there aren't as many dead soldiers yet There's only about 363 now only as compared to 58,000 came home and body bags from Vietnam But here's a war against the country that didn't invade us wasn't a threat to us wasn't that a kill nobody had nothing to do with 9-11 Nothing to do with Al Qaeda and the public is like We're like that and the polls say this and the polls say that and it's like, you know Well, what's the use and I am I correct? I think our Right, I'm right on time I got my thumb right on the heart of the issue and It's because the the public and the congressman now we got an democratic Congress in a lot Let's see them start to grow up here, baby. Let's see them start screaming bloody murder and yelling That's what they should have been doing last night They should have been getting down there feet and yelling murder, torture or butcher They should be going crazy like that Like Al Pacina, I got Attica Attica Attica Attica They have to know with the frito right John Kisau now is there any other movie we ever saw him in it was that pretty much it I don't get how many day go get any work? Great ball going by come out on a one word I know what that he's doing But what again what they were I don't know he font day will never get that movie. I don't get how many day go get you He's also dead. They got to play the jack-loss He died last night long remember? Yes, lots of other than commensate. He's dead Right Ava go to test you he's dead. Oh, he's not he's not and he's never got it Get out of here. Hey, I was saying that he was dead for years and he refuses to die Just make you say boy. I heard he sleeps with the fish and What's his name? Ireland brand. Of course is dead They buried him in like 14 15 caskets they had like Kind of together You know was done in that many movies actually the deer hunter who wasn't John Kazel Oh The godfather's the deer hunter dog day as you know the conversation and the American way The conversation with Jean hacklin boys that upon this movie. Do you ever see that? No, I heard that it was always a swiveoy table and it goes on and on it's a guy Like some kind of secret agent and he's listening in on these conversations and he's in a truck You know, it's not a ring and that's pretty boring 26 past one a QA and we got 12 49 on the full we need 15 one votes in 34 minutes If this audience can't do that for us it's gonna be a sad day. It'll be a losing day wood by him I'll say that will find a bad machine Okay, do I think they can and let me ask if we get 1300 you like it. I would love it First he mad Test you as alive Spruly This is the story of a coach named Nick Saden He is the guy who just inserted the dolphins Seems he doesn't care what other people might call him He's some kind of an elf into the dolphins coffin It didn't take long on it to decide He was gonna leave and coach Grinson's Whenever he was asked about it he always lied We watched Nick take a money and run Go on take a money and run So long take the money and run Go on take the money and run So long take the money and run I'll roam around the sidelines in that stupid head With team and now they're feeling so flat I wonder what when I think oh really think so fast The dolphins are sinking ship and it is a wrap doing one do that every Snick gifts for leaving sounds lame it doesn't accept whole lot of money That's bloody and if it was you you know that you do the same But yet I guess that's why Nick doesn't feel anything good for you go on take the money and run with How old are you? Go on take the money and run Bye So long take the money and run you are a minus Oh, that was good That's your fit in there just beautifully What a potty mouthful old bag she is but you're right here real who cheese my kind of judge 133 on there's those two missing kids again that aren't missing anymore, which are really terrible That story You mean those ones that liked it according to Bill O'Reilly I fact don't you remember when Bill had that kid on he asked him to like it. Yeah, that was the first thing Some hundred and sixty month votes we got money seven minutes for 39 votes old that should be easy should be a piece of cake cake So anyway, Tessio is still a lot of freedom of my godfather expert out there a radio man What? Did you look at a bitch? No, I don't have to look at a goat. He's immortal. He's never gonna die Why sure which we hit some of those drop-ins? Like we're he says we hit Bruno Tettagio three o'clock this morning. It's just the way he said it just he was great He's gonna he still always like that. Oh, I'm Italian Let me tell you something my crock Nick friend. This is legitimate I swear I can do that look a brush You should have fish oh, it's magic even if you want a conjure of moe green So let's hear some more you know who I am I'm moe green I made my bones when you were going on with cheerleaders. I want to make them an Alfred game Oh poorly, no see him no more See he was beautiful There was you he was in some she was the greatest piece of ass. I love I had not had of all over the world Mark Everybody said like no No, what the heck you're taking a spary person He you know, I hate to say it, but I've been Marlon Brando. He were you said that the other day didn't ask Suddenly James car. He was great. He was a sterico when he said he had a best pretty bit his hand You know when you know when he was getting beat up. Yeah. I'll wait. I'll wait Some under the 60 feet. We wrote some a poll. Yeah, I got to see the I was getting 85 messages last night about the fact that they there are all these different versions of it You know, I probably have any movie that's ever been made there are more different versions available on VHS and DVD of the godfather than any other one There's the trilogy. There's the whatever What's that other one call the bill with godfather's saga? Yeah, so I'm a saga Whatever and we're let's get back to this thing. Okay, so fish is still a lot That's good. Thank God. You don't think for the fishes like Luca Brotsie It's an old Sicilian message now how about Sicily, Sicilia don't you want to go there? I was talking last week about that. Remember call the only Yeah, what are Call the only maybe what's his name has some early on the topic Telly the old man will be sitting there. I don't think Apple is going to be sitting there. She's kind of gone to pieces Yeah, I don't know about Publitude From parabla la quina 254 let me say it again. It's not a tenon don't they is not a tenon Oh yeah, but that's what I can sense. I'm a peaceful crappy. It's all in anyway. Didn't who did Al Pacino Michael? Well last time I checked he has a file movement on the end of his name Al Pacino I don't mean that. Oh, he didn't okay not if you're raised here. Maybe he maybe he was looking for Jim quanta banana I haven't seen that guy again or his pace the other way. Yeah, God. I hope they're not there today Everybody get on your knees and pray new gets are really good my sheen today. It would buy maybe he only usually goes on Monday Those Saturday wins the 264 and a pool and he's 36 votes in 24 minutes. I have a feeling this audience is gonna come through I've had to there leaning on it right now as soon as they get off their knees after praying for the old man in the machine I think they're lean on you think so I can feel it. I can smell it. Maybe that's what you smell in the studio Maybe it's the stench of all I rotten equipment you got in that suit that you surrounded with that could be You know something we we officially be announced today. We just don't care You know we don't calculate we can make our own show here We don't need any assistance from engineering from the sales department from the management department and only only from a girl Seriously next time if I ever see him again I'm gonna give him a kiss right on the leap. It leaps all water He'll leap Where now I give him a kiss on a cheek I think he's a little but he's he couldn't handle it. You think no Why not no run like a set of the bitch? Seriously why I told you all the young guys everybody can old guys young guys They kiss each other on both cheeks when they see each other both Yeah, that's right and in France here in Italy Yeah, it's actually in Spain the home will come in a spania. There was a thing She can see the How they don't I know some spanures and they never try to kiss me on the cheek. I'll tell you what they do kiss though Brother between that you got a little just just don't even go there. Okay It's gonna be just like that kidney and bowl morning show this morning. Okay Johnson my ass. They'll have to see that Look at their nose Joe Biden and there's Chris Dodd and there's Chuck Hagle the former ladies's committee But I'll be put a loop put him up and on more time give his Iraq plan to send more troops They are more time well a 12 hours later 9 a.m. The Senate former ladies committee Gabbled in Hearing where they were gonna just go and debate a resolution that they just passed the vote was a 12 to 9 One Republican crossover a Republican sponsor of that resolution Chuck Hagle and essentially what is Resolution nonbinding symbolic resolution says is that it is not in the national interest of the United States To send more troops to Iraq they changed the language slightly there was a word in their escalated It had said that it was not in the national interest so they passed a 9 by the resolution What it means nothing but a beat but a boot that about crap you could unwrap all the slime all the time The I'm on the point now! On the point now that's... Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! I'm so proud of you! Don't go to the council now, don't go to the council! I'm so proud of you! Don't go to the council now, don't go to the council! I'm so proud of you! We are the session! Namaste! We are the session! The awards. The ten! Five!! Too excited! 30 times! Our time broke down! The more important of exams... And that has to be done. flick at the man. It's perfect idea. Gibson! The wins everything. Thank god! What a shame, it's door... Martin all yourie! My hands are on my back if I hold the door back! Hi! They both took it away! one forty four sixteen will two man come over to the top of the hour we got twelve hundred eighty folks and I thought we were doing a slide right in there to uh... thirteen and all the sentences left stopped so we've got caught in the deep freeze twelve eighty and i like that i read not all right we need twenty-wasn fifteen minutes should be that uh... we uh... the feces will but nevertheless get on and folks be really disappointed with break my will hard anybody believe it all not just make it up but it would be uh... disappoint and you know what i've been forgetting to remind the sort of it's almost all the one one that somebody a faxes to see this is this news is little bit of a old but i thought you might find it interesting also they've got a big billboard advertising man cow and moral gables so i turned it on right in front of the billboard heard nothing but static at night there's no resistance they can i can hear w ab c from the or better than w m e n r w f t l which also have a little like oh point oh like that and then here's another one it says broadcaster widiom bj has filed a lawsuit against the inscristal broadcasting owned by jim hiddard claiming trans market or trademark in what i say trans market trademark infringement over you said the name man talk radio in kishland that jim's crystal allegedly contacted bj from it personally using the name which bj has used in radio shows and more recently online bj bj animal to name is claim to have declined permission but the company went ahead and read w m e n a m n a l a formerly w j n a west palm bj's man talk i thought this show was man talk is never i talk about most of the time is man talk right according to bj's attorney the suit is about jim's crystal broadcasting's violation of the floored the septic and anti-traded practices act which will potentially work bj ten thousand dollars for each time oh yeah for each time the name man talk was used on the air which could i've up to millions and millions and five zillions and trillions into the casinians and dollars when contacted by radio in chames crystal he feed g m Steve lapa and the norma kens says everything he touches turns to a dung Steve lapa said that he and his company don't think a suit over the right to a word has much merit lapa wouldn't come at further because the ongoing litigation in the matter pre-skiddle for this Friday now wasn't at uh... i bet you're christ knows this what's the word that uh... uh... pat uh... riley had treat three peat is not the word yes and then he's too much of people and he wants to do that believe over the word three people which he invented three peat well not even vented up the uh... trade market i'm gonna be a trade market and he uh... suit people whatever three peat how many cigarettes you got in your pocket three peat and we have twelve eighty four and we need some more you know this is not it looked like it was going to be a uh... no no drain or probably uh... twelve eighty six we need fourteen votes in thirteen minutes should be a breach shouldn't they finesse degrees twelve days well see let's see whether the audience comes through whether they premature evaluation peater flam on common dreams dot org rights a victim is response to nine loving's act of man he says i'm a victim of nine eleven i was in the building with a plane hit compared to some people i was lucky i wasn't injured i kept my job i got home easily but compared to the vast majority of americans i'm a victim had glass in my here i lost years working some irreplaceable items my family went crazy for while wondering if i was okay my kid had nightmares you explained to a five year old why in his words they crashed into the building on purpose or applied to i thought pilots were good people i'm a victim in other way i share part of this victimhood with all other americans i'm a victim not a terror but the so-called war on terror i'm a victim of government that is out of control i'm a victim of crushing national debt i'm a victim because i live in a country that went from having the sympathy of the world to one of this a pariah and i've cast among nations a rogue state i'm a victim because now i have to watch what i say i'm a victim because my rights are violated not by some nebulous and inemical group of terrorists but my but my own government they don't speak for me but another way i don't share this other victimhood my victim with is being abused i've watched for years is my government our government is with all the way my rights still in my freedoms and recticum's decision in the name of a false security i've watched and watched and watched as it used my name i victim would to make me a victim once again they don't speak for me so i post this diary and i will take action i will volunteer i'll give money i'll make a difference this is my country this is my victim and i will not have it abused i'm no martyr i have no death wish i hope that no terrorist ever strikes anywhere again but the fathers of this country knew what they were doing they wanted freedom they demanded freedom they put their lives their fortunes and their sacred honor on the line to win freedom and i was reduced to this but it is worse even than this it would be one thing to pay to have the price to increase our safety but we paid the price for nothing we've arrested thousands of people and let them go we've spied on our own citizens and found out nothing we've relied ourselves with torturers and yet we are not safe i've got ready indeed by making our enemies united we made ourselves weaker and our enemies stronger this victim demands an end to the war on terror that is really a war on america impeached the president right speeder floma statistic in an on-proper research company independent consultant lives man with his life in two kids impeached the president to which i was and so we're gonna have to say a man sir probably six is this thing stuck or what how about Elvis and stuff on you have a two got to go to get it yet we loaded while we got 1290 no i don't know we got 1286 it's still stuck there on the same number that can't be possible could have been some connection timeout problems over here well that's pretty interesting because all of a sudden when we need thirteen ever votes it's like this thing is on the path to get as they say in Denmark it's just been stuck on air like that you know that's not possible maybe air is frozen it just make it a little more exciting i think it's a little bit free there's Elvis and stuck on you baby get a crane get a crowbar please okay i think i think there's something that wrong with us yeah it's stuck in 1286 and you know that well that they're uh i'll you know that's that is not legit you'll do one yeah tell our people is somebody is patchking around with our damn a computer on her you know it's got to be an active uh something active the devil i think it's the polis stuck asking if it's polis stuck 1286 and it's just sitting there and i'm refreshing and refreshing like that and it ain't doing the same not good that's not a good omen for my afternoon a woodbind i might have to go to like start with a nickel machines i just love watching those people i realize that a lot of people are slupper's me or in total have a good time whatever you know it's all relative yati yati yati yati but i just don't know about that you know and the two sent machines here we'll play the two penny machines no i didn't know they had any or oh yeah and they are jam this thing is stuck man it's still got 1286 so somehow some way somebody has put the evil spurs into our uh polis don't don't just put the way in the on it they put they maybe they're looking those old shows from whammy that would do it for me whammy god it sucks yeah thanks a lot for that Marvin that's another one of your good friends Marvin i must forget about him Marvin the raw man you know once he had him come with defola let me tell you that's what i heard that's just a rumor going around town so what sucks the most about a m radio we're still 1288 now in other words you really think they're coming in that slowly now 1288 we got 1288 minutes i mean it's a possibility still but boy we are really up against the wall i've been up against the wall from 91 that they need nine and eight minutes yeah i think these people got loaded with false insecurity i think it's Chris's fault that's it i think it Chris would have come on here and we started threatening these people like physical harm and believe me you could do it Chris is going to come in your house and sit on yeah it's good when i don't get a shelter i'm a good person because we're not taking calls w q a m hello w q a m hello how do you know what i'm talking about calls now we'll get 13 the biggest way to stop this challenge to the business we will rockers force radio 560 we're gonna get six if i have 13 i'm gonna win a zinni dollars to that five so you'll find a good machine oh if anybody has a opinion this is something from our way we'll play your name and do that's it i send them me out that's it don't even have a two-quand around subscribe the hands our pay everybody is standing The if you hire here's using cars m this green since beforestation you mine woo boom Similar rubber land I CHUCK YOU S Man TO CARD new Nintendo Cypher WANT You're a good boy for a friend. We love your husband. A roving Jamie Bushman. You're the best to wear, say. We don't like to see our job. But at times it's blue. We're the same baby by Jane. Welcome. Don't see no stupid fools. All the hell on the screen you seem. The fact that Paris can win. And everybody's turning five. Yes. Fash as you were saying. Oh my god. Bye bye.