And he's from Get A Lot of B. Alright! We'll see what Rogers has for it's whole baby, the O.W.U.A. Yeah! Well, I know my sister, all my life. That is why she's now my wife. And I think my son may know it's true. He's my nephew too. Well, my daddy is my uncle, Joe Mother, his mother, and his wife, O.W.A. and his very plate of sea, and my first cousin is me. Well, I got your test message. George and I have test message back and forth of my sister's one, because there are people having issues. Their pages are not receiving no mail. They're not for the teacher. Yeah. My sister's screwed up. And of course, our QAM situation, all the technical problems all the time, man, just to part of life, you just have to go with a flow. And then how goes? Right. Go with a flow, because some technical things really below is the way it goes. But I got your little test on her. Is it exciting? Oh, yeah. Here's the pull from yesterday, and speaking of pulls on the sea, I hate this pull today. Oh, look at that. It's in second place, 17.5%. I bet you George voted 100 times. I told you I voted twice for Geng Show. Oh. Which is winning. Right. Well, that's just silly people, you know. And why do they need to Geng Show? When they've already got American Idol. Because only the opening rounds are like the Geng Show, and then it gets really boring and who cares about that. Well, I don't know, because I don't watch it anyway. Oh, there's Susan Candy, O.W.A. The other way around. We're going to watch weird people do weird things. Well, whatever. Here's the pull from yesterday. 1352 votes. Pretty weak, as matter of fact. What is the reaction you get when you see? I know that this Charles B is really appreciate. All these pulls people send in. But when all of the pulls you people keep sending it. Or about, well, Nio, what is he wearing when he's sitting there? And when's the last time he had wild diarrhea? And, you know, all this other stuff about about. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know what that is. It's really ponderous. But it killed the killer. Kill the a pull. Just like I got killed yesterday, it would mind. Well, it would mind when's it? What about everyday is going to be not good. No good machines, man. But that's the way it goes. It's only money. Why is that important? What's the reaction you get when you tell others you listen to Nio? Who's Nio Rogers? To end in twenty six twenty four point one percent. And part of that is the tremendous promotion we get here on WQAM. You can't complain about our promotion because we don't get any. I don't tell anyone I listen to Nio. 169 probably a good idea. Keep it quiet. Keep it in the family. All right. So do I. 151. Well, that's good. Very enthusiastic. But that's only 11 percent. It's not like, you know, although Chris said, yesterday that everybody out there loves me. You really believe that? No. No. He's not saying. Well, a drawer against it for me. No. I can't stand that bastard. How many? The way to make it. All right. So do I. 151. I sound too bad. Still 11 percent. I can't stand the bastard. 11. There's so many choices on here. Like, trying to weed sideways. He's still on a fatty retired or died. Did it. 90. You like Nio to. I love him. He's the center of my universe. I want to meet him. Stock him. Do him. Be him. Where is his skin? Body suit. 78. 80. The greatest. 67. Why? I have. Laughter 55. Laughter like. Yeah. He did laughter. I hate this poll. Only 52 yesterday is P.40 percent. So it's a fight of your negative. See you at the moment. It was being a negative. Okay. You F and Tommy Pinto 48. When is he on? What station 38? Like you listen to a F. 34. If you get away from me 50. Why do you listen to an atheist six? What is so funny about that? It just was. Was it winning? Well, you're tickled easily. That's good to see. Sorry. I get to do a whole lot of things. That's good. Thank you for the talk. I'm just making sure that it's not too bad. You're talking about some of the people. It's not a good thing. So let's make sure that you're talking about some of the people. They're not good. They're not good. They're not good. They're not good. They're not really good. They're not good. They're not good. They're not good. They're not good. We're not good. You don't. Didn't you say all day yesterday that he hated his poll? I'm speaking objectively. I think most people don't care about the game. Show is it. I got other issues with this my spacecraft man my space is the antichrist far close It does and maybe because I took time off there yesterday. I think he's punishing you know I had nothing to find what I hadn't thought about that. Yeah, think about that But my page is working fine. It's other people's pages That are have got issues, but that's okay. There's more than one way to slice a fish Which now do you think game show should they bring back to TV that I don't see anything wrong with that poll? 770 votes in George thinks it's another one is all living in the past polls. It's for old people We know what to bet some people The gong show The gong show 100 in 50 times read the same people back the Chuck bears die Chuck bears he did not dare sure He's still in the tank. It's probably very well preserved. Yeah, he's a killing people for the CIA He's probably killing a bunch of Iraqi militants in surgeons But there's Prince Harry over there. He's deployed in Iraq. There he is What do they see actually? He was a maggot magnet or something like that the target of hostility and all kinds of Don't fire Too bad they don't kill a whole world family. That would be good. That's bad. I shouldn't say that, but I do mean that They don't make me sick yet. Oh much of Including the queen sisters. I didn't know what I've done die. She doesn't cancer something which one whatever They all look so freaking constipated which of course they are constantly with a bracelet anemic base nasty It looks like sour. There you go. Look sour. They look like they really don't go regular. I'll tell you that with all that crap that they you ought to be going every five minutes Which now do you fuck game show? Should they try to bring back to TV the gong show wins 150 it hands down your pants I hate this full one 35 17.5% hated. They hate. Oh, oh We don't like all that hate all that negative to attitude So anyway, what's your last fourth injury? The newly wed game 95 match game 74. That's what I voted. I love that show on your right gene raverence dead It would never be the single out him with his bell bottom pants and those lapels and there was a mutton chop Cyburns you always lie. I would have I say that that's what they were That's what they call the mutton chop Cyburns back by the same he didn't have those but Richard Dawson He yes, he did he didn't have those you are absolutely in character Gene raver and had mutton chop sideburns all right He has as big bell bottom pantaloonies, all right, and they have those real thin pencil thin microphones Merr the ones used to the handheld mics right anyway look like an antenna it did with a ball on it Newly wed game 95 match game 77. Let's make a deal 40. Myody hostile live He's a good Canadian Jewish boys 150 years old. Let's make a deal 40. He made millions from that show Money call he's a very wealthy guy. Do know that? Yes Canadian guy win Benstein's money 38 You know Benstein you can shove it okay. You can wipe with all your money. I hate him Right wing piece of turd self hating right wing Smuck the dating game 34 now. He might still be alive. What the gym lane? All right I can't even imagine I'm I remember I don't remember what the hell was on but they brought back somebody old game show hosts Maybe it was on the biography channel. I don't know but they brought them back and you know when you haven't seen a celebrity in about Oh 20 30 40 years and then all of a sudden you seem for the first time and like oh my god He's got the mask of death on his face. He don't look at day over 180 You know what I mean not good I could once they go away. It's a good idea. Don't come back Don't come back. We don't want to see again. It's 2D pressing. It's a reminder like the polley did yet at the other day about to get an old The dating game 34 spots my line 26 they're all dead. They're all that except soupy sales To tell the truth 25 but coder. He's logged it. He was Superman on a radio bug coder And I do think I'm not positive, but I think he called himself to an injured Reeves killed himself Superman I've told vision Not good to be super man. Guess not A pyramid 23 or I love the pyramid. They're close to life. He could they could they veg him up a little bit Yeah Well, if anybody deserved it, you know Michael more sure showed him up for what he was and all those years that we worshiped dick Constantation 22 the Joker's wild funny named that tune 20 now that was a ton Kennedy. I'm that named that tune Who was what was he was like Jack Nars his brother It's Jack Nars what I'll show is he on he was on a bunch of shows Jack Nars They were both professional game show hosts and they were brothers Tom Kennedy was on name that's a nice pretty good show I could name that tune in three notes that that that that's it love connection 19 that was the very I'm just Chuck Swillery boy do I dislike him you can't complain about his talent. He don't have any He almost I mean I know you don't like the wheel of fortune but back when they first went on before that We just had the regular prizes mostly cash and you'd have so much money that you'd win and then you'd go shopping Remember that oh, let's go shopping and they had the ceramic Dalmatian and all those stupid Chency things. Let's go shopping anyway. That's your damn new one off the year because Chuck Swillery and how much talent does it take to be the host on that show I mean what does Pat say Jack do to do to see anything clever? I'm using him. I mean I like him. He's fine, but he you know, he didn't do much and the same with your girlfriend Vanna Password 15 Alan Ludden. He's a dead long since dead It was married to that beard that bull-like Betty White Card sharks eight truth the consequences eight the reason I know that Alan Ludden was gay because Bill Carter used to work here with him at WMX in Boston It fooled me about some event that they had some people were dancing in Alan Ludden was dancing with his boyfriend or something like that I don't know about some event that they had some people were dancing in Alan Ludden was dancing with his boyfriend or something like that I don't know they're making different tease long dead So you can out people who are dead. What are they gonna say about it, right? I sell any old James D. They're dead Salmonio Yes, card sharks say two the consequences eight Bob Barker didn't go on that when he gets off the apprises right Say it while the century six. That was a bad show and I do believe that the uncle's Joe Dodd's Yolo was on there Get a check get a check you that was before your time in your lucky Yeah, he was one of the greatest tributes to illiteracy in the history of America man, it had been so many of them Joe Garagio a I least come to Dodd's Yolo because he's to the Chrysler spots Joe Dodd's Yolo get a check Man was he a literate when losing draw five I don't even remember that high rollers, too. Wasn't that out for a week I'll take your word for another Canadian by the way your buddy Alex Travek from a Jeopardy can't stand that show and I can't stand him I used to like him when he was on contrapation But then he got to be real soon when electro care about the panel tails two. Oh, we should also have let's see 800 We should also have oh no I better go back to that email if it's if it's still there This my space thing that they man is really spastic don't Anybody get all panicky out there if your pages all screwed up. It's just a whole bunch of people Everybody is except you know, you know, you said me Other people who have to have the buyers than the nature of the beast Are you starting to pick on me now or what yes? Well, I can't I can't find it now. I think it's in the trash or whatever. I do with it. Sorry, Brad and We're his suggestions Brother well, what I want Press your luck Press your pants and press your luck. How's that sound? Yeah, so those are a couple more you can add on there press your I mean one more press your luck I don't think the polls go in the world like bad. I mean a lot of people hate it like you because they're young Postinator remembering in these shows and anybody doesn't remember the Gon show or watched a game show channel They're missing some pretty good stuff the Gon show is great It has the Gon show movie with a lot of outtakes and behind the series. Oh, so it was actually pretty funny the movie Really and you did see the movie by Chuck Berry hi I did in What bad either that was very good confessions of a dangerous mind very good Excellent George is on top of it today. I just might let him do the rest of the show In the banana republic baby only in Miami What's a game? I just do win Bind the wheel again Oh, then I pick me a letter back up. What do you mean bank? I don't hear how much money I got to spend Can't stand to look at bad say jack again Won't throw in the tower still like by your powers. Oh, then I pick me a letter Hey man, what do you mean there's no action phone? When I pick me a letter no one does it any better? I dream of all two Man, I don't know what to do I don't understand why you make a hundred grand enough for me to say Anyway, get me a stick before and never play Gonna be under wheel of fortune game. I just got to win Bind the wheel again. Oh, man. I pick me a letter Go man. I don't get to go I'm a liar I'm a fake back Is there no one that more? Is a love I don't I'm a liar Forget the letter man. I'll take better. Why do you give away? Think you're a nickel plate or home game That's me. It's the different and narrow plane All right I'm on the wheel of fortune game Can I just not let down? I'm in the bonus round Hey Bind the Pick me a letter Close the turn Close the turn No one does it any better I dream of all two All right, that is an over-hand Man, I don't need to stare but I'm wearing Underwear. Not what me can say Anyway I don't care how much money I got to spend Can't stand to lose. Get my stage. I can't win We'll throw in the towel Still live by your powers Oh, man. I'll pick me a letter Please, man Pick me a letter All right, I'm ready to pick Bidby FBCPFGG Again, I'm a P-B-I-C-V-W-I-C-V-W-I-C-V-I-D That's your government All right, I'll take the sofa The blender, the microwave, the refrigerator And man, what do you mean five hundred dollars For a second, like five and four of our TV said You got ripped off man My brother will not forget to be a home sales Give me the money and I'll buy the TV said, man All right, I got it, I'm on my knees Sir, good people, because lucky me the nearest Probably for doing the least amount of work I'm not knocking them though, I love that show And spend the fight in George Haceth because it's so simple You know, the worst puzzle I could do It takes a long time per question You know The answer is what? Two puzzles per show, three maybe What are you talking about? How many puzzles per show? Do you get to get that? About a half a dozen At least at least I know Yeah, see you know, watch it You know anything about it All right, that's your smarty, I can't even know that you can play a lot You know, 17 points six percent of the audience hates the poll Eight hundred and twenty seven votes, I'd hear like that Mystery smarty pants We have 117 friends at our my space page Only problem is it's probably a lot of who have Some problems but that's my space for it They really do blow you're right, they do All right, I guess I've been very lucky because I've been the time we got blocked at one time I haven't had really any different if you will ease myself But then again, Chris tells me he's have it all sorts he's here in his hero Doesn't have oh yeah No, would you use to it? Sure, yeah, and how what is it to just kind of like straightens itself out after about five weeks or something? Yes, after how long? It's variable. In other words whenever they get around that's right Whatever time gets around it instead of being on it telling Oh, Tom is online, Tom is offline I don't think it's coincidence, I think Tom stuck his finger in my thing Anyway, this facts is kind of interesting only I wish I could read the all of it What did you say on top on the upper left? Something. Oh, lot of I'll tell you to other ones that we left off There's a 64,000 dollar question With how much? You don't remember that? Of course, yeah before you were born It was big scandal about that That was and a 64,000 dollar challenge for that movie Are you listening to me? 64,000 dollar question and a 64,000 dollar challenge That was back Yeah, one 64 grand was a lot of money as opposed to like now when you can buy two loaves of bread with it No, I can't read this facts either It's cut off on my windows. Now, well, who bad? I can't, it's just something. Oh, lot of I can't read it. The game that started the quiz show is scandals along with tick-tag dough Is tick-tag dough on there or not? I don't know, I hate this book Isn't that Twiky Martin Dale? With the 8,500 teeth, that's why you've Martin Dale Tick-tag dough, got it? We got it. And then it says Jim Peck, I have no idea who that is Although I remember that song about him, I love you a bush-l-n-a-peck And then George Fennemann, your surprise package You know, I got a surprise package, but anyway, George Fennemann was a panelist on Quots My Long and you didn't know that, didn't you? Dorothy Kilgallon and Arlene Francis, I think she, I think she just wrote You recently too, Arlene Francis, good And Benet Thurf, Benet Thurf with spoke with the feet C-fact He was a like a calmist George Fennemann and George S. Kaufman He was the only person in my life until Until I went and do what's your name? Joyce Kaufman, who pronounced Kaufman, Kaufman, I've never heard That before, very strange. I mean, we don't know how to pronounce Your own name, you've got real, as they say in the business Issues. Jack Nars was also the answer, I'm kept in video In the 50s. And on Superman versus the moleman, 1951, oh that was my favorite Superman versus the moleman Captain video, well how do you like that? Too bad I can't read the rest of this, so I'm sure it's Moving for Dante up there in the top. You'll see we're going to get a million people calling it about Quay Show today. But what do you know? You're right, even Quay Show is that craft that You know, that who wants to be a millionaire, even you didn't like that? What? I'm just giving the ass in business, okay? I'm giving all of the, I'm giving the ass in business I'm giving the ass in business, I mean, the half hour to ask one Quay Show. That's your final answer. You're a final answer. It's multiple choice, I mean, what kind of Moreons are we talking about? Yeah. And how sure are you the answer? That's me. Oh, but he QI M hello. That was one of the worst you're on, but he Put on eight nights a week. QI M hello. Hello. Yes. I remember the price is right when I was a little kid. I thought it was just a panel of four people with Bill Collins. Bill Collins was the host that's correct. And then When you got to a certain point, you would freeze. Remember that they froze. Remember Mr. Grace from Batman, It would freeze. Yeah. So that's going back some real long time. I remember that because I'm ancient. You and me both. Yeah. And then the same thing with the jeopardy when it was so old. With I can art was an art Fleming? I think so. I only asked that like about it About it two weeks. I'd be ten. We talked about it. Jefford. I think that was a thing. The answer is I hate that show. I've always hated it. I still hate it. Okay. Have a nice day, Neil. You too. Bye bye. Bye bye. See, there are old Farts out there like her and me. Who remember all this stuff? And if you don't, you Missing pretty. I know it was your betterness of crappy put on your now. All these make believe you. Yeah. I'm sure that's a problem today. They don't know how to do game shows. They put this garbage on it. Do you learn no deal or no deal? My ass. Give me a break. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. Now that one haven't even made the connection. WDQAM Hello. I'm Gileal. Good morning. I read a couple of months ago that CBS actually is planning on bringing back Mayn't that tune with your close personal friend Donny Osmond. Yeah, that's right. It's too bad. They also brought back the pyramid with Donny Osmond. With Donny Osmond. You're too ago. Right. And that went over like a pregnant pole. Yeah. Do you remember? I don't you mentioned this when they brought back Maynt that tune in the 70s? Hmm. Yeah. We just end. Kathy Lee? Yep. Oh my god. What did that went off here? We can't complain about her singing because she don't do it. She is brutal. I grew up in New York and our Christmas and each of the patients we used to go into the city all the time and go to see all the games shows. It was great fun back then. There was. It was not like. I know my Georgia so sour and the game shows because he's a young punk. Yeah. Have a great day sweetheart. Listen. I watched games shows when I was growing up too. My point is that. What is your point? What is your point? What is your point? Yeah. They do. I voted for you. I voted for you. It's hard being objective. Okay. It sounds to me that you're doing like this because parents are giving you show advice. I'm just state my opinion then. What do you want me to do? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I would say maybe halfway through. I didn't even mind some of the things like you like that. Yeah. It's all so feisty. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yeah. Oh. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. 1033 27 11 and 560 WQM. Happy Thursday for 22. You know who's birthday it is today, don't you? No. Jordan Washington. Right. Why did you say no? I've been a bass. So tell me about your worst sports injury. What's your best hit on the show? I was running, but then just lately, you know, just incidentally. I had doggy in two. Power with hanging in Mad Dogger four. Henry Goldberg, solo 5 and 7. It's got an asterisk next to it. What does that mean? Throwing your child up into the air count as a 470. You've got to tell him to knock his pants as preview. Panthers host the very exciting Pittsburgh penguins. It's in through my shoulder. And then you got the game that would just he anger after the hockey game. Here's a fact and it says two for the pull on a burning one. He shows remote control and double there. I never heard of the one. I got more recent. I've heard of them vaguely, but I was off of game shows by that time. Remote control. Now that was a movie with what's his name? Kevin Dylan. Correct. That's when he looked really good. He don't look too good no more. Matt's apparently him looked even long time. He all of a sudden got hit by the UV stick on me. Something happened to that child. But he looked a good name. We don't like that remote control. Remember? Yes. That's pretty good. It was part of his moments. 872. In fact, the brand is his way to start doing a pull on the game show. An answer is all of whom are dead like Johnny Olson and all those people. And the truck. Well, now was it got Rod Roddy? Okay. See, you've got to know that it's time to hang it up when you've all lived all the announces on the show like Bob Barker has on a price. Time to hang it up Bob. And what is it? Do you know July? He's making me, he has it. Oh, don't tell me we have another one of those fired rules to go away. Get on here. Maybe it's a real one. Hey, I have your attention please. We're going to win over the living crap out of you now. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you're about to conduct a test. I got a test for you. Okay. My foot. Deep inside your. Ask. Anyway, getting back to the pool. I hate when they do that. I can't they do it before they show these to do it. If they used to do it like 730 in a morning, your line there is sound as safe and all of a sudden. I'm like, you know, not good. All the old people probably complain. I'll be going easy. I beg your pardon. All the old people probably complained. 877 votes. You mean like me? Maybe. I don't complain. I'm out one of those people that runs around. I'm over those condo commando types like you haven't self order running around. I'll see them making so much noise down the whole. And they got kids down. Yeah. I'm not one of those people. And never will be. 87 on the pool, George. That's not too shabby. We'll have way over 900 by the top of the hour. We're going to get a thousand easy today. It's quite a George's. Negative. Even though 18.1% of percentage keeps going up by the way. They hate to pull. Just kissing your ass. Oh, yeah. We're done. Howdy. They bring back to TV the gong show 174. Maybe they can bring back that bold like JP Morgan on there. I think that's what she's dead. I don't know. Pretty sure. And what about rib tailor? You know, one constant about a lot of the game shows the panelists. Not back in that back in the day. The really old ones are what's my line. Which tells the truth. But in later years, most of the, a lot of the panelists, not most. But maybe the more gay. Yeah. Like Charles Nelson and Ryan. That's probably. JP Morgan. Plants my line. Yeah. With soupy sales and benefit and our lean Francis and Dorothy Killgale and your host, John Charles Daily also have long since dead. He used to wear bow ties. I'm really, I don't know. I'm just deaf on guys that wear bow ties. I hate this pool 159. 18% hated. Well, we don't, I don't really care. But they're still listening. See if they weren't involved and if they weren't in the middle of this, then they wouldn't, you know, it's a different story. It's not a tune out. It's quite a what you say. The newlywed game 104. Match game 86 win Benstein's 1-43. How can that have 43 votes? First of all, it's one of the worst shows in history. He's one of the most out of notcious bans. He's ever to come down the aisle. I'll tell you why. Why is that one that half the audience can remember in name? Yes, make a deal. 43. The dating game 41 to tell the truth. Anyone. The pyramid 27. Now I notice we only put pyramid as opposed to like the 10,000 dollar pyramid or the 25,000 or whatever. Yadia or the 100,000 dollar pyramid. 27. Don't we have a bit on it, but I have no idea what it's called. I love it too, but I don't know what it is. And it's referred to as a... Oh, it's about the pyramid. Is it George's, a bush thing? I don't know. I don't know. What's my line 26? Concentration 25. Now the match in the board goes back. I like that show. Q-downs was the first host and then art James and then the anxious Alice Trebeak. I like it too. That was not bad at it. I was easy. Although it was no match game, which was my favorite. Name that 223. Love connection 22. The Joker's Wild 21. As Jack Berry would say, Joker Joker Joker! Remember that he was terrible. He was probably the worst game show host. And he made a lot of money doing it too. And then he'd go to jail because that just didn't end right. I think I may have won. Yeah. The Joker's... Oh, well, how come that's not on here? 21. 21 needs to be on here. That was with Charles... Alfredo by Lord Roth and Charles Van Doren. What a memory. Aren't you impressed? No. I know. The Joker's Wild 21. Do we put 21 on there or do it now? Okay. Password 50. 16. Card charts 9. Truth of consequence is 9. Sable of the Century 7. You're that Jack. He probably is one of my least favorite people who was ever on television in history. Not just as a game show host, but also when he used to do blow by blow on a baseball game to the boy he did blow. Joe Dodge Yola. Sable of the Century 7. When Lucy draw 5, press your luck too. Whammy. Whammy. In fact, I think that's your one off the ear when an answer came on and said, whammy. Got it sucks. Uh, high rollers to tabletales to remote control one, ticked act, though one. That was Twookie Martin Dale with 400 teeth. And the $64,000 challenge and question out of 800 and 808 votes. They just went on there and they got, oh, they go. 21 man. That was Jack Barry. No, number one's involved. I bigger part. You know what else for me? Go right ahead. Hollywood squares. Oh yeah. Hollywood square. Peter Marshall and Paul Lynn and Cliff Arcette Charlie Weaver and George Gobel. Right. And Joseph Gobels and all that crowd. Yeah, I like match game more. And they could find somebody to do with that. That's the problem. They bring me shows back like 400 times now. They've tried to bring back family to the hitter. They'd be Anderson and they got another goofy guy that's trying to be funny. If you don't have the right host, that's what I'm going to tell you. How good the concept is just like the Wheel of Torture man when Chuck Swiller Rues honored, I think was a bomb. Even the Dan Swamic Dalmatian kept running off the set. You know, he's a broken obnoxious Richard Dawson was he was good on that. He was 14 man. That's fine right. That's fine right. That's fine. He was good. And then of course the fact that he would kiss all the chicks on low. What did he kiss the girls and lives? Huh? Because he wasn't a fake. Oh, how do you know that? I don't know that. He has a son, you know. He actually, he was, he was married in divorce end of a 400 times obnoxious drunk, but nevertheless very funny host. I mean, that's a way it isn't life. There are a lot of very good host and they tend to be obnoxious in real life. 20, 20, before 11 at QA. The U. Attention sport holds. Are you gay and heart all day? Make it stay the fastest way. With new heart away. The anti-arepto all robbered in hairlard. Hello, this is Donna Meachie. Perhaps you remembered me from such film as training places in Kaku. I was excited to come back a life detail. You about this unexciting product designed to unexcite you. Next time you're standing in the locker room. Surrounded by naked men. Just grab your legs around the things a guard shaped hard away in hairlard. Before you begin to hate yourself or kill him around. And you'll soften to a flyable mushroom. That folds neatly into a confident and legabs. Up a hardaway anti-grade. And teeth of baggage away. The old job strap just tank what used to be hide your heart away. 1045 and 560 WQIM. So here's the facts from Nick. I just read his thing. Actually, his message is came through. Just fine. So I guess it's selective if they don't like you. Maybe your my space is all screwed up today. I think they don't like Chris. That is correct. But you said you've had these problems before. Oh yeah, but apparently a friend is telling me right now that my my space page is all banged up. They can't send or see you've nothing to me. So they want? They can't send me anything. What is that mean? It's it's my space. It's underpotsky. Yeah. Well, thank god my a page and all banged up. Just hit the eye. I want to communicate with you know things like that. But nevertheless, I'll survive and they will too. Next is a sent the old man to my space messages. I just read them. Okay, Nick just calm down. Okay. These people are so damn pushy man. They're worse than I am. He hasn't read him yet. I just read him. Game show never covered he tried to bring back the gong show and press your luck. They were respectively called extreme gong. That's with a G two G's. Extreme gong and whan he has in whan he got it sucks. I just got through playing it. They were very short lives. So all these jackasses going to bring me gong show back. Wouldn't even tune in when they did it. I don't know. I don't know. Well, the problem is it's like when they tried to bring back the famous restaurant. We're different owners in a different menu and different food and you know, you can bring back the name of a place. Listen, if I had even the name of the places I like it like that. I Chris Kiner. I had no idea that they were trying to bring back the gong show. I would have watched it if I'd known it was on there. If I'd have put a bite. But I was like, like the pull we took yesterday. Neal Rogers is he still on? Who the hell is that? Where's he? You know, all that stuff. One thing we don't want to do when they're sure if they're living in the pan. And if there's anybody living in the past way more than I'll ever be going to do it. It's our close personal ball tent of buddy chicken neck. And I don't know if you give him the kind of swirl that you give me about it. Yes, my god. He's just he is like, uh, don't feel gallant. We incarnated. I think he records old game shows from cartoon networks. And then he gives it to me to watch. And that's the reason that he's so good because he's a certified crazy person. We love it. Yeah, we do, but he's crazy. WDQ. I am. I knew. Okay, sir. Hey, uh, I had a birthday a couple days ago. Yeah. Um, uh, I just wanted to get a shout out for that. But real quick. What do you mean you want to get a shout out for that? A couple of days ago? I told. I told. I told. I told. I told. I told. I told. Did you have a shout out for that? No, no, no, no. That's January 29th. It's Oprah's birthday, unfortunately. Um, that's like a month ago. Yeah. And you want to give a shout out, because you had a birthday about a month ago. What birthday was it? Was like a major number like that. Actually, 31. 31? 31. 31 like my 31st anniversary next, uh, 13 like I said, we're a 30. We got found in common, you know? Right. Thirty-return years in crappy Florida. Um, hoo. I want more thing. Uh, that, uh, rock and broken leave her menu rag on you on unique yeah it was uh... it was funny haunted in hills neco to canal because gave 2000 either is a hee for rack of 13 is a heeb Rakum yeah yeah and a kenny cholly the leader tells heifelKN or he had a horn blessed fish. Friends, guys, Red sense of letter to the Vatican, asking for you. Benedict was 16. Oh, this is the best. To bestow his people blessing on the new fish, snack, or sandwich, Vatican officials confirmed they have received the request. We will keep you posted. Okay, MC, our fish is blessed by the Vatican. All right. And they're showing this guy. He's got all the ashes on his thumb and he's smearing these people on a forehead. I'm going to tell you something. I didn't see anybody yesterday. It would buy an on the street, anywhere in my building. He had ashes smeared on there forehead. Because yesterday it was asked Wednesday. I'm going to tell you a series and reading this from the bottom of my part. Any of you people out there, if you will allow them to do that to you, if you subject yourself to this kind of ridiculous crap, then I just want to cry. I just want to cry. That's why Steve Olim was said, every day I want to cry. So I remember Steve Olimov from Rochester. No, you don't. Steve Olimov. Whatever is name one. Billy Gold sends a fact. This is on the onion. I like to watch old game shows on TV land. I like the old happy go lucky themes and the outfits people had on back then. You have most of them in the 70s. They're the bell bottom pants and them. A lot of chop by hairdoed. Not in chop. You're whatever they were. Siburns. It helps me understand how Book of Brian comes up with this bit. There you go Billy Gold. Right. Because he's living in the past. He's in a time war. He's warped and he's in a time war. It says, hey, chicken. You're stuck in a time war. Absolutely correct. Let's make a deal. Hard sharks. There's another one needs to be on there. Now let me say this to you. Okay, about card sharks. All right. There were two different dances on card sharks. Jim Perry was the good enough to encourage sharks. He was ready. Huh? Carcups is on it. It is? Yeah. It's got 10 votes. You could have fooled me. Carcups is on there. And well, but it's a good thing that he mentioned. Because Jim Perry was the good enough. And then they put the, the, uh, anxious, the most obnoxious game show host of all of them Bob U-Banks on there. You know, from the newlywed game, who always looked like he had a stiff neck. He always felt like he, like he hit his neck at a neck brace. There's something really bizarre about how I thought his head was too big for his body. Is that what it was? Could have been. It was ready to fall over. He was really the then purper guy. Maybe they should like rub their hips together. I don't know. Two heads are better than one. But anyway. Yeah, that was pretty good show card sharks. I like it. Although that, that also was slow and kind of drag, you know. And then they would waste a lot of the show talking to the contestants asking a lot of to see that's the one thing I'm game shows that I hate. Me too. Is when they waste a lot of time getting a whole biography in the names of all the relatives and all the people that they owe money to and, oh, geez, give me a break already. Will you please? So I'll be able to. You can play along too and, and moves. Yeah, that's right. And moves. Like even in the squeal of fortune, know that they do the first toss up thing there. And then, oh, yeah, well, hey, Billy Schmidt. Let's go over here and find out about Billy in his 15 kids and his mother-in-law. Well, it is a rat. Oh, exactly. Why do we have to go into all of that nonsense? I'll let's find a rise. They say an Ethiopian. My God. I bet you we got the 21, doesn't have any votes. No, that was a good show. Even though it was fixed. 9, 18. See, we're going to have a thousand-year-old, yeah. On this, it's five of your negative three added to that right. I probably passed the negative two added two down to yesterday when I was so negative three. 17.8% though hate the poll. I hate it. WCWM, hello. QAM. QAM. QAM. Yeah, Neil, please. Yes, sir, speaking. Neil. Yeah, the original name that tune was George DeWitt. He got caught in that paleo. Did you get the whole cell pharmacy guy caught on? Oh, yeah. But with George DeWitt, he's down around my garden, flying there, flying with a North Bay village. Okay, thanks for the, see, the whole cell pharmacy was municipal information. This was strictly useless. But anyway, Mike DeWitt. Mike DeWitt, or whatever he said, Mike Gordon, and I want to have with. Now, look at that. That's interesting because I guess it's because I'm trying, I'm hitting this thing over and over and over. We didn't do that again today because they're engineering department blows. And do we ever find out what it was this morning that had the pot like practically closed in there? Robert Greeper, probably playing the fast and loose. And you know who probably puts them in charge of that is your boyfriend clearance. Yeah, close the pots. So we the old man can't even hear the shower. Oh, like I really care. Like I want to hear that anyway. WQAM, hello. QAM. Hey Neil, I'm going to test your memory. You didn't put Gary Moore show on there. Yeah, we did. I've got a secret. Oh, no, no, no, the early Gary Moore show. Think Black and White 1952. I haven't got any idea. Beat the clock. Oh, that wasn't Gary Moore. That was bug caier. All right. Well, okay, so my memory is bad. Right. Beat the clock based. Have to release stupid stunts like you know, take six cups of water and stick them with a moon don't shine with their key. Yeah, beat that clock. They had a home version of it. We used the play. I'm sure you did. I think maybe I maybe a little bit too much. Okay, I like to tell you. Yeah, he used to pay beat the clock. Okay, what do we got on you? You say, yeah, clock. 923. Okay. We're going to clean your clock if you don't cut the crap. I don't know. The audience seems to be into this heavy duty. I don't know why you're so sour man. So sour. I think maybe into many of those damn sour candies. That's heavy too. The job breakers. Oh, all that sounds pretty good though. The ones are just scald. The lines. Yeah, when you threw with those, all all the skin from the inside of your mouth is like all raw and gone and to the end. It's good. WQA and hello. Yes, sir. Get right to the point with respect to your. The liar's club with Alan Ludmett. Oh, yeah, I remember that was done for about five minutes. What about the GE College Bull? Alan Ludmett. You know, Alan Ludmett, the liar's club with Larry Hoveus was on. But I just get to say, I said, I remember it was on for about five minutes. All right, and then closing with respect to George Corso, he's an idiot because the toll free line still doesn't work from Durby Lane. Check us. Okay, thanks, Charlie. You're a jackass course. So that's what this call is. We're talking about from Saint Pete from Durby Lane. Durby Lane's been closed down for about 50 years. Maybe if they call from a place where they have a phone. Durby Lane. Is that what he's talking about? Durby Lane? The one in Saint Pete. That was the dog track. That was America's oldest dog track. In fact, that maybe that's to be the pull for tomorrow. Name old race tracks and dog tracks that are no longer. How about how about harness racing drivers who are dead like Elmer Conrad? Now we're talking. See that shirt you have real fast. What? 930 votes on this pull. What did this guy just say? Because I wasn't paying a damn bit of attention to what he said. I must teach us. Yeah, right. Exactly. Who's on the hotline? Or does somebody on the bat line? Maybe it's from all looking at it. Maybe it's here in Corso. Bat line. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Dick fine bird. Hey, Dick, how you doing? Good. I get surgery mentioned race tracks. I guess I see an unwork on red. Listen, you mentioned George Fennerman earlier. Yeah. But you've been growing. I know. And my favorite show. With crowd show. You bet your life. That I'd add. That I'd add. Docum sound page. 100 dollars. Right. How come we don't have that on your. You bet your life. And I'll tell you another one. You might remember because you know, far like me. Remember my stookey and pantomime quiz? Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. The one thing you bet your life did give us the greatest quiz of show question ever. Yeah. Who is very in grants to him? Yeah, that's correct. That is absolutely correct. I remember that. But, you know, somebody a crowd show impersonator could an a femme. A church. A feminist impersonator. George Fennerman. Yeah. Yeah. They would die. I think they could make a fortune with that show. Bring that back. Okay. How you doing, Dick? Everything okay? Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to tell you how listening to you, you know, I'd like to get a job. So I tend to do so. I have stuff. Yeah. I'm a bit thinking. It's working. That's when I would say, okay. Take care of yourself. Okay. Thanks. See you. Panama quiz and you bet your life. Russell and Os Vegas is Queen for a day. Yeah. That's it. Or is it Queen for a day? No. We had a bunch of Queen. Queen for a day would Jack Bailey. Speaking of harness drivers, Dick Jack Bailey from Vernon Downs. Since we really love that NVA experience. I've heard those thoughts that we're making. Oh, no. Look at that. Yeah. We need this. And he's like, I'm going to read that on the ear. Shall. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. We're straight up all the time. Out men's group play games. Can keep the eyes of high behind the system. They're not there. Yeah. You got to hide your heart away. How much lot of times. You got to hide your heart away. How much more special sense? How they've fallen. You've fat strayed long by men. You're poor enough of men. You're stronger. They'll come and I'm the iron. No, go to your Intelligence Police. The guss-word world clears, having to fight with the boys. In the north, no room I hear. Point, boy, not point, boy, more, more, more. And I, I, I, I, I, I, you're back to high, you're all alone. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, you're all alone. I, you're all alone. Let me know four, five, 60, WQM, happy Thursday, too. This poll is going over big and spotted Georgia's Nagatory, Negatory attitude. Oh, there's like, uh, hand-bone judge. That seems to be that for a long time, I'm tired of it. I'm tired of it. I'm trying to obtain a sample. He's not working. And he actually got one out of the way. So this is not a circus, and I'm not a clown. Yeah, we could have talked about it. And you like my red nose and he pulled out the patch out of nose. 950 votes on the pool, and I don't see Panama and Quiz on there. Did I just get through saying Panama and Quiz when the Dick Fimer called in with you but your life? I see you but your life. Yeah, I don't see no Panama and Quiz. Is that because nobody knows how to spell Panama? That might be it. Oh, Palo mine? Panama. Either that or Quiz just tuned it out. Panama and Quiz, man. The host was Mike Stoky, and I guess I should say remember, they're still around with that still peanut brittle. All the rest of them, you drive up 95 and you go up north and all the rest of them. Of course nowadays they've got all the other, you're when these in Mickey D's and Burger King and Kentucky Fried and RB's and all the things. But they've also got the Stoky's right there at the whatever. Am I right? Still man. As far as I know. What a horrible place. Peanut brittle. It's older than the Thuseless grandma. Don't think I've actually eaten there in my memory. Maybe as a kid. It's a hot comedy in a mighty gingled around Panama and Quiz. I'm sure that chicken I can remember that and he and I are probably the only two. They were both 100 years old when the show was on for the, if they were with us today, they'd be about two 50. But they're not. They're all dead. WDQAM. Hello. QAM. When is the my favorite cereal bowl coming out? Come on. Come on. That's coming tomorrow. Quiz. Yeah. Quiz. Quiz. WDQAM. Hello. Timestr. Sound a little bit sour to me that I would have cereal. Don't they sour cereal? QAM. He probably likes hot and sour cereal, especially the sour part. QAM. Hello. Yes. Any other name that to me? That name that to me? My dick on it to me. Uh, and see those little people you were talking about, okay? That's the crowd that you're all excited about. Or just like that. Something about is. Shoot. But time, which is they should be. I sure hope they do time baby because if you're going to reproduce the world's in big, deep trouble. I'll tell you that right now, pal. Iraq and surgeons use chlorine and bomb attacks, speaking of a world being in trouble. A truck bomb that combined explosives with chlorine gas blew up and southern Baghdad yesterday. And official set of my representative knew and deadly tactic by insurgents against Iraqi civilians. Those poor sluppers over there. It was at least a third truck bomb in a month when flight chlorine, a greenish gas. Oh, ever cut any greenish gas ice your head. Also used in WW1, which burns the skin and can be fatal after just a few concentrated breaths. Hey, the bomb killed at least two people and more than 32 of us. Many of them sent to hospitals, coughing and weasings, police and medical officials said. Iraqi and American officials said the use of chlorine seemed indibringing in the new level of fear and havoc to Iraq, as no security plan for Baghdad takes shape. Lieutenant Colonel Christopher Garber, an American military spokesman, said the attacks highlighted the fluidity of insurgent tactics in Iraq, dominated by militant groups that often notice and repeated attacks that attract the most attention and cause the most suffering, the most tourists. Insurgents have shifted tactics to focus on helicopters and yesterday one group forced down in the American Black Hawk helicopter, the eight sessions had been since January 20. The enemy is a detective, Colonel Garber, said the enemy wants to win. I thought the enemy always wanted to lose because we're the good guys. Isn't that the way it's supposed to be? Sure, whatever. I've written the 63 votes, this half hour we're going over a thousand, pretty damn close to it, and then you're going to have a big on your post. You're going to have like a whole omelette on the face. Paper are plastic, that's Georgia's idea for tomorrow's pool, paper are plastic, normal or spastic. WQAM Hello. Speaking of green gas. Good evening, yes. I was trying to say you need me with a video I saw from Annie Coltsmith out of Europe, where she was completely drugged out and it clowns face and this guy how it's been. What has been on TV on every channel for the past three days? Yeah, about 400 times. Alright, Simon, move to Miami Beach. Nobody knew what was trying to send it to me or what happened to it. I've got to return. It's a nail delivery. It's a nail roger's at wqem.com, right? Yeah, baby. I'll see you later. I'll do it. I know. You know what? Nobody told you these people that's not your email address. I don't really have one to be. I understand it. The only way you're going to give me a message is I'm like my space, nothing's all screwed up today. Although some of the messages are coming through just fine. How does that work, Chris? Is they don't like you? They screw up your pages at the dealer one. I think it's just like they're random way to screw with people. I don't know. What do you mean to screw with people? What is that? In other words, they picked you off and picked you out of the crime. They said we're going to screw up Chris's, you know, you know, they throw names in a hat and they pick it out. It's kind of the same thing. Yeah, well, tell that Tom guy to pick this. Schmuck. Wqem, hello. Wqem. Hey, sir. What's your remember when extra and yet you stepped up your own bag? I had to pick the name. I just here up there and there are. You have to bring your own bag or buy a bag. It's supermarkets all over the world. I know there comes this is a great shock to a lot of you spoiled people out there. Paper are plastic my ass. How do you like that? In Europe. In all every supermarket I've ever been and they don't give you the bag. Well, they don't give you like one of those cheap little things. Plastic bags that if you put more than a quarter of an ounce worth of food, just falls over the ground, you know, the bag splits open. But if you want a real bag, you have to pay for it. You know, a couple of whatever. Yeah. Maybe a 50 year old cent. I mean, you might as well bring your own bag. I mean, what do you do with the old one? If you throw away one of the good cloth bags they sell like an oms. And I'm the same thing like in Albert Heiney. High class. Right. Then, you know, if you're smart, you take a worthy when you go shopping. But of course, a lot of times when you leave the hotel if you're a tourist, or you want to have the apartment, you know, you don't take, I'm going to go to the store. And then you're not going to walk all the way home to go and pick up your little, your little 50 cent bag. We go back in there unless you're really super cheap. Okay. But that's the way it works in the real world. Okay, sir. Una sacca. WDQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Love the bowl. A key year old guy. Love the bowl. Hey. What about that new two smart, you or a five year old? And I George Corsa play that. WDQAM. Hello. Oh, not. QAM. Oh, I come out. I just pressed this one and it's still stuff. I know. See, this is not working at all. No. And I don't want to get to go off on a ride again about our technical incompetent QAM and about Joe Bell and doesn't give a crap in course of course. I'm glad the course of guys call him. Maybe he'll call for our time today because you're right. Somebody that knows it. Obviously, you've got a real bug up his ass about George Corsa who's our chief engineer and I use the term very loosely. Oh, yeah. WDQAM. Hello. Neil. Yes. I have one for the bowl. Yeah. Or, I hope it may already be on there. I don't know. Take that dough with the egg. Oh, I saw it on there. Sir, it's already got three votes. Not two and not two and two good. All right. That was with the waker. Yeah. See that? I didn't even remember what they were talking about. The waker, wake Martin there. You quizling. You sippled in man. All right. See that they think it's a pool building show again. Well, which we don't mind adding a few because you know, there are obviously 80,000 that we could put on it. What's the pot of time back in the day that we're like Zidian came shows on TV. They were all over the place. And it was pretty entertaining. I mean, it wasn't like, you know, I'm, what's your name showed degenerate? Or some of the crap that's on now. But then what is? Exactly. Look, it could possibly be like Jerry Springer show. What could be like that? If you're like 12 years old and got, you know, Britain's life. Oh, I got a Brittany story in my pile here. It's matter of fact, it was sitting there. There's a judge again. Is it about her mischapin head? It wanted to help. No, it's about that. Sorry guys, Mr. Ed, the medical exam. There's judgment. There's judgment. Okay. Just for a side line. I see the one thing. You notice he waxes his balls. But look at the way the light is reflecting off that child. I'll not watching it. It looks like I got to have had several apples when you go to supermarket. So shiny man. Like a little original light. This guy has waxed that thing and is head to big time. Ted, you will not have to submit anyone at this point in time to do it. Look at the size of that wedding band. He's got on there. Am I going to miss cut about 80 billion dollars? Look at that thing. Good. Golly Miss Molly. 970 votes. Well, at least whoever he's married to, she's going to lot of a lot of laughs. Probably mostly at night time I would think. From your honey. Alright. I believe that we have enough future. If I keep chatting on this way. If I say I'm so worried with just a lie. I am so freaking high. What is easier than go to a meeting? And see how my name is with me. I've started long ago. Smoke's upon a dear little girl. Peruvid and LSD. Angel dust and snow. Bayoli, dust, crystal dust and ecstasy. Line up a sea that has your free. Ever touch you with me. They've found some time on me. You've found the greatest. Do as you all inside of me. 11. And we have people on their like Grace Kelly and Liz Taylor and William Holden and people like that. How about the same people you're talking about? Who know about these game shows? What do you think they know about those people? They're doing Garland and it was you're of odds. And set them in so far. Well, those who were going out there. Who's going to watch? See some of these movies that you're talking about are. Piousx, Ageless and seen by everyone no matter what their age. Oh, they are. Okay. You're the best. Anybody seen the Wizard of Oz? Yes. Really? Yes. Everybody out there hasn't seen the Wizard of Oz hold your hand up. Look at that. My God. It's overwhelming. It's welcoming man. As Britney Spears was reportedly checking out of a drug we have Center for the Second Time in a week. Her estranged husband was making plans to go to court and met a custody of the She's viewed over their two children. Say her strange husband. Her very strange husband. And her very strange behavior. And who we need to care. Okay. Talk about what he used to be. Kevin Fetterline and his lawyer was scheduled with period a downtown courthouse today for an emergency hearing. Superior court spokesman Alan Perra Cheney told me in P. But since it's only eight twenty in a morning out there I'm sure they got plenty of time. Yo, give me a beat. Are. Are you something? In fact, here's another one for you. Our best information is he will be here and she won't said Perra Cheney but anything is possible. There was no Milly shoe federal line plan to raise. Federal line spheres have two sons. How said five month old Jaden James and 17 month old Sean Preston. Jaden James. I see. Federal line file paper seeking spousal support and sole custody of the children after a Spirish sought to lend to two year marriage last November. A temporary court order issued February 1 granted a couple of joint custody until the end of this month. Perra Cheney said Federal line's lawyer would try to convince a superior court commissioner that would be handed quickly as in Pronto, Tonto. Look at this. Rolex watches on my black for I don't want to Rolex watch his sorry even for five bucks. One is to go ahead one X or two. I didn't look how deleted it already. We saw my blackberry was in email there was pedaling credit as always spam on your man. Spirish voted for my live rehanfacility early yesterday less than day after checking in. I see that's why he was so confused because she just went from the other one to this one. And last day after she was a I want out I want out I wasn't confused. That's what I was trying to tell you. I'm not even going to respond. I wouldn't even find that with a response. It was the second time to wait that spirit is reportedly ended or we have facility in check out before her first day was finished. Federal line's manager Dan Dimitro said there would be no comment and the latest. Well what's the city you know she's on the loose again. What a quitter. Yeah she's in me hand for five minutes at a time. Maybe she just named all that serious about the rehab. Maybe what kind of her. What's the bottom of time a lot of people would have cared all the guys would have cared about that. But now like I said take what she used to be. Especially after I did them with him. WDQAM hello. WDQAM hello. A little more oxygen next time would be good QAM. You know you do a good pull on game shows about all the host and others and killer host and some other shows. Yeah. Like a jammerian team Rayberg. Yeah. Very matters is the they were never mind. He sounded like a radio guy didn't he? He did. He sounded like somebody sounded like he's suffered distress of way too many years in his business. It's okay pal. We can relate give a little pat on ahead tell everybody he's going to be okay even though of course it won't be. It'll be just fine. Are you sure. WDQAM hello. A meal. Pretty good. Good. Good. I did you get with contact on your left. Yeah. Mark is. She was a contact on your left. Is that on there with Bob Barker is correct? It was on from truth to consequences. New Mexico is a matter of fact. Yes. If it's not on there. Well nine months. Can it come on in? Oh it's like I said it's on there. Yeah. It's going to be a job and it's going to go somewhere. Everybody keep the good work. Okay. What do you say he's got the good stuff and sounded like it? Hey. It's nice to share. Yeah those magic mushrooms that came in on Monday man they just spread all around town now. Maybe that's what happened everybody's my space page. Maybe they got like a little something something in them. Which now do you find game show should they bring back to TV the gong show 204? Nothing else is even close. 204. I mean newlywed game. Oh my god are you people off your rocker or what? No wait a minute. That's like actually likes game show. It was funny. They were always saying stupid funny crap and it was always very obviously contrived and always hit and by all the little thing. Or that's a great show ever. You may be a bit of a stiff neck. I didn't want to watch it. I hate it that show. Gong show 204. I hate this pool. That's down to 17.2 percent. That's one of our all time highest totals on the hate the pool too bad. The newlywed game on 13. Match game 99. There was a show. How could the newlywed game be hit of match game? Well they're I agree with it. I don't think a lot of people really saw or got match game. They didn't get it. I don't think they got it. Like, like, keep it over this night night. What do you mean they didn't get it? What is that mean? I mean what was there to get was an intellectual show? Well, you know, humor and comedy. You have to have a brain cell to get it to understand it. The jokes. A lot of double on time, rays, a lot of subtlety to the humor that was going on on that show. Yeah. As opposed to somebody slipping and falling, which everyone can get. Match game 99. Let's make a deal 50. Win Bensties money 45. The dating game 45. I don't know. I don't know. The pool. Because it bears out again in general how bad people say to this player. I'm on. Dating game 45. To tell the truth 34. Constentration and the pyramid goes ahead. I'm just making the pyramid only have 30. Oh, because it's out. I'm not being a fan of the response. Name that 227. Votsmai line 26. The Joker's Vile 23. The Love Connection 22. That also would be very anxious Chuck Swilery. Horrible guy. Horrible host. Just a bad human being, I believe. I could be wrong. Password 7. Car trucks 11. And like I said, the one with Jim Perry was good. One with the, what's his name? Stismick. Not good. And I don't like Chuck Swilery either. You know who he reminds me of. Somebody doing a bad Joe Rose impersonation. Like Joe, Joe Rose's evil brother. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Joe Rose's evil brother. Hmm. His evil twin. Yeah. Is not like consequences nine. Say it all the century seven. And that's amazing to me that that's got seven votes. Cause I just barely remember that show was on for about four minutes. I just barely even remember it. Say it all the century. Hollywood Square is five. That of course is the original Hollywood Square is not this newer one. If they brought back, we'll be Goldberg and all these other people. You don't know. That's a bad new one. You know who else was on the original one was and what tell was your name? The old. The like. No, not an in frame. Not an in Marie. What the cross. What the cross. Rosey. What was your name? Rosey. Whatever. And also the bigger picker up or rosey was on there too. Wait 30 seconds. Rose Marie. Rose Marie. Tell them more show. Yes. Hollywood Square is five. Pressure like five. When was you brought five remote control four? I have no idea what that show was. 213. Tick that dough three with the winker. The Walker. The Walker's and the. We're going to talk about a little bit of it. We're going to talk about a little bit of it. It was, the one the two. Tell travel fails. You bet your life won. Beat the clock. One and no votes. For Panama and quiz. That's, that's disgraceful. The $64,000 question or the $64,000 challenge. Out of $995, I've got. The big. Oh, it's bad. And by the bottom of the hour, we're going to have a thousand votes. Mr. Smarty. Son of a bitch. This is I was the school. Hot, princess. Britney Spears. And for the REHAD facility Wednesday. has raised a lot of eyebrows. Video taken early Sunday morning in New York shows Britney Spears getting out of her limo and a problem of what appears to be vomit is visible in the back seat. Her driver covers her with vomit as she rushes by the cameras. Newspaper reports they Britney was partying at Manhattan's club 10 June drinking tequila from a bottle and just robbing so she could vomit and now video up her vomit shows Britney in a less than flattering life. 15.2560 WQM 560 50560 pound five 60 in the horizon single to wireless 9 so wherever you got over a thousand votes is not even noon yet we got a thousand and six votes nine whatever it hell it is 6 9 7.11 WQAM hello I see that I heard I heard a masculine way I given the old punch and I saw it click punch it again there we go QAM hello Mr. Neil yeah such a beautiful day to hear your voice you and George make my morning I'm a small for a while because of school and now you know this is great that's very much for when I was a small thing for right now for always being there for me I love the closet I love the closet I love the closet I find myself laughing hysterically every time the closet come out and all right wow yeah well it's a really technically I might as well take this box and he but on my balcony I'm just hanging over it like Tom Dulley said it's just a sick joke but you know what we don't really care they don't care why should we care why should I get all worked up into a sweat about it right that's right screw it if you don't care Joe Bell we don't care either how do you like that Joe a technical disaster a laughing stock of the broadcast industry most amusing and abusing sad very sad WQAM hello QAM Ola judge Joe he makes me do me WQAM hello how about the room WQAM hello yes sir if you do on name that tune did I do it no I never did that show but it's not a pull there's probably seven votes about password password how come we don't have password on there Allen what and what's that him it's got 17 votes but the end of the world you and you are did they do a best of an idea since you people have done with two just look at whatever is on a poll look at your pewter that's what's ever on her call it in and this is just a to us now did they take out many votes is got did they not try to bring back names that tune because I've always wanted them to now no they're going to bring it back oh good it's it's in the works is in the wind the answer I'm trying to do it in the wind and I can name that tune in four notes I can name it one I'm not by the clue I want to give you a little clue and then they would play the diddy they were did you know they had different games within the game as you know you know for a guy that's so deadly on these games shows you seem to have some expert what he said he had it say that I didn't like games shows ever yeah well maybe all maybe all the people out there like it it was certainly seen so we've got eighty trillion votes on the pool we got a thousand fourteen votes and so we love them thirty five in a big city and then of course we're hearing is still on CNN and they go pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop and it never ends well that judges anyway well that's because he wants to have this a-ring circus means it's not a circus when he put the past Adams knows on this point that me and with blowing two was like one of those four was someone that to me was like a little bit of a hint wd q a m hello there was George at the hospital a spec because he feels like it wd q a m hello I know because he can be yeser that a question for George then what yeah wd q a m hello hey Neil yeser are you watching the news about that Mexican firefighter you guys twin boy they ain't Jose and Jose all over the new yeah all of them as soon as this great grandfather okay very very good material sir yeah this guy's probably auditioning the guest at the line show let me ask us sir what was your worst sports injury obviously what was the hand injury I don't think there's any question about that some kind of a hand injury wow wd q a m hello q a m hey how about lunch of the pool yeah you're going to want to challenge potatoes are warmer and three's a match with silk colon no three's a match I remember that that was for wasn't that the one that had like the uh the rocks the green rocks pretty much show nobody's gonna know that show never heard it yeah that like I'm saying nobody would even hear a bigger her to cast potatoes though but I never saw it cow's potatoes if you want to put it on there I never heard of such a show we know that very jackass there and you know something yes do what's that guy they got on the morning show was supposed to be like fans you know what is that guy who goes on does the stupid interviews and many he talked like in many while many come up like very jackass from the hell and I'm going to tell you something you would have thought that was the funniest line in the history of human race so those guys everybody at the eighteen guests that they had the studio were like defying and puky oh you would have thought that the world was coming to with a very jackass, well maybe they never heard that before. Now what was pretty original? In fact, that manny guy, he really doesn't for me, I'd say it. Hey, very funny, manny. I'm the see now you got me picking on a morning show and that's not good, that's bad. Those guys are really trying very hard to be as filthy as they can. A thousand and twenty two votes on the full and a sixty four thousand dollar challenge and a sixty four thousand dollar question don't have any and those were two of the two the biggest of all time, Tony right now. Go ahead to share with these people know. WQAM hello. WQAM allah. Hello. Yes sir. And is new? Sounds like me yeah. I have a against your double there. What's that was that? This is a nickel-orion. This was a good show. Okay double there, we put it on there, I never heard of it. Was that a nickel-orion was it like an original or a kid's in the parents would compete together and they would do horrible things to the parents so it was good. Then we do horrible things to the parents. Well, in a lot of cases probably well there's a drop them in Vatson. Go. What a cry act. Stabilist five, Miss Kai-Ax versatility means no one has to stay on shore. Promotion Kai-Ax. And the winner of this Kai-Ax equipment goes to supply a fabric softer. All true downio. Oh, that's what I want to do in the old president's experience. Feel the softest smell, the refreshing she does is more than that. Now he burns away for you. Static, new downio. Howl, listen. What do you bid on that Kai-Ax? Howl. Bob Barker just turned 172 today. Let's hear it for Old Bob. Hey, let's go on Bobby. Now there was one of the tabloids that said he's retiring this June because he's dying or something like that. He must be dying a slow death or something. Maybe he's planning it. In fact, he got it was waiting for me to announce when my funeral is going to be. I think Bob Barker on his last show is going to announce where the funeral is going to be in the date so that guy can. He likes to attend celebrity funerals. Remember that guy? Oh yeah. WQAM Hello. Yes, good morning Neil. Yes sir. Are the good folks at WQAM still offering the spend day with the gay DJ? What are you talking about? Why I'd like to come down. Yeah. Go on down. Let's go down. Wouldn't be the first time. WQAM Hello. How about the show I'm hot? Are you hot? That was him. But that was the show. Are you hot? But first of all, wasn't it? Was it a gay one? We call the game show. No. That was good. It was an ABC and it was on for four or five weeks. They had too many hot looking people on their knee. And so it was absolutely. Yeah. They were hot. And they said, oh, we don't want to put that on there. I mean, I guess technically. I think it was a good show. Over the turn. I guess technically speaking, it's a game show. But it is. I don't know. That was a game show. We'll probably go before him because he said he wanted to be on a gay show. 1159 is wrong. That's not the right price. You can just flip. If you wish, then you'll have 7,000. I'm not flip this. He makes me flip my way. Yeah, I'd be honest. For 110, you don't look that bad. You know? Over the hard time already. Am I your friend? He looks like he's dead already. Like I said, for 183. Yeah, he looks like he's like from the Petro 5 for us. Like he's in bomb. I know a game show George liked. Yeah. American gladiators. Yeah. Excellent. You want to put it on there? Part of it. Sure. They had American. They had some hot babes with nice ass. Well, there you go. What more could you want? Roger's got. The death of Anon Nicole Smith is a class of Nessie and a very complicated legal battle. You know what? Honestly, I don't know where to start. This eternity is she was getting crazy. We now have someone else stepping up saying, I could be the father. Michael Jackson. So now you're claiming that you're the father of Anon Nicole Fage. You too had a relationship. You told me the sex is right. So how many times did you guys do it? Eight. Nine. Yeah. Right. That would cry. Right. So what did you guys do? You know, everything you've been imagined. Michael, you cannot convince me that you two get a grand slam home run. We have the footage. We have another thing. What? You took videos? Okay. Okay. Rome. Okay, this is so hard. Ha ha ha. Oh, I can't watch this. I almost burned some of the walls. The floor is still in the stomach. So bad. I'm going to be sick. He has the footage. He had the footage. Boy, he's really something. Can't say it on the year. I'm 46, 14. He will know the QAM. So your close first-year friend Brandon says couch potatoes was a short-lived game show hosted by Mark Summers, who also hosted double-dears slash super sloppy double-dears, slash family double-dears, which I love growing up as a kid. He says it was a show that put Nickelodeon on the map was on for seven years. What? You like that for some of our useless trivia. That's important stuff. I think Brandon is, uh, is chicken-like in a previous life. You know, I mean, I think he's, uh, he's the new chicken-like. He's a little bit of a year. Gear and up, right, and about 50 years. Chicken-like, Jr. Right. Chicken-like, Jr. For a week, attorney is battling for the remains of an Nicole Smith and followed one another. Followed one another. Followed off the media. See that again. I said to the son, send a little follow-in with one another. My answer to me is associate first. How about follow with each other? Not with one another. Kind of English is that. What kind of grammar that be? Followed off the media and fought for a chance to speak. Now, the biggest fight is against the clock. Circuit Judge Laurie Sidelin has said a self-imposed Friday morning deadline to wish you would have seen in the case tomorrow, which boils down to a tug of war between Smith's estranged mother, Vergi Arthur, who wants to bring her daughter's back home to Texas or body. And attorney turned boyfriend Howard Kastern who wants to burrow in the Bahamas Mon. Sidelin said he has no time to waste since the county chief medical exam to warn against that a decision needs to be made soon. Before her body becomes too decomposed, I, for a public viewing, for a public smelling. You think it will pass the sniff test? No, it didn't, which was a lie. The judge says, I've got to gun to my head. If only we could only pray. Silent in the kid of the star of testimony yesterday, they would wonder which of compromise of the agreement, but it was unclear what that might be. But a beeper would put above. And they actually already went out right now and see an end. Shame on them. There is the queen. Or so, Iran. And then you, you went report saying that Iran has ignored a deadline to halt uranium enrichment and also the deadline and other programs that is quote on an industrial scale. We'll have analysis and react. Let's analyze it for a while. It's like what we have election night. And they can't just give you the results. They have to have all these people on their analyzing, but a beeper to boot put above. All these analysts. Not an analyst in the world. You know then? Yeah, I do. 567.0560. Pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line. WQAM. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, I got a two for your poll. Wow. Okay. When loser drop? Yeah, and a flamingo fortune, the float-a-latery game show. Yeah, right. That's a show. Hey, you used to be. No, it's not. It's not a show. It's like, it says the loto drug. Get out of here. Several. When loser drop was one. Who's the host on when loser drop? Remember that show? I don't know. You remember that show? They used to have to drop. Remember that stuff. I think you said it. But a show is not somebody who was on it. He was on every show. Who was the host on when loser drop? You better Google it. Okay. Well, wait 37 is for Boca Brian answer. Like I said, you better Google it. I really bad. But I said, you're using Google it. No, Chris is Googling it now. Vashalority is. Who is it? Vicky. Vicky. Vicky. Lawrence, the unshiss Vicky Lawrence, who was always out with Carol Burnett from the Carol Burnett show. The night the lights went down in Georgia. The night he melted. Yeah, a link. Went down in Georgia. Link to what? Wikipedia has all the game shows on it. Do they really? Yeah, but that's so fun. If we do that, then we got them all. Topped tenors only lasted one season. Well, Brandon says that something was on seven seasons. Maybe it was all the various versions. I don't know. Quite frankly, don't we? We'd be here. I don't remember it. And don't watch Nickelodeon anyway. I am trying to find the game show channel on here. Sound here somewhere. I know what's on my thing. Star? Huh? BBC. And there's MTV. Let's put some amount from MTV on it. It was the way. I download Metro. It's a spot for a metric. Book channel, grab a channel. Let's put the book channel on a pin and learn something. You're really smart. As long as we hold them for a can, we'll die. Oh, nothing. I feel like it's going to be a good job. Oh, you're going to be a good job. What? If she sings, oh, what? That's a big deal. I can't. Can't you do it? There's the follow-up in channel. And he's the retro channel. He has to see the food channel. Let's sit down. I don't have any idea where the game show channels are on here. Maybe maybe somebody I know about. There maybe Brandon will do that because he goes, the Rogers cable that I got and finds all these channels. I have no idea where I'm going to find a game show channel. Because that would be, I mean, we could play the theme. I got all this here on the floor. Yeah. And I've also got some other good stuff, too. Like that. And for writing. I'll put anybody out there. I love this. This has got smells. So a little bit of a thoslaw, maybe. But it's got smells. And my right. That's a smellsy smell. I love it. What do we got on the floor? We're going to make a living today. We'll make a 10-44. We'll make 1200 today. I believe on Paul. That's my goal. 1200 votes on the pool would be outstanding. Somebody to hear what I am. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. No, sir. What's that? I'm going to show that he's got the Mary couple done. And they have to ask them to make a separate them and ask them a question. Do you have a answer? No, not really. That was the one with the, oh, the guy with the hair we used to be on that, who's dead. Oh, John. I think he wants to know what he wants to know. He wants to know what he wants. No, it was not the newlyweds. You know, they used to have the headphones on. Oh, gee, he got a brain hammered or something like that. Was the host. Oh, well, they used to have the set. Everything was green on that show. The whole set was green. Well, I want to, I saw a question one time. The question was, where is the weirdest place you guys had set? That's the newlyweds. I was expecting to hear like, you know, for kind of a look. Yeah, I know what you're going to say. I'm going to have that clip. No, but that's not the show I'm talking about. There's no show where you're talking about. Where they would sit there with the headphones. What the hell was that host name? He died. He had a brain hammered. He was a young guy. I couldn't stand. Oh, I've worked to a convey. All right. I'd be like, show for a memory, huh? Oh, I'll give you credit when you can think of the name of the show. I've never been to do that. I'm never going to remember the name of the show. But Bert Convey was the host and they would separate the couples. And you'd see they'd have the headphones on. Be sitting off stage. And then the, how old was it? What was it? Tattletails. Was that it? Was that tattletails? Well, Chris just googled it. Well, he's got tattletails. When loser draw and super password. Maybe that was tattletails. That's got two votes. Never saw it. Bert Convey's got two votes. He's dead. He had it like I said, or his brain spluded. Or an arse of a whale in a convey. No relation. Who's Bobby Van? Bobby Van is also dead. He was a band leader or something. Where there's some kind of a musician. And Bobby Van was a frequent guest on those kind of shows. Bobby Van. He was married to a Lane Joyce. Booker Brian says yes. It was tattletails. What you're thinking of? He was married to a Lane Joyce. Talk about a memory for very unimportant for growtessely unimportant things. My mind needs a serious doof. WDQIM hello. Hey, uh, cattletails of the show. Bert Convey. And uh, the win was a draw with a Bert and Bert production. Bert Convey and Bert Reynolds. Bert Reynolds was involved in that. No wonder Dom Dellaby's was on so much. Yep, yep. He was one of the he was show off from time to time on stream. But he was always watched the end. He was Burton Burton. That was Convey. And he was off the on-title fail. Now, that wasn't a big show. No, I love it. She was better. It was always on there. Well, nothing's perfect. Okay, thanks, Sally. 560560. See, everybody knows you have to be some kind of an old cadre to know these shows. All you got to do is be like, I'd say 80, 90, something like that. At least maybe a little more than that. That was wrong with you. I actually remember when Lizard drove. Lyle. It wasn't bad. It was like, like a parlor game. You know, kind of like pantomime quiz was the same thing. Parlor game. You know, some of those games, I'm sure. Don't have a QA. Hello. I knew. I know, bro. Okay, sir. I bought a treasure hunt with the jam Murray. Got that. Great. How would he very, very late, Jan Murray, right? All right. That was a good one. Thanks, Sally. You got treasure hunt on their jam Murray. He was so Jewish. And he's so dead. 151 votes on the pool. Now you've got to be older member, Jan Murray. I think that that guy and chicken, I can, I probably only three people in the world, remember Jan Murray. Hoop. He was very Jewish. He was a very Jewish host and he was a comedian, a standup guy. You know, he's a real standup guy. So let's be. How many hit records did he have? Which now the fun game show should they bring back to TV? The gang showed 207. I hate this pool 180 down to 17.1%. The newlywed game on 18 match game on OSTIX. Let's make a deal. When Ben stands money 48, that's the one that pisses me off at its on there. Because that show just, oh, Claire, he is just nauseating. But dating game 47, it's tele-235, constipation, concentration 31. The pyramid is only got, but it was the best show of all time. It's better what you say. What's my line 28? They made that 227. The joke is wild 26. A love connection 23. And of course they did bring the pyramid back with on the asmin and went over like a colava in Siberia. Yeah. So you couldn't play along with the pyramid because you saw what the answer was already. So what we could you do except what? Yeah, but it was exciting, man. It was, it's a situation. It's a situation. Come on, come on, come on. Yeah, I like that. You didn't, though you weren't hurt. Because you were hurting. I saw off the edge. Nothing worse. Listen, and everybody likes a little last, but there's nothing worse than a heart ass. Love connection 23. Password 19. Card charge 11. Truth or consequence is nine. Remote control 8. Press your locate. It's around the century seven. Hollywood squares is about five. When losing draw five, that was a good show. You bet your life, 4, 21, 3. Take that, go three. Hyrule or three. Tattle tails two. American gladiators, one Panama. Quiz finally got one. I'll write. It must be chicken egg. Be to clock one, 64,000 dollar question. Finally got one. When losing draw none, double their none. Couch potatoes, then, then, then, the 64,000 dollar challenge. And you'll never guess the name of the host. It's not the same one you're thinking of. The name of the host of the 64,000 dollar challenge. Sunny day. Not the same one that we know. Sunny, photo. No, Fox. There you go. Could be the 12th of the war now, or on WQA. Fairwell. The spin over of mountains starting to smell. Bunches up, people are in your will. Just why are you buying here still? Buy a man in the living room. You don't say your word. I'm waiting for you to say. I won't get enough. Man, I'm fristing. No one will bury me. No one will bury me. And I'm starting to rock by the minute. Would you bury me? This minute, maybe. No one will bury me. No one will bury me. Can you put me in the ground by tomorrow? And I'm really down to the leaves that you think in. I'm in the disposable. I'm buying all the hair. Get my stuff. Yeah, give me a pack in here Jimmy. It's 12, 11, 5, 16, WQA. And here's a fact. Look at this. Looking, look, he here comes cookie. I can't believe it. It says Uncle, I just want to say I love the fold today. I grew up in the 70s watching all the things. All these breaking shows from back in the day. They sure be all the crappy reality shows that we're forced to head down. Amen whoever wrote that. See that? Game shows. Game shows are reality shows. What's in the label anyway. I'm going to get for him. It's just another label unscripted television. It's a show without a script. 1966 votes on the pool. Not too shabby considering George Hates at like poison ashes that I would die as a result of it. That's right. And wait till you hear this facts, I just got. Hey, Neil, look what I found. I'm a clear channel job listing site. If anyone wants it, yeah, here's the link to apply. It'll go for that job. Yeah, clear careers. Clearchannel.com. Title, John title program directed WIDWIODWI NZ. The program directors responsible for managing, developing, evaluating, executing all programming content executing the operative word they killed it. This person also oversees the brand team for the radio stations. This is a highly creative and detailed oriented position qualified candidates must be able to motivate, direct and coach high profile air talent. High coach high profile air talent. That was like huge George when the clearance was coaching us. That was right. And possess extraordinary leadership skills. It must also bring a passion for the position and excel in all aspects of the news talk format and radio program management. Although it says news sliced talk, new talk, not new talk, new talk format. Well, John category radio. That's debatable. Location Miramar Florida. Full time. Job requirements, three years full time directly responsibility for radio program management. Maybe Clarice can go over there. Work for a team channel. Do they have a sports station? Not yet, but they sure you know. It's WIDWIODWI NZ. WIDWI NZ is a square America. What will the media program directors for scaring up? We don't have too many sports stations in town. Can't have too many program directors. Let me tell you that. Well, he's not in the shop today. Clarice is not there today. Nor tomorrow. Hold. Or tomorrow because, let's see. What is that? He's not doing the baseball, is he? Well, that's right. Canes basketball, Virginia Tech, or Saturday. And today's only Thursday. So he probably had to get ahead start. He's probably up on the Hershey Highway up there. 560560, what a joke. And pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line. WQAM, hello. Hey, how good deal. Yes, sir. Hey, I don't have a severe in front of me. So I can't check the pole. But is the tell the truth on there? Yes, it is. It is. Okay. Okay. Peace out. Peace out. Peace out. This 560560 pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line. WQAM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I think everyone's missing the big one. Yeah. Everybody's missing the big one. Yeah. Quick. There you go. It's bowling for dollars. Remember that? No. I'm sure that there was such a thing on there. But let's get through here. I'm sure there must have been. It was championship bowling with favorable from WXYZ and Detroit. 600 years ago. You're right. Nobody under the age of 100 gives a crap about any of this. But who cares? WQAM, hello. Let me turn. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes. I'm about to take that go with Ricky Martindale. Yeah. How about the fact that it's already on there? I'm not going to let that go. I'm not going to let that go. I'm not going to let that go. This is what I'm going to say. Listen, I got a good pile of stuff here that I might delve into because this is what we're going to get from now to a clock. It's people calling on and give up and reciting back to us. All the stuff that's already on the freaking pole. See? That's why that whole pool building crap was the biggest bomb bunch of the swelp. All this print series for how you say when you get this in a magnet magnet, they're going to blow his crack away. Won't that be so sad, huh? Yeah. Well, they were to put that big gold crown on his helmet. Maybe they wouldn't be so hard to, you know. You mean the big gold crown? Yeah. Thousands, 77 votes. And the Gong show has got it lift man. The guy in the hands down, 210. And the newlywed game is what it was on 18. And that's game finally starting to make a little bit of a move. The one to wait. Now that we've wits you on these things. All right. Reminded them that it was funny and filthy. We're always doing these, you know, Joe, we were doing this. Yeah, wink wink this. So they couldn't possibly do these guys. Nobody, who I am, hello. Who I am? Yes, sir. Yes. I'm not Johnny, I'm not the old show. Who do you trust? Yeah, that was unmemorable, right? Who do you trust? That's where he got his start. Yep. Okay. Yep. You want to put that on there, Johnny Carson, stared on a show called Who do you trust? That was on for about four minutes in order. And we're, you can put it on if you want. You can do whatever to help you want, you know, since you're so enchanted with this phone, you came up with the side the anyway. That's right. 560, 5050, 5060, on the horizon, seeing a wireless line. Florida House Republican leaders, C.S. today unveiled a proposal to radically redesign the state's tax system in a way that seeks to ease home ownership costs. But could rather a deeper financial weight between the four and a wealthy across Florida. The proposal when asked voters to abolish property taxes on homes and food camps on local government spending and exchange for adoptations highest statewide sales tax. Presently California's got the highest statewide tax in seven and a quarter percent, including 1% that goes to local governments. A proposed constitutional amendment if passed by the legislation would go to voters later this year or at the 2018 election. If approved, I would raise Florida statewide sales tax by two and a half points from six to eight and a half percent. Credit say the changes would hurt the four who don't own property. Who have cheaper housing could lead to painful budget cuts by city and county governments. But advocates called the most dramatic of several proposals yet released in advance of the 2007 legislative session in which Democrats and Republicans agree will focus on being last year's campaign pledges to slice property taxes. But to be put a move but about under the plan voters to be assualing all property taxes on homes state property, homes state properties are primary or worse than which a person is homes state exemption. Taxes will still be paid on vacation or second homes as is, etc. All of this grant. WDQIM. Hello. Yes, I have game show for you. Yes. Supermarket sweep. Oh yeah, that was said was that also Joe Dodgeola. You know, I was a little kid then. In fact, it was back nearly 60 to pretty young but I really think it was pretty bad. So I'm pretty sure it must have been him. Okay, if was bad, he might have been on it. And I think he was. Yeah, he might be right. Okay, thanks, Pal. Supermarket sweep. With Joe Dodgeola. Get that check. WQIM. Hello. Yes, sir. And I have a suggestion for your polls. It's not on there. Yeah. The dating game. The dating game isn't on there. It's only got 47 votes. Oh, good. Oh, good. Oh, good. Oh, good. Oh, good. Oh, good. Oh, good. Oh, good. Oh, good. Oh, good. What did I say about those days when we were doing the poll building stuff? And I want to have that retard to use to call it public exploring. Poll building, whatever happened to him. Oh, I'm sure he's out there. Maybe he died or something really. I would be spectacular. We special. We can have a big celebration. Then we can invite the guy to want to go to the celebrity funeral. So that guy's waiting. We've all been dancing. Oh, that's great. That's going to be going. That's the soft photo. Anyway, man, now content. Now content. WQIM. Hello. Hi. Well, I haven't been able to get to the computer today, but what about Groucho and you bet your life? Yeah. Dick Finder from my old friend from Papadau Park called it in. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Thanks. How's it doing? Is he going to go to your life? Uh, Mr. Groucho was funny. It also felt. It's got six votes already. He called it about an hour ago. And also, why? Filthy. You bet your life was filthy. Groucho had some lines. He did, but not on his show. He didn't know you crazy. Well, one of them got the show ended, so I heard. And if something was shaving, I just do something with a cigar. I see. Well, same difference. Yeah. WQIM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Mr. Groucho. Remember, touch your heart? Yeah. Would you have a... It's on there. Oh, it is. Yeah. I never want to touch it with Tom Kennedy. Yeah, we don't have that one on there. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not doing this anymore. I'm done with these calls. You take them if you want. No, thank you. No, I mean, it's just ridiculous. They're calling in most of the same stuff we already got on. There's about 50 different things on there. And they're calling in and repeating the same crap over and over and over again. And that's because these kind of... The guy was right. Pulled building blows. And I want to... I didn't want to build a pole today. Because no matter what question you asked, the question that they always answer is name something. That's the only thing they say. I got one for the pole. Yeah, we don't want for your pole too. Okay, fly off it. Yeah, that's what I think that pole wants. So they could just call up and name something. Because I don't ever want to do anyone. How about name that two? Oh, that's right. One note. No. Now you ever named a song in one note. I would name them a clue. Yeah, from the clue. From the clue. From the clue. Or I can do that. I'm not quite as dumb as you think I am. Okay, just because I'm one of the way. Because if you were child, I would, you know, all the old people that supposedly knew all this music. Yeah, I blew them all the way to. But when I would sit there in a living room and play with all these old codgers. Excellent. I'm very proud of you. Look and look for a cod. Yeah, that's right. Make it the big bucks. Followed it's fast known at 5.60. If you want to play it, baby. They're great. Every time I have to look at the door, I can't control it. It's not much, it's much more. All that you can't, but it is great. It's like it's not something else. Me, me, me, me, me, me, me. That's why I'm so proud of you. Always for the past, you may so cut the chin. You can't even do it hell, but it's fine. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You were born into money, but you should cut them down. Without you being with me, you're hopeless, but... Life of the party is college days. If left you can't even sit. Or a friend and a mazer got a chance. That's the reason. He's more terrible, he has no mazer, but it's just... I bought my ticket and I'm holding my passport tight. You and I had a dump at a MTD and that's it. Just in case you weren't the thing in the sense of it. I was a... But 1217 and 560WQM. Bob Michaels and Dallas says, 20 year listener here from Dallas. Love your show when I vacation in the keys and now I listen to every day online. Excellent Bob, good choice. I mean, my 40s and I love the pyramid shows. The highlight for me with the cure music and bills and applause when somebody's the end of the crown. I got a... what the hell is it called? Something pyramid. What? The Dani Osmond version was laying when somebody won. Yes, that's correct. It says you are one of the best talents in the radio business. How do you like that and you are... That's so easy to write to you. Signed Bob Michaels and Dallas. Thank you, Bob. And that's sweet. That's sweet. A conema walk. How do you say it? A conema walk was constant. I can't say it. I can't say it. A conema walk. A man says he broke into an apartment with a cavalry sword because he thought he heard a woman being raped at it. But the sound was actually for my pornographic movie that is upstairs neighbor was watching. Now I feel stupid, since James Van Eyver and who's been charged in the case, this really is nothing but a mistake. According to a criminal complaint, the neighborhood police had been iron pounded on the door. I kicked it open without warning. February 12, damaging the frame and lock. Where is she? Van Eyver and demanded. Trusting the sword at the neighbor, the complaint said. I wonder which one was the really good swordsman? Where is she the neighborhood police? Van Eyver and became increasingly aggressive as he repeated the question insisting he heard a woman being raped. The complaint said that with the sword pointed at him, the neighborhood led Van Eyver through the apartment, opening closet doors to prove he was alone. The neighborhood later played for police, the part of the DVD he believed Van Eyver and heard downstairs. Van Eyver and 39 of a conema walk was charged with criminal trespass, criminal damage and disorderly conduct, all while using a dangerous weapon and a Zooncourt's March 5. Together they missed a meter count to hear maximum sentence of 33 months into jail. But keep this yantet away from everybody else. Let them watch their porn or one piece for Krenela. And everybody knows that when you rescue a rape victim, you're supposed to use a Scottish claim or a samurai sword. They're certainly not a some crappy old sword. Van Eyver and said he heard a woman screaming for help, grabbed the sword, bounded up the stairs, kicked in the apartment door, confronted the man who lived there. I'm tended to hold it behind my back and mouth, but I froze instead. And what happened happened, he told him a walkie journal sent. Crap happens and it happened. Contesting his neighbors a conema, I haven't said he didn't look anywhere in the apartment except the front room, and then he never threatened the neighbor with a sword. I had the sword extended, but that was all he said. I guarantee that was not that was being extended that apartment. Van Eyver and who lives with his mother and the downstairs apartments, he didn't call police when he heard the noises because he doesn't have a telephone. Oh, he lives with mommy and does have a telephone. He said he barely knew the upstairs tenant. Police he's been. I've been served with he said was a family heirloom. How do you like that? How do you like them bananas? It's in Quanta, Benana. Speaking of your favorite judge, Silent is a whole column here about him. Yeah, what it is. Judge Larry Silent with his distinctive Bronx. What does that say? Honk. That's his honk. If you're hoarding. Bound it with approach in plain language, this is much a part of the show in Broward, sir. Concord is the case he's presiding over. Silent is hearing arguments over the status of the earth. He remains a van and a cold, but it would put him up. Some legal observers and one of the participants say Silent is a lot of the proceedings to become a circus. It's a circus. He bristle the van. Accuase. He's in court. Don't use that term. It turns me off. Silent school to the lawyer. There's no circus here. My friend. There's nothing circus. If you want to say circus. Say circus equals attention. Which of course is what he wants. He thrives on it. It's all he wants. CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Tuben, Charlie, Chris, I. Silent for lying lawyers is scramble for days followed by dramatic, but marginally relevant testimony. This may be the most ridiculous legal proceeding I've ever watched, Tuben said this judge is one of the least competent judges I've ever seen. He's letting this thing be under all of her creation, most of because he seems to enjoy being on television. The court anchor. Court TV anchor. Lisa Bloom says it's all wearing a little fin. Post at the home of Silent also has critics, when they hear old 22% lawyers respond to the 2004 Broad County Bar Paul found Silent unqualified. A blog of the Justice Advocacy Association of Broad Concludes at Silent is a model of things. A victim of his intercomemien. Silent who was in court couldn't be reached, but they aroused the barricircance chief judge responded to CNN and email. It's not appropriate for me to make comment regarding the facts in a particular case. The son of another judge. Nor his or her legal rulings. No, the handling of the case. With the chatty decides about his wife, his lunch, his daily run in his New York roots, cybernosed holding yours all against the case's colorful characters. A sample of when they at Wednesday's crack from the bench, maybe this is sent through Judge King and something done. He said, let's face it. Money is the root of all evil in my right. Later on, you're going to have to have me with a box of tissues. The judge is not being folks in his combines the directness of a judge's duty with the touchy feeded common sense of a doctor feel. He could be auditioning for his own TV show. I think he's a combination of Jackie Mason and my organ structure said, Gloomy wants to talk about the journey. And everybody we do seem they're stressing everybody putting their arms around each other, singing, cool by ya. Oh, let's do it. Cool by ya. He's very entertained. There's no question about it yet, but it's not about an antenna. A court TV. We keep in mind that these are real people here. Sides unto the jurors, Dickson, we can over and the Smith spot. Quickly referring to what is that baby and declaring that it belongs to me now. He allowed TV cameras into his chambers, then to the courtroom. He ordered a swab of DNA taking for paternity test and releasements of the media. He said he would hold hearings for as long as it takes to bring the war inside together. Each day in court begins with an unusually long statement by silence. On Wednesday he began by saying that while the proceedings might not be as important as the war in Iraq, a little girl's life as it's take. Or GM Vendee, he finally admitted it's not quite as important as the war in Iraq. Almost but not quite. What is this fact say? Don't answer the phone. I don't want any more game shows stuff. Stuff. It's more game shows on a fast stop. There's nothing wrong with the pool in the concept of it. It said these people want to have 4,000 names of shows that run for about 2 seconds on there. And the question is, which now do fun game shows should they bring back? Well, if the show was a flop the first time when it was on for about 2 minutes, and nobody ever heard of it while we wanted to bring it back. The poll question isn't name as many games shows as you can. And you're right. That's what used to say about the poll. When we did the poll building. Every time. The name. Somebody. Something. It doesn't mean that somebody. Certainly. You call us out there. You're so pathetic that there are no words in the language to describe it. I think pathetic isn't an insult to all pathetic people in the world. It's an understanding. Traject. On the line of that one, for the fall. You mentioned the wrong show yet. How about let's make it a deal. It's a greeting process. You continue. All of us are suffering and feeling the weight of it. Here are everyone to bond and be nice. Legal observers say issues involving the child's custody in paternity area relevant to the central issue before him, which is Smith's burial. Silent of ball-bang deeply taned for many or cabby with a very shiny ball-spob, which you know he wanked is been on the bench for 29 years. He presides over family and pro-bay matters. He talks about calling upon well-heeled pals to provide their private jets to show a witnesses, and maybe Carrie Smith's corpse to his final resting place on a moment's notice. He has said he likes to put people in his courtroom and he said they can come together on matters of life and death. And also he calls one of Arthur's lawyers, Tetses, and speaks repeatedly about preserving the beauty and dignity of Smith's corpse while looking out for the best interest of her infant daughter, Danny Lynn. But in his silence, sheer volume of words that seems to be causing the most discomfort. I would simply say that this judge is too long-winded, and too focused on making speeches about himself, Loom said, they do this on monologue about his background. It starts to work thin. It was wearing thin from day one, Loom said. Tupon called to herings a total waste of time in deciding what to be fairly straightforward matter, who's the next of kin and what we're in on a call Smith's wishes. In a decision to assume their urgency like two-day monochrome standard Joshua Perper with a funky head called Savlan on the bench to say Smith's in bomb corpses beginning to deteriorate the county more. It stinks, baby. It smells like a bad. Oh man, it's funky. It's bad. Yeah. But Mr. Stern, get it back to her because- There's what we're advocating. This thing goes on. And then I hear people saying, well, this is just like he OGN. He's a good thing, you know. He had a Michael Jackson trial. I don't see any comparison at all. Do you? No. Anybody who's interested in all these shenanigans and goings down, of course, the reason I read that is because it kills them good time and they're like carrying out 100 hours a day about it. But anybody who really has an interest in this desperately needs to find a- I have no idea. Oh, life. Please. Cracker, please. Okay, how's the pull coming? What? What about it? And when the pull is closed by the way, I don't care if they call it in, if they facts it, and if they throw a rock through my window here with a name written around a piece of paper, but look, there's a carrier pigeon. And there's a Brittany, and I'll, uh, ball headed again. No one's. In fact, there are a bunch of pigeons out there right now, poof and all over my patio. Which now to funk game show, should they bring back to the TV? The gone show, 2016. I hate this pull, what are you denying? 16.9%. We finally got that under 17. No, we would game 11, 21 match game 11. And after that small potato is not reading that list of 600 shows. Congratulations, man. And say cheese. Are you a former astronaut and feeling depressed irritable, irrational, and vengeful? Are you having difficulty adjusting from the highs of orbit to the lows of everyday life? Then you may be suffering from PIS-ACD, host initial space shuttle event disorder. The warning signs of PIS-ACD include wearing disguises, rubber holes and plastic bag collecting, a sudden promise for knives and pepper spray and the desire to take long, car rides simmering in your own excretory fluids. If you suffer from any or all of these symptoms, you are not alone. Literally, ones of former astronauts suffer from PIS-ACD, host initial space shuttle event disorder. But there is hope. At the recent no-eye setter for the bad crap in saying, all are visited to get the help you need, because no one wants to see you go through life being PIS-ACD, except for the 24-hour news networks. 1231 29.01560W to QAM. Let's take a whole bunch of calls. What are you saying? Okay. No, but as soon as they say, they want to add one of the pull, they say the word game or show or pull, they're gone. 560560. I don't want any more, we got 8 million games shows down there already. Okay. Can you deal with it? Do you understand it? It's not. It's not of us even, remember. WQAM, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. 530. What did I just say, sir? I said WQAM is that 560? I'm sorry. Third, I had the radio down, and I got one for your pull. Yeah, okay, good. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Melo. Woo! I love it. I got one for your pull. Why are you really novelty man? How unusual. I got one. I got one for you too. I think fat one. They're my way. WQAM, hello. A nail is a tool that no punches are pulled on. WQAM, hello. Who did more for the game show? That. WQAM. Wow. Okay, like I said, see what's a bad idea in the first place. It was all your idea. I'm sorry. I don't know who's that. You know, it was mine. It was a bad idea. I'm not the pull. There's nothing wrong with the pull. But these people are just trying to prove that you're right. I guess. It's not the pull first. It's just then they have a problem. But it's called life. They have a serious life problem. Not a way Chris, how's your mice face thing? How was still screw up? Oh yeah. Oh, now that you mentioned it during that last break, I went to respond to somebody to hit the head sent me something. Yeah. And it didn't work. Got that same error message. So a lot of people are having problems today. So in other words, it's like a disease that's spreading and growing. It diseases called mice face ineptness. And it's growing. I think it's good idea to stick your email. Your heart is right. You're out of what you're using. It's a nice thing. It's something that really interesting can make that work. Right. But as far as the communication tool, it's not good. So in other words, it's like growing exponentially now. Like everybody's mice face thing is getting all screw up. Yeah, well apparently there's some virus that's going around with people or hacking into your pictures. Okay. What are you talking about? People are using the pictures that you post on your page. Yeah. They're hacking into your account through them somehow. And doing what? Whatever they wish? Well, how does that prevent them for receiving incentive messages? I mean, being as strictly inept design. What's all the line of about that? I guess the viruses are slowing down the mice face. So everything is getting clogged up. And it's just, as if my space wasn't bad enough, it's making it even three times worse. Does that answer your question, George? Whatever he just said? Yeah. The other question is slowing it down. It's interrupted the communication. My fan asks us everything. Yeah. So you click on an email. It's processing it to go to the email. You reply to the email. It's processing it so you can reply to it. Yeah. The hacking that's all. Why can't you open it? Why can't you open it? The system, the mice face servers are just being so overloaded. It can't handle your request so you get it here. Well, screw them. Heart, your mama. Well, if that's the case, how come I can send to certain people and other people here? I don't know. Huh? Because it's my space. When you're steering wheel breaks, how come it turns right and not left? That's why I called it broken. Oh, no. What did I tell you a long time ago? My space blows. Yeah. It's okay for what it was and I'm very grateful for what it ever did. But at least some part of it anyway. But the bottom line is it's got issues inadequate. It's got issues. And I think I've been very lucky. Let's see, what has it been. What did he put that of thing on? Are October? He runs, I guess. And I started, like, paying attention wouldn't be simmered. So let's see. He's simmering. I only about three, three months, maybe four months. And I haven't had, like, a separate day that, you know, who blocked us and gave us a bunch of crap. Other than that, all that was Ethan. That's right. Excuse me. Was Ethan. It wasn't the, what's his name? Crazy person. A group of businessmen in Northern Mexican City of Chihuahua. Broke a tasty record. This past week, making a hunk of meat on the skewer, bringing up to serve 24,000 tacos. In the Friday event of is the taco ton. The meat for a past year taco, a variety of the Mexican dish that consisted of pork swash down to mistake, weighed 3.9 tons and was 13 feet high. Officials from the Guinness Book of World Records recognize the hunk of meat as the world's largest skewer of Kavav meat, not a master of pork. That's some hunk of meat, man. 13.0. What is it? 3.9 tons. That's a sizable hunk of meat. Porses of the vass neck were sold with the drink for a dollar of peace to unrespeccied. To wow a businessmen financed the mech of taco and gave proceeds from sales to a home for abandoned children. Wasn't that sweet, huh? Now, lovely. I got one for the pool, by the way. No, seriously, these people are just impossible. There's just no help for them. And they're like a bunch of disobedient children, no matter what you tell them, I think a lot of needy good spanking is what they need. I'll go get the cricket bat. How about ding dong school with Francis Horowitz, so let's bring that back. She didn't get the paddle out and pat it while I don't think she's spanked anybody. And so, but a lot of kids should have got a good spanking. We have it going on here all the time. Ding dong. Yeah, that's what I'm hearing. That's what I was always doing. Always spanking port gildy. Maybe that's why gildy is the way he is now, but I doubt it. I'm going to keep this that way from the things walked into building. Here's a fact from a zap of Bob. It's a Clarence's clueless. The best show's George does are about those religious speakers. Didn't I tell you that yesterday that's what you said? If he thinks those shows are hard to listen to, just try listening to Matt Bower's show with five minutes of show and then Tim and commercial break. Not to mention that each segment begins and ends with a live spot, masquerading as part of the show time. As Frank Zappers said, there's a big difference between kneeling down and bending over. Wow, how do you like that? I never knew, Frank Zappers said that, did you? No, there's a big difference here. I forgot what it is, and we can't play. You're always telling me we should play the whole thing, but then again, you're a trouble maker. Yeah, well, that's a besides opponent. And if you're going to take me in and take care of me after I'm out on the street, then maybe that, I don't think I want to live in the middle of all that. I'll do everything except change your diapers. I mean, I have my own. We've got a very heavy duty household there. I'll think I wouldn't have any like this. We have 140 votes on the fly to the Bavaria Electrists. We've got another Chris gave us that fantastically excellent technological exploration of why my space is so screwed up and why it's a piece of turd. And you understood none of it. I didn't understand. Then think you were saying, you know what you're saying? You're saying it's slowing everything down because it's got a virus in it. The virus is just making my space to even more. Gurns, I make the work. Yeah, and people are like a wrench. Well, so how do they get that other? The my space people are doing that? They're business. Maybe it takes support people. Oh, they're actually lots of men for a few months. Think of it this way. How would you do it for you to be doing this talk show right now while eating a peanut butter sandwich? You could do it. Don't you know why I could do it? I've done a lot of shows eating lots of food, man. Even more without some milk. We're the glass of milk without the glass of milk. Do you think that I drink milk? Are you a crazy person or what? I knew that you were a fact guy, but I'm drinking milk with my peanut butter sandwich. And probably I wonder where the kills bodies ate ways too. That paste that you are white, wonderbread, it's like this. Like it's like a hard board. Can we? Ooh, fat. So anyway, when we get to the peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, I guess you know who's bringing those for the big event. Very jackass. Oh, that's right. You could have heard the gafine that was going on when what's his name again? Manly. Manly. Manly came up. Barry jackass. When he came up with that, you would have thought it was the greatest line in his field. The biggest thing. You saw the human race. The biggest thing. That's when he came up with that. You would have thought it was the greatest line in his field. The biggest thing. The human race. The biggest thing. The biggest thing. The biggest thing. The biggest thing. The biggest thing. Yeah. I'm having a shot. Hey. Get gay. Gay. Gay. Well, come to the gay. Game by Love those running shoes. Oh my God. Where did you get those? We have. Odo's of the event. Like the hundred me. The big. And the secret knife. I say. I hope. I win a gold medal. It's fun to access the rise. Blast gold gold with everything. You're killing the win, Joe. A daradai. Gay. Get out of your giant. Tired to slap the only thing for the day. How many five? What do you say? That's what my thought he said. The Bushman is expected to announce today that it will exempt children from the new rules of a required people to show past force when in really wet and land or sea borders. All those little kid terrorists baby. That's what it's going to allow in now. Oh, they got bombs in them. The new passport requirements are expected to take effect as soon as January 2008. The government has a lot of money. The government has a lot of money. The government has a lot of money. The government has a lot of money. The government has a lot of money. The government has a lot of money. The government has a lot of money. The government has a lot of money. The government has a lot of money. The government has a lot of money. The government has a lot of money. The government has a lot of money. The government has a lot of money. The government has a lot of money. The government has a lot of money. The government has a lot of money. Are they expected off to know how to sell money on a hardback? They are an election partner. If they want to know how to go to wall funds for a vehicles like last year inaction, President Edward Floyd had to work together. The government has a lot of money. The government has a lot more money on a day, but everyone has a lot of money, she has 3 down live branches for three times a day. If we remove tea, it would be 500 cents, it would be 100 twenty. How could they reduce it? be an enabler. You know, this judge isn't, he's not presenting over a trial. He's doing a running commentary. Right. Circuit Judge Laurie Silent began the sixth day of a hearing to decide the fatal Smith's body with a long, die-attribes, saying the Center for ElectroStrum support system and speculated that a relationship with the strange mother of her, G. Arthur and Esport from Larry Burkhead, sour because of overuse of prescription drugs. We have stern, as he abadguires, he affelled that has some form of a lover, we don't know, Silent said. Whatever relationship he had with her, he would be called maybe an enabler. Sturgeon's attorney, Kristen Barth rose an objection, but Silent continued more promised to be a long day of testimony. Bop-bop-bop-bop-bop, pay it just rambling on. The judge said a self-imposed deadline to rule by tomorrow's dismiss in Bonbbody won't he composed too much for a public viewing? Oh, that would be really nasty for noices where her ass is supposed to be. Arthur wants to bring Smith home to her native Texas at attorney-trend Barth for his stern wants to bear with him when the Bahamas were her son Daniel that I'm referring to drunk related causes last year. What a shame that was. Burkhead testified that I mean, if he would have been really, really ugly, I'd say well, you know, who cares, you know? That's just the way the world is, you know? If you're ugly and you die, nobody really cares. But if once upon a time, you were kind of like, you know, not too bad, it pay, oh, gee, what a shame. Burkhead testified that when he visited the Bahamas home, Smith and Stern shared lives, during he became increasingly concerned about her medicine use medicine. They kept bringing more and more drugs in the house he had it saying that Stern told him that Smith needed the prescription still live. Sounds like a female Elvis to me. Maybe that would take her body up to Graceland. Wouldn't that be good? Graceland? Now to take her up to Graceland, man, and slide, slide her down with a much a large. A large ass. She actually was a large ass, much of her life. So far, the testimony has been peppered with details of Smith's sexual easons. And that he, oh, well, he is a little long time. Let's bring some company for Elvis. And the deals allegedly being pursued to profit, you know I was nailed that right on the, and that's why I potted it down. He stopped it just to make me look bad. Are you? Are you? Are you? Are you? Are you? Are there. Arthur was hammered yesterday with questions of unaccompanetation. She has her would receive from news organizations for access to interviews or footage after deaths of her daughter grandson. She frequently said no to questions about arrangements with specific media outlets and side step other questions or things she'd understand and stern and berked denied getting paid. Certainly nobody would exploit the death of a super sterile hand in the coal by trying to, you know, make some kind of financial gain. Would they? Uh-huh. A couple from Washington State faces charges after auto workers found more than 100. And by the way, you know, Josh was in a dismoin. Josh Cortis? Yeah. I don't want to like play much boss with him or something, but he did this to you one day. And I know I sent him more than five stories yesterday. It was wood by Wednesday, but I know damn well. I sent him more than five stories. And that's what we got on the website. I think they make up for it. I'm going to send him about 40 today. Maybe 50, 60. Love Chris goes. Thank you. Or flung. Yes. Thank you. Let's him Chris grow. Okay. Here. I'm going to show you our green, green stuff and she'll take care of it. No, thank you. That a lot of practice with the Chris. I love it. A couple from Washington State faces charges after auto workers found more than 150 pounds of marijuana in their pickups jury rate gas tank and ordered the police. The 48 year old man in 62 year old woman were being held in the Ramsey County, jail and suspicion of possession of a controlled substance. They told the investigators that we're driving from the Acca, the Washington, the Chicago, according to Kent Bailey, acting agent in charge of the USDA's Twin Cities office, their bad luck is their vehicle has some fuel problems. And they ended up taking it to a modest shop. Bailey be saying. What do I say? He said the fuel problem. He said the fuel problem is meant because by somewhere, we're only getting loose in the tank. That's not really a height. How do you know? Also the tank couldn't hold much gas so the permite of how to fuel up every 100 miles or so. And the auto shop on the side where the couple stuff, Monday, mechanic Daniel Reese noted the truck had a modified gas tank with fresh weld marks. When the two were told the tank needed to be replaced, they were adamant that the repair wasn't needed Bailey said. Eventually they were landed with insisted that the pickups old tank be saved. Workers who became suspicious and called police found that the gas tank had been converted into two compartments. One contained fuel while the other had 157 pounds of marijuana worth about 157 grand. That comes out to sounds like a thousand bucks a pound to me. Boy, you're not paying that much, are you? No, no. Bailey quitted to Reese for recognizing something was suspicious. That's exactly what we need because we didn't have enough law enforcement to cover every corner. He said it was absolutely sharp thinking. Using the phone number to do a leftwoodmite is investigators tracked them to the Hastings in and arrested them. They found 700,000 Mexican pesos equivalent to 64 grand. Do not go to Mexico. Let me take this again. Okay. Little warning for me. Do not go on a cruise. Do not go to Mexico. All of these things. Forget about it. Don't make a bad mistake. Don't waste your heart earned money with a bunch of foolishness. Speaking of foolishness, here's that poll. And I'm so delighted that I took this. In 150 and by the way, with all that controversy about Casparitas, which was on a short time, it was the other one it was on 70 years. Branded got very hostile about that fact that the guy called a ripped him and asked. 1158 on the pool. We'll make 1200 easier. I know what you're worried about. Everything is just fine. Find his wine. You get all paniques just because the mice pastings all screw up. I can't to be. Why can't you be kind of collected like me for a Christ's sake, huh? Exactly. Because I'm not on drugs right now. Oh, maybe I think maybe I ought to start. See, why did these things happen to me? Why is it that the timing of these things? Not that it would ever be a good time. Just look at these things happen. I have bad luck. Like yesterday, it would buy with bad machines, mine. Bad luck. And then last night in the lot of two people, one seven million piece for the $14 million, or a six, 49 lot of, I won 15 bucks. Man. Which now do you fund game show? Should they bring back to TV? That's the poll question. We've got 158 votes. The gong show wins this one hands down your pantaloonies man. 222. I hate this poll. 193 down to way. Paul free 16 points. That's not too bad considering who started about 18. The newlywed game on 26 match game on 13. And then it's way down. Those are the top ones. We don't let's make a deal. 57. When Ben stands money. 53. The dating game 50 to tell the truth. 37 concentration. 33. Not a match. The board goes back. Did you like the way those things turn those squares? You know, I hate actually. It was pretty neat. What's my line 32? Pyramid 31, which includes the $25,000 permit, the $50,000 and the $100,000 permit. And Bill Cohen who you noticed, I didn't like a wander around very much during all those shows. I always thought that he had a wooden leg. Where did I read that? It was not correct. He had the polio as a child. He was a crippled. He had the wooden leg. Who was handicapped? The crippled sounds really bad. And the handicraft. What's my line 32 pyramid 31? The Joker's wild is got. Joker. Joker. He was the worst game show host of all time, Jackford. He was the host of a show, a kid's show. When I was a little kid. And the name of the show was Winky Dink and you. Now, can you imagine if they tried to put a show on television and they named Winky Dink and you, they get right out of town on a railman. The religious nuts would be just all over them like Stink enjoys. Winky Dink, my ass. But not so different. Yes, had a set of the box top from some kind of cereal or some crap, which of course I did. And you got a plastic screen. It's to put over the TV screen. Love no sheet of plastic. And it had like blue tinting on the top for the sky. And like pink tinting in the middle like for, you know, people, what, what, and yeah, right. And then the bottom was green like for grass. And what we did was it took the piece of plastic and you just smeared it over the TV screen. And then you will like a member of Winky Dink. Why are you playing that? Do you know the name of it? The got to. David Favic Cortez. Happy organ? No. Rinky Dink. Oh, Rinky Dink. I know the song. Rinky Dink. I was a baby. Rinky Dink. Name that 2020. Eight, well, connection. 24 password. 21. Card charts. 12. Truth of consequences. 12. Pressure, luck 10. You bet your life. Eight. Hollywood squares. Eight. Several of the century. Eight American. Let me. There's seven. One. Those are draw seven. 21. It's got four. Tick that go four. Be the clock three. 64 thousand. Question three. High rollers. Three. Supermarket. Sweep. Two double there to. Two. Tenaltails to treasure out one with late January's div. Pentamon quiz one. 64 thousand dollar challenge with sunny fox. No, not that one. One. One. And no both for who do you trust? When was it draw or couch potatoes like that? Very jackass. It's got the round. When I'm up in Bokatega, slap an old woman with pink and lips around the pool. I listen to the new Rogers one to two. I mean, I listen to the new Rogers. I hear in balance. One to two hours. Go away.impression. My dad. I'll see where I am, it's news to me You don't say, sir, I've heard a step to meet my home Peace with the clock and yonder it, Last one to work Me and the thing Once upon a time imagine Ella, Jacob, like appreciate the light We said to the people I'm alone on your turning, once and for don't worry Lisa, you said Cream, She said I would tell you Dear my, all you hear about There was every fight in the end How the mud is not to mention how the earth And still come with it, it wasn't for their fate Wouldn't it be they could do it and chose again Don't let it get out of the earth And they'll be holding me home And they'll be leaving it No one can let it out She had only that to get there, I think she'll get out of there And she's obsessed with the world Yes, she'll get out She had no chin, did you ever see her? Yeah, he made it a point If you had no chin and she also had an interview schedule with the Jack Ruby And then what happened? And then she died Oh, she died Yeah, I feel like I'm not here Well, he died of cancer I guess I got it It went a bit of feeling fine one night And then the next day woke up with cancer And he died like him about five minutes But yeah, she was supposed to have this big interview He was going to spill all the beans About what was the whole Lee Harvey Oswald thing And the JFK assassination and she died mysteriously So I'm sure the chicken that will spend hours You know, just ask him about Dorothy Kilgala I don't have to Or he still talks to mother It's a whole multimedia presentation when the name comes up Well, they were back in the day back in the day Back in the at I know the 50s, 60s, maybe early set Well, I guess through the 70s There were some people who were professional game show panelists Yeah, like Betty White And Charles Nelson Riley Yeah And Who else I don't know Paul in now I'm Paul in was just in Hollywood Square He was on a bunch of other one But in there were several They were like for a professional panelist on every day in game show Tantel tales was a very bad show by the way I'm glad I couldn't remember the name of it the one with the verb comedy It was a bad show Don't remove it Horrible And the husband and wife would be on And they would alternate and the wives would be sitting on the panel And they would have little TV screens in front of them And you'd show the husband who was offstage with a bunch of headphones on so we could You know and they would they would turn the audio off or turn it on so we couldn't hear her answer It's said or so on That kind of crap 560560 this is the intelligence ER baby between now and two o'clock you'll see Nobody's going to be suggesting any anymore for the poll because if you do It'll be your last suggestion 560560 and palm 560 I'm even rising in singer-wireless line how about that drain weight huh Chris? Oh, that's very bad That's bad I mean what's that kind of do with the verb They're done If he's out for any extent time I asked me if I care I was only saying it for seasons Now you want to give me a serious answer about them I'm trying to know get us our the sports pass You don't do it don't do it. Kill my am hello Robert Kew Lewis Right now remember right there was another one and Gary more yeah Anyways, no what I called about I The movie I was washing last night about Because one of your guys is it and I called it give you a movie spy review that is fly boys Which ain't Franco? Oh, I love James Franco sometimes sometimes It's pretty good in this it's got a lot of good in a non gay way. It's got a lot of good looking guys gay In it's it's sent a lot to get us to go one one pretty good and the other one was Inferless as opposed to Capote I've seen both and I liked him from his way Well, the same time to get from me. Okay, thank you. I'm Palian to watch out for that truck all My boys I saw it and it's got Party faces like the guy said but yeah as a movie it blew Well, you know the thing with James Franco is he's I don't know how to like a comedian not a comedian but a comedian do it bad job It no the word the movie didn't suck because of him I mean, I don't want to suggest because what do I know about him? You know those on these bizarre diets at times it gets very interaction looking and then there are the times they look Very normal like in a twist and the Zoll he looked fine in there and he was running around naked and half the movie on the beach with washer name But he looked fine But like in Spider-Man. I thought he looked pretty gone. You know he looked Well, I think I want to watch those again. I really enjoyed that there was by there Good and I'm looking forward to number three. Let's three coming up this summer WQAM hello WQAM hello I do and hey Neil Excellent I have two things. I know here you want complaining about this sales Chaps increase With the property taxes thing Yeah, because they don't know that much about it and they haven't done the math yet They haven't figured out whether it's gonna cost in my fortune or whether in long when it's gonna save it I'm ready to put my put my pencil to my ass on it Okay, and the second thing I was watching CNN in the morning yesterday in Mexico They have a b-ride where you get to be a An illegal immigrant and get to feel what they feel like they get chased by people shooting in the air Right good Conditioning I like it if they're shooting in the air. They're they train is off now man. I saw it there It's for real We have a nice day. Okay. Thanks. Bye. Bye. He's got a parrot on the shoulder that you know Maybe a Mexican parent we think it's a show 5605050505060 the rise in singular wireless line We got the mad dog at two the power hour with hand can the mad dog together four to five Humphrey solo five the seven scottes and an asterisk on the schedule. I have no idea what that means That means that there was a change from the previous schedule that was put out which you actually didn't see because That schedule was given to us twice in one day. I see asked me if I care then we got pants It was 7 7 30 it's the pants is hosting the Pittsburgh Penguins Sydney cross the Evgeny milk and the most exciting team in the NHL I would say pretty damn entertaining I'd be there if I was you and of course most of you won't and then after the hockey game it's game night with Jesse Adler who takes it all much too seriously by the way Correct am I right? Yep, good guy, but yeah, he gets a little bit. He's a very good guy, but he takes it all very seriously Maybe that's why he works for Q and maybe because What's his name whatever the hell his name is? Clarence found him on a street corner somewhere reading Racing forms or something he takes it all very very serious Well, Jesse graduated from UM. Oh, well, I just claims it Q. I am hello Hey, Neil, how are you? Pretty good. Hey, I have a comment about the game shows Yes, sir. What about Yes, sir, and game show the fun TV today What is it? What about the most idiotic and just stupid game show that's actually on TV today? What about Like you'll or no deal or one horse 100 You know you guys hear your Paul is about good game shows that people remember from you know the old days Well, no, but but the pull question is Which now the fun game show should it bring back to TV so if it's something that's on now how can it be now the fun and how can they bring it back when it has been away yet? See no, I I'm not an home on the computer, so I I don't I didn't know what the So I don't or if it defensive about it now nothing worth the mean defensive No, no, no, no, no, I just I just I don't you know I just got a good idea things like that games show that around these days are just There's just crap and there are crap Yeah, let's go right here. There's correct. It's cram right there work just like the sitcoms that around today. They're also just cram Exactly And then have a good day. Thanks a lot back to you. Okay When you agree that that one word sums up most of what's uh, oh don't tell me we have a my sweet It doesn't work My close personal friend says it doesn't work I can't even open the inbox and see what message of it's a fine sending messages until they're they're having issues It's fine sending messages here until they're back up Do you understand what that means you don't have to? What do you mean they're screwed up today and for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the This is it's fine sending messages here and so do I'll out of my space No, this is this is a test message. Well, that's what he's saying it's fine to send him messages Through the text message until my space is back up Right, and that's why I told him I'll communicate on hotmail and not on and I know here See this one thing. Let me say this to you. Okay, and thank thank the Lord because I probably shouldn't say this on a year, but what I will anyway I'm sure I'm sure it's crossed his mind But you know how insecure I am that's the other statement of the century and you meet somebody online On my space for example, which is a very unreliable place to be meeting and greeting I mean for me It's worked fine. I like you said I just have been very lucky I've had really a little problem. It's fine for meeting and greeting It's not fine for a continuity But if you want to buy a contact with somebody and you don't want to know you've got the you know some reason to be in touch And and you don't have the regular email or phone or Whatever a way to text message them your screwed man Now can you imagine if that was the my only contact that this particular point in time? I would have been like I would have been like ready to jump off the aboucanyther Oh, she's here because I'm a maniac Right, I see these things that I want it because because look what what am I supposed to know about this? I mean a 64 year old queen on my space. I mean come on. Okay With I would 1217 friends including couple good ones and one really very very very very good one. I mean, yeah, what is that? So the fact that I'm on there in the first place at all is a is a major miracle But the idea that I'm supposed to be able to relate to the technical scrubs And of course everybody has been telling me and warning me and because I've been lucky as ah Yeah, you people are so you know cynical But I'm wrong Everybody's been telling me that it's a piece of crap my space and that works whenever it feels like that's right And then when we have these brain parts like this god only knows when I was gonna come back Right, and they're attitude is hey, it's a free service quicker bitch and yeah, and how do you think I felt this morning when I sent such an important Such a mean was listen nothing that I send is all that important, okay It wasn't it was no no thing was it would be it but you said somebody something Many realized they can't we didn't you can't open it anymore and I'm like well, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah You know if I think I said here for an hour this morning go like oh Oh Just like that On our at least and George kept patting me on a handstand just relax calm down. It's my space about just relax True whatever value. This is that a spacer right here It doesn't work at least for me. I can't even open the inbox. You see what message I have and or anything It's fine sending messages on here until they're back up So in other words, it looks like the message is sent but then when it comes back up again You try to like open it and you can't do it. That's the deal So it's not with everybody. I mean I can send that with certain people and go through and like with you correct But with all the while I want to send you a message for if I'm gonna tell you something I'm right here you're right there. I'm gonna send you a message. I got a message for you and it's here He wear of exploding balls The death of an end of cold Smith. You know what honestly if this paternity issue is crazy We now have someone else stepping up saying I could be the father That is surprise for you Homer let me guess you dated an in a cold you pretty lady Oh, and you guys got freaky dinking something very close exactly along those lines and I knocked you up for real. Hey damn right. How was that possible? Do I have to draw you a diagram Homer your cartoon characters well well if it isn't professor Know it all and cartoon characters cannot knock off humans. Oh crap. I forgot Okay At last 60 WQM118 now here's the facts is what about kitty Carlisle? Is a perpetual game show panelists or her she was on the hoss my line and to tell the truth and she was on every damn show kitty Carlisle I have no idea what else she did where what else she came from anyway Yelp Vicki Lawrence Carol Burnett She was on a password lot. Carol. Okay A top army general blamed a breakdown of leadership for poor living conditions of wounded soldiers at the US armies ran out of water read medical center But General Richard Cody vice chief of staff of the army said no one has been relieved of command or discipline since the Problems were exposed over the weekend by the Washington Post Clearly we've had a breakdown in leadership and bureaucratic medical and contractual processes dog down a speedy solution to these problems Cody said it depends on news conference The posts had convulsing soldiers in one army building were living in rooms with mold covered walls holes in the ceiling and Festations of rodents and cockroaches The series set off a fewer with the White House expressing shock and law makers to Maniacion. I thought we already had a fewer in the White House with a little mustache Cody said he inspected building 18 or 76 service members are house and found that their rooms range from being very good to not being good not good Kind like this full today not good not not for the pull not good, but just the phone response not good and burasing They were well furnished. He said but the upkeep of the infrastructure the walls and stuff wasn't the speedy said the general attributed to Laps and standards to officers who are inexperienced and too low ranking for the job they be having He said appropriate actions have been taken but no one has been relieved of commander fired We will do the right thing across the board as we continue to assess where lead your failure and breakdowns where he said Cody said the army also is reviewing its procedures for handling wounded soldiers and their families following complaints of bureaucratic red tape They're really taking good care of our soldiers. I'll tell you The ones who are still alive and the ones who still have enough body parts to put back together again Yeah, I haven't submission. Oh, oh, the way What you're sure I think I'm having some of my own internet issues. I could be wrong. Maybe the internet is gonna just collapse today See into the world you think that's it. Yeah, yeah, see I'm on my hot mail I'm signing my password to go into it and it says it's incorrect. Well, I know it's not incorrect What the hell is that all about how is that possible? You know See what I'm saying every everything is all ball that ball screwed up How the hell is that possible Get out go or can the internet off I mean is it possible somebody can do it with you change your password or something? And it be possible But that's not likely Well, then how come it won't go through Issues problems glitches bugs Very well Sunspots the moon and the rate of man there is something really going on here man something really strange going on Hot mail not mail my space yours face Wow Just enough to drive you absolutely up there. Well. I'm not gonna worry about this second. You know Good 560 pound 560 in the Verizon and Ciguiter wireless line WQAM hello WQAM hello Yes, sir have you animal spitter neutered When I was Bob Barker junior junior WQAM hello Yeah, this is not a post suggestion, but a challenge. I will not be seeing them try to bring back name that tune With all the squeal we got on the air today What is that man what was it? Well, as it says a day music I don't think anybody can get in one of them right with the beast that's coming out I see which you're saying bring it back with the crap that the passes for music did yeah, that's an appropriate moment I would agree with that name this hip hop tune right good point See the guys that something to say oh let's hear that again rinky being by they baby Cortez How about the happy organ Or the happy rinky thing How are we doing on the floor we're gonna make what was our what we're trying to get to five votes 1187 oh yeah, we got 1200 like no problem Yeah, that thing with my hotmail I want to start getting people nervous and suspicious about what's going on here You know what I'm saying yeah, well you won't And of course the fact that Chris now you love to you're on my spaces that's when you're looking at and you're my space thing Now right now nobody I mean you were before yeah before yeah But it's unconnected well, you know whatever it is Welcome to the internet I'm just gonna do this one more time okay play more Dave baby Cortez I And the same Camey shot Yeah, I'll go through my passwords in close the wrong password is in for us I know it's a sense right I Don't know whatever in the clothes that's it into clubs here you go you can't show Oh well, let's take scare that I guess Next time working even now now how the hell is all this happening? I don't want to get people nervous or anything like that but when all of a sudden your hotmail Which has been working fine all morning long and you can't get through and it says the passwords in correct Somebody has been on your podcast game with the whole internet would seem to me and I'm not just me Huh, right? Is it possible? Yes, it's out work Not seriously in a while away. How can anybody do that? Are are you kidding me? You know I'm not kidding you you work with equipment every day Yes, on any given day any number of the pieces of equipment that are supposed to work Don't the way that they're supposed to be working. Yeah, but it's no special in this place. Yeah So you're getting your car one day and something's wrong with it and you say to the mechanic it worked far in yesterday And the mechanic looks at you like you're crazy put you understand there's nothing wrong with my piece of equipment No, no, I understand the the internet is an unreliable piece of equipment Hotmail has problems many times. Oh We already had the conversation about hotmail. Here's another thing on the list of 5,000 things that he did refuses to listen to hotmail sucks almost as bad as my space Really it's unreliable It's what aren't reliable I'll be damned and all of this time their servers are also inadequate for the amount of usage that it gets and so things You know get periodic I should go back to my other rod my real was it called a real or or yeah, who which even though Problems they have problems too Give it web mail or Gmail they have fewer problems than hotmail or email ultimately You'll have to lease problems with a real non web mail based email. I see Looks to me like there's some internet service coming baby. I could be wrong about that Look some like maybe maybe we're being infested invaded and nobody know hello You're a cyber invasion Severan age now, did you say that you had you couldn't sent the policy I Responded to several people today Three of them went through just finding one of them could not and I got the same error that you did so It's affecting some people and not others. I see The wicked war be we wear the wicked war man. It's twisting and turning look out for that wicked worm Holy Macanot. This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God Common interest at mass holy comes off all over the world If one hand on the board I could be other one green so I can look at naked Macanot region Lizzy and this loving team And girls who are gone Use my credit card to purchase an adult I think that gets me right into the sun Or the China's all that China will dot com make my hands start to turn and for hot young ones I just roll on down with menu and return It goes up oh sin or eat up some barely 18 And chicks with a bowl After teens like you tease I look more back to see my cute tiny baby What do you say? Okay, any way. Here's a very useful. Thank goodness windows email virus going around. Oh, not see your buddy build gates again It says working and go daddy we hear about different viruses going around there is a web based email going around Effect email access well that's your affected mind is now because I can't get on it For money, huh? I said how do you like that? I don't like it It says make sure you win everyone including the old download latest updates or Microsoft I've seen people that many belay says email at all until they install the update. Oh, what's it? Well I thought I always did too, but evidently not Maybe not it might not be in your computer the problem Meaning what that it could be on the servers that handle your email For example hotmail So no, just got hit with the viruses what you're telling me and I'm a computer that's why they like probability that's a probability I see Well, there's only there's only one way to react to that and I'm sure that everybody would agree Right We got some serious internet source baby Where's how go when we need him? Oh, there's a hill of swivelry and Barack Obama She couldn't hold a candle to him. She probably liked to Set him a fire oh here's the thing about flaming a fortune the guy called it about before It was a Florida lottery game show that aired in the middle late 90s it was originally produced on the banner of Mark Goodson production Remember goodson time and they did all the quishos? No, you don't know Long-taping cycle later five shows in there the production company then became Jonathan goodson productions long discussed is the first solo production for J GP The show's original answer was rich fields who's now Bob Barker's permanent answer on a price is right Which was the answer on flamingo fortunes for three seasons? How what if he was can the fat rich fields or peppy fields or strawberry fields forever The original host were J. The Roberto and Lisa stall Sullivan Lisa was a former model from the nighttime version of prices right J. The Roberto was placed after the first season in replace with former ABC kid show host Michael Young So mango fortune was produced by Jonathan goodson production at universal studios in Florida. I never heard of it I never saw it. I thought he was talking about the a lot of draws show, but there was actually a quisho The nobody saw and think I'd be didn't put that on it so anyway Virgy Arthur's lawyer is diabetic and He just about passed out he needed to eat good mind jaman That's right there in the courtroom. Well, I'd tell you man you talk about angst between the internet between the inanimate cool business and the evolved hidden judge Males judge Judy her mother's up pig and a Skate money chasing money grabbing white trash pieces filled by the way, but I didn't make you like her a lot. Yeah, she's great Like mother like daughter so there are all kinds of stuff going around But I don't you think that's in my computer now or what no Although always do the updates. That's a good idea Yeah, I mean you probably had it set on automatic. That's a new computer well I ask you something if you yeah, yeah, whatever if If you get a virus in your computer and then you like do the updates is that eliminated? I've never let's just never have the pleasure of having a virus in Michael what about you Chris your computer Rex for you're supposed to be a maven on this crap. I don't want to have my computer infested with all kinds of crap in it If you get a virus you have to run a virus scan program just updating the latest patch won't get rid of your virus Do you want to run that by me again? No the answer is no The answer is no what doing the update will not get rid of your virus So I have to do a virus scan yeah, okay, what's like aren't What I never use well other things seem to be working on there? I don't know after the show Consider and patch you around with it the whole day. It's not likely that you got a virus in your computer It's more likely that the virus is out there affecting other things and other people like the servers It says there's a red based email virus going around affecting email access Right, oh, in other words see if remember when I'm trying to explain the difference between web mail and real email web mail being mail and Yahoo and Gmail That's that's what she's referring to in that email there web based email the virus is affecting what based email Well, this is her morsi thanks Rosie. She's a sweet home We know Rosie. Yes, I do crack them all the time Well, that's what we need is a lot more computer experts out there because and and may might that be Might that be involved in the my space yes, I just as also is technically speaking that is also web based email right So it isn't just in my base is incompetent or an F but the fact that they've got a virus in addition to being incompetent and in that they might have a virus So I would take like a long serenge and fill up with something really good and stick it on your monitors What I would do when I'd be good. I do just take it or stick it in your You can fit it. Yeah Man, oh man who would have believed when I got over the cactus horn that we would be involved in all these cyber problems, you know Another reason that this whole cyber life while I'm going to tell you it's a damn good thing that there's other There's more than one way to skin a cat, you know, I mean What the long way to the short way? No, I'm just saying this There's a lot of ways to communicate with people because otherwise like I told you before you know me I'm just I can't deal with that I don't function well When there are people I want to reach out and touch not not literally, but you know Figured to be speaking. I want to be able to touch everyone once in a while you know me I don't want to like be in in limbo and just whatever But everything is fine everything is under control. I can't get on my hot mail and my spaces screwed up But other net. Yahoo looks pretty good and You you say fat all of that now I could I could do another I could open up another hot mail account But now what is same name what I'd recommend is using really mail not opening up another account on a bad piece of Webbed You are You are so middle-looking about that. Oh, there's the lawyer for Larry Burkin I think I can't even these conclusions that's a daily no power to learn in the Bahamas does not need to be a biological father American law governs that child she is a U.S. citizen all of you in the media have the power to put the pressure on the Bahaman government to do what is right It was the behaming girl. I was just talking about their of course the babies in the Bahamas in their time I thought a lot Like a lot Are completely he's very ordered or does not smog like Jackance the peanut treks a tour of the most who the father of the baby is and apparently That judge agreed on that so she was commenting on that and Obviously we'll have much much more very sure we will and boy we're gonna be right on top of it like stink on Greg Man house Greg doing you see your buddy Greg reading the hallway at any time and say hey Thanks a lot for stealing Josh Cortis where at least trying to and Joe Bell sure's stuck at the you I see him a couple times a week in the hall The end you like give a big hug or something like that or what do you do We we bump knuckles. Don't try to do oh no don't tell you doing the old fist routine. Yeah, we're fest I said guys do that that one time man It was first the first time it was a high five which you know that's okay. I mean corn corny but an insincere But it was okay. That's what I was still in denial about how much he hated me but then you and him I mean he hates you like toys me try to fire your ass and every time you run a year like oh Geez, we got George. Oh, we can't tell his new thing is just to make fun of me Yeah, that's right. I tried to enjoy one of the bus and the pressure columns business and you guys are fisting You know see you're you're too easy man. I don't you know me I'm not a hard ass and then it's fun of the I'm I get along with most people except for Don't over the years. I pretty much be along with the people in the building They're there because you never in here. That's that's your secret. No, I'm talking about when I was there I was there for quite a while no, no, you don't linger you don't I don't hang around by the water line Because it was something familiar ready breeds contemporary does it that's a good policy for all you working Stiffs out there don't hang around at the office way before work I mean unless you're getting some action or something like that if it's really good and fun but I mean other than that Don't hang around till I don't linger and my linger man because it's bad for Moralyn It's bad for your future life I love the watch books and bots and barking You In the Oh Oh I Oh Weff Out then Keep the hide our sting You know how to find your ever way Yes, you've got to hide your order away Now you're so upset and badly upset You've got to fight, you've got to hide your order away Now you're so upset and badly upset You've got to hide your order away Now you're so upset and badly upset And badly upset and badly upset Now you're so upset and badly upset Now you're so upset and badly upset Have you got to hide your order away Now you're so upset and badly upset Now you're so upset and badly upset Now you're so upset and badly upset And badly upset Now you're so upset and badly upset Now you're so upset and badly upset Now you're so upset and badly upset I think to my space thing is clear it up really yeah because the message that I sent last night they didn't go through and I couldn't read I just over and up. Ah, that exciting or what no so maybe Chris now maybe Chris can give us a little ass instance on this because we've got 127 my space friends out there and probably out of other people are on my space and use it for email who are friends of ours Nate us like poison but never does. Now can you go on it there and check when it does check it out and see if you can open those messages that were unoperable before I will go there and check. Please wouldn't this be exciting a little right on the year or not that I had anything to do with it just just crap happens you know what I mean see it seems to be spending a lot of time itself for lately. I just had a big fire on my baby just now. What does that have to do with your my space page mister. I don't know. Well I'm waiting for my thing to load up with our wonderful internet so. It does what all that's right them we won't be on the year long enough it's 147 over we only have 13 minutes left. Pacific Missouri it's not the traditional till death it was part interrupt by the way anytime if you get exciting news there. Both are both going to try it. But we certainly may have never got to go and of course you're by the time you get on it will be like about what for 30 about whatever for 20. It's not the traditional till death it was part but Scott Amseler and Miranda Patterson believe getting hitched in a graveyard is just thinking outside the box so to speak. Next lover going to get hitched in the garage probably things what. So I'm going to expect it error has occurred. Or still not going through. Correct. Well how can I was able to open up this thing that I said well I don't know. I don't know. I'll find out. Come September the number of couple of special plans they're undying love among the dearly departed and the same Louis suburb Pacific Missouri in the city cemetery even though those who have proved the request are dead set against it. You think that's a little play on words they're dead set against it a lot of people who are not really. They want to get punched. The wedding would be out of character for answer 27 a computer expert for a financial company by day and a rehab or old herses by night. Oh man seems to be he's got a grave problem we have her. The graveyard he said just as a certain tranquility and something for. Nothing else I can't be the word something into the young couple of insist will be a small property traditional wedding set for the bag pipes and says we further turn and throwing a little bit turnally silent witnesses. People are going to think how they want I don't actively try to convince people that my interests are normal or logical and so said I'm not a freak or a Satan worshiper or too bad or cult member it just goes with our theme what's wrong with the Satan worship or huh. Deep down the couple said it just seemed right deep down then say how deep. I'm going to have some by the beach is how deep is your love. Yeah answer and Patterson recently moved to Collins. I got a girl also you did. Yes. I was a little bit more like a girl for you guys and probably if I went back on it it's not working either and I don't know if any false hope. Yeah don't know. Well I would ask everyone else in the world who uses the internet understands it. It's unreliable at best. So you're the only one freaking out. Do I sound freaked out man? You're flipping. Wigan. Wigan. Wigan. Wigan. Wigan. This because I said in the number one would be the Satan worshiper. I'm not know wigan which one are you talking about. And so in Patterson recently moved to Collinsville and I would be Kim had him not long after they met in November 2005 at a birthday party where Patterson 21 was to have been these celebrants blind date. Amsterdam showed up in a retooled hersted cup Patterson's eye. It was retooled. I wanted to ride in it but I'd check it out for last minutes you said. By their first date weaves later on New Year's Eve Patterson to Amsterdam was the one. Not long after which he quit her factory job in Sullivan Missouri and moved in with Amsterdam's Troy Illinois. Amsterdam proposed last June and fixing the side of the 65 hers which the two call Edgar a plate with a simple message will you marry me? Isn't that romantic and a herse? And what was your first date? Dersnix is very appropriate both of the retin and the funeral part and the grads. Simulator and the herse. It should just save time and climb right into the grave. Will you marry me? Seconds later the rings lid on to why crying Patterson's finger. Should we see that Grisina Gades may give not only one stipulation the wedding had to be outside in a gazebo. Her worries were kind of like in the Gotha the one they married on in a gazebo. That's what it looked like to me. Yes. It's like a gazebo. I'm not really sure what a gazebo is but it looks whatever they want to be. I know what it is. I know it when I see it. Just like one of the Supreme Court justices he couldn't define pornography but he said he knew it when he see it. And he probably sees it a lot. Her worries related to rest while she and Angela drove to her dad's house while traveling on I-44 Patterson's father the gazebo on a hilltop only defined it was in a graveyard. No worries. The view was just gorgeous. She said. And this is where I want to get married. When a couple of call last fall from Merston used the three acres cemetery which states all the way back to the Civil War city clerk Joanne Honey told him local cemetery committee would have to decide. When I spoke to them they were just in normally on a couple of one of them have a wedding someplace that thought was nice and serene for a very small intimate wedding hold. He said they weren't any cul-group raising like that much as Satan worshipers a bunch of witches a bunch of wickens. Bill Hull meant to say when you were all the men on the cemetery panel wasn't your wife. He said it's strange to me it's kind of unusual thing around here he said the county town were roughly fifty seven hundred residents roll up the sidewalks at nine o'clock and everybody goes to bed kind of sounds like Indianapolis to me like a real exciting place. Wedding in a cemetery. Excellent idea because it'll be the death of at least one of them anyway. Well I don't want to go into that. Over that free story building on Miami Beach in abandoned free story by the fire maybe that's where Chris was talking about before he told us to go out and what's about how he's my space is still screwed up. Well I was hoping mine seemed to unscrew a little bit you know so that's our full question tomorrow would you as be unglued or unscrewed.