Oh man, I Geneva's turn Man, why wasn't we doing a school store on ann confess But all it took, yeah, that everything has the background Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, and... ...and that old dad, that old peach-coach on Bob, Bob, Bob, and... ...that's it. Goodbye, kitty Carl, I hope to tell the truth it's been a while. You had a pretty good run, I'm not surprised to see a guy like this at the 10th of the region 90 series. I'm dying over here. That's one less angel panelies. Professional contestant. That's for the old actor, Deadpool. I put my money down on Charles Way. You still alive, that I'm hungry and... You did a mom's brother's fail. The rest was angel's fail. With such a stingy, waged angel card. As should we say, ...that it's a top post that it wasn't free. Only Francis John David, but tell your best life so... ...resting in the memory full of hope, but got in the age of the bones of the world. Let's go, Joe. Hey, I'll guarantee you, she's gonna do very well. You take that boy, your favorite dead game show panelist from 100 years ago. Yeah, show it. That would be one of your favorite polls. You hate those ones, you know, and deal with the old forts like me and chicken eggs. I'll send that to you, or I'll be able to go if you're lucky and unlucky. That's right. I don't know if this guy's gonna make it or not. This is quite a story from the BBC. Thanks to whoever sent this in, obviously some free-vert. Man cuts off penis in restaurant in London. Oh, no. And it was a packed restaurant, too. Police were forced to use the CS... Don't start. We just got on the air. I'm doing it. Oh, I'm doing it. Chris made a funny face. That's all he wanted. It's only Wednesday. I thought he was on Thursdays with him, just during our show. Now it's only Wednesday. Oh, God. Well, that's right. The hockey season's over for some teams like the Panthers. So he's got not much else to do. What is he supposed to kick his ass on here and get that thing down to way... Oh, point. Oh, nothing. Talk about annoying. It's like I said, turn out the lights, the parties over. Anyway, police were forced to use CS Gans to restrain the man when they entered the ZZ restaurant in the Strand on Sunday evening in London. A metropolitan police folks were once said the man was aged between 30 and 40, and that his injuries were self-inflicted. The man was then taken a hospital in South London where his condition is stable. It's understood that surgeons were unable to be attached to his penis. Oh, my God. A spokesman for ZZ said the man was not tough at any connection with the restaurant, or any connection with his penis, I guess. She said around 9pm Sunday, a man walked in the ZZ restaurant on the Strand down the stairs to the basement restaurant, and he tried to let her catch him. Members of the staff stopped him, which should time he ran into a second kitchen area. The man then picked up a kitchen knife and sliced himself across the wrist and groin areas before running back to the restaurant where continued to stab himself. The staff didn't matter a second, so it was obviously extremely frightening and distressing for the man for our for the many customers and staff in the restaurant at the time. She added a part from the man we understand that nobody else suffered any physical injuries. He sliced off his penis right there in the restaurant. Well, does there anyone? Torvel story. This is just, I don't know, why I'm wasting my time passing this along. I'm always well past gas as well as past, by the way, it's wood bind Wednesday. Everybody on their knees and pray for the other man maybe 150 bucks or something. Wood bind Wednesday. What do you think? Any chance of what? Winding? Yeah. Sure, you're going to go on a nap. What's that, Chris? Say, sure, you're bound to wind again. Yeah, right. Some day. Computer files, self-all records and emails have yielded no evidence. See, this is what kills me about America. It's like it's a big mystery. They've yielded no evidence about what triggered so many who he chose, Masterford, Virginia Tech last week and how he chose his 32 victims. The fact that he was crazy, I guess, doesn't end or end of the whole deal. What the, what the, like that? An interview yesterday with the AP State Police Superintendent Colonel, W.D. Stephen Flaherty said the 30s have found 11th and so could begin to explain the massacre that end when Chote took his own life. A 30s also said there was no link between the 23 year-old owner and his victims. We certainly don't have anyone motive that we're pursuing at this particular time and that we've been able to pull together informally Flaherty said, it's frustrating because it's so personal because we see families and citizen communities suffering and we see they want answers. See, that's what, that's what the human race is very well. We invent questions for where there are no answers and then how can we don't have any answers? Like, I'll take this a best question of all, okay? I could be wrong, but I think, Why? Yeah, what do I do? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Oh yeah. Just like the whole god thing, man. Let's make some way out. Yeah, you gotta make something up. Flaherty says it's frustrating because it's so personal and they want answers. Flaherty spoke to the AP after spending the day meetings with investigators to prepare for a news conference day by about 307 covered and the answer is, no, the asian, not a thing asian, not too much as and we don't know not. Asian, crazy people with guns have a habit of like blowing and just all of a sudden, what a thing is blowing away a bunch of people. It's just the way it is, every known it. Chris can feel really confident today because we have 848 already. Yeah, we're flying for this one. This is a good pool. Good pool and George will change the pool of 790. Now let's just see, let me just check up on Eric and see if he's got you. Look at that. He is the best in spite of what Josh used to say about him. And you know what tomorrow's pool is? Which illegitimate use of your computer at work are you most frequently guilty of? Oh yeah. There are some people who just sit there with that thing. They're tapping and tapping and they're not tapping at work. I'll tell you that. I'm not sure what they're tapping on but I think that's a pretty good idea. Anyway, here's the pool for me yesterday. 1355 vote. Most people have vastly overestimate their vulnerability to reason, think, learn for themselves. 527. Be funny to 81. Like most of the people are called as show and any radio talk show. Most people are like, like, show. They're when they call the show. Be funny to 81. Drought funny. Drive 245. Make love, 71. Most of the luck I said, most guys think that they're experts in the sack, that they're the greatest swordsmen whoever lived. And of course, they're partners of thinking, ah, do you get an over without writing? Most people have asked me overestimate their vulnerability to speak. In other words, make sounds with their mouth 74. That's MOUF 74. Cook 36. I still think that's, I don't know. Do you really believe that? Yeah. I'm not talking about, I'm married guys. I'm not a regular woman. Yeah. Because guys, the great shifts we discussed this year, they are most right men. But I'm sure that they're women who are expected to be good cooks for not. Right. Those votes there from guys that are married to some bits that things you can cook and you have to choke down the horrible food. And pretend they're all they have to say. They're really, really. Once more, I'm four. And most people, eventually overestimate their vulnerability to a liability, but they've played 21 from the Gregory and School of BS. Only 21. I would have thought that would have done much better. Because there are some people who just make all kinds of crap up. His George knows. And they think they're very believable, but they're not. Don't get started one. Now, I'm a... Try to stay calm. Whatever it is. I don't have any of you. Why are you talking about it? I don't know any of those. I care about the rambling things. Stop. Stop. Okay. Just stop. You're just... Bring it on. You're hard. It IS THAT DOING YOU MAT TO BITT-GLEY Of Words on W That's concerned. I've only think one thing to say to you, man. You're fair. Okay, let's take a look at today's full. There's that a bag should need to have her. It looks like somebody already beat me to it. Like they put her head in a vice, you know, and tighten that thing up real tight. She looks like a bean head. Then she? Yeah, they know. The lawly pop. Then excuse me. Then a bag. She's who the obzo says, Dana badge. I have no A by name, Dana. Remember, Bill Dana? No. What drew you to South Florida's our pull question today? A lot of people are scratching her heads and wondering, how the hell did I get here? Why am I here? Oh God, if there is a God, get me out. 867 vote. I was born here. That's my excuse. 237. Work or business, 140. That was my vote. Work or business, monkey business. I don't live there. Thank God. And doesn't even say thank God. It says thank God. 123. Don't live there. Well, we have a lot of people. Listen, I'm lying elsewhere or whatever. And now that we got that single crank up sitting here is all the way to date Broward line. I think God. That might help. The weather 116 certainly not the people 78. That this kind of like a negative answer. But that's okay. Certainly not to be blind and add anything to this. This is just where it came in from your body. Charlie B. the Pullman. I escaped from Cuba. Haiti. One of those is a place is 43. Marriage 41. A vacation 26. Commitment to a mental institution 13. 13. I'm not sure if that's before or after they arrived. The people 13. Now, see certainly not the people 78 and the people 13. I would the people in South Florida draw anybody there. You'd have to be, oh my goodness. You have to be from entry, I think. A lost bet 11. A prison sentence 10. The beach is 9. Lots of beaches run on Lucine, Ecta. The nightlife. Three. The wildlife. Three. What does that mean? The wildlife like the gators and the possums and the raccoons. That's what they're talking about. I see. And it's conventional or trade show one. Somebody came to a conventional trade show and once upon a time. America, they never got out. Showed over. Some to go home. Yeah. A number of 75 votes already. We just got started here today. It's a really good feather and archive. And Chris is sitting in there. Fat and sassy. Now what's the story on Charlie Hud today? Since they were on location at Dolphins Camp. We've got three. You got nothing. You had nothing? Nothing? I'd like to. There was a question mark at that time. We got nothing. Zonada, zippity doodah. How is it? I'm going to tell you. Doodah, you're crazy. You are really between your tremendous job. I'm going to be there. Park where they got the slots now. And the phenomenal job you're doing on getting these guys servicemen taken care of. All roesioe Donald will leave the view in June. She's got two big of a mouth. She's disgusting. She's as fat as a cow. And everybody. Why they put her ass on their in the first place? See an ingest confirming that rosy. He tells the what that contract was. He's leaving the view in June. Fat shut-ins. Those are the people who watch Oprah and the view. Fat disgusting shut-ins. Who may or may not really cook all that well and quite frankly, they get that fat. You can't really care. Oh god, you're awesome. Stuff cold, huh? Stuffy nose? Get a headache. Well, you can take one of these cold incindists and feel great all day or four of these others because they can wear off every few hours. Hey, oh god. Come on out my nose. Oh, god, look at the size of my nose. Has not only gone kind of. We've got a lot of suns and spills of the star of the screen town. Break down a moon-racking my nose. Although we rather be powerful for you, we keep up to next body of size. Earth was an animal rest on cloud, too. Then what doctor had prescribed? Though you tried not to squeeze and we still you tried. It's challenging time, I guess. You know, said man don't want to. I'm a fortune picking my nose. And thanks for the power and beautiful. You're apparently aren't trying about digging around in your nose. Your body is some folks entirely snoring. I have a honker, but I like it. I think it's best thing. I reckon do you release even my worst allergy symptoms? My congenital, my sneezing, and my sinus pressure. It's not. So grow this grow, so be it, grow. I know what you're doing this spring with flowers, so many of what even souls. My body is composed and thoughty of snoring. Don't seem scared of pop those pills and after two, the dose. And you live only as though you still mean it. All the two survive. And if all you can't hold it, don't say fuck, call it. You know, said, don't laugh, it's like you. You know, we know who's happy and warm. Excuse me, man, but my nose just like you. You know, we're happy and strong. I'll take it your note. That's like a bowl of scum, oh, damn boy. It's summer all season long, but it's time. Yeah, we should know what we've got. I like you can just come over in my life again. It's going to come out. See, I think that's blunt soy through your veins, but it's not. Ten, nineteen and five, sixty, WDQM, it's a Wednesday. It's wood vine Wednesday. All right. Oh, right. I sure look forward to that whole routine. You know, put on my pantaloonies and then my shirt. Let's see. No, first it's the shirt. Then it's the pantaloonies. Really? Then it's the shoes. Yeah. You see, he's out there. Can you mix it up sometimes without freaking out? And then it's out the door, man. Right at two o'clock. Let's take a look at that schedule. By the way, I wouldn't be surprised if our guys are out there with that dolphin camp. Am I right about that? I think you are. Magdog is to dolphin two to four. Power hour would magdog in the hump or between four and five. After dolphin camp, of course, hump or at the dolphin camp five to six thirty. There's no way they could drag his fat ass back to the building that fast. You know, between like you know I'm saying. So they'll all be at most the other. Marlon's on deck. Marlon's got thumped by the abrasive last night. Was it 11 to 7 something like that Chris? 11, six. 11 to something. So you got to correct me. You know, you could say, yeah, that's right. Well, man, you know, you could give me a little slack. No, 11 to six. He's got to correct me. One and a one. Because that's the way fat people are. He's taken out on me, defect that he's fed. That's how they are. I thought they were fat and soon. I just relax. I know we want to get it right. Okay. This is the one show where we try to get it right. Especially the ball score is well, they got the they got the rescue. Marlon's on deck. It's six thirty seven or five. The braves in the Marlon's again. They'll give it a better shot to see if maybe they can win a game because they're pretty mediocre. And then game night with any K after the Marlon game. Now Sean. You know, it's even though he signed that. He's he's definitely crumbling under the pressure because Charlie B has taken his spot. Well, and we needed somebody because Sean with all the respect you've sent us a lot of great polls over the last what is it two three years at least. Or the last little bit. Yes. But the fact that a matter is that Charlie B is just passed you like you were laying down in a prone position and maybe Sean wasn't a prone position because based on what he says here. One of the things he says, which I want with the first program, he says, I hate to live in the past, but Josh is comments a couple of weeks ago about not going to be with a girl who goes to bed on the first date is Kakka. He's talking like a woman. Only women try to analyze or make something bad out of two people going monkey. He says. Flunky like. That's how they go. My girlfriend and I did everything short of her exploratory surgery on her first date. And she's still a. O.P. of a piece of ass 14 years later. I just never heard that term before P.A. of a. kid. And she's still a piece of ass 14 years later. And of course, this is a beautiful thing Sean says, whether it's the original Romeo and Juliet on the feather bed in Verona or two crack addicts in the filthy men's toilet at the bus station. Cut the crack Josh is what Sean says. And I would hardly agree. Any girl at the goes all the way on the first date. Well, that's not for kind of girl. He wants to bring home to mommy. No, that's the kind of girl you ought to keep for yourself. They help with mommy. That's my suggestion. Whatever Josh thinks the girl that he chose is. Oh, yeah, he's entitled to being wrong. Many, many, many, you know, a lot. How I belong. He had to wait for her. It was worth it. I'm sure about five minutes. Well, so another, and what was it the fourth date? He told us the deal of getting. That was a good thing. I don't really pay too much attention. There was it the fourth date I believe. I don't remember. He started to do the old banana bounce. Okay, no Doug Thompson says, I like Doug Thompson. He's really great. He just puts a smile on my face. Because he's got the balls to sit up like it is these. He said the other days got like his own arsenal of weapons. Because he knows they're going to come after him. He says Jessica Lynch walks with a limp from the extensive wounds he received in the early days of the invasion of Iraq. Pat Tom and lies in a grave gunned down by his own comrades in Afghanistan. Both represent the sacrifices that soldiers make in service to their country. Sadly, both also became pawns of a propaganda machine created a cell in illegal and a more warred or a gullible American public. The Pentagon's propaganda machine fabricated Lynch as a petite female rambo holding off the enemy after a vehicle was hit by a rocket. In fact, the attack left her unconscious and unable to fight. Tales of great heroism were being told in Stoldick and rational hearing yesterday. My parents told him, word county west Virginia was under siege of the media. All repeating the story of a little girl rambo from the hills who went down fighting. It was not true. She said. Needle was a story of her rescue video taped by the army at the head of the invasion. The army told a heroine tale of invading an Iraqi compound and liberating her. She was in fact an abandoned medical facility in Iraqi medical staff led soldiers to her no gunfire, no hostilities, just to pick up a prisoner left behind by fleeing forces. I'm still confused as to why they chose to lie and try to make me a legend when the real heroics of my fellow soldiers that they were in fact, legendary. Then said, can like old Neil Rogers, legendary. A whole gram on Neil. The American people didn't need to be told the lab or tales. The truth of war is not always easy to hear, but it's always more heroic than the hype. When it came to hype, the army had already made opportunity with Pat Tillman. The NFL player gave up a multi-million dollar career to join the military during the patriotic Pethos of post-911 America. Good choice, Pat. Not. Tim and along with his brother became an army-rangeer and went to Afghanistan where he died in combat. The army said he died heroically fighting the enemy and awarded the science soldier a silver star. In fact, he died from friendly fire in a scroop of communications that brought his location under attack from other American soldiers and the army tried to cover it up. The army, brother Kevin Tillman, also in Afghanistan, had they concocted intentional falsehoods along with deliberate and careful misrepresentations, in portraying his death as the result of heroic engagement with the enemy. We believe this narrative was intended to deceive the family, but more importantly, the American public tillman said, Pethos was clearly the result of a fractal side, friendly fire. Hey, how you doing, buddy? We're being in that Pethos was a fractal side, would have been yet another political disaster and a multiple political disaster, so the two needed to be suppressed. Reports the associated press. An army-ranger who was with Pat Tillman when the former football star was cut down by a friendly foreign Afghanistan said, Tooth the accompanying officer at Orton and be keep quiet about what had happened. The military at first for a trade tillman's death as the result of heroic comeback with the enemy, army specced as violent or neofilk and congressional hearing that when he got the chance to talk untilman's brother, who had been a neurobore convoy on that faithful day, I was ordered not to tell him what happened. You were ordered not to tell him or he'd represented Henry Waxman or California, Chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Roger that, sir replied, ONeofilk and Breston's Army uniform, Roger that, as a neofilk Roger. Ideally, both physical and mental and mental and mental and mental, would be recognized as heroes of served the country in time war. Instead, it became pawns in a far bigger war, a conflict of lies used to sell and invasion laws for fabricated reasons. In fact, for political reasons that nothing would do with the terrorist attacks in 9-11, or any actual threat to the peace and security of the US, say, Like all soldiers who have died, come home, maimed, or faced a future of hunting nightmares from an insane war, they deserve far better. Says Doug Thompson, you go, Doug, you got a pair of balls like an elephant man. He tells it like it is. Hope he's been able to go with that. That's right, what are these days who will vanish in a thin air? They'll take him to some prison somewhere, and they'll just beat the living snout out of him, just kicking his snout. They're going to water board him. 9-110 votes on the pool by the top of the air, we're going to be closing on a thousand already man. We're dangerous, now that we got the dolphins back, we're dangerous, isn't that what it's all about? Yeah. We're a f***ing! Turn out the lights, Doug Party's over, baby. We had Galilee on the commercial, it was nothing wrong. Hope say, y'all don't know, can't believe she's gay. Ah, the big fan of the double, you and me, yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. It must be your roots. For all of these years you've claimed in the top of the cruise. But believe you must realize we knew it. You're fairer. Honestly, it's not that big a shot. If you were rich, you might be worded to do it. It'd be a cross for both of them. You'd be a diamond home, give up all the life. No, I hope never lay that messy life. God. Oh, McKinnon, how's she's looking at it? You see that she's watching CNN? You know what I'm saying? That he's a crazy person, I guess. That is absolutely sensational. Oh, he's the most experienced candidate, at least in a middle institution anyway. Wow. Isn't that something? Talk about great timing. Okay, when his credibility is in the minus column. 1032 at 560WM, the Neo5D show not from dolphin camp today, and we're very proud of that. We're probably the only show. Are we the only show? I guess Eddie King won't be from dolphin camp. Is it a bit long? Close enough after the emarling game. Only he might just, you know, he might just break in over there. 938 votes on the pool, Chris. We've got to have hard to get very close to 1000 by the top of the hour. Won't that be a real feather in somebody's camp? I already bring me my bacon. There they go. Yes, I'll be right on here. Speaking of eating, yes, my friend and professor. We've got another, you know, all the foods that MSN, a website, the house, whatever the thing is. And then the first one, especially was interesting because those were the ones that the foods that were the worst for you. And everything that's bad for you, that proves that there's a God. See, anything that tastes good and you really want to just munch on all the time. It's got to be bad for you. Nothing that's marginal and it's tasteless. That's the stuff that's good for you. It shows you that if there is a God, he's a real sadistic bastard. No question about that. That's why he created South Florida. But anyway, I got list of six. Superfoods, the next frontier according to MSN. Actually, now one of these looks pretty good. Well, maybe more than one. I do like Kiwi. Don't you like Kiwi? That's what I do very much. I like my fruit. But anyway, WBCs for the pool today says if there was a choice like my parents dragged my ass here, kicking and screaming when I was a little kid. I'd vote for that one. Well, yeah, you wouldn't have to be that's different than I was born here. My parents dragged me here. Let's start that on there. That would be good for another 5,000 votes. My parents dragged my ass here against my better wishes. I was like two years old, my new. Oh, you're not taking me there, are you? You bastards? You lunatics. Little kid. I'm not going to know. I beg your pardon. Little kid. I don't know. Not that they have it to stay in the matter anyway. I'm just saying they don't. But maybe maybe there's some first vacation. Maybe they didn't know when they were two or three or four. But they sure know now. That's what I'm telling. That's the point I'm trying to make without you go pee in on my parade. Okay? Don't be pee in on my parade, Mr. Fuerza. I'll pee on it. Yeah, I bet you would. 942 vote. What drew you the South Florida? By the way, whoever's sending these facts is that are eligible that are all black for the nut. Not my any-herald stop. Yeah, stop. Stop. That's why I'm going to the bunch of eligible crap from the hero. The herald is crap to begin with. And you're sending what is it about? Can you even be safer with the subo? No, just black, blah blah blah blah blah. It's a dark. It's all inkey black. Wouldn't it be a good sign for me to be there? Of course, somebody else sharpened and make a racial thing out of it. There's no question about it. Why? I've got to be black. Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Oh, God. Just remember that. The weather, 120 seats. Oh, the weather is wonderful. Especially from like about in two weeks, till the end of January, 145 degrees every day and 600 degrees, 600 per percent humidity. Oh, yeah. And the big skiers, like bowling balls, those things, the weather, 1206 and the hurricane. Certainly not the people 88. Now that's a very negative trade response. And rightfully so for a poll like this, certainly not the people 88. Oh, the people. I escaped from Cuba, Haiti, whatever, 47, marriage 43, a vacation 27. It came to Florida and vacation. They said, oh, this is paradise, native side of the door. Okay, it's paradise. Yeah, my ass. If that's paradise, that would be in hell. Commitment to a mental institution 14, the people 14. So not the people 88 and the people 14. And whoever moved to South Florida because of the people, I hate to even imagine where you came from. Good for God. Yeah. Can you even imagine where? Outer Mongolia, where the people were, maybe here on Goli and idiots. A lost bet 12, the beaches 12. The lovely beaches, man. A prison sentence, a lot of them, there's beautiful beaches in a lie by the way. And there are much nicer people there. And it's a custom armoured leg to live there. And it takes forever to get there from just about anywhere. But I got to go back there someday. I don't know. You know what the problem is with that? What? Is the travel time. It just takes forever. Takes like 11 or 12 hours to get through. You have to connect on a West Coast and you have to find other six hours out in the middle of the Pacific. But boy, you talk about paradise. What a wonderful place that is. With really beautiful beaches. And the Pacific encourses nice and warm and clear and clean. Unlike the Atlantic, which is like, oh, God. They're like bodies floating around in their crap. Anyway, the beaches 12, a prison sentence 11. My parents dragged me here. He's already got eight. We just put it on there. It's already got eight. I'd be like that. It would be like bringing in lunch from childhood. He got eight. Maybe that's what happened. Maybe buffet. You're lunch. He's entitled. No, he's not entitled. He brings the suitman in here. He's hot man. He's really, he has really let us down lately. Next time he comes in there and give him a tongue wash. And he probably enjoyed. Wouldn't be the first time he's up in his case. The nightlife three, oh, the nightlife. Wow. On South Beach, you know, those four blocks. Wally, if people were to heavy jewelry, all those fags are running around. The wildlife three and a convention or trade show. The same one at a 1962. We're approaching that thousand mark already. You can just feel it and smell it. Poor Joe Fimer. He's probably sitting on a bench somewhere with all his money. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, we are launching a new one. America everything's got to be politically direct we have to like tiptoe on eight shells baby tip-throw tip-throw to the tulips for however the hell that goes I know I got it in here you learn sexual yeah through Aaron sexual she was about as sexy as the football outside of that black is black you would have to come up with that and you are just relentless and up not gonna get the year black is by u my pa ai You know that I'm gonna take a first. We only see a step on the step on. Low, low, low. Who is it? Oh, it's probably sorry. Low, low, low, low, low. So it's a labius. That's somebody else. You better watch your language on the show, sir. I'm telling you, you between the black and black and then that labius stuff you're starting in with that's really trading on very, very dangerous territory, so to speak. Very dangerous territory if you catch my drift. 959 coach on the pool, but we are really kicking some serious ass. We got the dolphins back on the station. We're getting rid of that morning. I mean, 20 me four, low, I can't believe you say that. Put in the nails in their own coffin this morning. Put in guilty on there. Well, what's that all about? They have some kind of fascination with him. They want to do something easy. They're no eternity. I thought you knew about everything. Yeah, I knew for eternity my ass. That sure'd be very popular. 20 me four, 11 at five, 60, WQAN. 20 me three times. You're out of control. 10 jai is finally out. If you went too far and now look far. Thank God, so jai is history. 10 jai is finally out. My ears would break when he would sing. Now he's an businessman's array. I hate him when he would talk to me. He's the boy of like man's father. I'm talking through. In blue, it's true. So stand jai is finally out. Pack his bags and his blue bags. Four more things will end up out of town. 10 jai is finally out. He went too far and now look far. Thank God, so jai is off the show. 10 jai is finally out. His wiki voice, give us no choice. We have the Memphis to this note. He sounds like a word in the frid out. The schmuck now goes to work. Yes, I'm a piece through. He's a piece through. 10 jai is finally out. Pack your jai and go to hell. 10 jai is finally out. Pack your jai and go to hell. 10 jai is finally out. 10 jai is finally out. He went too far and now look far. 10 jai is off the show. 10 jai is finally out. It was a blue, that little crew. How he survived just playing ball. From the Pacific Northwestering Church, and David gets the five. He's finally to rescue him. He's the least proof of standing jai as finally out. He's talentless. This is justice. 10 jai is finally out. Their show. 10 jai is finally out. Hello. Hello. Yes. Up here in the mountains. The Chepay cocktail. Let's go. We're in this. Well, Sampra's going to sweep the ice up with the Rangers. Four straight. No. No sweat. Over there they play last night. I don't know. I'm not paying that much attention. I don't think they're running games last night. I'm believe so. So anyway, I must be psychic. And this is a story. Nobody cares about the only reason I'm using this is because I saw him on my TV. Two Sunday morning when I was down there. Michael Putney, I always called him Michael Putney, you know, because he's a suitable intellectual. He's a good guy, but he's boring. Oh, God. Like maybe Dave Van Boeren's a good guy, but he is so van Boeren. But not nearly as boring as Michael Putney. So anyhow, you know, Sunday morning what's on TV? Nothing. And I'm channel surfing and whatever I was watching, I'm channel 10 and 11. Kids to be a lot of 30. And there's that Michael Putney show again. And I thought he's still on the year. Holy cow rat man. A guy that boring is still on the year. Well, I hit that so much few of his service time. What do they call that? Physician entrepreneur Philip for you know Michael Putney? Not personally. But you know who he is. Well, that's why I worked with him in the story. Because everybody knows Michael Putney. They know how boring he is. Physician entrepreneur Philip Frost is selected better than 90 journalists. Michael Putney, the service media and marketing consultant for Layton Bergthalman Financial Services, the investment bank of which he is chairman. That's Philip Frost's chairman. In a press release this morning, company stated that Putney will continue his full time position. Oh, no. As senior political reporter at WPLG Channel 10, which worked since 1989, I also continued to write an op-ed column on politics for the incredibly boring Miami-Herald. And a prepared statement from a said Michael Putney unique perspective, unique is the word an extensive media expertise to Layton Berg. And it will be a valuable asset as we ramp up our communications efforts with the financial media and our shareholders. Nice going, Michael. Whatever you know, I'm all for the talent. Although he don't have much, I'm all for those guys. Get all the cash you can. Just like me, cash you if you can. I wasn't that today Clark five. Can't you if you can't, can't you? So can you? Can't you? Can't you if you can? A bigger person? Dave Clark five. Well, if you don't have that, of course I have it. Squad, you had Barbara and catch us. Catch us if you can. Catch us if you can. Well, that's enough. That's not very much. But very short short shong. We are the only one. That's just a whole thing. I think that's good for them. They were good at Dave Clark five. Not really. As one, the better British invasion groups. There was the searchers in Dave Clark five. And Herman's Verman and that crown. Well, I haven't even never remember that. He was killed or Melville, and Sirman. What was it? Herman Melville. Come on. Yeah. Herman Melville and Moby Dick. No, that wasn't his name. Here's the facts today. And of course this is our crowd. Uncle Neer, I can't believe you haven't seen Vorad yet. I saw parts of it and George sent me the initial copy that had like subtitles and you was laughing. There was a. Now, wasn't it? It's been in Spanish. I could deal with this fan. Sugar, I pick it up on him on. About 10 words. Like, uh, like, great. That's one of them. It's just come on. Palli. Get with the program and watch it already. One of the funniest movies ever made. I guarantee you'll pee your checkered pants. A book of riot. I got a word checkered pants. And even if I did, I wouldn't be sitting in living room wearing pants while I'm watching a movie. I figured for him. Get Boker Brian was a doubting Thomas also. And he watched it and was glad he did. Did he pee in his checkered pants? I think he does that anyway. Whether it's Rob Marcia and I want you to see him pee in the house. If you're like to see him pee in his pants right there on wherever he is. Oh, he's in the, uh, and all means Massachusetts, where they just had a big no Easterman, Peter noon. Peter noon, it was a Herman from Herman's room. Thank you. Welcome to Brian and Peter be Herman. You know, I don't understand that. That was a joke. I don't know. See Anna looks very, he looks good there from a distance. He always looks good from a distance. You give a little closer. Like, I don't know. I check him out. Anyway, so our close first old friend Ricky turned me on to a movie called Better Luck Tomorrow. And I hope it, you know, and I bought it last night thinking I'm going to woodwind today. See the way that works, better luck tomorrow. Man, is this guy clever or what? No, no. Better luck tomorrow. So, Jampon is moving. You're all, maybe I'll send it to you when I'm done with it. Okay. I'll take it. Or maybe I'll just have Amazon or all. Or all. Yeah. If it's good. There you go. You're what? If it's good, I'll steal it. All send it to you is what I'm saying. Not the one that I got. You'll get up if it's good. Because according to Ricky, it's really interesting. But there are tomorrow, it's a Japanese movie and Yadiyada and something. How we end guess what? You are going to be even you will be shocked. A thousand and eighteen post. It's not even eleven and nine and close to eleven o'clock. It's ten fifty two. Wow. Which means it's probably about like twelve thirty in the maritime. What kind of a country has got a time zone? It's an hour and a half ahead of the, I don't know, bastards. You pick it on the connox again. Why not? You better cut the crap. Because when you come to the border, desperate begging, begging to be let out of that hellhole you're in right now. Oh can I please come to Canada? No. Can't do it. I got that's refugee routine down. Yeah, that's true. You've got a lot of expertise. Thousand and twenty one votes already. This article here, it says, I think I might know the reason that Carl Rovedon won Cheryl Crow touching him. This is by Lynn Davidson on what is this from? I don't know. He's read her blog. He knows where her hand has been. What is it with these environmentalist and scatology? First there was the year without toilet paper in the New York Times. And now this, use that friendly pop rock or Cheryl Crow. And an inconvenient truth producer and private jet of a sea and not a lowly David. I run across country college speaking tour to promote the idea of anthropogenic global warming. Crow is blogging her experiences at the Huffington Post in this time. She really came up with a doozy. You know, that's the first time my life ever saw that word in print. And I never thought it was spelled out. I always thought it was like DOOZY when you spelled that way. That's exactly how it was spelled it. I think I have spelled with a capital D, DOE, ESEY, A doozy. ESEY doozy is in duty bag. Maybe that's a name. Maybe there was going to be a fun bag show or something. Never see a doozy bag? No. Apparently Crow wants to save the earth one toilet paper square at a time. Oh, she ought to be talking to the Russians not to us. She proposed a limitation to be put on how many squares of toilet paper can be used in anyone's sitting. That's S-I-T-T-I-N-G and anyone's sitting. And for us just washing that one square out. Washing it out, ah, geez. Yeah, baby. She's a crazy person. She hasn't seen the one to pass a law. Just culturally we register to obedience. Here's her easy way to be part of the solution to anthropogenic global warming. Although my ideas in the earliest stages of development, they are my mind. Worth investigating. One of my favorites is the area forest conservation, which we heavily rely on for oxygen. I propose that when the taste of being put on how many squares of toilet paper can be used in anyone's sitting. She says, now I don't want any. I don't want to rob any law-biting American visitor or her God-given rights. But I think we're in an industrialist enough people that we can make it work with only one square per restaurant and vision, except of course on those pesky occasions where two to three could be required. Oh, this is a crazy person. When presenting this idea to my younger brother, who's just been addressed implicitly, he'd propose to take in one step further. I believe his quote was, how about just washing that one square out? Yeah, wash it out and use it again and again and again and again and again. It's the quicker picker upper. I'd like to say she was kidding, sizzling Davidson, but based on other global warming solutions it's hard to tell. Wacky ideas abound. A man made volcano shooting sufferin' the air, giant space umbrellas, and even getting rid of toilets so we can compost our own waste in the box. Underneath the sink. All I can, later. From a makers of many, 91 and Supernanny comes a Hollywood twist on this show entitled Celebrity, Join us in Episode One as we bring in Alex Baldwin. That's exactly what he's going to do to this Supern couple's little girl with his somewhat controversial manion style of calling the child names. You are a woofer, but little piggies. Watch, as Alex plays forward games with a little girl, then acts like a really sore loser when she wins all the time. You made me feel like sh**. And you made me feel like a fool. All I know is this, and all of the great again. Alex takes losing board games very personally. You have a self-since for the last time. As he then refuses to play anymore. I'm tired of playing this f**k game with you. Alex tells the girl that he would play other games with her, except there's just one middle problem. You don't have to play with a decent thing. As a human being. He's yelling at a child like this in appropriate. Alex sure doesn't think so. You're 12 years old, or 11 years old, or that you're a child. It's the most interesting style of manning ever. I'm really making sure you get what a world will take you really are. Join. Alex Baldwin has our very first ever celebrity manning. I made it again. Of myself. Yes. Yes you have. Right, though. It's 11.02 at 5.60WQ. You know where your children are right now. We were talking before the show today, but idiots about a whole parents. See anybody biologically. I mean, doesn't take any great talent to make a baby as you know. Right. Even intentionally. Some time I've never liked to happen by accident. That's right. And even by accident. But anyway, you know, these people like in the supermarket to rip the airport like we was talking yesterday, then had their little kids. And like that little kid that they had all over the news, which I didn't even see that story till you pointed out to me this morning at 4-year-old kid. He's standing down there in a side was that football game all alone. Supposedly the father was down there. He was like up by the 30 yard line and he was down by the end zone. We're undernawared. Just wandering around like what am I doing here like a lost step-to-home. All of a sudden, you know, here comes the, the, well, whoever it is, was the receiver makes the catch and they goes zooming off the feeling about a being. He goes blowing in this little kid, you know. That kid gets all bloody and all this other stuff. And just like these people at the airport. You look around 50 yards ahead, 50 yards behind. Anybody belong to this kid. And a kid is running around opening up security doors and alarms are going off and all kinds of crap. And it's just, it's America for you, man. It's the world. It's not just America. It's the world. Sing with the Europeans. We were Hitchcock. Now can you tell me where that is? It must be up in the Panhandler somewhere up in, I thought you were talking about somewhere in the Ukraine or something. No, and Florida baby. We were Hitchcock. Can you tell by the Hitchcock part? Okay. It's like, like, oh, low. Oh, the choppy. And I know you don't say it that way. Oh, I don't know. I don't say it. That's how I say it. But you've seen it in print though. Yes. Old choppy. We were Hitchcock. An owner of an exotic animal farmer's dime after being kicked and then sat on by a camel. Oh, no. I hate when that happens. Kathy Ake. And I think he did. And the four-year-old camel were being filmed by a local TV station on Sunday. Oh, they got a TV station. We were Hitchcock. I don't think like that. When the camel kicked her and then sat down during a break in filming, the station was doing a story on many acres of exotic animals. The 15 acre farm ached on with her husband. That's probably like that place in dual. Remember the movie dual? Was it with the, what's his name? Dennis Weaver. Right. And remember there was a place where the, Or the woman had all the snakes and stuff? Yeah. There were a lot of places like that in Florida. Taurus, crappy kind of places. Kathy Ake's husband, Johnny Ake, city would find a new home for pull all the camel. The news here all the Panama City reported Tuesday. Panama City where they had those beautiful, crystal wide, beaches all man and all those Christian teenagers are screwing their brains out and having a wonderful time. He believes the 1800 Pond Animal was agitated by mating season. See there you go. I totally, if it's near Panama City, there's it's always mating season. The couple bought the camel of an option three weeks ago and kept him in a 50 foot by 80 foot pan. My wife did a lot of rescue, Johnny Ake said she would let animals suffer. We might not have food in the house, but she made sure they had something to eat. That's right, feed your camel before you feed your kids. A reporter called 911, when Ake fell under the camel to be honest with it. I don't think there's much he could have done. So Gulf County Sheriff, Dalton, Upchurch, Upchuck, a deputy in Permanice moved the camel, recovered Kathy Ake's body. How much he ate all over? That's Ake, E by the way. Ake, breaky heart or... Donny Ake said he believes his wife he'd be suffocated or was crushed by the animal. We will be ached, started the exotic animal farm nearly 10 years ago. Well, in Wewa, Hitchka. So that's up there and not really the pan handle, but it's pretty close to it. That's where that big curve starts coming along the Gulf, you know? When you go past two eggs in Panama City, Ever been through two eggs, it's one stoplight. You know, I might have and just not noticed. I'm sure I have. It's a stoplight on the way to the world. That's kind of like one potato two and three potato four. What happened to all the great restaurants, man? It's so many great restaurants. It's really depressing when you're trying to make choices. You know, when finding new and exciting places in South Florida eat, it's just, uh, what happened to all of them? I don't know. I mean, I was told that the Houston's in Fort Lauderdale. I know there's other Houston's, but when that one vanished, that depressed, the living's not out of me. Talking about snar. I just, that's, that's very depressing. Isn't it? We didn't show like Houston's. I like Houston's. Just finding it. They're still around. They're just not, just not that one. Right. WKOM. Hello. You know, I already this one. Great. Excellent. I've got a little bit of a report. I don't know really how to say, but a 95 between, a part in commercial. There's a billboard of Joe Rose and Levittard. Yeah. The last two, yeah. And for some reason, the, uh, pigeons have chosen. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. This was the right town for that. How many times have we tried to explain to these people? It's part of the billboard. How many times have we, how many million times? It's 30 million times. 30 million times. It's not. It's not. They sound like they're actually there being. Yeah. Well, it sounded like. A lot of people sound rational and they're really nuts. I think the word you're looking for is dumb. D.U.M.M. Dumb. The, after a series of delays represented Dennis, because Senate sure will hire candidate for president in 2008 with a really bad hairpiece. And, on to series of charges against vice president, Dictane, and Washington D.C. late in the day yesterday, who sent into the legs of the vice president, committed a series of impeachable offenses. And he is therefore introducing articles and impeachment against Cheney and the Congress today. All right. You go, Dennis. You goofy little, uh, so he's, he's great, but he's just a look. Scoofy, you know. He's about two feet tall and he's got a bad hairpiece. Nobody takes him seriously. The Senate started off by reading the opening words of the Declaration of Independence arguing they were instructive at this moment. Whenever any government official becomes destructive of the founding purposes, that official must be held accountable. He be saying. The Ohio Democrats move intended to provide a defense of the rights of American people to have a government that is honest and peaceful, whose sentence is scoryated. I love that word. He has scoryated device president who we called a driving force for taking us at a war against Iraq under false pretenses. And his once again rattling sabers of war against the Iran, with the same intent to drive a American to war again based on false pretenses. War against the Iran. How do you like that? And I hit the wrong button there like. I mean, nice recovery there, uh, a grand end. Thank you. The Ohio Congressman who's running for president for the second time, noted three charges and articles of impeachment. We're submitted as House Resolution 333, which of course is half of. What, I always told you, Cheney was the anti-Christ of the night. Oh, the ass is a evil. He's got the fat asses of evil. That's right. The first concern manipulation of intelligence about Iraq's threat to the US, the second concern manipulation of intelligence on the Iraq al-Qaeda relationship, and the last concern what he called having openly threatened aggression against the Republic of Iran as fast as I can. In Cheney's case, they didn't too fast with a fat ass like he's got on a bad heart. Because Senate claimed the charges were deeply researched in the press conference, and insisted that his accusations were not just a political stomp. This is not brought forth lightly. He said, I've carefully weighed the options available to members of Congress. I found this path the path that is most important to take, he be saying. Because Senate's dime is a question about whether or not he had the support of fellow members of Congress. Cleaned the articles were just now being examined by Congress members, and you can't expect anyone to make a snack judgment. Take at least 20 seconds and then say, yeah, what would you, baby? He also said he was only introducing the resolution, not going to try to persuade members of Congress to join him. I'm not promoting you to a wolf blitzkrieg on CNN situation room. The former Cleveland mayor further ignores in the press conference that he hadn't recently spoken with Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi on the matter. Pelosi had said, last year, that impeachment was off the table. That's the square table. Nancy doesn't know we got the round table back. We dumped the square table. Just like we're going to dump that show. I'm sorry. They're going to, don't say we, they don't you think they're going to probably get rid of that abortion? I mean, what? And then we're going to let your left. In a conference call today, the Speaker went further telling roster that President Bush wasn't worth it, because impeachment proceedings would be a distraction from passing Democratic policies that would ensure the party's future political victory. We will do more work to make for our own reelection to maintain Democratic Congress and have a Democratic presidency said, or she, meaning Nancy Pelosi that face. And frankly, for impeachment, George W. Bush is just not worth it. We have great work to do for the American people. What a bitch. What a sow man. What a nasty sow. He also acknowledged that he had not written well, meaning concerns again. That he hadn't yet discussed it charges with Republican John Conner's of Michigan Chairman of the House of his Year Committee. Who's going to be musk consider whether or not to forward the articles to Congress? A reporter asked a sentence while the vice president should be impeached and not present in Bush. There's a very practical reason each and every charge relates to vice president, Chinese conduct or misconduct as he's embelling added. It's important that we start with Mr. Cheney because if we started with the president, Mr. Cheney would then become president. Good thing in this a little reasoning there, huh? He also noted we have to go through the constitutional agony of impeaching two presidents consecutively. We did that. That's a good point. You have to impeach Bush first and impeach Cheney and impeach here. This peachy peachy. Yeah, I just keep doing it. Let's get some of those keywees. I'm going to do that thing on those really super foods that are really good for you. Now let's see, key for. I've heard a key for several. Yeah, and key for. And what is this one? With the berries? What is that? I'll find it just a moment. Oh, pomegranates. That's right. That's what we say. Come on in my house. Ma, that's about Rosemary Clooney. We're she said something about pomegranates. Keywees. Broly, which my favorite super to world is mushroom barley. Oh, God, I would kill for nice bull that right now. Who could I kill for a bull of cranberries? Which nobody don't like cranberries? Oh, like I said. You know, like cranberries sauce. Yeah, so good. Pull the sauce. Broccoli sprouts. Oh, God. I like broccoli just fine. I don't even know. I don't know what broccoli sprouts are or where you get them. Yeah, we're going to go look. In between plunges it would mind. I'm going to go out and heal in the woods and try to find me some broccoli sprouts. God. Thinking is the lowest form of communicate. You guys, you say like a train going off the rails. It's embarrassing. I've been singing out of tune and they suck. Torture ears on the stage. We have found the worst thing out in the world. Every night I was song gets a hammer. And more out free. I think it's beyond kind, but you have one of the worst thing in voice. Now the second tune from Nashville and all the viewers are ready to start crying. Be careful. It just looks terrible, dude. I got some American style to say. I can't know what style. I think I've seen something a little bit more up here. I think I've seen that far ears. And try to stay in American Idol. In a two-step dance and down country. Whatever. Making me to the down country. That's not the sand I have lived. That's not the sand. Well, something is underless moves. That's not a little country. This sucks hard. The shark is Joe. What kind of music do you use? We have a lot of cards. We got country and Western. That's the last of the group. We got country and Western. From the down country. That's now here. Like that. Man, this is an exciting day for me. Not only am I going to go to woodbind a day. And when just millions or maybe 50 bucks. But my close personal friend. By the way, thanks, just go. Now, you know, just go to the, do you know, does this go like I know, does this go? Not like you know, does this go? He writes and posts. Does he ever read? He does. He does. He's a great guy. So far. Well, what does that mean so far? That's so far. So good. He's a good man. He's a good boy. He's a good buddy. But anyway, he's got a friend named Varage VIR AJ and I really think he's from India. They're good guests. How do you guess that? So anyway, I have noticed this. Well, you know, me and I'm not different from you. If you saw some hot chicken, somebody's a page. You said, oh, who's that? By the way, is this go? Who's that chicken? You do that right? When you? Yes. And so with Chris, although he wouldn't admit it. Huh? Yeah. No, that's supposed to be, huh? Like that. So anyway, I had noticed that Varage I know. I'm joking for less couple weeks back and forth. My close personal buddy's disco is a great guy by the way. And a great dog lover. See, that's the only reason he likes me. He knows, yeah, the show is okay. But the dog loving thing he loves that. So anyway, I guess he put it in a good word for me. And so I jokingly last night sent a friend request to Varage. Because he had his profile said to private. And he's accepted me as a friend. I don't ever do that. The only other time I ever did that was with soccer mark. Remember from you and F? Okay. Yeah, remember that. Chris, Chris remember, is it because it was pretty embarrassing when a big celebrity like me is sending somebody a friend request that that's bad. That is so tacky, man. Because it's your hormones taken over. And the audience is thinking, well, you know, Varage is 22. He's up there. He's from Miami. But he's a student that gains a vote up there a UF or a few or whatever. And he'll just once look at those pictures. Yeah, that's true. And he seemed lucky with guy. And I do want to look at the pictures. So real, some of those Indian people may. I could tell you stories from here, but I better not. Because I want to continue for another 20 years. Wow, some of those Indian people see that. That's one thing. I don't know. Maybe I'm wrong about that. But don't you think that most Americans, America being as perky or as it tends to be especially in South Florida, we're nobody gets more than 10 blocks from home very often. And they think that people like from India, Pakistan, Middle East, like Palestinians, they think those people are like, oh, Yucky, you know what I mean? I guess. Yeah, see I am right. Yeah. And that's not true at all. I mean, there are 20 of Americans who are Yucky, you know? Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha. So I mentioned our goal is 1300 on the pool. Our goal goal, we got 1092 right now. I just picked a number every day in January we get there. Because the audience cooperates just fabulously. In fact, let me click that view current thing again. Currents by the way, we're talking about before the show. And I got another one, I get a point. And George got a right. That's right. You're the one who came up with it. We're both saying little bit berries in it. Right. Professor, send me all this stuff. And I saw the picture of those, what are those again? I keep for a public. Granits. Well, I guess that's when you kind of open. It's got all the little red berries in it. Well, but they're different. Yeah, the public. I don't even know what to call them. Those are seeds with the pulp around the outside. Ooh, looks nasty to me. It looks like something from outer space. Very good. You've had them all over the world. It's a lie. I've had pomegranates. I don't think so. They're good. They're different. They're good. They're good for you. I'll get to this list here in a second of all these things. And the audience is going to go, ah, fat. I don't want to be nasty to them. Yeah, you do. So anyway, thank you for watching. Thank you, Zisco, for allowing me to enter your world. And believe me, I'm not going to bug him. I'm not going to send many emails except like that. I'm going to just a big, a big long distance kiss after the gains go or down there. Where would it? Is there anything wrong with that? Not at all. I'm just a friendly old guy. That's all. He's a sucker for what? Pretty fake. We chat and touch them. I'd like to be chat and touch for Raj. Although I don't want him to hear that, he's not listening. I just, I don't know. I felt very uncomfortable doing that. I felt like a dirty old man. But then again, I am a dirty old man. So what would be wrong with doing that? Right? Right. I'm a dirty old fag. So what would I do when they're for like I'm going to meet for Raj any time. I'm soon in Ray time in my lifetime and have my way with him or like, you know, give a big hug and a squeeze and then goose and or some. That's not going to happen. Damn it. And just go sit in the amazes. He said he's a very shy fellow, which for 24 year old guys, it's going to be a very a staggy line with a shy fellow. Would you call somebody a shy fellow? Or a shy guy? Make a, you know, make a lar for something. Hey, well he did. It was very amusing moment. He's a shy fellow. Yeah. And I go back. I said I could unshi him and about five minutes. But just I don't want to keep licking and all these ramblings and writing. So it makes me seem like a real little pervert. And that's bad. Even though it's very true. And I'm proud of it. Wait till you hear this speaking and perverted things. Nice of Carvelle ice cream founder once body exhumed a check for foul play. Boy, he's been dead a long time. Hasn't he? Yeah, he played the 17th time Carvelle. What's wrong with you, man? Just because the ice cream is kosher, you don't have to be anti-Somantic. I can say cookie plus. God, what is wrong with you? Even though I don't like Carvelle ice cream at all. It's not to me. It's not ice cream. It's like mush. But why don't mind their flying saucers a little bit. Never have the Carvelle flying. I'm sure you have. I like cookie plus. Almost, almost 18 years after the death of ice cream magnet, Thomas Carvelle. It's not magnet. Magnet. His niece wants Carvelle's body to be exhumed from a New York cemetery. Look into suspicions. He may have been murdered. Woo. Panel of Carvelle 58 are fraud and best to get a who lives in Broward County. Files suit and for a lot of their federal court last week, seeking a court order for the effubation. Last Friday, but the sun sent us just getting around to writing about it today. They're a little slow. In the court filing, a convoluted account of betrayal and greed, she accuses two former Carvelle corporate employees and abesling millions from the family and possibly killing Tom Carvelle to cover up the theft. Oh, that would be bad. Remember he used to do the commercials. Remember that? No. I'm Tom Carvelle. The next time. The exclamation request comes after years of bitter feuding between the Carvelle family and the lawyers and bankers controlling Thomas Carvelle's estate. Once batted about $200 million, I'll take it. Panel of Carvelle who is not represented by an attorney wrote the complaint herself. When any of her claims can easily be substantiated. And interview Carvelle said he knows his suspicions may sound over the top. The bottom line she said is that circumstances surrounding the locals' death just don't add up. Whatever the autopsy results are is fine with me. I just like to have it all put to bed she said. At the time of his death, Thomas Carvelle lived with his wife Agnes and Palm Beach County. He died October 21, 1990, at age 84 in the couple's second home in Dutchysk County, New York. Started at state of Custard. That was a heart attack. The problem that complained that Dr. Who's name appeared on Thomas Carvelle's death certificate later said he couldn't recall signing an Alexander the Body. Dr. Joshua Perper, the guy with the goofy head, Broward County's medical examiner said an autopsy might shed light on the cause of death. Even after 18 years if there was good in bombing, the Body would probably be well preserved said Perper was not connected with the case. On the other hand, he said in bombing through it might make it impossible to determine if there was a poison or a stuff. Carvelle is fortunate to be a charitable foundation Agnes for Carvelle was to receive income from the foundation until she died. Pamela Carvelle said her aunt who died, 98 never received up penny. The couple had no children. She never got a dime. She couldn't even afford to go to Carvelle and buy some and have to chucky monkey with a spunky. Carvelle said surviving relatives have a little bit of the infanentially returns to our Thomas Carvelle was slain because they were not significant beneficiaries of Carvelle's estate. Always check that will man, check it twice to make sure who's being naughty and nice. And now I hit on dancing with the stars the first contestant to compete with an autofresher limb. She's had the mills as great to welcome her to Larry King Lyle. Oh, thanks very much. It's gonna soon cause black-lick Ohio, hello. Heather, what do you want to say to all those people who call you a gold digger? Well that's true. It is? Yeah. Wait a minute. Forget the good wife and mother. Well, you married Paul McCartney just for the money. Oh yeah. For money. And then I said you didn't marry for any other reasons. Pam's city florida, hello. Hi. Heather, I didn't catch dancing with the stars this week. Did I miss anything? Um yes. My legs went fly enough. Oh no. Yeah. I totally haven't. During the competition. Yeah. Maybe his star at the moment. I think it's funny. It goes all very easily. It goes all very easily. Let's look at that big moment and the reaction. Watch. And back. Five. Five. Five. Two. Three. Four. And you turn. Wow. Yeah. And how did you overcome it? Hoping after it trying to pick it up. She's had the most only interest in money. Yes. Yes. Oh, there's fat Rosie. She's living the viewing june. Thank God. Who cares? And but you agree with a lot of what Rosie says. You know, that's like the bill Marathon. You know, since. Because we agree with what somebody's supposed to automatically like. Oh. Five. You're any more about bill Mar. I'm going to just vomit. I hear any more about if I have to see Rosie again. I'm passing on lunch. I'm passing gas real bad. Can you imagine when she farts? Oh my God. I was out elevators. Oh, I'm building. When Rosie will die, we'll cut the cheese baby. People for blocks around go screaming. Anyway. Speaking of passing a lot of gas, I've got to make some of these foods that NSA health centers says a good for you. You'd be farting up a storm. But what's wrong with that? Nothing. Give you some distance anyway. I'll give you a little bit of breathing room. Keeper. I don't. I've never heard that. I know what I mean. Keeper. I mean. Keeper. Yeah. I'm going to say that. Keeper. Keeper is cultured milk. It says this culture milk drink stacks up in calcium. One eight ounce serving contains 30%. I'm third man. The recommended daily intake contains more beneficial bacteria than yogurt. Oh man. It's got all the little things swimming around it. Kind of like sperm. It may also reduce food allergies. Baby mice fed key for at a three-fold reduction in the amount of antibody linked to food allergies. Say we search as an agriculture university. Why the hell would you buy key for like an health food store? I reckon whole foods market might have something like that. There may also battle breast cancer women eight fifty-node who consumed from it in no products had a lower risk than those of eight little or none. And they also avoid triggering lactose intolerance, which you claim that I've got. I had another pint. I just can't say it on. It's just so embarrassing. Another pint of hog and does rocky road yesterday. And you know what? What? It was good. Okay. Oh man. Keeper contains lactase. The enzyme that people would like to as intolerance are missing. Say we search at Ohio State and the taste like plain yogurt just a little thinner. So maybe you want to chop up some fruit and stuff and put them in there. You know? That's what people do with yogurt. All the others do with people get yogurt because they think it's good for it. And they get to yogurt with the trout and the fruit on the bottom and all the sugar in there and it's got 80 million carbs and stuff. I mean, what's the point of that? That would be like eating a bunch of plain yogurt and then following with like a banana split. Yeah. Do I do admit that I had a banana split in Amsterdam and the Marquis? Well, why have I already said you like a pig while you're there? I wasn't a real banana split though. It's just like one slice banana on a plate with like three small pieces of vanilla ice cream and like a little fudge sauce smeared around the edges. Yeah. That's me's not a banana split. Do you want to go to Jackson's ice cream parlour in Dina? That's where you get a real banana split like the old fashioned kind man. Hmm. Why did you get me started with ice cream again? That's just me and the bass were a bastard. That's wrong. Because you didn't really broke real sourding. Yeah. That money out of my head. Hmm. Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. Ha ha. I just change my mind. I'm leaving it all to Verad. Whatever I got beautiful. He's a good guy. I think. I don't know. I do who he is. He looks good. I'll say that. And he sure got to write that into a man. He approved my ass. And I guess from what your friends disco tells me he listen to my show when he's in my year right now. And that's sweet. That's sweet. And it says on his profile there he's twenty two. He's single and straight. Gee, I'm so tired of that. But anyway, here's the poll. What drew you to South Florida? I was born here. That's my excuse. And even three hundred. Three hundred people were born in South Florida. Oh, look at that. There's that fire and weight cross. Joja again on CNN. Weight cross. Joja. Man, that's a real rednecky place. You know what? What? Where do we know weight cross from? Whatever happened there. Some people. Maybe that's where Hollis and Billy Reager were born and weight cross. Oh, Joja. Oh, a couple of harness drivers. Anytime I say somebody you have no idea who they are. They're harness drivers. Trust me. Like he said a lot of names. I don't know. Like Elmer Conrad, for example. And Charles Conrad. And well, let's, I don't want to get started there. Because I'll go on forever. You don't know your harness racing name. You want to horse that raced against owner to mine. Remember that guy? He was hysterical. He was typical. What's wrong with all the permute tools? The average of ten D is like death plus forty. What drew you to South Florida? I was born here. That's my excuse three hundred and two now. See? How many we got? I will make that thirteen easy Chris. I would even, I wouldn't even worry about it if I were you. Okay. I worry about how come Duffton get you know, Charles out today. In fact, next time he comes in there, I'd be to crap out of him. I just kick him right in the groin. Say, how do you like this, Duff? Here's something for you. He might enjoy it though. Work or business, hundred and seventy six keeps them in South Florida. I don't live there. Thank God. Thank God. Oh, 151. The weather, 139. They like hurricanes, I guess. And then the aftermath of them. Certainly not the people, 102. Not the people. You might think it's the people, but it's not. I escaped from Cuba, Haiti, etc. 51 and look where I wound up. I'm swimming back as a matter of fact. Marriage 48, my parents dragged me here. Look at how that's moved up there. Thank you so many, many much, WB for suggesting that 42 people already. It's moved up the ladder. It's a mid-pack. They're packing it. A vacation 27. They came on vacation and they just couldn't leave. They thought they discovered paradise. And others stuck there and they just hated like poison. Commitment to a mental institution 21. The beaches 15. The people 14. These people. Ooh. A person sentenced 13. The last bet. A dozen. The nightlife three. What does that have to move the tick? Nor has the wildlife three. I mean, who moved somewhere because they got like a lot of wildlife? Lots of people. Possums. What are those other little armoured pillows? You're talking about the Florida scrub-wild life. Varmates is what you're talking about. No, I'm talking about it. Fair. Yeah. We got like armoured pillows. Have you ever seen one of those warmers? Or something that I've ever seen one. Everywhere. Possums. Sure. Yeah. Who don't get me started? Recruits. Nightlife three. The wildlife three. And a convention or a trade show that was one four-bastard. Who came for a convention and he couldn't get out. Damn it. That's the second convention that the Miami Beach Convention Center. Maybe you know that there's a movie. I was in a store. I went to three stores before I could find better luck tomorrow. Last night I finally found it. And there's a movie called Being Roger Me or something like that. It's a common being a Jeremy. Like being John Malkovitz, but it's a brown Jeremy. You were right. Being fat Harry in this business line. Where did the lines start? And by the moment. Oh, I don't know. It was no line. There were a lot of people looking at it screaming. Ah, horror. This disgusting, but nevertheless. It's cause all you had roasting. Yeah. We're not responsible for Ryan Jeremy. No, but it would, with, with, had a rose in porn. What we used to got is not to be good looking. You made disgusting yourself. It doesn't have to look like Tom Byron. It doesn't help you when they're disgusting as hell. Let me tell you. Peter Noron. You like some of the leeway that that product. I think Peter Noron is kind of gone south. I could be wrong about that. I'm not more than the ones from what I heard. Still the world's greatest reach to this conversation. I thought to Peter Noron the other day. He tells me your real name is Neil Down. And he's still an interested in it. It's the sort of high-ably intense. Come, Nick. Singing his way to the hearts of voters across the country. Bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb. Brands, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb. Brands, anyway. I think Brands is great with the ratings. Our continued their efforts to acquire nuclear weapons. Anyway, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb. Brand, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb. Brands, after a restful vacation in the Middle East, Tower of Dice of Iraq. He packed a bag, dad, and his cheeks. To embark on a bench-boys-drake jacket tour. And he'd be nice to have you truly sure to stretch him. So everyone can help out, bomb, bomb, and bad. As you're over where I will have to come from, Come on, shit. To venture, thank you for your vote. Making you pay. Good job. Nice to both of you. But, if you mentally have to cap, So let the old man wear out the war hero welcome at. Night green. So, down to night cheeks. Where I stored nuts and many other things. I've put a roof in my wallet. Car keys. Even a wristwatch. And I praise the old. McCain's message is clear. If you listen carefully, do the voices inside his cheeks. God only knows when we're getting on a get-in. They're fine, they're fine, they're fine. They're fine, they're fine. They're fine, they're fine. They're fine. They're fine. They're fine. They're fine. They're fine. Someone's going to take a top of me? Someone's gonna take a top. Somebody. Someone's gonna take a center too. I'll take a middle and light. Someone's gonna take a front leg. Someone's gonna take a center too. Someone's gonna take a center too. Someone's gonna take a center too. Someone's gonna take a front leg. Someone's gonna take a chair too. Someone's gonna take a center too. Someone's gonna take a cot. Someone's gonna take a Fit so that's not enough. Someone's gonna take a Fit. Someone's gonna take a Fit so that's not enough. Someone's gonna take it. Someone's gonna take it. Someone's gonna take a Fit, maybe someone's gonna take a Fit. Someone's gonna take a Fit. Someone's gonna take a Fit. Let's get back to the superfoods, okay? I know there'd be a really good call on there. Just when we came back, there always is. Well, 137 votes on the poll. I think we got 1,300 made in the shade, maybe. I think we got it looked. Speaking of looking, pomegranates. If you're going to have a martini, at least make it a pomegranate one. What would have heard of that? Have you? A pomegranate martini? Yeah, I think I'll try it. This fall fruit has higher antioxidants and activity than red wine and green tea, which may be why a number of studies show up may prevent skin cancer and kill. Breast and prostate cancer cells, it also helps fight Alzheimer's disease. Researchers at Loma Linda University found that mice who drank pomegranate juice experienced 50% less brain-degeneration animals that consume really sugar water. The pomegranate drink is also the better and mays' intestines as the aged. A group of diabetic, now this is the part interesting to me. Moving into the San Fe, baby, a group of diabetic who drank about two ounces of pomegranate juice today for three months, kept their bodies from absorbing bad cholesterol and their immune systems, a major contributing factor to hardening of the arteries, discovered researchers in Israel and will flip-screen gets crumbling from that, how do you like that? He put a special schmata on the celebrate. I think we ought to have regular yiddish lessons on a sure reading. I think so. A lot of glamont there and that really doing all that well with their yiddish. And you think after years listening to this show, you people would know your yiddish, baby. That's right. Love me 40 on a pool man. We are kicking some big, in spite of Paul and Angel Rom, I think that's helping us. On big. Because there were a lot of people who probably like, listen to the music you know from my 10 to 11 30 or 10 a new. And now that they're on from 2 in a morning till midnight every day, I think that big one of those such just shot themselves in and I'm close. I could be wrong about that. Maybe they're going to take a big chunk of our audience away. What do you think? And a week from Friday comes the winter book. The winter book. The summer knows. Now what movie was that from? The summer knows. Don't you remember that movie? It sounds familiar. I don't have that. Oh, that was that from summer 42? I don't know. You didn't see that movie with squirmy. Hermy. I'd like to see it. I'm trying to get it. Brimey Gary Grimes and who was it? I don't know. Jennifer O'Neill. Sounds familiar. You didn't see the summer 42. Or the beach house. Yeah. Okay. There has been got killed in the Vietnam or whatever. Whatever. Or wherever where we were fighting when I think came out. Probably via it. I'd have a fair with a younger guy. But the kid. Yeah. Gary Grimes. Yeah. Yeah. I saw it. Can we fruit? Well, I assure a lot of food on this list. Don't judge this fruit by its cover. It says under that birthday brown peel, you'll find a bright green star bursting with antioxidants and prolified. Can we fruit work to protect against free radical damage? A study from our cuisine versus to compare the 27 most popular fruits. How about you? One of them was... Damn god. And determine that Kiwi fruit was the most nutritionally dense. Oh, did I go talking behind my back again? Dense. Plus it makes the short list of fruits with substantial amounts of vitamin E and contains more vision-saving, lutein than any other food-of-reachable except for corn. Oh, corn. A corn sure is special. Not good for you though. It's very, what's the bad thing about corn? The carbs. But there's something else bad about corn. Some people have an allergy to it also. It's a starch, baby. Although I love corn on the cob. You know the best. They call it Indian corn on the cob. You wrap it up in tin for you. You put it on the grill. That's good. Oh, and you're black and that baby in the corn too. In a 2004 study from the University of Oslo and Norway, participants away two or three Kiwis for 28 days significantly reduced their potential to perform a clot. They also got a bonus benefit. They're trying to reassure us. I've blood fat linked to heart attack dropped by 15%. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Let's go on and get a bunch of foods, baby. Now, continuing with these, there's only a couple more I think. There's only, like I said, three mole. I'm going to hurry up with this. Let them 45 on a pool. Barley. You know something? I and I have to skip wood by and find me a place where I can get a bunch of mushroom barley soup. I might be after wood. But you don't have a soup man up there because that's one of the flavors I saw that they had. It is. George was at the soup man in the morning. Yes, it happened to her. Yes, great. I'm getting all the lobster biscuits that they had available. Man, I love my soups. And I'm mushroom barley. Anyways, when some whole grain stitches, we know it's our process. They lose their fiber content. Not so with barley, baby, which is full of sourdible beta, gluten, fiber, and it's whole total refined flour form. They don't even show that. What is it? Beta, gluten. What did I call it? I don't know. Glucan, Glucan do it. Never heard of it. Wow, whatever do you even know? Did you see it correct to me? Does even know what that live is? These correct to do. They do have much from barley. Glucan, my ass. To the chair. Study showed this fiber may knock down bed cholesterol by as much as 17 and a half per set according to USDA research. A 2,000 for study found that adults with moderate high cholesterol levels went on low fat American Heart Association diet. They began to see an improvement only when barley was added to the menu. Boy, I love my mushroom barley soup. A nice slice of shrimp in it and lots and lots of barley. And it says that also makes barley a better choice for people with type 2 diabetes because it helps decrease blood sugar and insulin levels. I'm going out and give me a gigantic, not a bowl. I'm getting a fat of mushroom barley soup. I can eat that all day. Wouldn't that be a, you know, they see that one dimensional diets are bad for it. Like the ice cream diet, for example, probably wouldn't be right. BVlicias though, especially if horse like hog and nose rocky road. I'm sure I'm sure there are other ice cream makers that make better. And you know what else is really good to is having a hash. What's in that besides hash? Sounds heavenly. What do you mean what's in a besides hash? You ever had heavenly hash? I think I have, but I forgot. I'll bits a little bit to chocolate and marshmallow. Ooh. And lots of chocolate. Yeah. See when the base flavor is chocolate that you can't go wrong. It's like a woman's band. Cranberries. Oh, brother. This is born in bread American. So anyway, we never got to the thing about what berries was it that you said. Courts. Currants. Now, currency in Europe, like I told you when I was in Copenhagen, they used it in Denmark for whatever reason. They used it a lot in, you know, they stick like little bits of them on plates. So yeah, like food or in a plate, but their currents are good. Hmm. Anyway, getting back to cranberries, this born in bread American berries, among the top ten and the top ten, any accident in which food is making it a potent cancer protector. You see, I'm thinking about the waiter in that restaurant in Copenhagen. I'm not thinking about the currents. Currants were good, but not as sweet as he was. Oh, those dines, those great dines. Hmm. Anyway, he was a blonde guy, you know. You know what helps treat urinary tract infection. Says perhaps you've heard of Pervence gum disease too. Cranberries. Compounds in the juice can actually alter antibiotic resistance. Strange, making it impossible for the harmful bacteria to trigger an infection. A small pot of study from Harvard Medical School and Mercury's University found that eating about a third cup of dried cranberries yielded the same effect. Better than the juice. Cranberry juice is like it's just like drinking sugar. Right. Right. Right. Man is a good man. Good with some booze. Research on pigs. All the genetic predisposition to our thorough sclerosis. After those sclerosis, mark can I read any of this. Neurohardeneries that may lead to heart attack and stroke found that those fed dried cranberries or juice that we did healthier, more flexible blood vessels. Oh, I'd like to have a flexible vessel. I'll tell you that. And last and definitely least, broccoli sprouts. Yes, we've been through this. This is broccoli good. The news broccoli sprouts even better. At a mere three days old, they contain least 20 times as much of disease fighting SGS, which triggers enzymes in the body that either kill cancer cells or keep them from growing. You've heard that. I'm sure even though you hate cooked broccoli is that broccoli is one of those anti-cancer antioxidants that you can say. Yes, I have. I don't deny that it's very nutritious if you could just choke it down. It says the just one ounce of sprouts has got as much of that SGS. One and a quarter pounds of broccoli. It says it'll save you lots of chewing. You know, chew this. Chubaka. People wait about a half a cup. Half a cup of days sprouts lower their total cholesterol by an average of 50. Many ways they're good cholesterol by eight points. In just one week, five of Japanese products said I can't wait to see that better luck tomorrow Japanese. Explosive UV sunlight over time may lead to an eye condition called molecular degeneration, which is the number one cause of blindness in US seniors. Researchers at John Hopkins determine that broccoli sprouts can protect retinal cells from ultraviolet light damage. You can probably eat a couple of this and stand out there and stare right at the sun for about four or five weeks. Just stare right at it until your eyes melt and start running down. You're cheek. I think I can have broccoli sprouts. What about? Try some sprouts. When I say club holes, I listen to the meal rotters 12 to one hour. I love them back to getting them both. You're the joining us again today. Yeah. I can't believe the genius and cancel football training. You're not right. That's not right. That's not right. After nine or eleven all sports was canceled for almost a week. I was in withdrawal. You were doing a show the morning and eleven, right? Yeah. We'll have to handle that. I'm proud to say we took right on talking about the Miami-Hoye reggae. Oh, no. I don't know. Something like that happens. I might have to put sports aside for a little bit. That's right. I'm not going to list as long as I have. Dude, people were jumping to their death or our shores were attacked man. That wasn't a good situation. But that's not that's not a single very huge foil surgery. So let me get this right up. There's nothing more important in life than sports, right? I don't get my house was pointing downward. My family captain signed, nothing will lift my head from their sports page. Do one job security and can't I have a big sports sports sports? If you want to wake him, sports. Look at the girl decommere for me. I want to show you something. So take a few could that. Look at that crowd. They're senator John McCain said to formally announce his candidate to see enforcement do hamster the average age of that crowd. And I used the term loosely was what? Death plus about 80. One here the beginning of his announcement. Crazy person. And so are all those old goofballs. So you're in sportsman to hamster all I'm Craigy New Hampshire rights. What do you think about it? By the way, let me just say this to you, okay? I'm not saying I'm not going to take any new ads on our my space page, on the show page. But I'm denying so many people not because if there's any kind of, I give it to a smell test. You know what I mean? And there was like a picture a second ago like a dog I'm 19. I nearly naked young guy. And I'm not a bathing suit kind of pretty young. And I looked it over and looked really shady to me. And most of the most of the so-called friends were like celebrity pictures. And it's smell and head in order to do it. Then all of a sudden, here's one from the fat man who just two were bogus back to back. And I deleted both of them. They both are the same person, by the way. And the fat man says, oh, somebody hacked into my page and I, yeah, right. Give lost, okay? All new fakers and shakers and Quakers out there who want to come into back door. Get lost. Get lost. That's right. Now who fags this? I thought I was all done with that. Betty Betty, a good barrier, a news. Say hello to a sai. A C A I. A sai. The truth is making believers a world class athletes and health coaches. People everywhere, grown in the Amazon rainforest as sai is truly give from other nature. It's got a rich, very cocoa flavor that makes it taste amazing. And it's packed with more antioxidants and blueberries or pomegranates. Plus those are healthy omega fats protein and dietary fiber. How do you like that? I got to look that up. I got a Google of Drainabrake and see what it looks like. A sai. You hear of it? No. I just thought one out of sai. So what makes any of the accents and omega fats important? Says studies have shown how the French and Mediterranean diets rich in red wine and oily oliva. Help maintain heart body brain and skin. Get body, all your oliva. What bad acting? Organic a sai combines the best of both diets with 30 times. But 30 men. The antioxidants are red wine and essential fatty acid profile similar to all your oliva. A sai is a important combination your body shouldn't go without. It's potent and it's important. Super healthy, super tasty, super food. The sai foods have been featured on Oprah. Well nothing's perfect. In the Wall Street yearnl and the New York Times amazingly, the little a sai berry about the size of a blueberry is being called the miracle berry. And whoever is peddling this, all the quarts from university dodge. A Brazilian, very popular in health food contains antioxidants that destroyed cultured human cancer cells and basic university of Florida study. That's where my buddy Varage goes to school by the way, university of Florida and Gainesville. I just thought you'd be interested in the theater. One of the first to investigate the fruits purported benefits. Published today in the journal by cultured food chemistry, the study showed extract from a sai. Berry's triggered a self-destruct response enough to 80% of the kidney cells tested. A sai berries are already considered one of the richest fruits source of antioxidants they be saying. This study was an important step toward what people may gain from using beverages. Dietary supplements and other products made with the berries. That's beverages, as in beverages in Moria. Number that? A. A. Barrage is in the water. That was funny. While when you get to over 800 pounds you start slurring your words a little, but it's not a good thing. Don't forget hopper in the Ahmed dog, I'll be out of dolphin can't just soften known from two to godowing knows when. Then we got that awful marlin game tonight. Any interest whatsoever. 1181 on this pool, there's some interest in that thing. We're going to be at our 1300 and then some Chris, how do you like that? I'm very happy. Now did you guys get anything just to how we's baking that's in a little bit old? I mean my baking is not good. Chris got his 3 divorces, I just ate bacon. If I'm a smart during this break instead of looking up a sai and what I'm going to do, make more bacon? Yes. Then then some if you're a capital idea, break and bacon. Bacon, break. Although it's not kosher, I've never had a list. I'm going to see if there's like a little circle you on the box. Because if you're like really from me, for like a really obsessive Jew, like you're a sarnar for example, you go on beaten, no, trif, especially just before you go to wood bind to plunge your guts out. Because if you eat trif, then God's going to punish you and he's going to put a hex on your machine no matter which one you play, he's going to follow you. No matter which machine you sit, you're asked on it. Oh, I'm putting a hex. Do you like that? You know, however God doesn't like in the Captain Marvel, Shazam, you know, which neighbors would say. Shazam. Now why does Jim neighbors say Shazam? Why was he saying, I guess it's a hillbilly thing. Is that what it is? Shazam? No. I never knew that until this moment. I've never heard anybody else say it, except for Billy, you know, when he turns into Captain Billy Batson, Billy whatever his name was. Billy Batson. Was that his name? Google it right now. I found Diane, you're lying. Or however that goes. I'll never rush Shazam read it personally. What? I mean, I saw him, but, you know, you never can't be Marvel fans or you never say it. Really? That's in. Narrated typically, narrated each Captain Marvel story when Billy Batson says the magic word Shazam. But a beat by the movement it goes on. How do you like that? What a memory man. I am a freaking genius. What's about every 10 years? Marketsam read that tiger for a friend. What are you talking about? The comic book. He heard a half in Marvel and I tiger for a movie. Billy, the tiger? Billy, maybe. I see. I remember the villain. I like the word. I just remember the kid's name. Tony, cue, cue, cue, and hello. Hey Neil, listen. Yes sir. It's Arty Barry. It's this monovy. It's supposed to be the Jesus' use of the 90s and the 2000s. Hockey Barry? Hockey, Channick Barry. How are you Barry? I lost it. Did you? Tony, how are you doing? Okay sir, how are you doing? Hey, I was just hearing you talk about that Barry. Not to, I want to correct that. You barely. You barely. It's the a tie fairy. Well, that's not what it says in the story. It says shows it's phonetically a s-a-s-i. Oh, I just read this. It's spelled a c-ser, but it's an s-b-n-u-l. It's a-a-s-c-c. You better get with it. You're picking a pine. You're picking a pine. You're picking a pine. You're picking a pine. You're picking a pine. You're picking a pine. You're picking a pine. You're picking a pine. You're picking a pine. You're picking a pine. You're picking a pine. You're picking a pine. You're picking a pine. You're picking a pine. You're picking a pine. You're picking a pine. You're picking a pine. You're picking a pine. You're picking a pine. You're picking a pine. You're picking a pine. You're picking a pine. You're picking a pine. You're picking a pine. You're picking a pine. You're picking a pine. You're picking a pine. That's right. You're picking a pine. Why would you say that? Well, how do you know it is? Ice cream doesn't have night trites and night traits in all the artificial grass. All those guys around you should have a girret. If you go to cold stone cream, where you doesn't have all that preservatives, I'm sure. That's a big kid. You said that kick better when it's got all the botulism and stuff. The one that got recalled. Yeah, I don't want to go. I don't want to listen. See, you're picking up a mouth again. I'm talking about baking. What do you just say Chris, those two words. Ice cream. We all scream for ice cream. He's just trying to kill you. That's all. Oh, I know that, so we can get the money in my will. I know by a lesson all to Verage. I am so pleased. I'm pleased this punch that he accepted me on there. I feel like I'm validated as a human being. It would have been, and not only that, but also what's his name. Mark the soccer guy. If you went F. Would the one with a broken leg? Hope you're hearing up Mark that he's listening to the show. He's got no ID who I am. See, at least Verage has got some ID's listening to the show. He knows I'm an old fag in this bother. But Mark the soccer guy. I wrote to him when I told him I'm the old fag on a radio. I didn't bother him. And anybody who looks like that is used to being like, Will that by men, by women, by animals, by trees, by flowers, Tulip and anything. Anybody looks that good. And then you remember Mark from you? I'm sure you don't. No. Who? You remember the Serbian statin for Christ's sake? Oh. Hehehehe. 1100, the E.C.M. Most on a poise. There are any doubts that we're going to get that 1300. Of course not. Because we're legendary, man. Can't you feel it in the air? Is there like a little in my voice? Because of the fact that we got the dolphin games back on again? Yeah, I've been in the reverse. We can speak for another 400 years on the air. And I was like, it's tough. I should probably give the details of that new deal I've been working out right now. But I better not. Not a good idea. Till it's inked. You know? Are you upset about that thing? No. Because you're not going to have to be the one that does that Friday stuff. In fact, it's going to be, it's going to be a benefit for you too. I wouldn't be surprised if you have off on Fridays. In the last couple of years you're going to have it. I would be surprised. What? I wouldn't be surprised. Well, there you go. And you're not going to lose a dime. I'm sure I'm sure that by that time you'll still be making the same big bucks you're making it. Probably. Not anymore, of course. But yeah. You know, nothing's perfect. As a song from Alec Baldwin's 11-year-old daughter, I wrote it. In my heart, I would repeat. You'd make me feel like a fool. I would write, I would write, I would write, I would write. And when he went to the gun, Before I could watch, I'd go, he won. My father Alec Baldwin, When I'd be play with his wig, I'd go for him. I'd hear him yell, he's right there, I'd scream. He'd be following places, I'd come and she. And I knew for sure he was wrong. I just kept him, Oh, wait from him. When I'd go to swim, he'd shout, you're not going to knock. He would be messages that never meant. He'd just want to go, man. I'd just got screamed at by my father again. You've been really easy for the last time. I don't give a scam, but you're 12 years old. You're a child, but they are mothers and fathers, they're family. You are in one little pain. When mommy and I left that crazy fool, after he called me a baby by the fool, he'd made me cry just to see my tears. I'd hate how I let me, till he got ready to eat us. Like a boat dog in my own age. I'd want to kiss my heart at this place. Always clean me, but both are low. He doesn't eat, then on my age. And so my age, he should be like that. He's the one who's been a kid. He leaves me messages that never meant. He's just want to go, man. I'd just got screamed at by my father again. Probably 18 and five, 60. Oh, excuse me, what I really mean to say was, probably 18. That's better. I'd five, six feet up, if you want. Hmm. Speaking of berries, you know what that makes me think of? What? I know. I'm moving to what? Don't even breathe, don't even breathe. No, no. Okay. Very berry. What about that? You know who that was? No. That was the name of the character that Warren Bady played in the movie all fall down, which you continue resisting to watch as I ever get that for you? No, I haven't seen it either. Hmm. Karamol, you're a boyfriend, Brandon. Who? Brandon, the Wilder. That's the one. He was about like 20-ish thereabouts. Never seen it. All fall down. That's your reason I like the movie. It's very good. It's a very good movie here in it. Yeah. What a surprise. Look at that. I am D.B. I'm going to D.B. it right now. Yeah. I mean, you'd like it if you wanted. I'll give you that. What was the other one? I was going to get you all this one. When you see, I can see you a first though. Come on. Don't be stealing stuff. People are going to tell you all kinds of rumors about you. Too late. That's right. There we go. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? I knew you'd know. George was no because he doesn't care about that crap. He didn't really think about famous South American political leaders over here. Oh. Nascar announced that it'd find driver one Pablo Montoya. One Pablo Montoya. Hi, Pablo. 10 grand. And place the 30-way road working on probationally, December 31. The money resident was punished for making an inappropriate gesture during a large broadcast in a Bush series practice. There's the Phoenix International Raceway. He made an inappropriate gesture. Probably give the attack in salute. The old one finger salute. I mean, can you think of any other inappropriate gesture? It's really what I know of. I mean, there are some stuff that I'm studying in sign language. I know a whole lot. Do you really? Oh, yeah. I can defend the death of the righty ways. Now it would be a good time for you to resume those appearances. You know how the weekends. Yeah. And make some of seeing some of these unsuspectators. I don't think this regime believes in appearances or the talent making. I think we'll go with the eyes that the guy with a fanny pack. That crowd. Montoya thought he made the gesture to a cameraman. He's befriended who's gathering footage for an ABC documentary on an escraze schedule to be air this summer. But Montoya wound up in court on tape during the speech channels broadcast of Bush practice. I really feel bad these didn't happen. He said this day. But it was only meant as a joke to one of my friends. I completely understand that as Christ's point of view. And it's decision. This is more dot-eye and stuff, baby. More of this politically correct crap. He didn't even know that people were going to see it. It would have been if he would have whipped out his individual thing and they put it on TV or something like that. You know, he didn't think people were going to see it. Like that. You know what I mean? Uh-huh. Yeah. I know. I kind of an amazement very very for a person. I thought you were just a bitch. You just hear that? You make it happen. Who? McCune. Prepare. All these old old people standing behind him in court, Smith, Lou, Hampshire. All these nine-hundred-year-old, Farts, these fossils, these human fossils. These retardos. And you know something those people are solely, remember that song? Ah-ha-ha-ha-bam. Barrayan, see, so it doesn't have any significance to them. They just don't have a good idea. There he goes again. A good idea. Senator. You idiot. You Nazi. You lunatic. He got about as much chance to get into that nomination as you do. None. Twelve-one-one and the pool. I'm pretty impressed by that. I bet you're a bitch. A Chris is just crawling from it. He doesn't even know what that means, you know. No, no. W-a-m-Hello. Hello. 2 a.m. Yes? It is pretty good. I was 92,000. Both of the pickers and tough collusion. I showed up for that scrimmage. College scrimmage game. There must be nothing to do at all tough collusion. 92,000 and no-stickers show up for our colleagues just. Yeah, but Nick says they're an idiot. Oh, Nick's saving. They save them. 50,000 people. But I mean, they packed a stadium for it. Go ahead, man. I mean, not only think we're so mad. What? I think you're a whole new to tell me about it. 12.9 and a pool. And good bacon, man. Can I give you like a little hint about about this or anything else that you want. Chris, been to microwave. Okay. See, I'm used to this for about two and a half minutes. It's microwaveable bacon. Put on my paper towel. I know good for two and a half minutes. And then, because I was sitting in here and I had to start the next bit, I would have had another minute. Because, start in the microwave even though you don't realize this, it's still cooking. Right. Am I right about that or I might just make that? I think it was. It's costing a little bit. Yeah, I think. It's why? Coasting. Coasting. Posing. Toasting. It's toasty. It's nice and crispy. It's just a way I like it. Not greasy because I do as I take another piece of paper towel. When it's done, I absorb all day. I made it up, you know what I mean by that? Yes. I smear up all the fat and the oil and the grease and all that. And I get that off of it and then I have a nice crisp, you know, with all that fat and the schmutz on it. Who wants bacon which mutz on it? All elements of American power are military economy. Bomb bomb. Bomb bomb. McCain. You're lost. You're crazy person. Anybody with a brain larger than their thumbnail, those you're crazy person John. Go away. Go back to Arizona with a banjo on you, go back to being a professional POW. Okay, but now, try another 20 years till you're croak. Get out of our face. Oh, that was disrespectful to Senator McCain. Good. Good. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. Yes. Yes. Yes. There's no map I'll say, Suzanne, when he used to be with Barack Hudson. I bet he did. He also said, go away. Yeah, I bet he did a lot. I mean, you talk about unlikely combinations. That's like Marlon Brando and Wally Cough. So would have ever believed that one. True story, don't. Mr. Peepers. Now, he commits suicide or something. Mr. Peepers. He just died. I'm committed sausages. I don't even know what that is. Wally Cons, Mr. Peepers. You haven't saw that show. Little ugly guy would glasses. Looks like Robert Greenford. Mr. Peeper? Yeah, pretty sure. If I saw him. Now, he saw. You know, he was meltdown. Now. Anyway, that's, I'm likely pairing Jim Neighbors and Rock Hudson. Next thing, you know, you'll be talking about Raymond Burberry. And then, mole calling. Right. Don't worry, not gay. It was a very much. Yeah, I'm actually going to pick some dingo berries. No, we love that very much. I think he's saying the best balance. And you're official home for Miami Dolphins. Oh, man. That's the one way he can stop some gashes into the end zone. So it's really all five, six, six. QAM. There's an affair. She's like, come. She's like a man. There's an affair too, like, come. She leaves her overcoat there. She calls to get the jacket back. Inside pairs of pockets. Some of them is called a pocket locket. There is. How often do you use your pocket rock? Oh, huh. I just think it's important. You're going to make people feel better. You know, some of them I've been doing for years. So it's that. Since you were six, I love that. And have any other sexual devices. Two old kittens. I haven't heard that since my teens. Frop 30. I'm just finished. I'm going to have to make a better wash it down. And you want a washing down with? I don't know. Be it? No. Yeah, that would be good. Fresca. Ah. That's a little fruity. Got a little fruity taste to it. A little bit. Don't hang my sion at though. WQA in. Hello. Stop it. Hey, stupid. Yeah. That would be QA in. Hello. Stupid. It's stupid. Yeah. It's stupid. Yeah. Definitely QA in. Hello. Stupid is. As stupid does. Come on. You can do it. Let's get it. Let's get a segment here. Okay on this phone because I know that certain people in the building loved the phone, maybe they love your calls. Man, we don't, we hate him like poison. When I say, we, I'm talking about Chris and George and me, M. Josh and anybody with an IQ larger than the thumbnail, but nevertheless, a lot of small IQs out there, you know it? Or maybe just a lot of big thumbnails. Trump's running on in the pool. Even George who's a skeptic, even he had no, we got the 13-endered lick. We got a lick. What? W to Q a M. Hello. Yes. What do you got? What's up with your signal? Not bad again. Is it sucks? Well, that's nothing new. We know that. Hey, have you noticed that a lot of the, like, natural willists and a lot of the pictures are wearing. Not interested in pictures, not interested in catchers, not interested in baseball. Don't care about sports on this show. Okay. You know that. I know that. So take your negativity somewhere. Think of it across the street over there. Okay. Talk to, to kids that don't got any shoulder wall through now since I'm as got as inspired. Take it over there. Take it on a town. Take it and put it on a Greyhound bus. Up and make everybody else happy. In fact, you get on the bus with it. How's that? W to Q a M. Hello. I was small, Penn's it gets very hard. W to Q a M. Hello. Hello. Yes. Um, I would wondering, have you written a good book lately? No. The day did any good documentaries? No. Where's it always check out the corporation if you ever get in the time? No chance. Have I read any good books lately? Oh. I'd rather go back and read about the poison theories or whatever it was all about. You're a crazy person, sir. You read any good books lately? I don't read books. I say my eyesight for looking and oozing at real hot looking people. That's what I. That's why he's my eyesight for. I go down there in the mall and I will. Like that. That's right. I start reading real heavy and getting emotional. That's right. Like I was going to like I was going to get a gigantic fat of heavenly hash and take a bath in it. Check ass. How many Q a M. Hello. Well, that might get to last one two before that. That would be bad. Because I want to make sure they get to you. And give you reading good books lately. I want to make sure they get that. I'm sure I'm the bacon by the way. Yeah. And you're the one that talked me into it. Oh, good. Good for you. Now one two three four man. One two three four. That's what we got on the pole. Tom and 34. How often you see that? Once in a blue moon. WQAM. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Good. Hello. I want to go. You all were talking about a sedan, Saturday morning, Cartel? Yes. You can go to YouTube and punch up and you can see this is there. I'm in trouble. Really? Yeah. You've heard? He just said about anything on their cancer. Yeah. Yeah. I've got listed all my whole, Saturday morning, Cartel, having flashbacks. Okay. I'll check it out. This puts the damn intro. Okay. And I'll do the intro. All right. Now I'll take it easy. Thanks, Pally. She's a Zion. She's a Zion. And I'm talking about rock-hutts in the gym neighbors because they all those rumors. Yes. They got married. And they were doing this. Yeah. And Hanky, Spanky, and Spanky, the Hanky. Yeah. All of those stuff. What's it to me? Why would anybody care, you know? Hmm? Why would anybody care about that? That's what I just don't understand that. WQA in Hello. Okay. Okay. I'll do it again. QA in. What's the name? Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You think the Detroit Red Jacket's going to beat the Buffalo Bruins? Yeah. I would want to surprise Matt. And it's try to make the least, too, yeah. Make believes Michael all the way. WQA in Hello. While he's in the sea, his my boyfriend and I pull. Yeah. Oh, that must be Dan Kempelow on the phone. Open up the rail there while he Danny's coming through. Don't serve it to harness racing stuff. Okay. That's bad. Wally is a good guy. He's, you know, he likes to show he likes me. He used to come to the hockey games. How's it going? He's a typical, uh, can't, you know. And then he always wonders why Rippemont here. Because I love Trump a lot of tickets bet on you. Wally, you're a good guy. And, you know, once in a while you win a race. But then again, every, every dog has its days. No, what they say. We're gonna jump again. We work just for you. Yeah. No thanks. Some of you QA. QA in Hello. QA in Hello. QA in Hello. QA in Hello. QA in Hello. Neil. Thank God. Wednesday, last day of school. FIU. He's in. I'm gonna get to listen to you every day. And not go to class for like a week. And so summer school is like great. Excellent boy. Boy, your life has been in Ritz now, man. Hey, you know what? You know that the admissions office that FIU goes around the whole day doing your sound bites. We're showing stuff. Really? Yeah, sounds like the Neil Rogers, so I like three to four. Excellent. Well, I'd go to show it's an institution of higher learning. I knew that. I know some bright people that graduated from FIU. It's an institution of higher yearning baby. Mostly perverts, which is what I like the best. 1237. Now, you tell me that professor or Jack Krishner is dead. You tell me that? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. He's the ideal professor. He was the, uh, Italian. That's right. We're not going to get into the water. That's right. The water that our friend's shall forever. Now, she's going to be telling me that's all. That's all. Now, we know that. Are you from? No. No. It'll professor, he was good guy. And he loved when I opened up the vet there to back at the vet and given that cases of that bottle of water. He loved that. I still pay him a lot of money to do a teacher to tell you. I know my few words now. Oh, no, do I pray? Quark to a chinquake. That's about it. I don't cover the words. You know something if I weren't diabetic, that's where I'd be right now in Rome. Talk about ice cream. Forget about ice cream, gelato, gelato, meast dough, and of course all the pizzas and pasta, oh man. Next time you go to Rome, George, be sure and I'll give you where the places where to go. Okay. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. You don't potato kugle. Don't be knocking potato kugle, you leave it on what that little is. Have you ever had potato kugle? Me? Yeah. I can't say that I have. I was knocking it either. I was knocking it. When it's nice and crispy, when it's a little bit too much, all I've been to those as you know, you could take it, but I'll take them. Well trust me, when I tell you potato kugle, I try. You know, in German, kugle is cone, as in ice cream cone. I'll see there, you know what the ice cream mean? Why do you keep doing that to me? What you did? WDQAM Hello. I'm a shitter rock, can I take you out of please? WDQAM Hello. Yeah. Where is it? WDQAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. How are they going? OK. Yes. Yes. I was wondering, do you guys give away any type of tickets to provide? We don't give away anything. OK. We give away any ticket. Sorry. We give away nothing. We give it a ticket for a bad call. Take it up your ass if you've been to over. Take it up his ass. Break them. Wow. Don't stand up and might fall out, pal. We give away any tickets. No, we don't give away any tickets. Back in the day, we used to give away tickets and all these free loaders who never would call a show. Any a slack user would call, oh, can we have the free ticket? Can we have like the free ticket lady for crying out loud? We're not going to play the whole thing, but just the, the Wild. Hello. Take it central. Hello, pal. Have your tickets please. See there. Oh, she didn't even know what the tickets we were giving away. OK. Just a little bag. And I'm sure she's dead by now because that was Wild. Boy, that was a long time ago. Let's reminisce about Wild. Not. Wait, we hit our moments. I can't remember what that they were. You remember any good ones of the food? I'll tell you a one thing, man. We sure had the food coming in. Oh, yeah. Those dangerous. Chris would be dead by now. You know, that is correct. If I were even if I was down there right now. See, because I know how to do that much better in you guys. Much better. Oh, I know. Remember the one time I was down there a couple of years ago. We got all this stuff from corkies. We got the potato pancakes. And we got a lot of the, well, well, in the brisket, the task of the task of the basket of tisket. Let me have some brisket. I like our tisket of tisket. Let me check out your basket for Raj. But anyway, it's just a mirage. All the kind of crowd is going nice. You know, we're paying this set. We're going to boo-go. We're going to boo-go. Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, whatever you said. Then they're all going. Ah, and I'm all I jined here to the back. He's almost as good as Ross P. Row, you know. Not as goofy looking, but almost with a big, puffy cheeky as you know. From 144 votes on the poll 13 is in. He's going to Congress to test it. If I give him a fire, those eight girls now will lose him. I got to one of my purchase. I just want to that boy. It's hard to show up at boys. I win and delete his mind. Email. Now my career is going to hell. It's hard to show up at boys. It's hard to show up at boys. I'm so proud. I'm so proud. I'm so proud. I'm so proud. I'm so proud. Thus I'm a kid. To Bryanickt and that's kind of my belly. Kellis controlling this chanel, I'd be tired for screwing this. ground a few things. I want your party to kill you. Warner Bros. breakdown You yours was the only two. He was a monster. He's alive right now.ying aighth old behavior. for a few currents and he is that the thing that you will be able to picture a current yeah that's that but it's a few currents and that's what it said but in fifty boats there's a man in his wife what do you think of her is blonde wife what about i don't know what do you think what do you think of the channel man on the breast there are not doing so bad for an old fart for an old far he had to do too bad probably do anything now that he's a little bit of a face no wait i just uh... oh god change your mind just yeah she just wanted to call my god i don't think that's a real face what are you looking at what you heard i'm on cnn she's weren't a pink dress yeah i think that he's the rest she's got a lot of very very long with her nose and forehead i think it was surgery gone wrong or horrible acts see her nose is where his left cheek used to be oh is that it could be a little or grabbed on the ranch she donated some uh... you know bone material for my face is middle name a three-year-old combination used for lethal injections in Florida and three-six other states does not reliably executed mates and may leave them feeling pain is they die university member medical school researchers found the study released this week little bit of pain lethal injection protocols are not adequate to ensure a predictable painless death researchers wrote in the journal public library of science medicine i want to say a short of public death when the people that they killed died you think so uh... i doubt it in other words were they killed lightly or not unlikely in fact it makes put to that by lethal injection make it less anaesthetic pound for pound to not the unconscious and didn't pain then do animals you think i'd have experiments to study includes how do we know that that animals you think i's didn't have experiments or you think i's when we put them to sleep how do we know that they get enough uh... you know what i'm saying like tiny maybe they just you know maybe they just threw his ass right in the fire there you go tiny bye bye how do we know that because we're not there to hear the screams is they're getting fried we absolutely pay more attention how we kill animals than humans said co-author Teresa's zimmers and assistant research professor of surgery well that particular person really good especially overcooked us little bit so it's nice and crispy and brown and the outside well study comes as fortly examines as lethal injection method after the boss execution convicted murderer angel ds in the summer ds look for thirty four minutes and needed two doses of fatal drugs because the technicians will serve the intravenous cute miss his vein all god you could be playing carley Simon you're so vain right now that we're right i taste they miss the vain so when you go to get blood drawn some of these text you know some of these fatdled bitches and you're like oh they're poking around him maybe they got the vain and maybe not maybe this stab your right in the middle of the arm bitch you can always tell when you do with the status you know they've drawn blood some of them do a really professional wonderful job some of them trying to reflect as much pain as they can i can't hear it's up all the way as all you got well that's good i don't want to step on it or start you are a special committee that she was married to that annoying what's his name James Taylor James Taylor or here's a new poll the public in july any thirty two-make nineteen Fred Thompson ten rami nine gingrich eight that just came into poll republican choice for the nominee medguliany thirty two-make nineteen he hasn't got a chandemince chanson purgatory baby i'll tell you that right now it would add bomb bomb bomb bomb they're gonna hang that around his neck like an albatross a special commission told governor Charlie get a little girl no Charlie a christ last month that the state should rethink the drugs those are just and treason training it uses christ staff didn't respond to questions for comment about the new study that's miss christ to you floor injection mates with sodium pedophile to analyze and this the size them what i just say and that's the type of ties like a set that's making you know may seem like right tongue so when you two eyes to be a two-time try to talk here followed by the muscle parallelizer pancaronium bromide o pancaronium bromide o to stop breathing then potassium chloride is not the heart for a lot of drugs the dosage of the drug is supposed to be large enough to kill in mates alone but to study a forty nine executions in order to run in california that if you made slip eighteen minutes a morning extra drugs on more drugs please also the dose of anesthetic propound with sometimes only half the muck him into kill dogs pigs another animals in medical experiments well that not nice florida and the other states in florida same drugs used in the first they for injection nineteen seventy seven oclahoma chose the drugs based on the pinnacle of the state's medical examiner who later changed his mind haha it changed his mind it's like that thing i talk about dissonant commit suicide by jumping off of about the one and i think i change my mind no chance death penalty opponents have a new state back to the cost of scrapply full injection same results show a possibility for cruel and unusual punishment no one knows what these drugs do there's been virtually no scientific review and medical evidence on the legal injection process at mark Elliott present the forebindians for alternatives to the death penalty advocates uh... can uh... advocates content that results bring from flawed data drug's clearly killing under inmates unconscious even if the process takes a few months longer than expected said michael rush forward present a criminal justice legal foundation and sacrament of what a wonderful city that is by the way ever been there you like it okay no and uh... okay i don't think about the public where i i don't think the public worries too much about Jeffrey damer feeling a little sting said rush for first of all Jeffrey damer didn't get executed i killed the slamer so what is this jackass talking about he if favors abandoning lethal injections switching to carbon monoxide gas just put it in the garage and you know take a long to take it on a again on the uh... we're on these a thing on the exhaust no you and Jeffrey damer was killed in jail right so what is he talking about if he feels like an extra little sting yes thing this you jackass no one is murderers you know that's kill about the people which is very american i'm sure everybody agrees with muskill a bunch of people in fact like that chogai if it would have just they said hey here's a crazy person let's kill them now that would have been safe thirty two lives because he long to die in any way anything that's a good idea sounds great well let's pass a bill let's find somebody with a ball to do that got crazy people and just uh... ball all much better for the best of us twelve hundred fifty votes on a pole let's take a puking out school don't forget we got the boys on the boys a summer baby the sports guys mad dog and a hunger i wonder who's eating the most who out in that you're out of dolphin camp now let me ask you christie you uh... you've been out there in the last week no not a mean last week i mean ever yeah i've been out there you know some all with up about it going there for press conferences during the next haven't error was made in wonderful what is there like free food to the press and stuff or just nothing i think on Wednesday's the order pizza otherwise was like you know that like a phrase with water and maybe so doesn't water in soda and an animal bag and well a blueberry animal i don't know about that how about an assay animal that sounds really wow can you imagine what can't that could do to your kishiki's really really doing interclinzing you know these guys that are into these high colonics man and uh... you guys in that whole the other i don't know what that's all about has something new was you and back to something all that depended on what if the use of cream don't you bring it to twelve hundred sixty one votes on the pole let's take a look at how we're doing and don't you forget to change it out because it's wood by one uh... i don't know if i'm excited about this or not but what i go away to last week yes you did and lost my ass you lost all your truck is it i want you lost all your tax check yeah right you know something you need to use your ass system to really do did i actually how much by tax refund check was right correct and if you think i lost even like ten percent of that you think i'm that and that much of a crazy person i might be but i don't stick around along with things and go well i run for the door and i say no more a loss my tax we find a loss fifty million dollars their last week whatever christ wants to make up okay and twelve hundred sixty one votes what drew you to south-of-order sure wasn't christ i'll send that i was born here that's my excuse three hundred thirty five or we just one other chunk i think i'm work or business hundred ninety two i don't live their thank me all god hundred sixty four i should have reached all gone i'm too lazy to do that just have that extra bacon bacon actually isn't really bad for i don't think of them the nitrates and nitrites all the cancer causing stuff other than that the weather do them their hundred fifty one certainly not the people hundred eight not the people my parents dragged me here anyone remember how that was needed on air and one of our various do wb the uh... well whoever he is fact that in thank you to be your okay in our book you know for a but then again i escaped from kubahedi etc fifty seven marriage fifty one a vacation twenty eight commitment to a mental institution twenty two like most of our colors ought to be it's gonna start getting pretty crowded there the beaches eighteen the people sixteen a lost bed fourteen a prison sentence fourteen the nightlife five the wildlife for and convention trade show still at one poor slipper who still stuck there he's like Charlie on the mta and you once the what's about a time the kinks and two you ever find that are you yeah i found it you were great did find that Charlie and the mt and for those of us who lived in Boston on the years ago we know what that's all about it's me that has one that i shouldn't i know that have to look for motion square instead we listen to the new largest fair and balance one to two hour elbow wire you have never going to youvidia based department that what the alpha The first one is the Marker Rayden. Marker Rayden. Marker Rayden. Marker Rayden. Marker Rayden. Would you like to see it again? Marker Rayden. Marker Rayden. Marker Rayden. Marker Rayden. Marker Rayden. Marker Rayden. Marker Rayden. Marker Rayden. And one of your children reaches your serial in free, Marker Rayden. Marker Rayden. Marker Rayden. Marker Rayden. You got a first now to your one huh? Yeah. Marker Rayden. You got a first now to your one huh? Remember long one. Well crazy people would gun 1280 votes on the pool. Let's get a whole slew of calls in here to start got my shirt on I got my pantalooies on it's woodmine Wednesday. I'm gonna go there and win my ass this afternoon Whatever that means you know what that means when you're asked you've heard of lose your ass So why can't you win your eyes supposed it ever thought about it? Yeah, or when somebody else's ass don't you Q a m hello? Hey, yeah, sir. Neil wondering now since the station's got the dolphins back and you still play your dolphin song Oh, and they do they can that why not? I'm just wondering Neil because basically you know we're trying to listen to it in the stalls in Western Mall Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's where you spend all your time Fuck 5605050 so pathetic baby another one of your people man get back on a banana boat and get lost take our hike Go paddle as fast as you can okay do us a big service Do in the limbo rock under the T room stall zero West land You're fairery W Q a m hello W Q a m hello Where has it been? Where has it been right in there? I don't know that we have 12 80 already we only need 20 more all 1800. I think Chris is probably slump back in a chair He slump forward actually, but then again, what's new about that? He's probably leading the over on the board Super slow wait for further forward than he is right now 5605050 pound 560 and Verizon cigarette wireless line let's have an hour that they'll remember forever Okay, put in the record books. What do you think any chance? Yeah, I'm sure what he making sounds like that about oh, I'm sorry. That was a burp Yeah such a skeptic man. You'll see you'll see there'll be a call this arm. Maybe not a real one, but there'll be a call W Q a m hello. I know yes, sir. Why does I'm got a hibbuck on Ask him W Q a m hello Okay, you know what I meant Rick and Sard's Ron and Ron and soon when you're gone. I'll be missing you Yeah, so yeah, that's what you think W Q a m hello That guy's gonna be in the he got to be in the ground long before I'm gone. I just signed another 40 year extension okay, schmuck W Q a m hello Hey, tell us about ready quit Neil. What about oh? Tell us about ready quit. He's a guy. Yeah. W Q a m hello Hello, yes, is the radio station? What station are you calling sir? W Q m. That's the one. Okay. Do you think you could check the antenna or the computer? That's a lot of signal. You lost the signal. I think it's like all he's lost. Yeah Oh, I lost it. He lost your marks. I just lost my signal right now Yeah, you lost your signal. I mean ask it. How's your fine bird doing you sitting on Joel's lap now or what? Yeah, daddy. How's your sugar daddy doing? 567. Oh 516. You know what kind of a signal we put it out today? We're really putting out a bad signal in his assistant I don't know what you're gonna find out What do you mean try to find out if somebody was listening they would tell us is that what you're saying? Oh, we're gonna try and tune it in someplace or something like that Tune it in someplace like in the building. Are you a crazy person or one try to tune it in? I'll of course let me try to tune it. Let me go and a living where my radio and tune and see the room and then I'll sit here and tune a fish I'll do it. Oh, you but Q a m hello W Q a m hello. Oh, he got me going Are they gonna have 12 hours of draft coverage this weekend? 50 See that mean W Q a m hello Yes, fires at an interview with brave now. Okay, I'm glad I'm here, and okay, and why don't you try a different voice beside that? Fully red neckie one, you know You are so bad man so bad not just annoying, but bad annoying. There's good annoying, and then there's bad annoying and you're bad W Q a m hello Are they car Yes, yeah, you're talking about John the cane's one Yeah, yes, you went to Baghdad and had her facial surgery But everyone know everything was cool over there. I see didn't help In fact it looks like she ought to have a bag dead over the head five six seven oh five sixty Police have found nothing to link show in the 32 victims. He just a crazy guy, but all the weird guns lots of them They and that's the name of that tune W Q a m hello You don't have to worry about me. I'm not sure You do the okay good. W Q a m hello Do you a m? Yeah, yeah I'm in the lake worth you coming in wall the wall. Okay, and no problems go go Dennis Cassinage Get these bulldoze get them out of here. Okay. Thank you get him out of here. Okay. Okay. There's a guy from Lake Worth He's here in his loud and queer okay, so all you people amount of stir up the pot again Tra I don't really care. I don't care if they can't hear his next door KFC, you know or cross the street with those old people in that building, you know I don't really care do you What exactly Oh Give you that so that's what I'm trying to say now express myself really well. What's it got to do with berries and cream? That's right. What's it? What's it guy to do with a sigh and with I want that crap W 2 a m hello Al Shopping is monitoring this radio show Good good W 2 a m hello For Oh, that was for Raj my friend W 2 a m hello W 2 a m oh W 2 a m hello But a war bowl What did I tell you see even believe me did you? No, but it's still don't W 2 a m hello No, I don't good I don't know how you deal with it. I'm out here. I work with how I deal with one With the colors and the nonsense when you're talking about topics that people really need to hear about I'm out here. I work with a date the cop one of the frequent colors to your show. I'm so sorry, yeah Exactly, I just don't know how you deal with it. We're out here dealing with these people but for you to pick a follow-up For call-up their call-up is unbelievable, but I think it is do you think it affects my paycheck? No, not at all that's all I can I bet that you to keep you Okay, I'm just glad you're there. I like listening to you. You always got the right word Appreciate it. Don't get it. Okay, see you See I I rather hear you know, I mean he was okay, but too much a little uh kissing kissy You know, I mean nothing all in a little kissy kissy. Sometimes too much kissy kissy is a little 1291 on the pool. We're gonna get to 13 1292. You see that and then I can sit back in the chair I got my pants on and my shirt and I think doing this next break even my choose Rosie's time to go look at that leaving the view. This is news in America, okay? This is news people are blown each other away on Unbealingable like I say Like crazy they're dropping like flies We got a bunch of Nazis running the government corruption is rampant and they're worried about Rose time to go unseen and they got a bunch of shrieking bansy broads on here. Oh There's book Anderson the entertainment correspondent marginal at best and there's Rosie Submarginal at worst for contract when it expires in June and she really downplayed the news Who's on exactly? Who's on oh it's Suzanne Melvo. Do you know anybody else whose name's Suzanne? I've heard a Suzanne Right no, I don't remember Suzanne What was that song by Terry Goksen and wasn't it was Mary Ann? Sorry Remember that Terry Goksen and easy writers on Columbia records 1958, but nevertheless no What a memory I got for crap, you know? In fact, I would say my memory is for crap You're supposed to be worried about or came down the contract is you're not because she's a hateful nasty Sow and everybody hates her like poison It's putting all the other broads on that show and what are they gonna do with star Jones? I guess they couldn't fit the top of the they got her to her long time ago. I know that's what I'm saying I need to have to bring her fat ass back to fill up those three cheers 1294 on a pool by the time we come back from this very important break We're gonna have over 1300 votes and then then Joel be having his head in his hands Lord even loves Neil Rogers If it just came with not for me They held a big convention Let me in for three But I don't like the one I was about to see They were speaking in song That they me have a love Love love love It was kind of fun Love love love Look at this to get out of my mouth Run from here You're like strong in your way No sign Sorry Still I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move able to make a move, I'm gonna take a move, I'm gonna make okay move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna find a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, yeah, I charging the move, I but hey put the move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I'm gonna make a move, I want to make a move, I want to make a move, I want to make a move, I want to make a move, I want to make a move, I want to make a move, I want to make a move, I want to make a move, I want to make a Carmel sucks. Let's face it. Okay. I think I had one of their ice cream cakes a hundred years ago at a party when I was a little kid Not a little strange. Yeah, heart is a rock right there. There you go heart is a rack 1309 by the way Chris on the pool. I bet you're like jumping up and down for joy and you could use the exercise too. Let me take a live today Oh, you know we got threatened today. We'll save that for tomorrow. All right, cool. We don't good 2000 votes tomorrow Chris gets the he gets the gas and George is gonna bend over and give it to him. I think he may not from George for gas that is 560 pound five six to the Verizon singular Wireless line What are we gonna do about rosy leaving the view that's of course What everybody's gonna be talking about the water core not Nobody cares John McCain made it official was there any daddy was gonna run? No, what's the big deal? The blog on there was it a news story See a news to me means like something we didn't know that's it. That's new. New information right as opposed to old WQAM hello WQAM hello Wireless live to my am Nobody QAM hello Kenny M. Bo is the worst radio. I've ever The worst I've ever heard yeah as our friend Larry King one said and I'd rather listen to David Gold on acid There's a little promotional material for our morning show it's going anyway. I'm sure that I've been a lot of money on that. I mean nobody's that crazy you're gonna leave that on five six that miss where they had Yaldia on a small like I said last nails in the coffin closed at all or close the lights Have it that goes down Meredith. See I can't even see it normal I have to like close my turn out the lights to parties over well some like that I you don't remember Dandy Danny down Meredith do you know I've ever seen him but I've seen you know old footage of him on the radio for rated Coach Salme that whole thing Frank you heard was a doard okay, he was like a doard Played by play my ass, you know he was just a goofball Coach Salme the whole thing In fact when Dave Johnson calls him week from a Friday George. Be sure we talk a lot about Howard Coach he'll hang he always loves that year. Oh, he hates him WQAM hello Even in death he hates QAM hello WQAM hello Hello Neil yes, sir. Well good afternoon sir. I'm the known sir You have was listening yesterday and it Towards the last half hour of your program you were reading that article concerning the I think it was the question No, no, whatever. I look at your website Yesterday and this morning and I I don't see it on there. Is it supposed to there the stir about blackwater? I'm positive it's on or somewhere Okay, well if you just the look up. I think it was on the nation website. I believe On the wet wet wet website the nation Very good. I'll look at it. Okay, T. H. E. N. T. I. I. O. N. Elamac Elamac Azaco Lucky strike means find tobacco L. S. M. F. T Nobody QA in hello Oh Pots five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five six to me Verizon singular wireless line WQAM hello Monita That's made you got it you got it, Pally I would get it. It's WQAM hello Rocky road my space ice cream Serbian stallion Sounds like jealousy in the me baby Sounds like real jealousy to me. Where's that Serbian saying by the way? I do got ice cream for that WQAM hello Yes, sir. I wanted a perhaps you call for financial life right there. I don't lock this in my choice or under penalty a death My bill mayor hate him Oh, really? Just name isn't bill mayor either. It's bill marb and nevertheless Okay, I've done correct it. I just have a just the one point in bottom said I think there's Some listening and He talked about the Virginia texting and he said a victim is somebody that's involuntarily placed Into harm's way and a hero is voluntarily placed into harm's way and why are the all the troops in Iraq Aren't given the same acclaims that these victims that from person you know that's pretty for fans You're only everybody else in a world including yours truly is talked about that but nevertheless But it'd be quite a little bit about their human sacrifices is what they are and I don't need bill mar some little Torp on the jail and oh show to tell me all about that. He's a professional media whoer He hasn't got a damn thing original to say everybody in their brother knows that And I don't want any more quotes from bill mar on the show. I don't want to mar the new Roger show with any more Swill from bill mar Or mayor is this guy says mayor I know what's his name bob mayor Is he still sitting on phone books on a weekend? Do they fire his ass finally? I haven't seen him in a while, but can't work for bob mayor I don't watch as much as I used to he was he was I guess the last survivor You know after they screw over bob weaver and then he died see that that's what happens in this business They screw you over they discard you like yesterday's rubbish and then you croaked in early death And that's what happened to our good friend bob weaver. What a great guy And now Bob mayor there if you tell me we know and what was that thing from what's your name speaking a fan on channel six Kelly Craig what about her or so? Well, no if she loves me Don't you remember that the KJ's why I sent me a thing about that my Zaze place we love her too So this way Kelly yeah, we love you too Kelly we'd like to have you stay alive So at least get under 300 this month and then we'll work on 250 next I don't know I haven't seen her at a long time and who would how might have talked about people being fat Like Rosie and I'll talk about whatever and how I want to talk about how do you like that so put it in your piece pipe and smoke it smoke it Shwoke this Okay, let's take a look at that poll now 1313 votes on a poll what drew you the South Florida On a somebody also there that the person who claims to be you know Miami with a palm tree who's given me a lecture about Keith old many of the day and just apologize And you know because I didn't know about the Barack Obama comments Because this person was also on vacation while I was on vacation probably stalking me and hands today And we're so like that, but you know rather than just have a palm tree on there Wouldn't it be nice to make up a phony profile or least put some kind of a stupid name on here as opposed to having a profile Miami with a palm tree Here's a message from Miami, you know, but anyway they said because I escaped from New York would be a good choice on there You think that's good sure what I escaped from New York We're got tossed out on the earth. There's some Okay, I can think of what drew you the South Florida was born here. That's my excuse 2448 Work or business 202. I don't live there. Thank God. Thank 168 the weather 155 certainly not the people 110 not my parents dragged me here 93 I escaped from Cuba, Haiti, etc. 60 marriage 51 vacation 29 Commitual mental institution 23 the beaches 18 the people 16 not the people 110 the people 16 Anybody says they came to South Florida for the people's 2016 probably went for a bitter disappointment when you think OGI I guess I'm in a mistake Open a last bet 15 a prison sentence 14 the night life five and I'm still looking for it The wildlife for and a conventional trade show now up to two maybe like that found a boyfriend Repair conventional trade show 13 17 How much do we get to make 14 if Chris and I would have really put the pedal to you know not on a Wednesday not the middle of the week, you know Too much pressure. I don't want no pressure I got no pressure coming this afternoon punching in my sheans mine searching for a good machine. Oh Nothing like your queen looking for a good machine. This is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than the eroggers They take City of state now Call They compare us, each year in chillin' them up before the fell down Now before the day that guns guns guns Up there on the streets to kill, guns guns out there on the streets to kill One more truth, you can make like green through rain Now a green through rain See the first few of you blocked this attack, so we can carry away in an oiling out the car So what if Johnny can't breathe, he can still join me in our reign Now the enemy has got guns guns guns guns They can all go each other, the way they just guns me And if they're got guns guns guns guns, I'll think on the streets to take guns guns After them's peace to kill, and I'll take it away There's a few, I don't park over there, baby, you're gonna get shot That's right, don't park in my spot, you're gonna get shot 132 of you, I am, how come we're not a dolphin camp? How come you're not a dolphin? Throw your thumb away Yeah, you're the expert on the dolphins, isn't it? I've got to see where you live, 60, at least if they had some free pizza like Chris in Or see on all about people in, that's right They were going to get breakin' back to the games, what do you say? No, any interest? No, I mean he was thinking about that, but they're right Shouldn't it burger bridges, boy, that's bad, shouldn't it burger bridges or taking those dentures out either? Not a good move, they hated him anyway Real bad, that was the real one anyway, I think you started it 560, 560, and pound 560 and the Verizon Sinking at a rifle's line to be very pleased And I got on my shirt, my pantaloonies, and my shoes Oh, right I choose, WQA and hello Hey, my home, anybody Okay, sir Hey, you're talking about the stuff I wish you diagnosed probably a little less than a year ago being diabetic type two I thought living my family, my dad's got it, my sister, both grandparents Probably doesn't help it, I'm a little lonely But I just want to turn you on to something, I give the fish oil that take the coat you can My wife is diabetic also, she looked up the stuff on the internet called Cinematic And it's a water extract of the bark of Cinematic And it's a small little white capsule, it's like take two days, one in the morning and one at night 12 hours apart And you know usually your numbers are the highest in the morning when you get off from being there That's right, that's right My shirt is coming in now about 90 Wow So something you might want to check out, they get it at the health of the store It's like 15 bucks for like 90 days Well, Cinematic is supposed to be real good for blood sugar I talked about a couple of years ago, what's up, audience? Cinematic? Cinematic, I don't know the name of the manufacturer, but I'll call you back another day When I'm home and I'll want to knock them off give it to you I'm going to Google it, thanks It's awesome Thanks a lot, paly Alright, take care of them No ice cream, man, no ice cream today, maybe tomorrow How about no milk today? Don't we have a thing on that? What is it called? A thing? Yeah, we have a bit of a milk or ice cream What is it? Which one? Milk or ice cream? I know milk today By Herman's vermin, you were just talking about Peter Newton Only a second ago No, no milk today, know something Oh, gee, I can't think of what it is You know, you're all talking about I know the real song, I don't know the big Goi, goi, goi, goi, goi, goi No, no, no, no, no Hey, Brian, what's that gay chicken that come on? Get with it He knows what it is he did it WCWM, hello On top of the smoke he's WCWM, hello Hey, Nili, fire report found up for the question A crew of four just saw a duckling He knew what he was up to there No, just today, doing one, he'll Okay, next to the point Uh, and what do you think of those fantasies man? Can't do them beautiful I could have found it if you give me a chance Yeah, why didn't we work with the balls It's not in here It's under OJ dash Oh, it's under OJ Well, why didn't you tell me that you were trying to give me a handy crash That's right I couldn't have found it Oh, yeah I'm just gonna do something bad Well, that's just no plain OJ Don't you add a little It's more like that Here's no miscellaneous So don't you just today I don't Get you to have the day Yeah, you just need to reach on the way On a busman's holiday Don't you just today So find another way Do you get you to the day No, you won't see OJ Why don't they know I want it's gonna take Now they all go Yeah, okay, and it's not really worth listening to How about that Herman's Vroom and one? Mrs Brown, you got Mrs. Lovely, you got a brown daughter Well, I should've said that, I'll sharpen his body to ring Hey, hey, hey, hey You lost no, it's free Mrs. Lovely, you got a brown daughter That's the real thing too, by the way It's really nice You've got a lovely little What a lovely idea I just want to kill you You're sharp You're sharp You're sharp, you're sharp You're a nice human That's enough More than enough, QA and hello Pay me up Yes sir Ah Did you see the more others of the game last night? No, I did not, I don't, I don't want space falcer Oh Well I don't know Yeah Pictures got to space falcab over It's face to house, it's supposed to pitch the ball Yeah, eh, eh, eh Now this boring is you, but very boring Is that I'm a 560 Now let's see That, that, that, that, what it was That's only we just planned, don't tell me I'm a happy VA so now I'm going There they go, yeah Perman's Berman Well see, I've played all these When I was a district here, 100 years ago By the way, Brandon tells me that Kelly Craig and Bob Mayor are both still on, but at times Everybody's asleep, you know Now that's the way they do it over there Channel 6 and Channel 4, hello Channel 4 who'd held those who they got on here They still got that laughing high in on there in Channel 4 Angel array No, he's gone the long time ago Is she no she, but wait a minute, you see you don't understand She left and then she came back again And then she's gone again And she's gone again Yes Well that's some good news No wonder everybody seems to be really good mood WQAM hello Not there QAM hello Hey, who's your favorite soccer team, Neil? Whichever word I'd boil, Christiana and I was playing a floor That's my favorite soccer team, schmuck How many QAM hello? Neily, happy one Happy one And back to you I'll be going today I think that's your bandana, we'll be introducing it over here in Palmello Yesterday? Do you report on that? No Oh man, it was terrible, you know, I just thought, uh, I definitely should notify you You're negative thoughts on software Negative thoughts about software, I have no other those Go ahead All right, we have an idea Okay, thanks Oh, he wasn't going to tell me what it was, he just did that was demigods I guess I I guess that would require a little bit too much verbal intercourse from actually explain to me what happens Since I told him I didn't know what they'll happen But they have a nice day Well, I was present anyway, not very interesting but very present WQAM hello Let me go, you have a good mind B-B-Current man WQAM hello Yeah, I was fine for Neil Rogers I was like to explain Truly what diabetes is And Oh, you're too boring man, there's no way he talked to you Okay Okay Okay Okay Okay Holy moly, man, I'd like to explain what diabetes is Now I'm going to go through a whole medical thing Oh my god To call up Dave Ann boring and home give you a little bit of an anti-libration Rosie O'Donnell stars as a retard And writing on the muscle with my sister to the subway where I've been for change All right, I have come you know this I'm a retard over here From what's it, can't in the box Who ain't no retard? I sure I am Oh, I'm like a... He got a pedal loaded at sea I hate this place Nothing works here I've been standing here for seven years The medications don't work When I grow up I'm going to look just like that And protect the places. Then people forget who I am Some black dials still in my act Rosie O'Donnell Hey look how I've read your agency Oh, I'm a retard at sea Oh, oh, oh, oh Who, dear and who would? In writing on the muscle with my sister to the subway where I've been for change You should be my look I'm very shiver Just to psych the feeding tool Oh, oh, oh, oh my god I'm going to have an alcohol Yeah I hate this place Nothing works here The medicalians don't work. I've been here for seven years nothing works here. I hate this place Nothing works here the medications don't work. I've been here for seven years. I hate this place Not the work here. I was inspired to play that because the original is always better than me or whatever Yeah, I just want me here. Okay 1348 votes. You know something we definitely would have made 14 hundred with a little push with our friends But who cares? I mean wouldn't have been you know no fine. I don't think we've put on there escape from New York Did we I don't know did we I don't see it the Chris put on a who's supposed to be put on right Chris? Chris Chris Chris screwed up normal can't What what what is that? Why are you sending me these silly messages normal? Why are you sending me this crap? His brain cats can post-ponderle tomorrow because his mom got brought to the emergency room so we have to go check on her Oh, I didn't see that part well. That's bad. I hope mom's okay normal Wow, he's got he's got issues. I guess But in the middle of my show I need to get that I mean we might have been better at woodbind to get something to be pressing like that But that's normal. He can be very depressing you know Mom had to be taken to emergency and normal has got his brain fell out all the stuff going on not good 1346. What was I doing about escaping from New York? I was doing the show before this thing buzzed in my pocket God I'm sitting here. I've got in my shirt pocket and I'm like hunched against the account right against the edge of this table this counter And we're gonna put that on there or not Chris. I'm not a one like you're sorry. I've heard from me. How are they? It's on there. How let me let me refresh and just I don't want to like doubt be a doubting Thomas I escaped from New York. Isn't that any 1353 we'd made 14 easy trust me when I tell you WQAM hello WQAM hello Hello, me. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you going? Okay? All right I know it's wood by wood by Wednesday for you and I work over here at Marty Grow racetrack and gaming Yes, and we get these in Vegas inside our gaming magazines And I'm a total part of our report and it says that if you are gonna gamble on the on the flop machines to get on the five dollar ones because they pay out at a higher rate Start it give you a little That is correct. That's true, but you also if you get a bad machine or two you lose a how you lose your asthma's faster I see everybody in here losing their ass so Take care of you. I'll get that. Thanks, Pauline and wish me good luck to sir. Oh, he's already gone Wish me good luck. Say I hope you find a good machine, man No, he's right the five dollar the higher denomination and what you play the greater the return But of course also the greater the loss much faster You follow what I'm saying what he said It's just I mean I play most in a while and usually I do fairly good pretty good But it's not as good as you know if you're gonna go all the way out there. He's about half our each way for me and slip all the way out You want to kill some good time, you know you want to sit around get a little something for your money The lender payment for your losing your ass Five dollar machine you can lose two granted about 20 minutes now is that up your alley Sally Not up my alley either okay. Here's though. That's another story. He could handle it 5 670 560 pound 560 leave a rise in singular wireless line. I will say this number Why don't see the world coming to win in like the opponents of Slots predicted and number two. I don't hear very much about it Because it's a dead ass town, you know anywhere also be like excitement in the area You could feel the good vibrations, but I was just there last weekend. I didn't feel nothing You know Very seriously something something needs to be done about that one not free it about any the other ones There's something needs to be done about that one I'd love to do it. Okay. You run the case. I'm gonna be QAM hello Hey, you know how they don't buddy. Okay, sir Hey, this is the quarter-slot guy. I've done that call and talked about that I am calling the wish you Good luck on your wood vine wins. I don't keep finding good machine mine And also I like to ask your opinion What do you think about Joe Rose come back to kill him? Take over the to ten slides come over. Who said your rush is coming back to QAM? Well, he's got a He's got a concept we know coming up in September and and find fine birds The kill ends that double his salary or you didn't wait for the ticket Yeah, so I think he should come back and dig over the borrowing mocho If he had eight to ten because they're killing your ratings as a station sounds like I'm planning to make sure Alpha from your ears to gods of mouth Is that how that thing works that I'll say from your ass? I said you're low something like that five six seven oh five sixty. I haven't heard that of you What That rumor pound five sixty under the rise in singular wireless line Everything I want you people to understand everything this business is always a big Secret don't you understand that it's a big secret I'll see with his very important facts Billy go to his back on here he says yesterday I seen Oh Billy go I seen a special on Brady Quinn He said 20 minutes before every game he drinks syrup a lot of third of the bottle He's been doing that since p. We football so we just kept doing it so I guess if you want to get close to his heart You got to do with oh, that's bad not funny not funny Billy go very bad Let's see what do you think oh his opposing dish on the yeah, no, I'm not that there's you know This is weak. This is the same person I believe we've seen in that fine polio yesterday and now is like you know Don't try to overdo it okay if it first you know if it first you succeed just that pull we had about the people over Estimating their building out of you and here's the same person you sense it's a bad one What's your take on two M's recent acquisition of the rights so the it's just and what's the pun in that? We care what their opinion is about two M's right so the I just I don't know Like what's your opinion on the air quality? They're just terminal so I think I'd rather talk to the guy about diabetes that called before that coma inducing guy I bet that was Dave and boring doing a voice Try to get even 1350 ad votes on our award winning pool and I escaped from New York still is never any maybe it wasn't such a great idea Or maybe the 1300 of those 1350 it would have said that you think possible W2Q a M hello Neil yes sir I just kept her eating and German chocolate blizzard a dairy queen if you ever had one of those now It's great if we're dying for is it Have another one have another one WQ a and hello Yes, sir. I was just wondering if you had the inside pics on the Derby I'm failing new listener. I didn't know if you I know you got a woodbind all the time I didn't know I don't want you that crap, but they've jansible becoming next Friday And every year we talk about the derby and we pick and I'll do a little homework on I have no idea Okay, thanks just let me take it one thing, okay? Remember I thought it was so full and as money are soon parted Good luck, pal. True, it's a true thing I've retooled you people out there are full and as money are soon parted when you make it a big bucks like some of us Okay, like oh god right then you can go out there and punch your guts out have a little bit of fun But when you're a slipper like Chris or George for example keep it close keep it in your wallet Keep that baby closed. That means stay single I'm just that's just my best advice you. I'm not talking not not to go and punch your guts out But just do it very lightly play the nickels man play the pennies play the two penny machine What's that kind of the book Kentucky Derby? I have no idea it's gambling gambling is gambling And all the voices of doom and gloom all those evil one-eyed bandits the world's gonna come to an end and the mafia and a crime and the Murder and mayhemia right all the all the nonsense from the Sun Sentinel and the hero of all these other goodie two shoes And these right-wing jackballs man like fat as Jeb Bush At least now you got a good gate governor in there. That's what you need is somebody cool That's what you need a white-haired mighty cool. I saw him on the news over the weekend I just I want to bird out laughing every time I saw her you know Like she's like she's really fooling somebody hey Charlie all I can say is you fairies You I dropped in there and it was in the bag. I don't know man. Oh, how about the specgers going to mark? Oh, you know what I'm going to do? You don't want to know what I'm going to do. You want to know what I'm going to do? So, let's start eating. Let's eat. We need no man now. No, no, no, no. That one left still no now. People start coming in, eating. You're going to get all the people. Oh, crap. They all are all in the house and the backers here. Poor, didn't I, Miss? I went from the head to the pub. They're traveling with your famous soda. I thought I was going to eat that one. No, no, no, no. I'm going to get it. I don't want to get it. I don't want to get it. I don't want to get it. I really can feel the taste. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Andy. Andy. But no. I think you're better. I'm going to go with a lawyer. Bye, bye, bye. The biggest names of this pellet. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. That's your whole. So, my Emmy doves and is football. I think it's a special sports video. 5, 60, WQAM. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. My Emmy. For the latter day. Don't regret that. It's a pretty mom. It's a pretty mom. It's a very easy. I'm going to quit. I'm going to quit. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. It looks just 29, 99, or a huge bouquet of 32 looks for just $10 more than 39, 99. Plus, a free glass makes. But only be used my name, Kenny, when you order. Pro-flowers, colorful 2 looks are amazing. It's sent a free of mind. Your mother and mother liked to hold you. But order today to ensure your mother's day delivered. Pro-flowers, the only way I recommend sending flowers from Mother's Day. You know, they're sent fresh from the fields. So they're guaranteed to lack at least seven days. Do me a favor. With these two looks are any other radio specials. Here's what I want you to do. Go to pro-flowers.com before you do anything else. Click on the radio microphone in the upper right hand corner and type in my first and Kenny Katie and in what? That's pro-flowers.com. We'll call 1,800 pro-flowers. It's 1,800 PR-0flowers. And be sure to use my name, Kenny, K-E-N-N-Y. That's pro-flowers.com. Tell us how small business simplifies your voice data and network experience. So you can stay focused on what's important to you. Tell us how far is the ease of one stop shopping, reliability, and stability. All on the services your business needs. All on one bill. With significant savings. You will have the expertise on your side. Without a bell sound small business experts. Bell sound small business will work closely with you to quickly create solutions that are right for your small business. Call Bell sound now at 86497save or go to BellSouth.com. So when you're ready to get everything you need from one company, just go with Bell Sound, listening and answering. So biggest needs. The best talent is the big online 12-secary morning, 5-7s, 4-20-560, Q-A-M. Bego here for the finest beer in the business. President, they imported beer and listened for years. I've been telling you about my favorite beer. President, they, the finest beer in the business. Well, now I want to talk to you about the best light beer in the business. President, they light. The tradition continues. President, they light is a smooth tasting beer with lots of character. It's the way light beer should taste. Smooth, bold, and with the character you've come to expect from President, let's face it folks. The beer industry. It's full of water down light beers. But President, they light is a full body light beer. So on your way home today, stop by the supermarket and treat your friends, family. And how about yourself to the finest light beer in the business? President, they light the full body light beer. What an amazing combination. The choice is yours. President, they, and President, they light. It's the Big O's choice. It's the best choice. President, they, or President, they light. Mercedes-Benz on Heading your cake and eating it too. Or, how to enjoy the efficiency of a diesel without sacrificing power. Introducing, CDI technology. Every Mercedes-Benz CDI engine employs fuel-efficient diesel engineering that incorporates a common rail direct injection system. This combined with a turbocharger that boosts torque ensures every CDI diesel engine delivers both fuel efficiency and impressive power. So now you can have your cake and eat it too. Just don't drive, have cake and eat it too. That would be dangerous. See your authorized dealer to test drive the powerful 2007 M0320 CDI starting with 44455. Just one of the Mercedes-Benz family of CDI diesel SUVs, Mercedes-Benz The CDI industry is doing optimizations of our car. The CDI company in the city is a little bit more than a lot of available in these states. MSRP and the truth is all of us in the past several decisions. And give up our options on the level of the natural deal price and down easy to do for D-Counts. For a test drive, visit any of the six South Florida Mercedes-Benz dealers or visit us on the web at mbsauflora.com. Don't sell small business simplifies your voice data and network experience. So you can stay focused on your business. So when you're ready to get everything you need from one company, you can just go with Bell South listening answering. The best talent in CDI in Bowling Morning Show. We date 7 to 10, sports radio 560, QA. Sorry, I'm out here with Jim Crawford, the three men. And the music is sweet always is when the tree is on the scene. And the back-to-home base of course is Captain Curtis Stevenson. Ten balledon on the updates and Duky Lang. Also contributes each and every day. It is draft week. Thank God. I'm very thankful that it is draft week because because if this were not draft week, we'd be doing three hours of we-suck radio. Right? Always nice to have a sense of hope and a sense of nooness. And day it would be all gloom and doom after the heat's loss. And after the heat leaves Chicago down to nothing. You think the Chicago balls will be bringing their brooms down to Miami? Is that a possibility? They looked awfully good. So our number one story today. I'm pretty sure we'll be the retro-spective. Looking back at last night's game, the heat and balls. And they're looking at both games, in fact. And number two, I think we'll be pretty dolphin-draft intensive and pretty NFL-draft-intensive. You think the heat might consider getting younger pretty soon? Captain Curtis Stevenson. Captain Curtis Stevenson. Captain Curtis Stevenson. Captain Curtis Stevenson. I was just thinking about that conversation with our five different people last night watching that game. And also apparent how old they look. And you look at how they did younger especially in the back court. But I'm not given up on this team yet. When they come home, I expect to see a different level of intensity. And I think they're going to go back to Chicago. This thing was going six or seven regardless if the balls were up to or not. Something everybody needs to keep in mind. And of course sports talk and shows like this are not renowned for their perspective. I mean, it's all about now and the emotion. I essentially all Chicago did was hold serve. That's it. Yeah, the one the games are supposed to win. I mean, they were the favorite. They held home court. The same is what. The series is not starting until a road team wins a game. So as bad as bleak as it walks, we all know it just takes one game to turn it around. Think the Dallas-Mafric series a year ago. Just one game. And that's what Miami's got to do. They've got to win this next game. And then, and then a whole-thumb court, and then make it a four-game series. But honestly, things look pretty awful. I am not a rosy optimist. I have not been all season long. I haven't been going into the playoffs. And this isn't a question of the day. The question of the day I'll be about to draft. But where are you right now with the heat? Are you on the bandwagon or off? We'll be taking names. We'll have some accountability. We'll be writing it down. And if you're dropping off the bandwagon, that's fine. Then you're off.