Very king and they don't come any better than Neil Rodger. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit scared. I didn't notice a very kind stabbing asleep. I wasn't scared but I'm scared. I may not remember the teacher. I still feel plain emotionally leaning back. Oh, myi. You can see how the guests and our fellow performers were, They are doing because they were the best being. Considering the were really active artists, But the officers were EXCOATIONs. These were audience members. They were the smartest online... and they were interested to put their hearts down to how they could be. I'm a little bit scared. I want to kiss her, but she won't let me. Huh? I want to whisper, sweet nothing's in the rear. Back to me. There are a whole over me. Back to me. I want to kiss her, but she won't let me. Hey, man, I missed the button at the top. Well, quite well. She's a train, but that's all she is. She's the one who's in the middle of the night. And we shared our tales. Back to me. But as my heart flies away from behind. Back to me. Regretts. Our whole mind goes out. We've got you back here. In the end. Back to me. I want to kiss her, but... Back to me. Back to me. I want to kiss her, but... I want to whisper, sweet nothing's in the rear. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. I want to hold her tonight. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. I want to kiss her, but... Back to me. I want to kiss her, but... How do you know that? Now, what is it about that word? Because everybody's so weak. I've wrecked them. What is the big deal with that word? I don't know. I mean, that's one of the words we can still say. There's Rob Marciano on CNN. He's got a twig or something branch. He's got... Wait, see, see where he's going to stick it. Back to me. Not in the mug. Rob Marciano on CNN. That's bad. Anyway, don't get me started now. You're an Ojo on for Bucketool. I hope you're going to start. I can smell it. Who may have ignoring you completely? Good. Excellent. So yesterday, I must confess I can't tell a lie. I could lie just to piss Chris off. I broke my... Resolution, whatever. I had sugar fast. Damn. I had her Hershey's almonds and Tafia candy bar. Just one. So I had to eat the Ono. So I'll talk to Ono. But it was good. And, you know, to prove how a diffive this stuff is when you... And it's a damn good thing. I only ate the one when I came back in the house. Because if I would've eaten it like coming across the street from the market, I would've gone... Turn around and gone back at three more. So that business that we're saying before the show to me about you're not sure if it's actually a physical thing or if it's mental or... It's physical. It's a physiological thing, man. When it hits your taste buds, it's similar... It's similar... Like with me, I don't know about anybody else. With me, I can go like hours and hours eat nothing. I'm not hungry at all. And then I'll have like anything. Even bacon, even something that's not curbs. And all of a sudden, it stimulates my appetite and I become voracious. I mean, I'm hungry as a wild man. Mines your mind, you're baby. That's just the way it is. So you continue convincing yourself that it's only psychological and that we're all weak. And then they can't do it. It's a different way. It's a different way. It's a different way. Stay alive. Let's keep the fat people alive. That's our goal. You've got a chemical, take control of your body. Yeah. You're totally your target. Yeah. What's that? We each have... We each have... That's a whole... Well, there you go. Different substances for different folks. That's right. By the way, I apologize too many rectumns in the beginning of the show. But I figured why not? I don't really need too many. I guess not. I mean, there's so many A-holes running around and loose anyway. So why not? All the rectumns all the time. What's that voice mail where the guy says, erectum? No, no, I'm talking about that. That real sour old... Oh, yeah, here it is. You're right. You said things are perfect, it's an example of queer. What is this carbon-free? You show... Or he's ugly. He's a... He's a... What rectum? Every five minutes. That's ready. He's never going to get past... And I'll remember to... Are you just because that... The time and the people that he's always complaining about are the only fools... That was on the next lemma day. Eventually his reign will come so low. You'll have to read just this rectum. Oh, well, hey, he was... He was pretending with that. And yeah. Your readings are so low. That's right, they are pretty bad. They're pretty weak. But you know something? That's five, five is still a high-spirited number of mistakes. And despite what some people are going through sugar withdrawals of an... One, two, uh, high-pipered glycemic of fits are battling around a building who can't read the numbers. See, you know, one thing about me, you know this. When you're talking about statistics, and it's like, it's like in sports. You know, you're batting every Jew or whatever it is. You're one lost record. You can't lie about it because it's right there. It's in print. It's available. People can look it up and there it is. And oh, Jesus, he was lying about that. So I... I mean, I'm not saying I wouldn't ever lie about anything. I'm not sure it's how it would. But not about numbers. One thing about ratings, either you've got them or you don't. And let me also say one other thing. A rating book means very little because knowing how the diaries go and how we get these wired diaries and skewered in two or three families and there's like three or four people put down. Oh, we listen to the soul and so every day, every minute of the day, or a substance sensation. Every day, it reminds me when I was, I told it this story before. It's really classic. W-R-H-C, which was a daytime Spanish language radio station. I don't know if they're still any daytimeers on the R&A, the must be somewhere out of a college station. But in other words, it was on from sunrise to sunset. And of course, that changes every month depending on the time of the year. So they would sign off, like saying the winter time at five or five, 30 and evening. And the holios who would get the diaries, they would put down Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, and they would put down, they were listening all the way till midnight. Every day, the only problem is the station when we sign off the R5, 30 or six o'clock at night. So if anybody had any doubts that there was such a thing as wired, phony diaries, that's just the way it works. And sometimes we get to benefit of it. Sometimes we get screwed. That's just the way it works. So taking one month or one book and saying, oh look, we got a story. We got a case that that's below me. That's be only man. I just mentioned that in passing, for all these instant experts who can't, who's blood sugar, so I'm like, they have a hand when we write numbers. And of course, when you don't have any, it's kind of hard to talk about them. Anyway, Hershey's almonds and toffee, so you didn't stop me there. You didn't interrupt. Stop. On my own, at Carmel, I don't know anything about French. In Canada, like I've told you before, every product that has a label on it, must label must be bilingual. And bisexual. Yes. It must be an English and in French. And I don't know, no, from a say. I mean, I know maybe La Plume de Matante, probably from a say, comment à la bouille, à Mouille bien, merci. Yeah. No, not Mouille bien. That's Spanish. What do you say? Huh? What do you say? What? Who it means? Yeah. I don't know. Is it going to be in Spanish? Yes. I don't know. Right. And that's a French good as bon bon bon bonjour. No, bonjour. Bonjour. It's all the same crap. I can't all these people speaking, which make it easy for us. Right. Exactly. We're so lazy. We don't want to learn that. Well, I did learn a lot of the language and it was English. So if I can do it, anybody can't. Now, I agree with that. Amos e carma. Shogalat, a la, a la, a cremeau, a vec. A vec, I know means with. See this another word I know. A vec. From the hockey games, I just listened to in French. A vec. With rene la cavier. From what we're all. Oh, God. I just don't get me started on the French. And then at the bottom here, I could read the contents in English and in French. I think that's what we ought to do is make everybody in South Florida learn from say. Because when the fries come down from Montreal from Quebec, in a season, then you can get all cozy with them, you know, with their speedoes and all other crafts. Oh, God. Yeah. The exact one is disgusting. Nasty. Cheap. Probably we'll go. Probably we'll get lost. That's the best thing to tell the frogs when they come to Danyan and the halandale. Places like that. And Hollywood probably probably not far from where you're hanging out. Right? Just sending back to Quebec. We don't have a lot of frogs here in Ontario. Thank God. I don't think they're allowed when you come right there. Except maybe in Ottawa. See, Ottawa is right there. I think on a fringe between Ontario and Quebec, between the provinces, so even though it's the capital of Ontario, it never less is about plenty of frogs. Probably we, uh, yeah. It just goes with the territory. Oh, guess who died Diego Carela speaking of, uh, Julios? I have no idea who he was. But he's dead. He's a former World Champion boxer with square one of the most memorable knockouts in boxing history. He died yesterday in a three-day of the Eclacin and his Las Vegas home. Did I mention it? It's wood bind Tuesday and we're never wood bind Thursday not on the yard. Did I? Well, it is. You have a gambling problem. Yeah. No, you've got a mind-you-all business problem. Anybody who would call me and tell me that. Mind-you-all business. I have no gambling problem. But, you know, we got a, every five minutes. There's some other yenta out there telling us all how to live our lives. That's one thing I can, that's the worst thing about the condo commandos. They can't mind-you-all business. Mason says they have no business. I have no life. Right. So they've got a mind-you-all business. Sticking their nose in your business. Sticking their nose in your rectum. And not like in the odor, either. Probably not. Coralis was driving a 2007 Suzuki 1000 motorcycle traveling northbound on Fort Apache Road in the Southwest part of Vegas when it inexplicably struck the back of the 97 Honda Accord. Los Vegas police spokesman Sargent Tracy McDonald said inexplicably. McDonald said the motorcycle commended in the southbound lane at some point he was tossed off the bike. A 2004 Mercedes-Benz traveling in the southbound lane was unable to break in time. McDonald said the driver was not identified. Was unable to avoid striking the motorcycle and possibly the operator of the motorcycle also. Diego Coralis lived in an ex-games lifestyle. His promoter Gary Shaw said he was a true warrior. He did everything hard and fast. He loved anything with extreme. And now he died in extreme. Deth. He died in extreme death. And his motorcycle was only 29. And he probably wasn't even fat. I'm sure he wasn't. I'm sorry. Keep saying that to try to get the Chris under. So I cheated on the thing. But you know something? So I didn't have beat myself up about it. And my blood sugar is nice and low this morning. I'm still alive and I sound like me. I sound like I feel great. I'm ready for a big wood buying Tuesday. Wood buying Thursday. Because we get out of here. By the way, did somebody straighten clearance out on the ball game time and give him a spanking. Yeah, I told him he said hello. What did he say? What did I like to know what he said? He said, yeah, I know about that. I'm taking care of it. He's taking care of it. Yeah, I mean, he's taking care of it. Yeah, I mean, he's taking care of it. He's taking care of it. So many things to get out of the old. One of the things to do with the one of the colors things. A stick. No, not a stick. A swastik. A swastik. A swastik. A swastik. They need to get out of the swastik. And beat his ass. I mean, his, uh, boom. That clearance. Can't even get the name ball games on. I mean, come on clearance. Where do you please? We got the one day at the, we get out of here at 1130. That's probably why he's upset. Now, if we had a UN basketball game on it, he was on. Then he'd be all excited about it. Oh, yeah, hoops. We got Caine's hoops. I think we got some track that from the ratings from whatever I know in the winter book. Subtract those two days. Please. It's all you clearance. Thank you. I mean, if we had anything more than a, oh, I'd be shocked on those two days. But nevertheless, a mad dog also got the hammered with that, too. He got hammered with it. I'm going to have to afford a five hour. Whose idea was that, by the way? Oh, good. So good. Eating your percoling in the Sheriff's Pro toilet paper abuse online, Please, to be recycled in your T.P. You know, if he does have two sides, if you are wanting to repart someone using two or toilet papers whereas we're going for two kids. Please, the pressing one. If someone is using three squares of T.P. Please, the pressing three. And if you are knowing someone who is so ecologically irresponsible has to be using modern three squares. Someone who thinks is for two kids doesn't think they are the way a serious better go problem with them. What is wrong with you people? In my country, we don't even have to have a paper. We don't even have toilets. Or we have a nice stick in a ordinary crown vehicle. Packers done. The shame of your reception should be. Thank you, Barcolic. How tell you who knows their T.P. man, you know who it is? No, the engines. They know from T.P. believe me. Yeah, I think they are, I was thinking about that yesterday. I was thinking that if there was a God, nobody would ever have screaming diarrhea. What if it's a cruel God? What if you think of this God? This God man invented his a sadistic bastard like the people invented him. Sure. A sadist of the worst kind. That's why he's always getting pissed off. And we got the planes. We got the, we got the bubonic plague. And we got the locus. And we got the floods and people are drowning and dying over here. And he just gets pissed off. His wrath wax is on. Even though he's supposed to be perfect, you know? Hot wax. How so wax was in surprise. And then we made that too. And I have no idea. They remake everything. They have no imagination. What is wrong with these people? They remade. That would be a good poll. We've done it before. But I'd do like that. The worst remade that the most needless remake is the word. We make movie. Sure. Like. Right. I'll keep it here. Uh-huh. All of these, uh... Oh, it's a good game. I think. Joe, it has before dying. Yeah. Robber Wagner was really good. Well he. Well, I don't want to go into it. It's two. Yea. Yeah. Hehehe. Is they saying Paris, gay and Vec? OK. Let's take a look at the, uh, let's not start with that french stuff. OK. Let's try to have at least one station in the market where somebody's speak it English. Speak it English. We got a new deal now, it started yesterday. We got colors calling in and that's fun. You'll let's do something. That's how bad things are getting in South Florida. Even on the English language radio station, maybe that's what we ought to try to do. By sexual and bilingual. Sure, work for K-Pasta USA. K-Pasta USA, that's my buddy. And Raki Asevalio, K-Ase Stephen Vauer. We call the show K-Pasta on your Rogers. Neorohias. Neorohias. Mr. Oyer. The Postmaster is not supposed to give his opinion. Yeah. Those are the next email. Yeah. That's an actual call. For example, K-Pasta. Some old Kulia Tabitch. Mr. Oyer. Mr. Oyer. That's supposed to give his opinion. Oh. I said, I got an opinion on how he up your his bitch. Get lost. What's the best thing it lays given the world? And you know, I got a very hostile email on my face about that saying, Leonardo da Vinci wasn't good enough. I think Larry was the guy's name. Whatever. What? And the only way back is we're coming in. You know, it's stuff we forgot. It's just for fun. It's just, I mean, these people, oh, you could all rip up about the poll. No, we don't. We don't give a flying fart about it. How do you like that? And if we did, you guys would get pretty pissed off about that about flying Farts. Especially if they fly on the air. And he also said, how about Leo to Caprio? And I just message him back. I said, no, Leo's a lot. And I kind of like, uh, was a catcher. You know, it took care of all that business. No, Leo to Vinci. No, Leo to Caprio. I always think of them in the same, you know. Oh, yeah. What's the best thing it lays given the world? 1341 votes. Great food. 499. I mean, nothing even close. Mind your mind. You know, one thing, you'll find some people don't like Chinks, Chinese food and some people don't like, um, you know, various kinds of food. See food. But is the, do you ever met anybody who doesn't like a Thai in food? Um, they can think and think and know. Chris? No. It's just I never heard of any such person. Anybody out there who doesn't like a Thai in food. First of all, what's not to like, to make a sauce and cheese? Pasta pizza. Right. Vita. Oh, for me. All these things. Oh, Leo 499. Oh, yeah. Vita. Oh, yeah. Vita. Oh, yeah. Vita. So, feel around 165. Speaking of lessious things. So, the head was, would say, uh, on you head was out there. Feeding early, Kristen's lines, 159. And they did a very poor job of it, which is why we have so many Goiam in the world today. The Renaissance on with 13, the mafia 91 should have been much higher than that. The mafia only 91. And the other, some people would say, oh, the mafia is something bad. It's a good thing. Take the car. It's even the mafia like their good food. Man, they love it. Man, you're a man. Man, you're a man. Man, you're a man. Man, you're a man. Man, you're a little supper. The woman Empire 58. Michael Angelone is our, hey, Michael. You're fair, angelone, 45. Awesome ancient ruins, 45. Next time you go to Rome, George, you're going to really be impressed when you go to Ilkool. Say it. Wait. I mean, it's really a shame. I don't think that anybody, this is the problem with the so many Perocule people in South Florida who don't have one of Pasaportes and don't go any more a dime or a dime to go there. Well, no, hitchhike. Can't talk across the area. Yeah, yeah. Alfred Hitchcock. There's a, there's a flotill, even about two of this afternoon. Or a tachy tube. I'll be on a way to wood vine. You can be on a way to Italia. Man, jamon. Joggy, all the good that tried to re-est to try out. Mm. Galileo 44, he didn't know squat. That's what the Pope used to say. And then the Pope said, well, I changed my mind. Changed my pantalumi, he's not changed by my mind. He never changed those red slippers though. I tend to that. He won't even a shoved him around there. The slob on the slab. They shoved him around the other's little tiny red slippers. I'm just like a real thing. You're fair, we. Fag. Surgery only. Spaghetti Western's 37. See there's spaghetti even in a movie. See, yeah, everywhere you look with it, Lee. It's food. We left out can only when we were resetting all the great Italian food. Canolees and pens, octis and all that stuff. Christopher Columbus 15. Is that the good to bed in the new Rogers? Yeah. That's what it is. Since you mentioned spaghetti Western. I don't know. Jesus 14 as in Jesus Christ. A beautiful language. See, you know, Charlie, this pool wasn't that bad actually, but I mean, a beautiful language. Words like a revenerchi. What's beautiful about that word? Is that a beautiful word? It's actually a very hard word. It's got the hard sea and air tea. A revenerchi. See, cheap. Travelling. And Roman numels 11. That's another stupid one. What's the big cinnest with Roman numels? I think it's a regular number. It's probably the right number of letters. Fine opera 11. Right wing pastardo is like Mussolini and Bertisconi. 9. Taverotees six. So I love saying that. Taverotees. Really roll your arms on that. You get like a real buzz on that. Taverotees. Just keep trying it. Everybody would be taverote. Oh, and Julia sees her only five. He's filled it. He was betrayed. Just like we've been betrayed here at WQAM. You know, I mean, betrayed by Post-personal fat friend. That was, no, it's not a big deal. Just a lot of people with big mouths and big pups and, you know, when your blood sugar gets to be over 700, you start modeling around saying a lot of really stupid things. Then people come into our studio early in the morning before the show and maybe repeat those things. And we get very, uh, ornary and hostile. And we start, you know, going, I'm going on a offensive on the attack. I'm talking about. No, seriously, we need to have a campaign to keep him, we're supposed to take him and keep him alive. I didn't see Hank on the a dirty thing on the SPN on Friday or Saturday, but we had a spary report from your friend Joe. And he said, he said, he said, Oh, my God. We need to do something. You need, I think what you need to do is shackle him, huh? I was just going to say, because that's the only thing that we didn't do to the, uh, the other friends or family members. He just can't control, yeah. Lock them in a dungeon, someone. But don't Crawford did with their kid. You know, he tied, you know, behind the back and back kind of thing. Although, even with that people, they could open a refrigerator. Of course, he doesn't have any food refrigerator. It will be kind of embarrassing. If you want to rest around with your hands, tie behind your back and eat off the plate with just, you know, with your head, like, not wooden. I guess you're right. Where there's a will, there's only a. You walk alive for a section. Here's the story of a football family that you can't win. You nail a lot of girls. You can give your lady goals. Or some diamonds. Who would don't believe your girl? If it's story of that Tom Brady, who was busy giving every girl upon. Then one of them said, he'll be a father. But she was not all alone. Then came one day when Tom Brady went to cowboy. And he knew too many time and said, I've been touched. Now he's just months away from a football family. And great-naked when they wrote a Brady joke. A Brady joke. Tom Brady's fun. Think I've paid it. And all of them got five Brady's fun. He's got the power that Tommy Boy. It's 1031 at 560WQA. We have 864 votes on our current poll. You know what I'm going to do? I said, what I'm going to do? Tell me. I'm sure that's what Jimmy D'Rrande used to say. I'm going to say, you want me to do what I'm going to do? I think I was sent maybe not. Probably not. But then again, that's 100 years ago when who they're other than chicken. I could also remember that. Maybe he'll let us send you message and say, I was Jimmy D'Rrande. Incidentally, I could do. We'll see a town or what? No. Right place, right time. And now he's dead. 864 votes. And what I'm going to do is when we get to a thousand. I'm going to change the poll because thanks to Fed Erick, who has read. Erick's been doing a stellar job lately. I appreciate you. I appreciate you. Even though I've your origin. Chris, don't. Hey, now. I can't say it anymore, but I appreciate you. Cuteest baby face fat man. What about Erick? There's another one while we're trying to save Chris's life over here. Well, is he still fan of it? Erick, I don't know. He doesn't wake up in a minute. How does he go? Wait, 500 pounds. He doesn't. He doesn't. He's not an ounce over 480. And what do you think the Humper is going to weigh in in on that meat scale? Eight hundred sixty eight votes. Well, I get to a thousand. I'm going to change the poll and you won't even have to worry about it. Because when I started to say, Erick's already got to do one up there. And I like to do one very, very, very much. The current one here, which I'm just getting to finally right now. It's not so good. You probably like it. I do like it. Let me say maybe I do. He like it. Maybe I do. Be honest. Are you an online music pirate? That's the full question. Charlie B sent us a new bunch of polls today. I already threw two of my, the out of the three I smith can to him. Charlie, you're really falling off the wagon on these polls, man. And we not that we don't appreciate your very fine efforts. But it's important. We don't want to have to do stuff that sounds a little bit too much like work. Especially with my summer schedule kind of very soon. Oh. Eight sixty eight. Be honest, are you an online music pirate? Never was for 114. Never was. That was me. I voted for that. Yes, but who was in 131? Not anymore 115. Probably a lot of people got a scared. They used to but now they're a scared because they're right about all their friends getting, you know, fine and going off, being let off and shackles and stuff. What is this switch? Is this switch like a thing from a bush? It's a it's a thin flexible branch from a bush. Yeah. What's on that? What's your thing from a bush on it? My space page yesterday. Oh, scary. Yeah. Oh, let me don't let me forget about the queen and the George W. Yeah. She is such an uptight nasty, right? Oh, yeah. Even even when I'm like sympathizing with him, which is almost impossible for me, but I'm thinking, you know, at least he came up with a clever line and a little bit of a comeback and try to cover up his usual gas. We'll get to that. Not anymore 115 on stealing those music pirate. I always paid it out loud music 62. Yes, but I see it as getting back at the greedy recording industry and it's artists 59. What kind of a rationalization is that, you know? There's nothing worse than people who do grotesque things than and then they rationalize their, uh, abrant behavior. But if I don't care, if it does threaten the future, the music in this 55, well, at least they're being honest, right? They're just thieves. That's all in the, don't give a crap. Yes, but I feel so to guilty doing it 25. And this one, which I don't even really understand it. Come on now. I prefer to still use it for five finger discount way. Eight. Now, the word just stealing. Let's see what's the deal with the CD. Right. But this count way. That's five finger discount means shoplifting, you know. Five finger discount means shoplifting. Yeah. Five fingers on a hand. Well, we'll diagram it. I'll draw your picture. Oh man. Put my hand on a piece of paper and trace the out one. Something every day I'm going to show this Chris man. He is about as informative as it gets. How to help him. We avoid a 45 sure when we got a guy like Chris to inform me. Five fingers on a hand. I'm going to point how you've been around for 60 years and never heard of it. Because of my old days, they didn't have that. I never heard that before five finger discount. When you're old, you don't say up to date on the on the current slang, you know. Yeah, and on your, yeah, the old fart. Don't stay up to date on the record. I don't know if you still say it. How the hub a hub a hub a hub a hub a hub a hub a hub a hub a hub a That's right. Okay. And that's the schiziest. That you and once in a while will say. I'm not a mom. I'm not a mom. That too. Eight hundred seventy five ohs. I'm not considered to be a very marginal postal. Let's get up to a thousand and we can get it out of there. Look at this phone so far today. Boy, it's pretty quiet. Yesterday was really quiet. I think you know what's happening now. I think it's the post post mortem. Yeah. No, seriously, because a paceoff and pan and let's see. The other one and Easter are gone. And I think people are not now. It's going to be 120 degrees in the shade. People are winning down. They're starting to bail out. Cool last night. It was all the cold. Let me see. Nice again today. This is the time of the year. Beautiful here, man. It is so beautiful. The sunny shining. We're getting those nice spring days. You know what I mean? The early part of the spring. We're stuck in the L. Let's see. It's already 66 going to be seventy seven. Hmm. Today. And you know what seventy seven makes me think of. Don't you? Double night. Right. So I think of seventy seven. But nevertheless. Just beauty, beauty. And sunshine. Great day for wood by and by the way. Wood by and Tuesday. You have a camping problem. But you go ahead and think whatever you want to think. Here's our always great call online nine. Sure. WQAM. Hello. Good morning. Yes sir. Yes? Yes. I'm 62 years old. We have five finger discounts when I was a kid. Michigan. I never heard of it. Never heard of it. No. Well, that's probably because you didn't ever take advantage of the discount. That's true. I never. No. I'll take that back. I did. There is a little larcing. Everybody is some. That's correct. At least I'm not a little minute. I have a great day. Okay. I'm just on a snuffer minute. No. I told you this story many times before we had these big rotsy. Our OTC reserve officer training. I think it was made a torn college. Yep. And so they had these big rotsy coats. We were in a wintertime. You go into the cutting hand drugs. And you steal in any things like some tan lotion. Like in a middle of December. Well, first of all, in East Lansing. When are we going to use some tan lotion in the first place. But in the middle of the wintertime. But it was just, I don't know, it was just easy to slide off the shelf and then the big pockets he had in your rotsy coat. I don't know why. You're just because we could. Sure. You know, why does the dog wicked so private? Because it can and the same thing here. Why do we shop close craft that we didn't need and because we could. Right. I did as a child, but only a central materials and up until I got a job. So it's like food like pens and food. Food and the school supplies that a school supplies. Oh, school supplies. Yeah. They've been sent with say in one on one school. Some pencils and pens. And he still talks like that school supplies like a like a robby Benson like a 10 year old child. I don't know. It needs to be 50 and he's still talks about 10 year old child. They're asking next time the same. He's stealing school supplies. Hey, number of nice people. So we're going to get to a thousand. Look at these split. If I can say that makes me think of that photo. We're going to also speak into your present and the queen. And I guarantee that there's more than not just Carl Roe, but there's more than one queen in that White House. So yesterday and I'm sure most of you have seen this George hadn't even seen it. And I'm Chris I better seen it. They showed that clip of him. I'm making the gap about her being the great friend of the America above a bond helping us celebrate the by the by centennial in 1770. I mean, 1976, you saw that, didn't you? No, actually. Oh, I saw it. I saw something up to compensate for both of you guys because they showed at least 50 million times. And he said 17 to and then he did catch himself. 1976 and she had like a little like a little like a few said before the show George. He curled her a little bit. Yeah. He said, that's her right. He, her, her, her upper lip a little bit. Don't touch the queen. Remember what I said before the show? About the. Yeah. Yeah. And then at any rate. At any rate. So your president finally came up with a pre-decent line. He says, she gave me a look that only a mother would give a child. And she, because after after he stopped and he looked at her after he knew he had made that gap. He said, 1976, he's paused. And he looks at her and she. Go ahead. In her constipated voice, you britch out that they're still bowing down to the queen. It's the wrong queen you're bound down to. They'll go. That's the only queen you ought to be bound down to for Christ's sake. They'll go. And sure, it curts you when you do it. God, if she ennesty evil constipated bitch. And we got a whole nation of people. Mm-hmm. And to think that this country that my assistant and right now. We got her picture on the currency on the $20 bill at bitch. Embarrassed. Comulating, exiled. Comrades, D. Her majesty, the queen. And you wonder why the world has screwed up. Baby, I'm men. You shade their chests. Spray for the young. Do not say press. Friendliness. With burning pain. You proud of it. They can be. We're a day. With we placed upon their hand. Spooned by landlades. And a sliddy dress. Rooed on their cheeks. And body-spray. Now they're ready to play. We're in for a day. A lake out of them. And by the pumps. You go properly. About the floor. In the home of getting laid. So they can be. You forever. I can be for a day. Meeting friends. At the capital rate. For the duty of garland. Can have me. Have okay. This type like this. So can they pay. Holding on this day. We pour a day. And counter-power. And full of strong source, man. Who says, hey baby. I want to be your man. Perhaps I'm full. But he won't complain. It's a day to play. We can clean for a day. Oh, right. 104614 before I love it. I'll take a look. Before we just ridiculous facts here. That you just passed along to me. I always wondered who this chronic ray guy is. This is the University of Dodge again. It's where Kimba works. So it's some old jump. Maybe it's down there. What is it? Maybe it's Kim? No. Why why would he put the name right on there? I'm kidding. You're Kimming? I always say just going to say before that. Something very important in the new. We have to talk about what's in the ball. The facts are is. I know you're flirting. We're talking about what a goofball the facts are is. No, I wasn't talking about that. I was something about the freaking queen. I don't know. Guy, it's just it was probably the most important thing ever. We're said, oh, here's the schedule. What could be more important than that? I'm wood buying Tuesday. The Thursday schedule. Mad Dogga 2. Yeah, that's right. The Thursday schedule. We like a lot better. Let's pretend that there's Thursday may 10th. What do you say? I'll write. I'm mad dog at 2. 4 o'clock. He got the power hour with Mad Dogga and Hank. I thought that up by the way. I'm really sorry. We're going to be testing on the air today. About five thirty. See if Hank is clinically alive. And not from our sister. Six thirty. Marlins on deck and seven five. The Marlins and the Dodgers followed by game night with Eddie the K. On Q.A.M. Okay. Now this facts. Ray says, you keep questioning who said. I'll tell you what I'm going to do. You may be thinking of someone else. Yes, I am. But one who always said that was money holiday. Let's make it up. I know that. Good Canadian Jewish boy. wealthy because a lot of ton of my the charity great guy, my the hall, but that's not who I'm thinking of because somebody said that way way before my the hall or let's make a deal Somebody like Jimmy D'Randy. Ted, you what I'm gonna do. I don't know for him. Did the chicken I have a respond to that or not or not? What do you mean not? He did not well why not? He's not online. I don't know what happened to him What means not online? Is there a line? Yeah I never knew of that of course you did I keep telling you bokebrine says this bokebrine says that usually in response to some old-timer statement that you make really Right over to he did online Yes Well, I think I'm on the phone with him over here during the show. How do I know? Maybe he said he will message in a bottle. I have no idea like sitting on my lap. I'm pro-cheese tilted by way I'll maybe isn't your lap like you're during my hony and all windshield the phone until it's done by way Paul windshield An energy drink called cocaine has been pulled from stores nationwide. I'm in concerns about its name The company that produces it said yesterday Cleg ivy a partner in redox beverages LLC of Las Vegas said the company plans to sell the rig under a new name for now They got to change the name the FDA issued a warning letter last month that said redox was illegally Marketing that rink is a street drug alternative and a dietary supplement may forth was the deadline for the company to respond Which sounds like last What? Friday The FDA said it is evidence that reached labeling and website which included these statements speed in the case liquid cocaine and cocaine instant rush The company says cocaine contains no drugs in this market is an energy drink. It's been sold since last August in least a dozen states Of course we intended for cocaine energy drink to be a legal alternative the same way that celibacy is an alternative to primarital sex I've he said oh give me a break Oh brother It's not the same thing and no one thinks it is our product doesn't have any cocaine in it No one thinks that it does and I think everybody thinks that celibacy is the same thing as primarital sex Right we think it is mostly illegal in the US to ship our product. He says But that's what it changed in their name I we said the FDA did that order of the company to stop marketing the drink But officials were concerned about possible legal action It'll allow us to new name within a week and hope to have the product back on store shelves within a few weeks What we would like to do is continue tell me what I'm gonna do What we'd like to do is continue to find to keep the name because it's clearly the a name that's the problem I've he said what we can't do is distribute our product when regulators and the states in the FDA are saying that if you do this You can go to jail Turnies general. Oh, I got attorneys general and Connecticut Larore recently announced that Redox had agreed to stop marketing cocaine in both states while a judge in Texas is how the distribution there Our goal is to literally flush cocaine down the drain across the nations A Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenfall sounds extremely Jewish to me who announced the company's agreement with his state on Monday Our main complaint about cocaine is its name and marketing strategy signal glorified legal drug use and Explore the allure of marketing speed and a can as it's called the product speed and a can speed in your can For something like that I in 17, well I've said now to the 10.51. I've been to my level 30. We got our thousand boats and then we can change the pull and put something good on there Although won't that be bad because I'm gonna have to start reading the result of the see that's not a good idea is it No But then again if we started it earlier then we have like 1800 votes on the poll for a world What's that be a and of course since tomorrow's not woodmine Wednesday, it's it's a regular four-hour show like today I'm not too happy about that by the way Two complete four-hour shows in row and it's not a whole you feel as a result of that Thursday We're leaving it 1130 come hell or high water now. What's the weather going to be on Thursday? I better during the break look up make sure we're not gonna have no rain out or something like that That would be really bad. That's why we need to cover the whatcha call it We need a dome and stage and maybe in the dome stand we need the taxpayers to give $500 million to the Jeffrey Laurie and David Samson so they can go out and build a palace nobody will show up there because nobody We need cares about the marlins or about baseball or about any sport except football but nonetheless And about the basketball when they win the championship other than that Talk about a phony market while I got two stories about Democrats Senator Hillary Clinton has increased to read over the Democrat field of the race for the presidential nomination According to a new scene in an opinion research corporation for at least yesterday afternoon That's bad news that ice princess in the past month Clinton support among Democrats rose to 38% from 30% Not too many well support for Barack Obama of Illinois dropped by two points to 24% Yeah, it's kind of silly because it's the middle not even the middle may yet of 2007 Half of at least half the country doesn't even know who Barack Obama is yet and what what they start getting serious and talking issues and they start debating He's gonna you know, I'm not talking about that phony debate they have you know a couple of weeks ago He's gonna ring rings around her ass She's probably already got rings around her ass In fact, if you look at that picture of Laura Bush, we got on that page there. Well Former vice president Al Gore continues to draw strong support even though he's not running Gore and former senator john Edward each received 12% Democrats have been prepared to be very happy with their field of candidates with 38% of curing themselves very satisfied 46% fairly satisfied 10% not very satisfied and 4% not satisfied at all 3% just said Like that Gordon is nothing So here's the full results of this poll now whose poll is it a CNN opinion research yesterday If no she's got the sweltering's got 38 oh Bammance 24 or Gorg 12 Edward strong Richardson Good guy from the Mexico 5% nobody knows who he is Joe Biden 2% Chris dot a Connecticut great guy. He's only got 2% no chance and poor little Venice Consciousness. He's a little guy. He's got that bad hair piece. He's got 1% and Gravels got the asterisk Kind like we have 11 am in bed night a QAM on Oh point oh I don't want to dwell on those ratings again because then that same jackass or are you talking about the ratings again? See even when they're bad we talk about them on this on the show We don't make them up. We don't lie about them. We don't try to find some statistic That's called finding a story in the business Stations that have no numbers they always find as well like if they had a point one in the previous book and they had 0.2 in this book. We double their on the end and send the fundraiser. Yeah We'll pack you salami sandwich really probably This illusion support is a present a bush by the way. I'd effecting two guess whom Barack Obama As the candidate with the best chance for you nighting a divide in nation. They happen to be absolutely correct Here's a guy. What's this guy's name? He didn't print out anywhere. Don't make any difference who he is He's switching for his support to Obama Remember they were public and national committee one of many former Bush and Myers who found that I'm a credit newcomer Peeling Matthew Dowd Bush's chief campaign strategist in 2004 and outside smunk he was disillusioned with the war in Iraq and the president's my way of a highway Stounder leadership Although doubt has yet to endorse a candidate. He said the only one he liked so far was Obama I think we should design campaigns that appeal not to 51% of the people doubts ever bring more country together as a whole That's what they double your whole not the W we got now From 1777 Maybe she was just pissed off standing there being an instrument was why she didn't crack the smile the queen Go on go ahead. Would you you dumbbow you bozo Verenstein is a champion of human rights who admirers Obama's call for action on Darfur while Dau's opposition to the war has been sharpened by the expected diploma to rack of his son and Arabic speaking army intelligence Facialist But last week is a pricing new name to end the course of praise for the anti-Worldama that of Robert Cagan a Leading neocon and co-founder of the project for the new American century in the late 1990s Which called for the overthrow of son of Hussein. Oi Cagan's in informal for foreign policy adviser to the Republican senator John McCain Remains the favored neocon choice for the White House, but an article in the Washington Post Cagan wrote a proving that the keynote speech by Obama at the Chicago Council on Global Affairs was pure John Kennedy a neocon hero of the Cold War I'd like that personally. I liked it Fagan wrote after somebody asked him Any so yeah, you'd like that How do you like that you'll see as the months go on all this say Hillary talk They're gonna realize what a cold miserable lying bitchy and all that war stuff, you know He hasn't got a clue for last name was uh Jones She wouldn't have a childman's chance in Burger to write to that right now Hillary Jones For George Schwarz nine hundred thirty three votes in the pool next hour going over a thousand. We're gonna switch it. I don't care what you say That gives us a chance tomorrow to have a two multi-wish Wednesday. Oh Can you feel the earth shake from the uh must be Maybe the thumbpers in the building haven't you you got work hard to keep him a lot because based on Joe's facts Which I won't read on the air was very cool But I think he thought it's concerned He was he was concerned but it was cool comments, you know about bigger than a freight train and bigger than a house Sugar washers and high blood sugar and things like that You better do something wrong putting Chris write it down on a calendar Maybe a time putting George and charger keeping Hank alive. All right This is the new Roger show Tell can't hold and keeping rings for your daughter Don't out that duty breakcase of champagne These are the things you can't take on a plane She's with a hedge and lip on and two things on clear Still for all of those it's on your face You have that sunburn button. No solar cream That's one more thing you can take on a play I think you'll be waiting if missing When they make you throw out all of those things you cannot take All of them If you're going to get for your fine several homosexuals on the plane and the Lord says it's a sin and So that guy got came by the way shoe for all I mean just right What is front of you look at this what look at this in the article today they spelled his name different than the way they did yesterday I think that was a typo Jeff for I don't know Maybe we just to invest it maybe he changed it and A apologetic self described prankster was fired yesterday after official said they found out he used an airport speaker system to play a Bible Verse that offended a gay couple Are you allowed up not just screaming queens? Go to gate one immediately. Okay, in fact. They probably can fly without the plane is what he was suggesting Is that what it says in the liticist That's right I would like to attend a general moment time 23 who worked for a superior craft services at four-lorial Hollywood or national airport for about a year Admitted he was responsible for applying the controversial message twice in the baggantry of terminal three at about 1245 a.m. May 1 Monstime we call using his cell phone to play recording that said if a man live with a man is one live with a woman They should be put to death The announcement came from Leviticus 2013. So I told him all the nasty stuff in Leviticus He must have been anti-Semitic Who the hell was Leviticus by the way? Well, what I didn't know what was a he yet think was that I know that I'm just saying I mean there was no Genesis There was no Exodus. Maybe there was a guy named Exodus Exhaust Anthony need what need wiki here well. We know about him and his boyfriend. It was a death ready said I appreciate the fact that police followed up on this I just want to apologize to everybody was involved especially the couple moans time Said that this Hollywood homes to wearing his work uniform. Yes, we have known I didn't think it was gonna hurt anybody God As Rick weaver would say and I'll see do we have that in there or not anymore now? I don't know how you how we do you would dummy? Yeah, that's what Mr. Weaver would say I was shocked and he was worried to Toulion said that's the partner Denise Toulion and who lives with Monstime said I see Serves were disappointed in him Toulion said the family was eating dinner Sunday when foreign bestigives arrived and woke up monstime to talk to them Danny Pine wonder if he's can to Joe Pine Coalner of superior aircraft to private company with more than a hundred employees at the airport said monstime was fired yesterday And the company shouldn't apology to need wiki and Hudson the two-boy friends Broward County mayor Joe Cephas Edelson Jr Tell the news conference his data when our officials had found the culprit to climb to say how monstime was identified as the broadcaster Oh, yeah, I'm surprised they didn't blame it on me or I'm a celebrity with a big potty mouth like that I do fat gets here going down. You know like that I go and said the sheriff saw it. She's okay if I encoders is it because she's the right one. You know, see bits. That's okay Mm-hmm and these are the times in which we live Hamilton said the sheriff's office would turn the case over the Brown state attorneys or if I stood turn over the criminal charges ought to be Oh come on now. Let's lighten up just a little bit. Okay, get it all charges my ass Probably no monstime said a friend sent the verse to his cell phone. He said he played it over the intercom But I'm considering the consequences and didn't know that a gate couple was in the airport at the time I mean, wouldn't that be unusual to have a gate couple in the airport? Wow, especially in Fort Lauderdale Air put officials review policies no preventing another such incidents said Bob be like interim director They can be aviation department things are all secure at Fort Lauderdale Hall That's why you see a little unattended kids running and opening up doors and noises going off and sirens and bells ringing and lights flashing and all all of that All of these trash 948 on the pool Chris is really excited to get to that thousand real now. Let me ask you do you like this pool. I think it sucks So okay 950 certainly that one attorney be's better once the next one though is much better and I'm itching I'm just dying to change it. I'm almost ready to change it now, but I won't do it Did I say well wait to get to a thousand? Yes, I don't know the dip well the poll says be honest Are you an online music park be honest don't lie to us okay? We're gonna trace the IP address of all these votes And we're gonna come knock on on your door for any afternoon and we're bringing at the Jeff or we'll shoot for a moment's time with us And he's gonna give you what for he's gonna tell you you're all gonna burn in hell Never was for and let me ask you do you ever thought about this that we are in hell? Sure, it's cross my mind yeah, I bet you everybody thinks about that at some time in life boy I'm gonna stop flooring that is it that's what you mean. Oh, that's true. I'm not and how anymore It's true. You can't get out went and down get out get the hell out Never was an online music part 453. Well good for us I still other stuff about music Yes, but who is 145 not any more 126 not since he started tracing the IP addresses I always paid the download music 67 yes, but I see this getting back at the greeting me according in history in order 65 that that though we like going into Walmart and shoplifting a bunch of stuff saying I'm just getting back at these reading Walmart people, you know And I'm right right It's just rationalizing your own illegal unacceptable behavior. You can't steal a bunch of crap At least if you're gonna steal steal some good music Right if they ever make any more Yes, and I don't care if it does threaten the future of the music industry 55 people are very greedy But very honest. They don't give a crap Yes, but I feel sort of guilty doing a 31 sort of kind of a little bit and I prefer to steal music to The five finger this lightweight. I don't care what you say. I never heard of that before my life And in the guy to call me 462 all of us is ancient as I am so it's not an age thing I just you know, I just never crossed my life. That's all obviously you didn't run with that crowd And I did not run with the shoplifting crowd as I'm sure and what they gave crowd that that's correct They may even put their hands in a few pockets, but they had some Nelson mind and they were lifting something entire They were listening it, but you know they left it there afterward I would hope 9506 9 a on a pull 44 more votes and we can get off of that thing Are we really so thoroughly sorry sorry Charlie W2A and hello Kindle caller how are you gentle caller? Yeah, you're calling you're calling up People no I'm not calling up. Oh, did you call us? Let me check. Yeah, what can we do for you sir? Oh, okay. I guess you I guess the pills didn't arrive Wow 5607. Oh 560 pound 560 and the Verizon and see you to wild us to do we got 5,000 people left in South Florida for the right to the summertime and I guess they're they're kind of bored Which is good at least it'll give them some to do Because starting in the middle of June it'll be a lot of George baby a lot of George no tapes No tapes Danny Dr. Jolly Joe is working fever stand away to you. I'm sure you're jacked that WQA and hello Morning Neil please yes, sir speaking There are no $20 British nubils there 20 pounds sir. I said Canadian bills. I was talking about Canadian bills not British I'm well aware of the currency in Europe sir. Oh, so it's not so Canadian It's not the Founded bill. It's a dollar that is correct. I have a lovely day. I love you You know what you just learning that the candidate is that pounds they have dollars Oh, he's gone he's too embarrassed. What a what a bozo Now we don't I got pounds all right a hundred eighty eight of mom and scale, but those are the only pounds in fact We do have pounds here not kilos That's the thing that I find very bizarre is that a lot like here we're on the metric system and most of the world is except the USA That's right, but they do no actually they don't do pounds They do kilos, but I've just never seen anything with kilos. I'll send you something For example to scale I got it's in pounds and I've bought it here So you only send at least be consistent for crisis all of the US and the only stubborn back to them I don't do the metric system the whole rest of the world kilo is two point two pounds Even I know that and this guy. I'm a schmuck. Okay. I'm a moron. He's called educated me You will make a mistake you made a mistake the British there's no such thing as a $20 Really have pounds. Yeah, they got pounds all right tons and tons of crap is what they got pounds In fact, most of the brits ought to be in the pound. Oh, I take that back because there's a lot of nice dogs in the pot I take that back take the dogs out and put the brits in there in the pound This is just amazing to me that there's so many periocule Spoken people in South Florida This guy would know where to find Canada on the map with with both hands a flashlight and a search party and a compass And six ass systems put his ass on jeopardy. There's a really bad show The answer is Well, I'd say you know I used to like Alistair Beck when he was on constipation whatever that show was and now I just despise him He is such a pseudo intellectual, which of course you got to be a suit to be on a show Yeah, yeah, so he said one about yeah, pretty it sucks So all right, I was gonna take a shot at it, but that's all right go ahead He can't because he's Canadian you know, you know you Canadians and I guess he's from one of the friends What do you know Canadian Xama Canadian? Yeah, you can nuts? I guess he's from Montreal or wherever the French These are yeah, is that it? Whatever, he's Canadian for sure anytime that a French word comes up a French name or a French word He has to say it in French. Oh, I see just like the Spanglish and new one So far, I'm like a man and breaking that all the stuff that they're talking about Fuck me it's like okay He's got a big balance for very in front of me the quiet my love. Oh, yeah, like that that still doesn't mean He was produced by lingualism doesn't work Walk solid. He wants me to sing god bless America and paste these in a jeep string up here. I'll do it All right Sitting at home watching the WWE at WF got hair on my back and cool is on my breath I got remote control. I got my Nintendo jostick. I'm so dying lazy. I married a pregnant chick It's true. I dress with bima and I play up a golf. I wear polio's to pants that I never take off I don't have to the bars and I try to be funky, but I don't fool anyone because me a Monkie Monkie Monkie Monkie Monkie Monkie Monkie I listen to Madonna and I think she's really hip and that Julio is lazy and spell Just makes me flip. I don't like to life crew that's just so done dirty My kids on a lot of the lessons until they turn 30 my diet is my uncle I am a sister's my age I'm in role being school just to get me a grand. I tell a lot of bits and jokes I think that the funny I got a bad sense of humor There's me a hockey I'm a hockey I'm a hockey I'm a hockey little too high I'm a hockey I'm a hockey I'm a hockey little too high Look at me do the barstep or they look at this Hey, Monkie Monkie Monkie I'm a hero and pull my finger 1118 at 5.60 WQA All of Trailer Trash all the time Not an 80 votes for what I really start and really move big on is they want to get rid of this pull I don't blame him. I do too Let's go up to that thousand so we can smith can There's 983 there's starting coming in little chunks now Got that song my village a creamer little chunks that will why don't play it All right, chulans And it's really archaeologists today said he found the tomb of King Herod King Herod Oh my god that in 40 cents a buy about a third of a cup of coffee at Starbucks King Herod the legendary builder of ancient Jerusalem in the Holy Land They potentially made you discovery that kept a 35 year quest for the researcher See this is the kind of thing that people waste their money on just like that They're world bankwood and the world of ball and the world of balls That they're white huskies they with a queen how much taxpayer money how much a year money folks You think what to was peed down the drain that put that extravaganza on to feed the queen Crazy bastards. This is what goes on in the world man Hebrew University archaeologists a food net sir. Oh, I love that a food said the bomb was found at Herodium a flattened hilltop in the jodane Visit where Herod build a palace compound net sir's been working at the site site just outside Jerusalem since 1972 He's been working feverishly Net sir said the two was discovered when a team of researchers found pieces of a lion stones are coss of sarcophagus Believe to belong to the ancient king although there were no bones in the container. He said the sarcophagus is location and ornate appearance indicated it is herod It's our sarcophagus. My ass. Yeah, sir. Kafka. Yeah, we will when you die. Yeah, I'm sure you will. I'm getting I don't know. I'm getting them bombed I heard you were getting screaming You call me a screamer Falling it's a sarcophagus. We just don't we don't see anywhere. Net sir said a news conference something very special Net sir who led the team city with none of the circle the sarcophagus was found then that's what a shame Steffin Fain and expert in the second temple period at the University of the Holy Land Called to find a major discovery by all means but caution for the researchers needed he said all signs indicate the tomb belongs to Herod Well give it back then But said ruins with an inscription on them were needed for full verification you'll be here it no wrong Harry what is it? How's it going? We're moving in the right direction it'll be Christmas. We have an inscription that bears his name said Fain a textual scholar who did not participate in the dig dig Attractions to the carb line so in found at the sandy side are decorated with floral motors but did not include any inscriptions Herod became ruler of the Holy Land of the Romans around 40 BC. That's why you gotta go to Rome to see all the ruins Baby it's old it's old it's craggy and you'll decide it women are saggy The wall he built around the old city at Jewish London the time of the Jewish second temple is the one that can be seen today He also undertook massive construction projects in Cizaria Jericho Let's see what is it Cizaria Cizaria yes, it's not it rhymes like with diarrhea. Sorry. I don't like the way that sounds Cizaria Jericho It's just Cizaria. It's just like some kind of an illness. They hope to have fortress of massada and other location Oh massada there that is a massada like easy building has sad Whatever happened to her anywhere was your name? Well, you see you said about the cacada. Oh, I hated her. Hey, whoever's sending this man tossed in garbage truck We've gotten five taxes on it already from this. Oh, I had send it up right now We did we can't we did need to stop sending it You have nothing that I can read no Well, then they need to stop. Why you ask me that cuz I've my house You I'm telling you I'm telling you that it's stop stop stop stop stop stop Who did that the holly stop stop stop? Yes, yes, it's long been assumed that her it was buried at Herodium But decades and excavations fail to turn up the site until now the first century is going to seek this Flavius described the tunnel here. It's a So is he just Flavius I wonder if he was king the biggest nicus I Was this in start right here See the girl when Stop stop stop. I was just doing name of the song. I was not but that's a good idea Yeah, it's long been assumed that the first century in story and story in Josephus Flavius brother to biggest wikus Described the tool and here is funeral procession Herodium was one of the last strong points held by Jewish rebels fighting against the Romans and it was Can what is it say conquered and destroyed by Roman rulers in 80 71 a year after they destroyed the second temple in Jerusalem Those are Romans man they were killing the Christians in the Jews and everybody Sounds like George Bush He were university and hope to keep the finest secrets till next year's news conference today But the university announced the find in the brief statement. I yesterday after the harrets daily found out about the discovery Tufts and article on its website harrets. No, they want those to do papers Jews jiffers You read the newspapers if the Jews papers that's what I like to know and once the next Jewish holiday I'll give you better get that sheet out again so I can take it off I'm gonna start taking all the jewel holidays often if they don't let me have them over the suedeur as all right You're gonna get their ass take off like on you know, maybe 998 on the pool two more votes. I if I clicked this couple of more times wikin 999 well this things will be long You know it maybe we have a little bit of the audience back I doubt it though Maybe it's all that big QA in promotion you think it and you notice not one word has ever been spoken like when jolly jokal me on Friday I don't even utter that word because it's just utter nonsense, you know It's vertiscence Oh look at that Chris Chris is Singin the song and roll them along thousand votes. Okay. Let me print it out. I'm gonna put it out and then gonna change it Won't this be exciting? It's only a naive 1130 yet And why are we changing the full of middle show? Well cuz it's woodmine 2's they're not gonna be here to change it later I don't want to put all that pressure on George. He'll be taking a cat map I'll beat I just seen this melting pot food on me You got melting pot today. Yeah, oh my well pass it over. I'll be a parcel. I'm gonna meet because I'm staying on the actons Are you really nothing but me? I am and you know it's really interesting But it's seen I could be wrong but it seems to me that once upon a time you were poop less a pot of time in America You were poop-pooling the acnes what I was poop-pooling was that that the show had turned into diet talk for fat people and little else for a while there Oh, here we go I know it's all that it was like this dog. It's diet talk. It's hockey talk We soon are later we get around everything. Okay. We're doing just fine I don't need any instructions especially from a little pump like you I'm what to talk about when you talk about when you talk about being struck you to been as informative talking about I hockey and those days I was answering the phone and all the call to be what is it? Is this okay at the actons that I would say? I don't know and then they would say well why don't you know when I say it's a hundred out of five out of five Austin pieces what was your piece? I We're sure to gotten a piece ready to bring tea. He inscribed a nice autograph on my one of my his book about vitamins And how much is that worth nothing? Okay, here's the new pool. I just put it on there. I'm the owner of an overactive blank bladder Bowls craving for food fart maker hypochonia imagination impulsed to call video talk shows with nothing to say mental disorders spelled wrong Eric mental has no first A in it there. Okay. It says mean full-design I think Eric's crumbling under the pressure hill. He'll correct it trust me or else nervous system paranoia sex drive. Oh, that's me sweat glands first thyroid or nothing overactive with me Sex drive I click that right now. Let's see. We got any votes on there. You know, I just voted it's Oh, yeah, one from imagination. We got three votes one from imagination white for hypochondria three votes One thing about us though. We show up. I endured his out sick a lot because not as much as used to be No, I like last year. Was it last year you were always on sick? Yeah, I was having I don't know what Problems well That's a good news George has never any more problems. Yeah It's news the him. He just found out right here on the informative near Roger show Oh six drives up to three now the order of an overactive Or maybe it's underactive should we put that Well, we don't have that many women listening so why the hell should we put underactive Hi, I case he case them welcome back to our countdown of this week's top 20 ringtones We're up to our number one ringtone of the week but first our unlimited coast to coast long distance To request in dedication it's from jensica s she writes their casey recently my sister was quite lip-saking on national TV at first she blender band and then she blamter as his reflex Whatever that is Anyway, Casey since everyone thinks I'm the stupid one of the family could you play green days American idiot for my sister Actually signed Jessica so from Jessica to Ashley here's your unlimited coasts to coast long distance request That dedication That's American idiot from jessica to Ashley now on with a countdown But first let's recap our top three ringtones That tune that sounds like heart and soul, but is it? And now this week's number one ringtone number one for the third week in a row loss of the flowers Here you have it the top 20 ringtones in America as translated by phone bill board magazine To the end of your next week, but we'll let's again countdown America's top 20 ringtones on kck's insane keep your volume turned down and keep reaching for four bars Yeah, we did is that the 20's got the queens picture on it all the other 11 yes at the risk of stunning like all the fat Largo's that used to call in during those shows there is a Partly mostly sunny and 85 in a slight chance of showers I got that okay, we're in okay go ahead or mushrooms on the atkins Our mushrooms on the atkins I asked you first why not okay? I don't know because I will be attention about that not in the beginning stage. Let me ask you what are mushrooms mushrooms our vegetables Yeah, but they're really good They're in there fun. There's a fun. We're fun guys. They're considered to be vegetables. Okay, they have they have a little bit of carbs But almost you're fun guy. That's what I heard But anyway Yeah, you can have a little bit and then I have any one if you want to like find what some with some butter Which is okay on the atkins and some onions which is certainly okay with the vegetable and it's got almost no color What you some common? What do I really want to waste any space in my stomach for a mushroom? What I've got a plate full of lots during steak and shrimp because I love mushrooms. Oh, man Oh mushrooms in a minute. I could eat I could cook up I could take the frying pan and cook up a pound of mushrooms And I need that all day. I'd have to take a bunch of roll-aids at the same time because I have objects that we'll bend But man there ain't nobody loves shrumes and onions. I maybe they've completed like mushrooms better And I don't get over here on a grand scale. I got like five skewers with things on them all going at the same time Yeah, you're still good all right WDQA and hello. Hello. Yes. Neo. Yes, I am. Hi Neo. How are you doing? I'm doing great I have the interview for a guy you what I'm gonna do to me to Randy no It's going for the Milton Bell show Oh, that's the guy right No, no, I couldn't think of it. Who the hell members in? Well, I'm a little far You tell you Thanks, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you How do you like that since though now? I never would have thought of that from the old Milton Bell show That's why I couldn't think would tell you what I'm gonna do. He was a guy who is one of the people I'm sure one of the Are you a funny guy and he's dead? I mean, I'm not positive of that by what imagine and if not he ought to be Because you'd be about 110 years old who wants to live to 110 unless you're 19 you know you're high guests 567. Oh, I have 60 you know and this is where I look at life. You take whatever you can get you know Say take whatever you bet if I can make it to 90 that's another 26 years Can you imagine how dangerous I've been and I still be here sitting talking in another 26 years for somebody I think if they don't we have my ideal here pretty soon because they keep talking in normas this In this ones that and well, it's a really big next to the dolphins. This is our biggest contract if we don't get it done next couple of weeks I'm going across the street Good play to the Chinese market gets some more candy bars 567.05 60 pound five 60 and they've arrived in singular wireless line. What kind of a horse ball radio station doesn't put an uncompetent in a guys kind of right Tell us I mean what what kind of a huh? What kind of a minor bushling operation Joel does something like that really stupid But then again they are stupid. WQM hello Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today great Listen there's two articles in the local of the scum's not long the lab two articles in there There was looking at yeah the minister and that's some other crazy broad Just before the list of the dead people Okay, well, thank you so much WQA MLO Hey, Neil. How are you? Okay, sir. I was just at the bridge tender for like five minutes Yeah, I was not at the same What I called Neil I made a funny sound Just like a Bobby there on the amy space Bobby. I called you up. But remember he asked me for the phone number to call him and then the next day I called it a made a funny sound With his mouth he was making sounds with his mouth Well, that's what we keep talking about making sounds with your mouth. How are we doing on this new pool? Let's take a look at how this baby's shaping up. We got 53 votes already. It's only been on there about two shades of a line still That's a lot better than five fingered was it? Oh, here's the end result of the first one 1000 votes even while I like that I'm pretty that baby I've just in the nicotine be honest are you and I'm gonna read the resi hate that pool. Fouls and votes. That's it I'm not gonna read the result. It was not good 53 so far in the new pool on the owner of an overactive sex drive 14. Oh, yeah, I'm ready right now fart maker nine bladder nine nothing overactive with me six. Oh, yeah, likely story What is an ad for serious on there and at the new mercury Scott series where's the present of serious In the last night they had a story about that and Brian Williams and NBC news and I I kept thinking about that call or you know that he could have been the dumbest person I've ever spoken to a boy that covers a lot of territory. He was great. I hope he calls back. Did out of the present of serious Nothing overactive with me six imagination for overactive overactive craving for food for Bowles for all Now it would be so jealous if you were here to hear that nervous system to sweat glands one impulse to carbide or talk shows with nothing to say one Hi, Polkong beer one and nothing yet for thyroid there's paranoia or mental disorder Nice going around a spelling a Arab strained it out. What I took about him and he is on he's on his game 67 mode On a brand new pool CNN we can pull out scan with an ad the two together Chris And we can pretend we had like you know 12 13 and revotes what scam Now we always fall a good timing tonight. I'm back at a seat good WQM hello Yeah, yeah, it'd be go on your phone Cuba Oh, it's called machine ass now we're talking I had my papers WQM hello Yes, sir, we're gonna make it to the year and see you should. Yeah, no It was I believe I'll yeah What do you would just see if the is C show C shells by the C sure yeah was Nothing to say Yeah, I came on down just to see the air and C show to see oh, there's a plane I wanted to do my herbival shades I've got them to tall Now isn't it supposed to be when you get older your feet get fatter they get wider which is tray? You know is getting you good and you what? Your nose gets longer your ears continue growing get out of here. You say I got big ears Yeah, I'm probably in my nose. Yeah, they're good nothing else though How about your feet? You my feet are getting a wider they're like in that platypus kind of thing you know and square like a Mexican They're getting really fat my feet maybe all the fat is like drink drink a four can you imagine how fat hangs feet must be сами I Had a six我也 one day, she flew away To Teogono where the moon is Wings censorship. There, I wasn't mus於elin to do it till you dial I feel Barca And I am honored, so, When you see K, you'll come up. I'll see you with G, you'll wanna do. Now, if you see K, tell her I necessary stay. And the FCC won't let me sing this song. I wrote today now that you see K, Take her hand, gently say that after this transmission, but I'll be out in 90 days old. And if you see K, you'll wanna, Then I'll see you with G, you'll wanna go on a go, But gotta keep with G, you'll wanna do. So, whatever happened with him determined, We know as he still lives, he's got no other way. I don't know, I don't know. I don't know, I don't know. I don't know, I don't know. Check each mech, a little bit of his friends name was. I think he's in West Palm doing the, you know, the lounge act. Are you serious? Are you, I've started hurt, but I could be wrong. Are you sure? How do you make a living doing that? And once he makes a very good living, you know, wearing a tuxedo and plain piano and those, she's she places where they tip you with those big, brandy snifters, you know, he's he? Yeah. She's about he's she places. I'm sure those are, and how about who the two places? He, he, he, he, both send a pull on the new one. Wow, this thing is gonna be phenomenal. Chris agrees, I'm sure. Now, I'll call you Chris. Chris is from my back in there, because the food came in. Right. I've actually just fine for you. You should be sticking to the act and stuff. If you just stick with him, you get it. And you don't, what? He did. Good. And those desserts don't be dipping in dunking like that. And they're not stuffing that wild chocolate, you know? Good stuff. Don't know. Not for you. Don't start watching. Why is your bad people are, you know, you're tempting. Is it there? No, no, it isn't. They didn't bring in the dessert. No, by request, I told them, to tell the nice John that, that we were doing the act, and they only brought me and veggies. And we loved them in melting pot. And by the way, Tomar's Wednesday, it's Charles Wednesday. So I'm sure he's been really taking care of you guys tomorrow. But don't worry about it. WDK, I'm very worried about it. I'm upset. QAM, hello. I'm a meal. You're really care much for each alley of food. Why not? You don't know. I do like a alley in them though. Whoa. Oh. Ha ha ha ha. There you go. You're fair. WDK, you're in, hello. I got to turn off my internet. Hold on. Turn off that thing, yeah. I'm so excited because I love you. And my dad said, Jimmy, do you really call? That was my father down, to let him in Florida. Yeah. I'm up in Tennessee listening to you on my internet and joining you every day. Tennessee. Uh-huh. What are you doing in Tennessee? Um, I have been dragged me up here. Oh, God. I'm so sorry. Yeah. That's how they get women up there in Tennessee. Yeah. They bring them forward. They, they, they drink them. They drug them. You know, listen to this. My daughter is in third grade and her teacher. And the science book makes them mark out that the reptiles live millions of years ago and wrote in thousands. Yeah, 20 30 years ago. Yeah. What's the dinosaurs? Oh, this is in Tennessee. Yeah, I'm in Tennessee. Yeah. Well, of course, there's lots of tourists in Tennessee. For us. Tourists. Well, listen, have a great life and a good lucky. You'll need it. Thank you. See you. Okay. When you see an ice, unfortunately, your husband, I get it. Isn't it usually the other way around? I don't know. I guess not. The guys have to move for work. That kind of thing. So they drag their eyes along. Oh, my God. Geez. I had a total of dump his ass. Unless you're sternarily good in the set. I don't know. I don't know. I'm not sure if I'm a little bit old and I'm a little bit older and making lots and lots of money. 108 votes on the new pool and six. I'm the order of an overactive sex drive 24. Seems to be leading all the right ahead of Fartmaker. Those two are kind of incompatible. That's one thing about having a partner. A fart maker is just not unknown. A partner. A fart in real. WQAM, hello. Yeah, me and I have previously that after doing our meal and doing Enjoy is going to be doing a lot of yourselves, huh? Yeah. How can you not a man face a midi-black Hindu or show your words that are going to be playing? I think you do that. How can I do what? I'm in please. You know, he should be a good guy. I can do that. Yeah, oh, I see. For the guys that's driven. What about are you some kind of a Palestinian Mexican? Oh, he is not. Bad pony asset man. Real bad one. WQAM, hello. Go up on the Guadalupe. WQAM, hello. Bob, please. Q and hello. Yes, sir. I'm talking about a new Roger. Speaking. Turn that radio down, please. Hey, I love your man. Yeah. I believe you guys were the same 10 years man. And I should write it, huh? Oh, man. I love you guys, man. Yes. And to a proper clock, everything will be there man. What do you mean 10 to 12 o'clock? What are you doing after 12 o'clock? 12 o'clock? At least it's a, you know, the hand can do it guys. Well, do I know how near any of the choice? At 12 o'clock? Yeah. I was the King of E. This ma'am ago. Okay, ma'am. You have a nice day, man. Okay, man. Okay, man. Wow. How far is going to be on a new day? There's no way yet. Roger, go down to 600. I'm just trying to do something to give him. But you know, something to take that home. I'm only going to be in that drawing. Okay. I ended up in a house. We've been trying for years to talk him into it. Remember I was going to buy him that the blood sugar thing that check is a remote Do it. What is it? The meter. Maybe he's got a death wish. I don't know. How can you be diabetic? And I'll check your blood sugar. Yeah. I'm sure if you watch any TV every 20 minutes. There's another hand for another one. There's a little machines. You know, check to prick your finger and what you call it. Will for it, really? Talk about diabetes. There you go. Diet media strategies wasn't delivered. Whatever her name is. What's her name? Oh, I saw Karen that I said. It's not Karen Valentine. Who is it? One with the Christy Ellie? No, I'm really. Yeah. Oh, well, we've written Ellie. I saw that again last night. And did you come to any yet? And you got, yeah, don't you want to look just like Christy Ellie? Oh, my God. I'm not a lot of you. I was getting mad. By the way, Boca Bryant says that Guitar Man is indeed in West Palm playing piano in the Rit C place. Well, that's so sad. QAN hello. QAN. That is a door nail. QAN hello. NAH. WQAN hello. Well, he's a spastic. WQAN hello. WQAN hello. NAH. NAH. WQAN hello. NAH. Come on. Come on. WQAN hello. NAH. How are you? Good. Good. Can you introduce some variety in your showman and all you do is Rit C you say present to all the same guy. Yeah. Let's take a listen. He's still listening though. He's still listening. That's a good thing. One of the thing. Take guide you're still there, Mon. All right. That's always care about. WQAN hello. I mean, I got you on speaker phone because I'm getting ready to have a sermon all over. No, okay. Good. Over. Ha ha ha ha ha. You're over all right. WQAN hello. Can you please put your reenn over back on? Oh my god. Woo. Can we put him back on and what? On drugs. I am that hemorrhate. Wow. Okay. Let's take a quick peek and I want to go to what's this in Taiwan. You see this? Yeah. There's time. I wish our customers got a blow. Over. Have a little a fist fight. They're the Taiwanese. You know what? See, Spade. If we had stuff like this going on. Everyone. Oh, yeah. This like the Canadian parliament. They're all pounding on the table. Yeah. They're the gentle lady from California. Yeah. Right. One, two, three. Oh, it's having a little end. Very. And so we got on the new pool. One, two, three. Sure sounds good to me. I'm the owner of an overactive sex drive. It's pulling away. 28. It's pulling. 560560 pound. 560 on the Verizon singular. Wireless line. One, two, three. There is under. I wonder if he's dead in the light. I don't know. I don't know. He's dead. I'll allow him to get in. I'll see. He also had some song. I looked like someone. I've looked at Tracy that was the O.J. He had the lender. Have another hitter. Was that in? Was that in? Let me look. Take a peek. WQOM. Hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Oh, no. Good to have you on the phone. Hey. I thought I was suggesting that we could fix all this. I racked for it. I don't know how good. WQOM. Hello. QOM. If I follow David Catherine Special last night, what? That's the Galilee Ice Boyfriend. It must have had a wild evening after that. They must have put him right in the blue boy. A lot of butter, I imagine. A lot of Chrisco. WQOM. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Is it new? Sounds like me, yeah. Oh, okay. I love your show by the way. What made me call was about the diabetes stuff to survive? I don't worry, I'm going to try to get that liver to stop. And diabetes. You're not on a medicare? It's a femtobl. It's a fifty dollar from my wife. She has to pay for that. But you have one more machine. A big femtobl. Let me ask you a question. How much is your life worth? That's the obvious question. Well, that's not the problem. I'm the thing. And if you would say about the strips, it's very very expensive. Why do you tell me this? I've been buying them for a zillion years. Don't you think I know that? Yeah, but they really. I think that this will prevent that. So that it can get a cheap. Well, then we're going to bring some buy them there. Okay. And quit bitching about the liver to you and no whatever. Well, for Brimley. What's that guy talking about? But a meat-but-a-boop-but-a-bomb. Sure, your expensive. Sure, you'll take care of it for you. Send him the bill every month. Oh, hey, I'll take care of all your supply. I'll supply. I'll supply. I'll supply. I'll supply. I'll supply. I'll supply. I'll supply. I'll supply. I'll supply. I'll supply. I'll supply. I'll supply. I'll supply. Okay. So, what are you going to do? I'm going to do it. Because your tumor to a whim, tumor to a bus. Well, you're right about that. Push comes down. Now, I'll buy it and expensive. And then, I'll have a heart attack. And maybe they'll fire me like that. But if you don't understand, you can't wait until it dies. Does that, does the... is the thing say a changed rum soon? Yes. Well, change it. Okay. If a light came on on your accident and said change you under where soon. Wouldn't you change it? I don't need the light. Well, there you go. Change the drum. Change the drum. I'm telling you, Rathichel, hold my amy dolphins football. Watch radio, 5, 60, 2AM. This is Gritty Quit. Whenever I shape up all, I listen to the meal rotters 12-1 hour. You must have a day to time in the shower soul. You must have full full full full full full full. Staring at my table. We are sick of all the time. Out of them, good play games. And keep the eyes of the high behind the testing. They're not dead. Anah, you've got too high for the way. You've got too high, you're all the way. Have you shot, pissed and madly dust, was that straight gangled by men who pull up other men. Is it so cold? Say something fine, yeah, yeah Oh, go see it, just cold cold wheels Having fun with the boys If the North will rule my dear Boy, boy, boy, boy, boy Boy, boy, boy Boy, boy, boy Do you try to find your Oh, boy, boy Oh, boy, boy Oh, boy I'm your, oh, boy Oh, boy, boy Oh, guess what I just found All right This thinking is popping up on the table Let's have the baby Wow, they want us to find a way Holy moly, I was just, I shouldn't have said holy moly That was a bad choice of words, one, a, boy I don't know And I never, I forgot this, but on the inside of this, um, this is mobed bits Uh-huh Volume one, and on the inside of the cover in the city There's a picture of a, a guy that makes fatboard look like a midget Sitting on the throne Remember that? No, you see that you haven't seen any sea Oh, yeah, pali Oh, man Wow We're gonna be in first or back, babe Uh, I have a feeling we could probably paint this, play this if, well, I just, um, what do you think? No, right up to the chorus Oh, I see No, I was saying if I use a quick finger, what do you think? No Now, wait, what do you mean? Just say Chris, did he say no? We're gonna be in first place Don't do it We're back, babe From 200 years ago When they were playing I'll be 100, if I've been there if you do Hahaha Hahaha Yeah Oh, we're, yeah I almost sent off a straight Hahaha Oh, my object Hahaha Okay Let me have a go, go, go, go I don't remember how this, I did It totally happened, just go How this going out I am just You stop this right now Yeah, come on now good job. That was great you can play two in that one you can play three more words One more word One more one more one more word One more word No chance No, I'm getting that baby out of it machine. Okay, that's a bad my she-in-one Wow Those are the days of it. That's when we had an audience man. We could play stuff that's it. That was good dessert after lunch and nice laugh instead of some Man and of course the long time was Tuesday understand exactly what they did Oh, he's playing that restitution song Everybody else too bad Not even I think you'll never hear it 170. Oh, some new pool. That's 1170 altogether man. We're kicking some serious fat. Well ass ancient style today. Let me tell you that kind of retubing it Me here and again Yeah, I think you don't think you could clean that up I think the message would stay there no matter how many bleeps we put in it and I think somebody would be the only hard time. Oh Not to mention any choice. Oh, I'll show you I forgot about that bitch I like it. I like it morning. What are all the eating thought that is oh even more than and that's the first cut on that Now let's then probably some other good stuff on there. Oh, I know. I know there is coach Jim Morris I don't know what that means I mean, I know who he was is this thing ever gonna queue up. I think the machine is rejecting the disc It's his circle on but it's just not it's not doing up I think Joyce is a fiddle with my top deck here. Let's see what's going on man There's some drag in my deck Survele on it queue up the first time. Thank god because that was a really That was a lot of fun brought back some really bad memories The other one is none here though. Con de Lisa. It's not on here It just says servo on what what's that all about I don't know It just it just is a rejecting it well eating What do you mean it doesn't even get that part doesn't even say a table of contents there It just says servo on well I'll be dying. Don't take that baby out of there Probably a message from the Lord, you know, and Give me some real good advice. Don't be doing that now. It'll be mess with that thing again Okay, I want to put it over here for tomorrow. Nobody QAM hello good afternoon sir. Yes, sir You have this office Yelling and screaming and rolling and stitches helping to the old days man. Oh, yeah, don't we? You met I got it right up to the hook there. I'll tell you what everybody here has Google searches Look yeah, sir. You'll look to you trying to find that and you know, what buy? But no cancel it because you know the right wing Yeah, the other way the PC Goop balls out there just they return to the rest Thank you very much for the memories in your your Oscar key your my life see it See he enjoyed it He's one of those people who remember is the whole lot of our faces just told me they remember when we used to have fun on a show on this radio station Before the FCC and we can thank Janet Jackson and Justin Tinkerbell. I just did you phone a little poor man Makes me want to poop my guts out in Janet Jackson with her Cramp this isn't even in the other machine. This isn't the Oh, wait a minute is oh I don't want to play that again. I want also on here the guilty show theme. I don't know kind of leads about Yeah Forget about it promo maybe there's stuff on here that isn't in the promo for the homo look got about it That's what I say That's not for a funny show idea If I may borrow a phrase from the great moddy Allen hello there everybody in paradise land and then of course There's always the must be loving moga's right Oh, I don't think we can play that And how about your fire dude? The crack they play double hole. That's power garbage the kids that they don't know what's good Like that song I'm happy I live in a split level head you remember that How can you listen? I'm happy I live in a split level head. I'm happy I live in a split level head You're a number that Why am I surrounded by more ons Do you go be how How No Okay, that's it you won't fire You're a Stupid You I came down here after losing my charm. To be a big fish. In a little part. When they kicked me off the Espillian day told me don't come back again. I had some problems with wise guys who would buy some time to galvanize. Oh, yeah. Fire. That's actually a little bit weird. I got this fucking girl up. I hope that just goes one day. Well I think it has to be one night. I hope you all die. I'm a big fish in a little plump to see you. I think fish in a little plump. Is that a pretty old city of A. I'm a big fish in a little plump. I'm a big fish in a little plump. No, no, no, no. What are you doing? Now now come down. How are you? What do you say we go have some money? Sushi. Put those up to go. Yeah. Yeah, there had to be one dump in there. I knew that. Just before Gusman. Maybe he said, Jazz. Maybe he was with us last night before. Hey, while we're still fire, they'll away. Let's just play that all day. Just the intro. What are you saying? I never thought there's a lot of reverb on that. You know what I'm saying? I guess you know, vocalized production value has surpassed anything anywhere that anyone else is doing. He'd be the best. Hey, while most of fire, they'll away. Something will be really serious. First and foremost, pay from 200 years ago when they were slaves. Oh, a rock. Well, I only have a mobile home. A pit-pull in a pinch of skulls. So with the amount of ass to hell here's what I got of say, oh, right. You've got to. Okay, 10 past noon. He was in the office. He was doing car wheels in the office. He said, I believe it. All day and a well, I was. I was doing car wheels in my pants. And in honor of the woodwind Tuesday got my pants on in my shirt. That makes me feel better that you got your pants on. Why is that? And your shirt. More secure? Yeah, exactly. Even though you're a star on a, you know, pantsless fags make us all nervous. No, well, there's a lot of them. 202 on this new pool. That means we got over 1200 vote. We're going to get over whatever we get. We get a big total because we're cheating. We're doing two polls for the price of one. And you don't have to change the pool today. Excellent. You can go take a nice nap and go into a coma. I'm the honor of an overactive craving for food is moved into lead. Now 42. And that's because we were talking about the food I guess. Craving for food. Sex drive 38 is sliding. They're sliding. It's slipping at the slide. But not enough. Nothing overactive with me 28. Yeah. Fart maker 26. Blatter 20 20. Imagination 14. Overactive bowels 10. Meadow the sorter five. Slight glands four. Paranoia four. nervous system four. Third three. Impulse the car video talk shows with nothing to say three. Have book on be a one and thyroid as God. Oh, none. I guess that excuse when I would the mickers and have book and shoes that will always gotten an overactive thyroid. That's why we eat him 45 pounds and I keep shoveling craft on my post constantly all day long. Am I right? Yep. They used to be the excuse to your. Sure. Come on. It's past noon at five sixty. WC. I am. Now let's see. Like cue that back or what? Yeah. Yeah. I thought could have put it on pause. I took it out of my hand. Meow. Yaaah. Yaaah. Oh, Yaaah. Oh, Yaaah. Oh, Yaaah. Oh, Yaaah, Yaaah. Watch better! You're supposed to be the greatest thing ever! You're supposed to be the greatest thing ever! Hang on. You make it your own! You're supposed to be the greatest thing ever! You're supposed to be the greatest thing ever! You're supposed to be the greatest thing ever! You're supposed to be the greatest thing ever! You're supposed to be the greatest thing ever! You're supposed to be the greatest thing ever! Anyway, it's the 12-19. I'm not kidding! Anyway, it's the 12-19. I'm not kidding! Anyway, it's the 12-19.Ч is the quarterback at a call Peyton Manning, Sandie Peyton Manning, skinny Bor Meining, No, nothing, it comes to mind. I'll be, Sam! You know that will just play I could just see those people in the orphan's doing television today. All of us, but we can't play that You got a kiss a Buddy good morning 1223 votes on the pool. I'm the owner of an overactive craving for food 42 and sex riot 41 You know this how there are no is to know is side by each a very tight battle if I can use that expression WQAM hello Yeah back to you boring boring Just like that show you're talking about boring. Oh And how come I didn't mention this way back in the beginning speaking of Callic a world bank Panelist on President Paul Wolfowitz guilty of a conflict of interest Bank committee formerly granted his findings that he was really a conflict of interest in ranging for a pair race and promotion in 2005 to Shah Ha Ali Risa his companion were Steve Enlishment in the at times like SDF alone It wasn't clear whether the committee consisting of seven of the banks 24 board members who'd remove Mr Wolfowitz from his poster more likely expressed lost a lot of confidence in his leadership and a man that might persuade him to resign The news came as well for what's advisor Kevin Kellum's Resign complaining that the cloud over the Bush appointed president made his work at the institution useless The satirical website one kit was also reporting rumors like yesterday that Wolfowitz resigned at the site was able to back through a more But it would be put a roof and I don't see no more on that if you see anything on it Nope, I was busy listening to this So what we got all together 1000 votes on the first poll which really sucked about that I mean not that I know of everything Italian I sure do but yeah Just was a bad fool sorry Charlie beat and not good 229 so we don't have a sandy a Peyton painting manning bit no nothing I know I mean we could but Sure, you know what it is yeah, I don't know what it would be called I swear table where Peyton you fair I searched manning Peyton painting manning and uh, oh You think I didn't do that of course, but I have a library in this other computer too and nothing What do you mean you have a library and other computer? What are you holding back stuff is that? And what's I'm not holding back stuff all the stuff that you put into one computer? I put in this other computer because the DCS over here is full It is yeah I got 48% left in mind. I got 99% used so wow Well, I mentioned they said you did let me ask you something if you got 99% because that's probably the other 47% that I don't have in here We can't know any different size hard drives you got a bigger drive up there I got a bigger drive. Yeah, that's which is a more human with a conforming computer and the producers that computer than the reason W2A M hello, yes, sir. Hey, yes, yes, how are you doing? I'm doing Hey, what's the latest on Joals is he coming over? Stay tuned man stay tuned Get on the edge of your seat get a good grip on the dial there on the knob 560 5050 sorry pal. They know I'm painting manning, but can't find it don't don't know what it is It may go maybe if we had a name if we knew what it was what was about we got Troy the boy Nobody wants to hear that again anymore. I don't even know if we can put it up Yeah, I said about the brown eyes so much. I got to brown eyes One of the guys got a really big moment and he's a brown eyes I'm a bigger part. I said I was a golden five 670560 560 I'll be Verizon and singular wireless line. I got a really good idea I can find the on-expergated version of mm-hmm and I could play that and at the same time of course We can't let him go too long. I Not if we want to come back again tomorrow. What I object You object to what I insist that you don't do that What are you trying to be on the record that's right I see I'm a little we do have this and you are a very important part of this all this in the VCS Oh, yeah, yeah Tertis plane to call on this bit that's right my idea to Tribit it's material so I'm very proud My idea Always All day's mark on my arm like a really Natalie now a lack of one I got things on my nose nobody knows I run the my blows are with empty holes, but that don't mean that I'm gay If you think my answer, I've had your to see my legs Am I as well people swozing shave the show a little glass the next time I'm raping him I could go to a surgeon that's like his British killers I would not want to walk out with him like John Riddens I might have loved the fact that I'm a favorite now again a point of heat But reason I dismissed that mistaken that bastard is me grassy wouldn't shut up any can't play can ask I'm a total man. Nobody talk when I ran I'm not gonna talk Look at me I'm hit I know square I'm a thing done getting man. I'm really dead Bye, I already what I want I don't care But please they make me quit my wig made a smelly green hair I bet by myself it even happens to the grapes This one one said you can add a hill house we break your legs So now I sit by the pool life since good as it gets with my paladin cocktail placing bits of the jets in paradise paradise Sorry, I'll be sure that the screw gives when I get the chance that the queen is already ready with my line green man How long does it take? Tell me calling the plate. It was just a little thought so what I love this day That's funny on a knuckle sandwich buddy. I can do it. I want the management loves me But along just try my one a beautiful. You might oh who I might type out now. I was paid Oh This person yes, I just bought Williams down a serious boss boss. Oh, hi. How are you? How are you today? Fine, um, are you sitting down? Yeah, I'm afraid I have some bad news for you I understand it Boseman with us for almost 20 years now and that's okay Is me a Bob's fine. Oh, I'll little upset but fine He's been a good worker for us. He's made all his quotas as bonuses of always been in line But we're gonna have to let him go and we're gonna have to fire him and Unfortunately being the boss sometimes you have to do things that you're not very pleased doing Uh, yes, he has I can imagine you're failing that way absolutely but Yes, I understand Understand I Do this kind of a thing I fully agree with you, but there's something has happened down here if you office dead that we can't overlook it It's an image problem and a problem that you might want to address yourself I don't look quite out of tell you though. Why are you firing him? Well, it's a little delicate unfortunately We found on my top of his desk making love to a secretary Well, I can understand you're being upset at this point, but Stupid Ryan son of a bit like him believes this well He's gonna need your support through it I right now he's on his way home to any kind of way home to me Got another thing coming when he gets home. I'm gonna please walk on the door I'm sorry if that's side on the front lawn. He can just have it all I am not even gonna be here when he gets back Son of a bitch and now now I don't feel so bad about this brother Well 32 at five 60 You know the thing you'll be very pleased about is I'm saying this this go away as a gift now You didn't put this in that package you sent the other did you? No, well, this this one is going. I don't have it. I do okay. I do it the moment I'm mainly it away then I won't ever be tempted to play You may all down here. I'll make copies and send them to you. I don't know everybody Where do you? Yeah, you promise of course So you don't have this. I don't think so. I mean I might be somewhere in the studio You know buried very deep somewhere, but I don't right. I don't know I'm gonna all choke up about it Okay, I'll send it to you when they make copies and send it to the appropriate parties You got it. You know I'm fucking. Okay, great. Okay. They'll go over here in my pile I got news for it as a collector's item. That's not one lot of people are gonna be hold on to I mean it haven't trust me Well, I'll tell you I wouldn't be trying to sell it on me 257 votes on the pool. Ah I'm getting really dug gagged up about it. We have 13 numbered the 62 my space friends at a my space page nothing We want to mention that though We don't want to mention too much. You know because then you get all better shape. Oh Always talking about his atkins and about my space. You know you start with that crap Then we start with that crap sure. Yeah So that means we got 1257 all together I am the owner of an overactive Sex drive 49 oh there's Prince Harry got his the ugly. Oh man In fact, I say send who I've can is and put him on the front lines. Okay. Hey Harry You bloody brit. That's bad. That was terrible You will not see Prince Harry get his head blown off for you. No overactive sex drive 49 It's moved back in the lead craving for food 47 nothing overactive with me 37 fart maker 31 bladder 24 imagination 20 balls 13 mental disorder nine nervous system 7 sweat plan 6 perinoia 5 thirst for impulse to cover your talk shows with nothing to say for that would be a first I can't even imagine that can you No hypoconbio one and thyroid don't have any that that's an old old chestnut as they say That's what David Hazel used to say WINZ Let's dig out the old chestnuts and I'd say you're nuts. You idiot you old goat See that goes hand in hand without expression about there. What was it the five fingered the five fingered way Discount of the five period this cow way. I've heard the five fingered way before but that was a different Oh geez, I know oh geez 1235 25 to one I got my pantaloo these on him. I sure did to wood vine Tuesday Everybody's in a great chip or mood today because we're gonna kiss everybody good morning And I'll get afternoon is that kiss a listener good morning is that that's a great idea. I just had Because you got a kiss a listener good morning. Oh, you got you You don't like that. Oh, I have to see them first I'm not saying I said you not me. Oh me you Chris Chris can kiss him good morning Chris or kiss anybody anything. It's a lie. Oh, give me Chris. No Chris. Oh, he can kiss an animal objects. No W to Q I Hello, okay, sir I am the owner of an overactive bladder Yeah That was just what I wanted to tell you and you haven't seen those commercials on TV for if you're going and going and going and then There are I'm like it would be five minutes on the news. Yeah, I'm trying most everything. It doesn't help You're how about a bag? How about a little bag? I might enjoy that. Do you have one? No, no, may have left his be on. We'll try to study before it and maybe it's got a long tube I see I didn't make light about because people would have to wear a bag. I mean, oh, can you even imagine it? No, I can't Which reminds me I shouldn't speak ill of the dead but my close good friend fat rich They do really departed. He he had a couple of incidents. Of course when you wait like 8,000 pounds like what you did It just you know, it's not conducive to good health and And there were a couple of times when he was wearing one I think one time he admitted it and another time he didn't put it You didn't have to tell me and I'm saying no, I don't want to get to graphic. It's a middle of lunch time But you know, I'm talking about no, no, I won't drive that frame for it good I wonder if the queen ever has like really bad. I only want to be a guy who is with me. Well, we're doing what? The radio show I'm gonna do what to you talking about the queen and her activities What are you talking about what are you talking about? WQA Hey, man, hello Three things. Yes, uh-huh. They're like it was buying number two that clown that heard that tape manic bit was on the Bob and Tom show Oh Bob and Tom show not an issue. Oh, yeah now Come on, we're gonna get with the fruit cross cakes. Yeah, we're the same thing we're gonna do with you, okay? Come on, I'm gonna get with it confusing us with Bob and Tom. See Bob and Tom can probably still play some pretty funny stuff They don't have Joyce you can tend with in fact We have some good Bob and Tom bits we can't play anymore either for example High-spelation G. I love your dress and your hair looks so shiny and manageable. Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders? That's one of my favorite favorites too, but we can't play that even in fact That'd be a good thing. Maybe we'll do that tomorrow We'll play a little bit of all of this we can play if I if we can do that the rest of the year That's how long that would take. Let's play just a little bit Listen to me it's just stand by and steam for so fucking yeah. Yeah, see that we can't play that We can say that though, right right if we once had a sponsor are called sofa Place King we have to leave like a long call and how many so we did I did I think it's a lot better to Well, there you go. W 2 a and hello Hey, you know how you doing just right now up to the guys like you know the cable deal. Okay, okay That's it. Bye W 2 a and hello What is it? Yeah Man yeah, I am you're right W 2 a and hello not there Q a and hello No, yes, sir That that uh, aches and that you started to play earlier. Can you now play that whole thing either now? Oh sure Wait, you're this is this a request You want this let me say again is this a request? At the comment You don't want to hear it I love you are the whole thing. Well, I'm gonna play it a minute Jesus come What are you you try to do something nice there's nothing worse than some you try to do something nice try to be agreeable You know like whatever he was saying what was he saying? I don't know you know what I'm saying no Now what were you talking about the queen what are you babbling about what is it that I'm doing you about the queen I thought you were about to talk about her bathroom business Why does somebody say it's an adult? That's what I thought that's what I thought you were going well, so what their business is a make? It's oh, I guess it's a royal flush Oh Royal flush we wouldn't have a bit by that name would we and now a royal I don't think we can play it. Oh, no, we can't That's another bad I'm so glad you said whoa That's wicked Visual home for Miami dolphins football Oh, that's the whole way. This looks so good. That's just it to the end, so... Oh, it's radio, 5, 6, 6, 6, 9am. My junior, honey. Oh, my God. Oh, when this quarterback gets lonely... You feral. He likes receivers then or why. Some people say that number eight is gay. They say 12 of the big brown eyes. Black don't take man. He goes down on his knees and he's meant to move. It's guys he likes to please, he's meant to... He loves to serve cowboys on their behalf. Black don't... You feral. He goes down on his knees and he's meant to move. I can't some balls to squeeze, they can't... Don't let him cause he likes it from the... Black don't, Black don't. You're all saying one thing about Florida Boy. They just hooked him up with some of my blonde blood. Is the Averma, he's all for something crisp? I do believe he got married. I think they did. They married him off. You know, because it was a standard look man. People started talking to us, all the commercial endorsements, and they take you off the NFL pregame show and oppose game show and all other stuff. I'll take you one other thing about him. We never have any pictures of him with his hand on some young man's crash like Brady Quinn. I just mentioned that in passing. That picture... The more you look at it, the more you wonder. I mean, you know, guys like to have goof around and etc. You know, you're just jealous. Jellus on the right. That's right, your hand. I'm Brady Quinn's crotch? Yes. You're right. 1247, a QA. I'm a Texas Republican Congressman in Voltaf, founding Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux clan in a floor speech. He delivered yesterday's importantly, a rack war. Nathan Bedford for us successful Confederate General said it bested out, winning in victory and the means to doing so. He said, get there first just with the mostist said representative Ted Poe for a recent Republican at Texas in a one-minute or four-speed to the beginning of Monday's session, the House representatives. He then called on Congress to fund the war in Iraq. Congress needs to send the generals the mostist and his to speak or needs to send a quicken and personnel that is needed. Doing this will help our mission in spite of the congressional surrender groups desire to retreat and quit he added. Poe left out for us just to be as found where the Ku Klux clan and it isn't... And addition to fighting on the side of the Confederacy just minor details. Although he repeatedly denied membership even lying to Congress, forced in fact led the clan to one of its most violent and successful periods when rolled tear risks he didn't rolling back reconstruction. Reconstruction. Can you believe that? Go ahead. Hit it. I said in there a party in the room. We're getting ready to work on it. I'm going to FedEx it to you and I said you'll dispense it to the authority of the distributed and they'll just pin their pants. Even told one newspaper report that while he was no member he intended to kill Vatican Republicans is quite a bit Southern property law center. Rule calls heard on the Hill column which first revealed the speech column also in order to that Poe in fact miscoded force who had said to get their fastest instead of first. Tom Hanks titular character in the 1994 Academy award winning film Forest Gum which freely riffs on the Congressional Sanctuary's American history was then after the Confederate General and clan founder Bumps mother named him for us because sometimes we all do things that well just don't make no sense. Like go watch and move you like that for example. So what have we ever decided about this by the man three we had a very apparently only person that thought it was okay and everyone on the it sucks I'm it the only one in the world. Well I've been made on money I guess just because of the hype you usually word of my life it makes sense with their mouth people like to rip you know and I stand by what I said it wasn't long on plot I was just not boring had a lot of stuff going on yeah but it was a two-month short was taken in the use of as he's in his uh... but you know it's surfing it under way in ten he was in his under well that's good enough for me I wouldn't mind being his underwear emerging from a cloud of greens now how did he look to be looked like the old the james franco from when he looked really christian is old he looked pretty good there he looked he looked just finding it to find job I see what you probably see I've stuck are doing the same ad what through city looked just fine that's right as oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah that crap the wife is a guy that's all I can say got fine right what do you know why say no the wife in the kid to tell a beard it's all an after you know that hold it well you know the tray equipment three hundred and six votes on the full which means we got thirty six I think we're going for fourteen hundred total which means we're going for four hundred on this second full of the day what do you think christian we all right then you must turn yourself off for somebody did you back here you're here there you were you we didn't hear you first thing we heard that you you know earlier I don't have to mention to you on the earlier you just dropped out and I looked out in the red light was on the box and I thought oh we lost and we did for like a second we lost the uh french connection every once in a while they'll be a driver I said we're the christico christco yeah that's one you answer for everything isn't it don't we do we do stop talking about the queen in her bomb movements why did you get so better shank about that with them I just wanted to uh go there but yeah yeah girlfriend well why not it's unsavory because I know that it stinks the world movement yeah no not the robot I don't know what they said let's go there don't start again wqa m hello wqa m hello nearly just a little fiber port listening to the 79 the ticket not released that interested sir not the least bit interested okay don't care no interest not play in that game uh don't waste your time 560560 you see the number come out let's let's see what happens next month when the next trend comes out and they lose that big January and all of a sudden oh gee what happened where no yeah you know they did the same thing was it last year I forget how long they've been on the air remember they had that one month in the beginning 18 to 34 men and they had those you know a couple of wired batteries and they had them bogeys number the disappeared the meaty next month and oh that's gonna be our target demo we're gonna kick ass 18 to 34 and then of course after that it all vanished I mean well what what's the use what's the point just desperate we're not playing that game at least not an issue I've been doing this too long we had too many fakers to make losers come along try to play the oh gee we're gonna kick me a larger than no you're not you're not doing it now and you're not gonna do tomorrow or two weeks from our show or the other time trust me WQAM hello yes sir what do you mean by that like we can't do that I can't play this I can't play that because they're censored because we can't we got the just censorship that we need to discover that fcc and joys now who is choice she's the corporate bitch in April's Florida she's the corporate attorney who's made up her own set of rules which are far more restricted than the fcc even in their current fashes mentality and tens and you don't have like anything to say about that of course not what do you mean I have something to say about that I can make up a policy for the radio station don't but you have a contract and in the contract it says you can't say contract says that you've been well by by all company policy and everybody's contract says that yeah I did tell him push me until he doesn't even get it because they're a bunch of go and you tell him let me ask you this when you go to work by and you say you get a machine what does that mean I never can't be for you never heard of slot machines before they have I see I'm so I don't know that I say I hate to break the news to serve but for several years now all the all the race traction in the province of Ontario have there are already seen us just like you've got an us finally in Florida and they all have slot machines did you have about the new legislation that's approved for Florida yes I did well now I hear about it don't you think I'm on the air every day talking about these things don't you think I have my nose in the news you definitely do without me you're sure you're good in a sheen man I'll see you you heard about it George about what I don't know whatever he was talking about three hundred one votes on the poll he don't know what I'm trying to do my machine see you think I'm going to do better horses I don't know hey look look what I tell you would buy race track you know they're assuming it's only horses and man you talk about a place that just just raken in the dough they got three or半 in the afternoon harness racing and I slot 24 seven it's like a money my sheen man you and I should have a scan going like that a money my sheen just suck it in the money double the two way in hello Taylor grabs the ball school double the two way in hello as a bad guy double the two way in hello yeah me yes sir on your rating how did you think between boys 12 and 15 ha ha ha ha ha double the two way in hello you yes sir amen have you heard that you saw me was saying you might you might you might you don't you want to play in hello rule here you want to play basketball I'm feeling like break double the two way in hello oh yes I'm one of the four people that voted that they call a radio station and have nothing to say mm-hmm you're it yep could have fooled me not double the two way in hello two way in all I double the two way in hello hey no how you doing good I was I didn't join you show very much today well I just wanted to let you know so I had sent you a letter a couple of back by back a couple months ago and you may not have been I remember but I had said that I have found it responding at difficult to listen to you show because it has been come so sanitized which I recognize wasn't your fault and I ended up setting the same letter to jolly bell Rogers or whatever famous yeah toebell and I said a copy across state and uh it's I guess they evaporated in the mail or were were stolen because the SOB's that run the operation never responded thank you for your call up a roll whatever they just disregarded what I had to say on here they're not interested in the time to tell but it's a story that you was because you didn't expose your boob on TV or anything like that and once you did a people don't like they could turn off the channel and it just annoys you because I don't know let me ask you something why you uh why you venting all of this to me is if I don't know these things I know you know but I just want maybe somebody will hear what he was on the air maybe man they don't care don't to understand this company doesn't care when you're going to get through your thick skulls or they don't care they're not going to read your letter they don't care what I think they don't care what George thinks they sure don't care what christ things they don't care they screwed it up and now they're going to fix it not they put for well on here they put stern on the air right after they get near lost in their license with for real which was an act of lunacy I mean I could go through the whole litany of things again but it's too depressing I'm not really good mood today so screw off that's just how far away man we're in a euphoric state and believe me that ain't to stay to Florida there's your boy Bubba my boy and direct underfall I will be sure miss him man with without the bluegrass we sure miss him god there was a no farmer who lived on ira he sat in the middle just he missed that some boys who were down by the prick there be no water there is on their marbles and play things and had past war there came a young lady she looked like a pretty young creature she sat on the grass she pulled up her dress and she showed them her rumbles and they says and white club beat duck she said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin while the boys in the barnyard were shoveling rep you send later from yesterday's hunt while the girl in the middle was robbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dock he looked like a man with a size of all home in the country with a big fence out front if he asked her unlike they she'd show him her little betto who was subject to this and maybe she'd let him grab old her small tender and with a movement so quick and then she'd been over and sucked on his candy so tasty made a butter shot and then he spread whipped cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf if you think this is dirty you can go out yourself well so if five sixty w q a and boy a little just a little shade of memory here today of what this show used to be what we used to do and what we used to say and play and that's it all of these are these things see that's another thing that the current regime this guy don't seem to be oblivious to or maybe just pretend or he's just maybe stupid you know tell you about what about the fact that what's upon a time I mean was a totally different show was a totally different world was a totally different broadcast world and different universe now it's like everything is a sensitive and we can say again of course CBS that would be I miss thing that they got burned with the janit action just in ticker well they got burned at the super bowl and find a half a million bucks of whatever is and then they got threatened with losing all their licenses and all other stuff and with stern and yati and so now they peeing their pants of everything that's why i miss got can and i you know what i've been losing 120 million bucks because he's got a win a lawsuit you'll see okay i bet he's gonna get 120 million he's gonna win that lawsuit i'm telling it three hundred and thirty seven votes on the pool christ's mighty imprisive personality he's gazent and hoping that a full stomach from a big melting pot lunch today am i right yes i in the order of an overactive three hundred and thirty seven boy which means got thirteen thirty seven all together oh that's cheating put those two together two bad two sticking bad oh look at this shaman's got a pull here i like that that's an excellent pull and also some comments which will get to momentarily um i'm the owner of an overactive sex drive 71 craving for food sixty nothing overactive with me forty seven yeah likely story and then that's i say i'm perfect you know i got no uh not you believe that no no fart maker thirty eight bladder twenty eight imagination twenty five ball seven ball's eighteen it just balls just moved up again haha haha metal disorder eleven sweat glands ten let's talk about the queen and her notes not you got all up tight about that i'll just pray afraid of one for that you would you would sell in my impression of her nasty old bitch perinoid nine nervous system nine thirst five in post the car video talks are nothing safe five i guess i want to call them into go hold a twice heck of a convict two and thyroid still has got the big oh rock solid yeah you got a rock solid thyroid out of three forty three so we're intonator will easily get to fourteen hundred that puts a real feather in my cat not all right so this is what Sean has to say for two horse race the dirty was pretty good the other day i admire jockey calen brilts dedication but taking your teeth out to make the way this a bit extreme yeah good point Sean he he didn't look at day over hundred hey i was happy for the old koot you know if a hundred one of the really hot young jack he's like hobby or castalano hey hobby or like then let's have the old koot when it he did also says Sean i have no graduates against the other poor guys i'm okay with anyone who contributes to the show my di Charlie b dot com website now it's thing that's cute di Charlie b dot com that's cute not not hysterical all of y'all i'm in the laughing mood today probably after i leave woodland i'll be quite what does that you mean you've got a good machine there i know what that means i certainly saw our emitter relative american spectator once he's been hooking his scavene funded book i never saw her to be for but he's a serious classic is he a serious i don't know who that is you who it says is he a serious closet case or what our emitter well i don't know who that is ever heard it what a fairy it says i think the cameraman will really took watch out so it's a two-wheel's very feminine socks i never saw straight not nine cuban with socks like that before the cuban guys were funny socks yes plus his list makes trimming company sound like very white come on him it didn't take boo badly this long to come out this say and all right nice going john you are really a redeemier so what do we got here another fact that says hey georg i try calling the show not too long go but couldn't get through i just wanted to let you know that you aren't the only person in the world of life spidey three i thought it was excellent this coming from somebody who's read spidey all his life to and i'm planning seeing it again i'd see it again he says his marco thank you marco's which is for a lot of crap into it people don't know if you know you're too excited you're losing that but i'm not going to lose you I I'll wait and then i'm sure i'm looking at what i'm like a part of the cop i watch the same as never a spider man fan in the comic books and ever read the red spider man i didn't buy on my right other people's you know i read you know i'd like plastic man no problem with that i like plastic man the day for make a plastic man movie i guess they know it's there no he didn't know that yeah positive public trust i am db it no why not because i know you know they never made a plastic man movie i know they never made a plastic man movie based on what based on i haven't seen it oh i got a headache well i've tell you one thing you must have gone overboard with the pot w q a m hello i'll turn it down q on it yes sir yeah i was watching this very interesting documentary the other day about the 9 11 attacks yeah the they were saying that um there were i mean a lot of it is is uh very um damaging i guess to the government i mean there was obvious cover up and but but there's something that they say and then i just think is ball i mean they say that the missile came out of the planes before the uh the powers they say that uh plane didn't hit the Pentagon but the most of the witnesses say that the that a plane did hit the Pentagon but if they would just stick to the the the most damaging uh things to the case like you know what what it you know point it you know you're less like it's like the who killed jf case like all of these things will never know the truth well that's what the government does best they cover things up they do they they may be in the every other respect will come to cover things up they do a fabulous job great job at that why i got news for you Hillary Clinton uh become the president of serious war in serious trouble amen correct you Ali back he's serious what's been it for the next president why house hopeful baracco bama yesterday we but jy and u.s automakers over gaskas on cars warning they have themselves to blame for corn was after racing to build bigger faster vehicles the democratic senator travel industry hardland and Detroit the war in America could no longer sustain bloated energy consumption unveiling plan to encourage auto companies to build more fuel efficient cars by the way the new core decades twenty miles a gallon i just thought mentioned that in fact my my kids get to the fine mileage i have no problem it's not like most people probably think that corvets are gaskasers right they are not okay the out of industries refuse to act for a long time is left in my right and a predicament for which there's no easy way out of bama said but expensive to do is no longer an excuse for faded do we said becoming the latest presidential candidate to call for energy policy before well dependency corrupt emerging democracies jeopardize do a security in harms the planet obama said fine with senior Hillary senator Hillary Clinton uh from uh lesbian on for example in democratic white house field for the sake of our security our economy our jobs in our planet the age of all the most aimed at our time abamitled the Detroit economic club also known that our workers union is also resisted change for years while foreign competitors were investing in more fuel efficient technology for their vehicles american automakers were spending much of their time investing in bigger faster cars the result was he said well u.s. cars typically average amount twenty seven and a half miles a gallon japanese vehicles since the past american centers is an average of forty five miles to the gallon he pledged to strike a bargain with auto manufacturers while offering tax incentives to help them upgrade plants to produce more fuel efficient vehicles and help the freight healthcare cost for workers it firms invested in wage technology and and at the same time I'm passing that along view for the past prices new record highs experts say thank you Mr. President for these low gas prices by the way experts say four dollar gallon gasoline is just around the corner oh my god i think it's going to happen said fuel fund secured senior marketing listed alir on trading in Chicago unless things change dramatically he'd be saying i think we're going to see four dollars a gallon oh my god already prices in California average three forty eight a gallon accordingly motorist organization triple a and one service station San Francisco is charging three ninety five according to gas buddy dot com i handy site that listed cheapest most expensive gas stations by city and state across the country gas buddy dot com refinery problems is strong demand are the two main reasons for the run up price said a record high three oh seven a gallon according to the one brews survey release on day refinery output in the u.s. has been below normal for several months now and after fire's nexons combined with longer than normal maintenance shutdowns for the production Peter butel oil a listed consulting firm Cameron Hanover noted in recent report that refineries haven't operated above 95% capacity before hurricanes read and Katrina in 2005 before 2005 the refineries clustered around the Gulf Coast and badly damaged in the storms routinely operated over 95% capacity flins of gasoline stocks have fallen for the past 12 weeks straight and are now at their lowest level for the stem of the year since nineteen fifty freaking six fifty six this all comes just as a nation years up for the summer driving seasons for a bivocation families and students out of school school how do you like that four bucks a gallon baby so we've got an 18 gallon tech that's only 72 bucks to fill her up a bargain wow what a deal let me see if you can drive over the work every day and home is that pathetic or what thank you Mr. President for our so-called cast crisis you know I'd like to find a kid maybe that call how far you ever forget right a real punk a real smart ass right we're self-hating fact punk after the racket tack you know like we're gonna have all the we're gonna get all the Iraqi oil and gas is gonna be a buck and a half a gallon all the other crap right even over there they can't get the you see standing online plus they're dying like flies but I didn't that his heart is very heavy about those poor people in Kansas his heart is heavy his our ain't so heavy about all those dead people a thirty three hundred american troops in Iraq and the hundreds of thousands of Iraqi people it's not so heavy and of course if you look at Laura's board a Laura bush in that picture you can see she's holding a heavy load wow man 365 on his full which means a total of 13 Chris is confident that we're gonna get to 14 archer yes go I try to put that you know give you something you know for little something and give you credit for it why thank you 367 1367 our goal is 1400 after which I'm going to win by in a fine a good horse how young is too young I said it's worth what you've heard I've been looking around when excuse to explain my words you can recognize me my doctors have reached out my head and I keep children around and they're sleeping side my bad people they yeah I'm happy to be so worried But you can be afraid to come and say With this song That's really bad Layed it on my child You're the most honest I've ever had You're the only she I stole in my life With my son and I will see you again Yeah! Before you touch me I call me freaky Let me find and hold I'm sick I believe in all my child Once I get five, six, you've got to kill me I'll be upset on this show First by George especially screw you, George We're gonna play it all, okay? We're playing it all, we love it Am I right? I'll call you on your own Oh brother, only the beeslee could find a bitch like that Twenty past five, sixty WCM, I'm back to when she farts the entire all-naples like You know, it starts swooning I imagine Robert circuit judge Lawrence Corda, the judge spotted by police smoking marijuana under a tree CIT, high-spelant, SIT, ING In a public park, apologize for his actions in court yesterday morning He might get Sorris wearing a dark pissed dress suit in the yellow stripe tie quarter forty nine Faced yorks Nelson Bailey at what a public apology Quarter who briefly heard arguments in cases involving what I don't care about in the cool I'm tired of that Most of the twenty five hours that could be services already finished a drug and alcohol of course City knows you made face additional sanctions from the judicial qualifications commission Why is it every time we hear about any story? Oh, he was heard arguments in the end and I'm tired of an in a cool. I'm tired of a dead kid I'm tired of her. I'm tired of the baby that's still alive. I'm tired of how we're stirring the fake one all the stuff Although I make no excuse for my actions have attempted to demonstrate my sincere Contrish me more some acceptance of responsibility by taking a voluntary leave of absence from my judicial duties until this matters Resolve before the judicial qualifications committee read from the apology and he said anybody got a What a joint Court it into the plea and I'll kill either the women last week and then this business in America with it. Oh, I'm so tired of it I'm so tired of this juvenile attitude and there's there's murderers that you know Serve like a couple years of a sentence to get turned back out on the street and trauma those trees all the stuff But if you've got a little bit of pot if you've got a pin joint like clearance freaking token Thomas then you know that crap Tony, Tony, but only man Yeah, I hope on this And fake or you hypocrite As long as court is successfully completes the conditions including random monthly drug test 25 hours a community service next to smother charges will be dropped This tends to exceed the punishment that would normally be imposed as a turning Michael dot coat hold the judge And as a stream of sanction for first time offender the hearing was over in about ten minutes and court left with dot co to go smoke a big fat one I'm sure What is a big deal with this he was charged with the first to be a misdemeanor after how do you please say this mine So I'm smoking marijuana to park in March at the time court was given a citation and notice to appear in court We caught you talking a fat one nine and a nine Police state, baby, that's what it's all about it's a freaking police state, sign America In fact, isn't that one of the Christmas stuff police got my pie? Yes, it is it is it is? It's somewhere it's under X miss hey you better get with it mister you let me down Wait, wait, man nothing that's just because it's right on and time bit we don't have it Although they probably would give it to us, you know, they love you I can play the whole thing It's a Christmas trip with Christ say 34 and a full the gutter d 84 total today and we're kicking ass There you go, that's gonna that's enough We're kicking ass our own of course, and that's because of fat as Joe he's in the big kick and ass He doesn't get it he thinks he understands is sure we think she knows something about it He hasn't got a clue What we do what we used to do what we can't do no more and he knows it's a typical radioway Hey go on there and make magic for us, you know Total it and don't do that and certainly don't say this and don't play that and don't do anything but don't do much Amazing, but you do some big number in there. We know you're gonna have a big humongous April ride Sure, we are Way to get this next story as soon as I refresh this baby Cuz I want to see when we get to that 1400 and you'll see It's still 384. That's not good We need 16 more hosts to get to 400 on the second pool. Maybe if I read the thing, but I'm not gonna Goldman's made bit on OJ's if I did it book The family of murder victim Ron Goldman hopes to federal bankruptcy judge and Florida will clear the way for them to bid on the right To OJ Simpson's canceled if I did it book so they can publish their own version of Goldman turning said yesterday Are we less to questions to acquire the bookwights? Ultimately we packaged them and put it up commercially said the lawyer David Cook confessions of a double murder is the working title I'd like that. I like that a lot better than if I if I don't it or whatever what Confessions of a double murder All men Simpson lives in the candle is maintained as in since it's 95 but a week better who put about the golden family however One ninety seven wrongful Dutch has been against Simpson that's not grown about 38 million In the Florida bankruptcy case the Goldman's claim that the entity called the rain book associates was essentially a shell company Used to negotiate the if I did book deal between Simpson and Harper Collins the project which was also envisioned a Simpson tell of an interview on Focult was canceled November amid intense public outcry They were Shrieking and screaming and given a big goshry and Rightfully so The book was built as a speculative tale about how the murders might have occurred But Simpson said later interviews was mostly about his relationship with his wife You know the one that he beat the crap out of Cook and kill cook said they're about 10 completed chapters including one with gruesome details about the Performed murders Dr.man's problem the case show that lba was controlled by Simpson's children and include a letter from Simpson and Harper Collins acknowledging that lba has the right to win of the agreement and bind me personally the terms of the book deal Harper Collins acknowledged paying Simpson about 880 grand for the book the cook said the Goldman family is Interesting in trying to get that money and steady said the goal is for the book rights controlled by lba to be option and for the Goldman's to place the winning bid Then right their own version the truth another Every choice we have now is bad. This is the least a reference of course said money is justice and for justice We go see you know who First US bankruptcy judge a jacristhal must agree that friend Goldman Ron Goldman's father as any claim on lba assets a judging California's rule that I'll be it was a surrogate for Simpson but the issue is still pending in the Florida bankruptcy for Whole and hearing yesterday crystal did roll at Simpson's oldest daughter R. Nl must give a deposition in the case And then lba must turn over detail financial documents to a court appointed trustee in Goldman's lawyers The attorney representing lba can't Rick Whittle didn't appear at the hearing didn't return telephone calls seeking comment about Fifty minutes before the hearing was to start Whittle filed an emergency notice for delay Chris the lord and Whitler remain in contact with the others in the case who can probably complain yesterday That he's been virtually unreachable by phone that order crystal said should be handled over to Whittle's office It's certainly not proceeding in a professional and civil manner crystal set of Whittle's actions He doesn't sit in any Goldman family members appeared at yesterday's here In the way For I recall the day On the side I'll drop a ride And he won't confess I don't care what they say because I'll change but it'll wear me love It happens so soon On the 12th of June And no change Man away On that bloody mess I don't care what they say because I'll change but it'll wear me love Oh my god I have waited for the one But I see you still on trial It goes on and never ends As it does I know that I'll jibber to them Not give up please and Throw away the keys It's the game All the claims All business It's the same I don't care what they say because I'll change but it'll wear me love It'll be better I don't care what they say because I'll change but it'll wear me love Are you sure? That's the blue He did a press he got four ways I haven't moved him a little long ago The sale I'm in somewhat Swiss cheese Not craft by the way Please you well if you had all that fun do from the melting pot Why can I have a little something so it will no cheese this time remember But yes What do you mean we just had to meet if you recall well I got my meat and cheese I do like that I'm not that later yeah Pretty good to My master O'Jeno Solami Solami the genus in French Gens lactose Sounds like toast how could Solami have lactose in anyone? Yeah, it'd be surprised What do you mean by that? Oh, they put lactose at all kinds of things I imagine And I got my cheese slices which are just loaded with lactose I'm not lactose intolerance because if I what I'd be dead Right, I just love cheese I don't think we're gonna be anybody in the world cheese more than I do all kinds of cheeses What's this is quite an acyago man if anybody ever had anything as good as a piece of acyago cheese And you remember what that guy said in the godfather Jack Walts Say what He was in the sun He was the greatest piece of ass I have I have had of all over the world That's pretty soon. I was just before you found the horses at least but piece of piece of horse Or this is really good see this is excellent because now this is my lunch. I have my bacon for breakfast of my lunch Then I go to well would buy and lose my lunch What are you gonna do? They're gonna find a good machine? Seriously between a guy I don't know which was better That guy or the guy who said yesterday he saw the president of serious on TV. Oh, that guy the serious guy the serious guy Meaning Syria Syria serious yeah, he was serious and that's the best part of it is he was serious. He's an idiot Don't you Q. I am hello Okay, sure It was two guys wasn't it that it wasn't even the group you're not even Peter and Gordon world without love I heard something that the Beatles wrote that song and they gave it to them Is that what that is correct that is absolutely correct sir, man. You got your thumb right on it You have a good day Capital records two by the way Peter and Gordon world without love That I was a districtie now. I'm just a jerky I'm not answering that line nine by the way. In fact. I'm a never answered again I should probably give that number out. I don't even know what that number is That's the toll free number. You know what it is yeah eight seven seven Wait a minute wait a minute. I'm gonna bet it. Oh Huh How's that what I just did this thing's been sitting there so nicely for five years did you just mone? No, no, I just I just pulled the thing off of them. I ripped the a pants. It's okay 1877 785 660 645 well who'd hell would remember a number like that? I'm not me. Why read it off of post and note oh Let me take that back on you again This is not good matter. I don't like the way that came out Bastard anyway 1877 75 6545 because online nine that's a toll free line like if you're in Palm Beach We're like in Chicago or in Kennedy when you're somewhere like that because I'll be getting online That that's all we get What surprise oh yeah, what a shock. That's why puns it up to because there is no doubt that's what we get Do it heck of a job on that jelly Joe let me tell you you when you're Surelock homes crowd and the whole the gossip club and creamy yeah, oh yeah love the screen this okay Screen this WQAM hello You know how the gate challenge there's I got a gate dummy QAM hello Hey did you know 50's actor Johnny the mora 50's western the Samar Ronnie Zamora Johnny Johnny Johnny the mora. He's he's got out Ronnie Zamora WQAM hello nice going Alice Are ready the first It is When is that it's off the coast of Georgia and in Jacksonville Florida right now That's a soft Florida Not the soft Florida sir Yeah, you're on your way. Okay, right away to a mental institution. It's on its way. What is that man talking about you have any idea? No, I'm gonna go to the rare Better not miss without volume through the outside of that oh boy I really looked it up we're safe. Don't sweat it Good My narrator okay Rate our image from the Miami from the national who's the director now? Oh look at that there's some spotty a crap around look at that. I wish that that's all ground clutter There's no rain is it raining no and you wouldn't know anyway right let me hit the loop to loop the loop Oh yeah, there is some more crap some showers off any every ladies and to the western you know I don't know if that's real rain or not I guess south south they'd Rain it over there What else at all about it's not supposed to rain don't tell me the weather forecast is screwed up we can't afford any rain on Thursday Let me just tell you right now if there's any problem with that game on Thursday You want this as well on Chris is on it. We just both you guys you're on Stay your Georgian Christian great and get what's his naming your boyfriend in here who's that? Josh oh yeah Darrell WQAM hello WQAM hello QAM Ola WQAM hello Well now yeah Okay, sir Yeah, shout this WQAM shouted out 2 a.m. Hello. Yeah, I'm only for DJ last WQAM hello Yeah, that's it that was the car I knew was a car. I thought maybe he just might but that was it He shot all his energy he shot his um oh sorry Joyce Both WQAM hello Not rain it's cheese a keep in 20 tilt to a 560 WQAM we got the man bill coming to two we got the Humphrey coming at four he's We're trying to start a campaign to see if we can't keep Hank alive at least we're going to the rest of the triple crown anyway We're two the one who was telling me he looked like puffed up like a boofo toaster something on the He's been an email that you got I know what it was it me you're so touching them and first about the queen Look at that no problems on places Yeah We're like we're having a fun Tuesday here mainly my relationship with Hank Makeers of 991 and Supernanny comes a Hollywood twist on this show entitled so Liberty Nanny join us in episode one as we bring in Balldwin That's exactly what he's going to do to this suburban couples a little girl with his somewhat controversial many in style of calling good child names you are a Watch as allied plays board games with a little girl then acts like a really sore loser when she wins all the time Lick takes losing board games very personally You have a As he then refuses to play anymore I let tells the girl that he would play other games with her except there's just one little problem He's yelling at a child like this in appropriate Alex your doesn't think so You're 12 years old 11 years old each the most interesting style of manning ever Join allied Baldwin as our very first ever celebrity Yes, yes you have one point seven and who cares you know I'm so sick and tear that's why I played that because everybody's all whipped up about that It's either an and a cool or it's allied Baldwin only Kim Jong-Yosuke care about allied Baldwin Because he's got him he don't know what to do it 444 Chris 14 every 34 today total so it doesn't like it because it's two different pulls. I know problem with that Well good All bad news a bearded Arctic seal can't be yesterday and the tarp and river in four blah-dale died Late this morning at sea world in Orlando He died we all sit around to say cottage for the assume you know why he died well get to this in a second Elect cottage cheese the six what three hundred pound bearded seal was between two and three hundred pounds Underweight and similarly the hybrid that the veterinarians will know the animal had to underline diseases well until And across he is done later today Last night it was it was very depressed And we saw more of that this morning said Chris dold a step at the park Unfortunately the animal became even more on response and we had to try to resuscitate him But we could not it became depressed one on a lie why because it started Where would it help was and a wound up in South Florida when you'd be depressed sure And it said The seal arrived in Orlando last night in the hope she could be rehabilitated for return to the wild but he died Wildlife officials rescue the seal and four lauderedale's tarp and river Monday Thousands of miles from its icy home waters if you stared out the Arctic and he wound up in four laudered Oh geez, I'd be depressed Rescue has kept to the seal which had bumps and bruises but didn't appear to have any major trauma in the late afternoon The old said the mammal speeding patterns are more slightly off because it was so far from his natural element the seal would have gotten most of his Hydration from his food forging for crustaceans and bottom feeding fish Being out of his natural element being the hybrid I think the animal was just too far gone The old said the seal appeared to be in the proper life from the old male it goes on and on and on and on and Like yeah That's what we care about in Florida we care about people to much people care about Manities and bearded whatever this thing was what was it a bearded seal? Yes, well I mean that's sad you know I'm an animal lover, but never really big on bearded seals were you I didn't know they had them well, I didn't either I'll tell today we thought about plan now and now he's dead And you wanted to why cuz why do you go to South Florida to the die? That's right that's why he that's why I showed up there See they're acting like it's some big mystery. That's why every creature goes to South Florida to die Now if you actually started off there, you know obviously you want to get out before that happens get out 438 votes on the pool. Let's take a look what we got here. I am the owner of an overactive blank sex drive 96. Oh, that's pulling away Sex drive is moving into the lead Craving for food 75 Nothing overactive with me 63 right we believe you not Farcmaker 49 See now I'm you know it's kind of interesting because what is the appropriate far maker? What's what's the right level? I don't know let's rely five a day or 20 a day yeah couple three I mean around the real You know you're isn't the morning and be a problem in the time and it wouldn't be a problem that you weren't around people Imagine Asian 38 bladder 34 balls 19. Oh, by the way send that bag to that guy to call me for mole That's the bag behind it's got a nice long tube Bowls 19 I wonder if the queen voted on this yet how much does she's got overactive balls Can you imagine all the I don't want to the the world there you go there you go. I know I can't stop Sweat lands 15 mental disorder 13 speaking of the queen paranoia 12 nervous system 10 Impulse to call radio talk shows with nothing to say seven I think that number ought to be a little bit higher First six hypoconvia two and thyroid still out of four hundred three nine votes has got the big Nobody even a fantasy cows aren't using as an excuse anymore Even being fat most of my life. I'm I used to laugh at people they'd have these TV shit like Corraldo TV shows work What they bring on the 400 time guy or woman or her well, I've got an out-of-right if thyroid yeah, right As long as I live on never forget the show where Corraldo had that they showed the guy wait like 600 or 700 pounds Mm-hmm and he was surrounded by his fat family And they all kept bringing food he couldn't get out of bed. They had a they had a physically We moved him from the bed through a crate with a crane through the roof in the house That's a true story they had a removing with a crane yeah They couldn't get him out the door And they should all these people sitting around his bedside crying While they were eating yeah, I like in fat so you know, that's right that's right Just like when down takes the little piece of bread and he doesn't sit in the sauce in the spaghetti sauce and he dips it in the promise on cheese And he takes a little bite and he's been crying about his dead cousin and they were the Wake or whatever it holidays and all of a sudden like oh, I don't know what's that he feels pretty good You know he's got a big smile on his wrist hey, dumb you're fairy and to good movie You haven't seen fat so you gotta go see that after you finish watching standing in the shadows of a motel Yeah, I guess I gotta go what you're gonna send me the copy how long before Spider-Man three I'm looking already See it Oh man you don't waste any time I'll tell you that let's go back to the previous full we had today about to see yeah movies I spend much more money on media than I would ever Take exactly and of course a lot of money your man can get me that you spend man is really like a gift for everyone Take I buy two or three so You know Joey Zazza says you don't want to give I'll take Said five finger deal again The life can get convoluted in a lot of different ways I want to thank my guests today Now you're the one who was betrayed yes and you're the partner who's strayed from your relationship Of course and how many times have you been with other women since you've been married more than a thousand Hillary was a great ride but not good enough Sounds that make you feel very very ugly she says he started gagging at the side of her body Flabby stomach sagging chest stretch marks she was a pig hey She's the 20 grand on plastic surgery hoping her husband would only have eyes for her Yes, but she says it wasn't enough to keep him faithful no Physi you've cheated since the surgery, right? I couldn't stop now this woman that you were wheels Monday night. This was three women three all one time Of course, okay, I never wanted that night to end Are you listening to this? Yeah, and you got a serious decision Am I he believes he should be allowed to cheat when he gets bored you need to get a abortion move on Are you willing to do that are you absolutely not can you understand he was with somebody Monday night you that I did Hillary was all for it in fact I procured women for Bill. I was so proud of her okay I mean are you cool with it? Yes, if not I would be gone. Bye bye bye