How heâ€¦ Ohhh! Doesn't really know Dork Duallens Sorry to hear that waksawling Unless i'm a fucking ma Paul baine The time and time they'll get to And Nows I thought when you've been into it, Kevin with a K-Mod, Oh, it's quit and time became odd And going to the point you've got to K-Mod, get fired out of the way! No more pills on two shots, but I'm there with it! No more fates and slippers, too! 99 a pair! No more of those cheap chefs you've played these days! You've got to not come and back to K-Mod, every with a K-Mod, Oh, now it's quit and time became odd And going to the point you've got to K-Mod, get fired out of the way! There's the word SWAT come to mind, huh? But I used to shot, but when I was there, you know, back in the day when I was there six, seven years ago, I've traveled to K-Mod, just to piss off the people Walmart, you know? Yeah, I do that with time. Not to pay pay to any attention, but I shouldn't have had a big sign. Hey, I'm your rod, there's no shop in it. K-Mod just because I can't stand you back to do their Walmart. And they were going to say, yeah, who cares? Who cares if that old faggot? That's what they were going to say. By the way, got a fact yesterday afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, this is quite a day today for me. This is a revolutionary day. This is two in a row. Now, what was yesterday was such a big deal about? I don't know, it was hard to run. So Monday or so, we're early, early, release day. Well, that's right. We had the unexpected Marlins Astros game. How'd that come out Chris? Who won a game? Anybody here? No. They lost four two. Oh, the Marlins lost. Oh, the Marlins. We don't care. And today is a revolutionary. Every day just keeps bringing bigger and better and more wonderful news. The sun is shining. It's going to be, let's see what the temperature isn't. Case-castronable. Once it's all right, it's on a sleeve and put it on the show tomorrow. Let's see. Oh, it's minus 10. It looks really nice sitting here. Look at outside. What's that? It's going to be only a zero, but sunny. It's beautiful. Come on. It's going to be five, which is 41 and Thursday. It's going to be 18 Celsius. All right. 65 degrees. But that's going to be a good day for me to do the show. Running around naked in my boss's shorts outside on the street. Wouldn't it be good? Yeah, it would be take that cordless mic with you. Now, I could do it. So yesterday, I knew it. I'd get, let's see, what's the time of this? I don't know what it is. I don't know. I don't know. It's funny because it says, 1144A, and which is not the correct time. No, I guess the fact machine has the wrong time on it. Must be on. Or what does it mean? One minute after the end of the show. No, two or one, yes, to have to know. And I get a fast from George Rodriguez. And it says, it's from the script of the godfather. And it says, salvage our testio brings in look of Rossi's bulletproof vest. Delivered with a fish inside. Sunny, Santino, says, what the hell is this? And then look of grassy, slip, shard of fishes. It says, city and message, it means look of Rossi's slip to the fishes. Says, peak cleanser. Right. And George right now, I looked it up. You're right. I'm wrong. Well, that's pretty powerful to course at it. Is that the world works? That's a wrong right. All the time, just ask me not to. I mean, what's in a while, I get it right. Not too often. Look of grassy, slip, shard of fishes. Let's just play that all day. Right. Yeah, right. And look of grassy, slip, shard of fishes. Can't you tell by the... Well, Rossi, slip, shard of fishes. She says, got anybody that's seen him movie six, seven times like we all have. And you don't know that's Clemenza. In fact, I want you to listen, let's see. Cannoli, let's try my own. I got it 400 drop ins on here. Now let's all get some tests from that. You know, get some tests, you know. So you can hear how they sound. We all have an E test, you know. We gotta have that. Forget about what's the elicent. Leave it, got it. Take the connolly. Sounds good. They're pretty pretty. Sounds different. You gotta have the, the get me off the... He even certainly won't be able to call out. Look of Brassie. Yeah. Well, let me worry about, look at it. You know, the interesting part about this thing is that all these years we would call him look up Brassie and his name is B-A-S-I Brassie. Yeah, it's Brassie, which I never knew that. Lucky in Brassie, right? In fact, even in the V-C-S here, it's got look up Brassie under Stone coil. Under that drop. I put it that. That commensal line because commensal says Brassie. Is that it? You guys? I do have to find it again. Yeah. I just got off at that damn section here. Now you're gonna make me go back there again. Yes. Or commensal. Look up Brassie. She's free. Brassie. Brassie. Brassie. Brassie. Brassie. Brassie. There, let's start Paul Italiani on the issue, huh? There we go. Yeah, ma'am mia. That's just face in me, Paul. Bambam mia. Anyway, let's get this thing going to do now. Everybody to call in yesterday's invited to call back again today and then some. We had a short what? That was great. That's my kind of show. See if you can say something different today too. That'd be really good. Now I like the guy that young guy to call in. I don't want to say kid. I don't know how old he was. It meant to me anybody under 80 as a kid. But he said, I don't know what I'm supposed to say. That was good. Maybe he'll call back and see that again today. What do you think? Maybe he'll have some of this. I'm kind of refining. I'm refining with show. I'm just not refining. I'm just retuning it. I'm rejigering it. Can I say that? No. No. I'm re-tooling it. I don't think I can say that either. Retuning. I'm fine. WDQAM. Hello. Dolphin Denny. Calling from the other side. Dolphin Denny is dead. Yeah, we had that story yesterday and a lot of people had parties overnight. That's bad. WDQAM. Hello. Leo. Yeah. A question for you. You remember Mary's restaurant out there in, uh, Sure, 155 and um, 441. I used to live right by their Twinites Racken Club. I've heard you talk about my team. I've heard there. Yes. Do you remember the retorted, uh, boss quality used to work there? No, but I remember one of the waiters was a, uh, a, uh, training. I, uh, I, uh, I, uh, I. I, uh, I, uh, I. I, uh, I, uh, I. I, uh, I. I, uh, I. I, uh, I. I, uh, I. I called my aunt one day, uh, years ago. There was one. And they'll front of my youth work there years, four years, eight, Bobby 40 years old still bumping tables. And he said one of the waiters is there was sucked up mean, middle, maybe she challenged him to a fight. What? Yeah, I must have been this one. I must have been to your guy. Anyway, I thought you to remember that. I heard, I think I've heard you talk about future. I love Mary's. It was good that we had the great pizza. Mary's, but of course it's long gone now. Maybe the cell and fried chicken there now or something like that. It wasn't like kind of an ethnic comment. There wasn't no just changing neighborhoods. It's like, uh, Washington Avenue on the beach. Used to be the famous restaurant. All old Jews used to be there going, oh, oh, hey, like that. And now it's all old Cubans over there. Or Washington. Kind of. It's domino. Well, the Cuban restaurant. That's what the famous became. Yes, I'm Washington Avenue. I don't know. It's your territory. It is not. No, and not us. I was there with just what you are sure. I was going to back in my parade today. I haven't been in this good of a mood since, uh, I've been in this good bin last about 100 years ago. I'm trying to think that I ever win a woodbond. I sure can't remember that. It's getting boring. It's getting really monotonous. What I need. That's it. What I need right now. You know, my friend that I met in Berlin last December. I have no idea what his name is. But it hunts. Hunts. Yeah. It's a hunts on the car. Whatever the name was. That's what I need to show up here. You're not going to do it on a weekend. Like, said, or do you want to say, oh, forget about going to a woodbond. I'll just combine and entertain you all weekend. No, that's what I need. It would be just fine. WQAM hello. Oh, yeah. He is really completely, really. On that's him. Oh, yeah. That is him. WQAM hello. Oh, I went up the Georgia Regan. Yeah, about what? Oh, it's not the question. Am I in here? Yeah. Oh, no. Oh, we have to go. I'm sorry. Don't be sorry about it. No, go ahead. Excuse me, sir. Why don't you get a female? For one. Uh, just a few minutes. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. No, go ahead. Just from asking a question about something. Well, well, one. I've got to know. Poor hay at Neil Rogers. No, come on. Yeah, I'm all right. Okay. Thank you. Yeah, come on. That's true to know. If I wanted to hear what the question was. Don't worry. I'll tell you what the question is when he sends me the. Oh, my god. That is so bad. You know, the little teas. Yeah, we have a new format on the show now. But I do. Here's the full. I want to take at least 4,000 calls a day. I was inspired to do this by some of my kind of a couple. I'm a couple of my consultants out there. 14, 12 votes on the 40th day over the last 10 years, what is QM's best morning show. And the answer was on all buzz me now. Don't tap. Oh, oh. And they all sucked to 25. They all sucked. That's bad. Howard Stern 2006 before. Well, I do remember those days when Duff was sitting in there with those headphones. Look at like a real lady. Wow. Look at like a real lady that she is. that she is. But anyway, that's ancient history. Howard Stern, a little bit we carry it up at. Oh, Howard's playing far together, you better. Yeah. For RAL, 200 for RAL. The second first team, Defoe Joe Rose and Gellie, even though everybody hates Defoe like Poison 194, the original first team, which what did you tell me was it was the Dave Lamont and Jimmy Cifless? Correct. I've been 47 for them. And I don't know from that. Hank 109. As in PT 109, it's Hank 109. I hate this full 82, a mere 5.8%. That's not bad. More on Gellie, that's really 50. That's pretty weak. Kenny and Boa, the morning show, which is what we got now, avoided last place on this, which is thankful for that 25, was pretty weak though. 1.7%. Percent. What is seem to be really stuck on that number, you know, 1.7% 25 votes for the Kenny and Boa morning show. When they change the shape of that table, man, it's going to change the shape of radio for years to come. And Defoe Gellie, the broad and the other guy, only 16, bringing up the rear as they say in the radio, but it's bringing up the rear. You're going to see man, we're turning the corner. I'm so full of them and you know, vinegar and whatever goes with vinegar today, you can't even believe it. Can you? I don't know, start to the pee. Yeah, pee. Don't be a pee on. It's one thing if somebody wants to pee on you, but don't be a pee on. What do they call those flowers? Pienes. Pienes. No, Pienes. Seriously. I don't believe me. I know Pienes. I know Pienes. They're like aren't they yellow and whatever? Don't know. You better start learning your flowers, Mr. because you know how squash you want to come to flowers. I don't. And Chris, the good news is we got 800, 800 votes on today's pool already. We haven't even started yet. We got no dropouts on the stream. Thanks, God. So we're here today's pool and we start out with Georgia meeting for once. This is the first time I think in 17 years. I was right and George was wrong. Ghostly Charlie, if you keep plugging away, plugging away sooner or later, just by luck of the draw. Look, Nebraska sleeps with the fishers. Hello, nice college boy. They want to get mixed up in the family business. And now you want to go down a police captain like us. He's lapsed in a face a little bit. What do you think? This is the only way you shoot him a mile away. You gotta get a post like this. The thing you put in friends all over your nice side, Relic suit. Come in. You're taking a very far. Now where did this come from? Did somebody actually come in and do this? I think I would be on here. Remember that Rick and Sudwood have musical guests in and we're now in again. This is the childhood. Yes, Valerie, Don Kuchen, Wet Cup, would cut it out. Valerie, Von Kuchen, would cut the harpist over. Oh, this is the chalice. The harp lady was Valerie. I forget this guy's name because he's fat nugly, but Valerie was pretty sorry, remember her name. Oh, don't want to end on a sour note. I think he had a big. Oh. You're fair, Valerie. Lovin. Okay, 10 18. Don't start getting gone father and tentative again to the audience. We'll turn on you like a cornered rat. You'll say, no, they want. 9 every one votes on the pool already. Why, but your Chris is really the sour relief. And don't don't you dare, start talking about this. Oh, does this a different kid? This missing from a front party. We got more missing kids going on. Inside Owen Hall, it's not known if the body is that of the 19 year old. Oh, no. It's just going on at this hour. So we should learn more. See that that kind of retarder looking kid that went in the hills and disappeared North Carolina. I don't really care much about him. But all body fun and utility clubs at a Purdue university. That's bad. Because this could look pretty good. But anyway, see the good looking people you guys can stay alive and those of us did people. I mean, no, no. 901 on the pool of somebody from out of town visits South Florida make sure they don't miss blank. And look what's women here. Looky, looky, looky here comes cookie as Rinery would say if he were alive or he's not. The new rangers show 262. What did I tell you about? Legendary Neil God. What I tell you? If somebody from out of town visits make sure they don't miss this show 262, I would advise them not to come. That was my vote. That's a very close second to 61. Forget about it. That would be my best suggestion. Anybody out there whose chamber of commerce hates me, but I don't, you know, feelings mutual. If you're thinking about visiting South Florida, but got about it. Right. That's the best advice. South Beach 180. I hate this pool. 52. Only 5.7% will take it. Not bad. Sogress mills mall 32. No, say I'm laying place. I eat. Oh, no. No chance. If you can't afford to go all the way to Brazil, just go to the sawgrass. 32 for the sawgrass. That's pretty said, come on. You know, little have an at 23. Oh, you don't want to miss that. Oh, the early bird dinner 18 tied with cemetery village 18. In fact, you can start it cemetery village and take some of the old cochers up and treat them to an early bird. The jungle queen dinner cruise 18. The my guy 16, which is still there. Put none of those it's still a tourist trap. There used to be that great Italian restaurant right to the next door to it or almost next door called and then it became like a strip club. Gigi's. Remember I'm going to time out talking about that place. Gigi. Yes. Oh, that's about 100 years ago. Man, it was good. That was back in the 60s. Gigi's. But now the my guy is still there. 18 16. Monkey jungle 11 and the Metro Zoo will need 10. Boy, Ryan McGill ain't going to be happy with us on that. And Chris hates Ryan McGill like poised anyway for some reason. Yeah. What is it because you think he's a jackass? He's funny. Fony, funny, voloni, which rhymes with bony, Moroni, uh oh. He's funny in what way. But your cameras on or there's, you know, puts on a good act. Exactly. And then when the camera's on, he was slapping animals around a little bit. I don't know about that. Well, good. So there we go. 9 and 13. Go. So we got a thousand. Look, not even that foot. And it's back to the top of the first hour today. Doug Thompson, do I hear we this from capital and he'll do well. Because once we get these calls man, it's going to be a heavy hit. Right. 22. And what's going on? Hello. New God. Yes, sir. Mary's restaurant. Now, Creole, cuisine. What does that tell you? Changing hoods man. Hey, I'm a third generation listener. And what's very disappointed yesterday when the marlins came on, I had to push me. And I pushed the button and went over to Sid Rosencreen's stance, you know, towards you. David is boyfriend. And he was talking about the odds of who was going to win dancing with the stars. All right. Hi, Patrick. Thanks for the good news. That is beyond pathetic. Thank you very much. And of course, Sid Rosencreen's you keep it up dancing with a star. That's worth that. Anyway, Doug Thompson says I'm trying and failing to understand by me the press gave an indebted former member of Congress a corrupt politician resigned in disgrace. A forum upon which the response hate and division Sunday as President Bush's illegal and immoral Iraq war enters its fifth year. His Tim Rasser is so desperate for controversy that he has to book Tom Delay easily one of the most criminal political hacks in Washington on the top right at Sunday news talk. Show him, let him call war protesters unpatriotic and claim that anybody wants to end the Iraq war is eating and abetting the enemy. Delay is political vrooming. One step away from a jail cell for influence peddling and taking crimes and yet there he was on eat the press being treated with difference by laughed dog russert. Instead of pretending to do any standard of journalism or decency, russert like Delay expand and why he thinks those who protest the war are not patriots. Said Delay, well, it's my opinion that when you go to war, we ought to all come together. So to speak, we can debate going toward that's legitimate debate. But once you have our soldiers and our our young people dying on the battlefield, we should come together and we shouldn't have what we had yesterday on the mall in Washington, D.C. When those are not in my mind, my opinion patriots that are talking about impeaching the commander in chief. When asked if he thought congressional attempts to set it with drull, they forgetting the hell out of Iraq fell into the same category as the leader applied. I think it's eating and abetting the enemy. When you tell the enemy what your strategy is, that's eating and abetting the enemy because they can use their strategy to come back and harm your soldiers. Russet who some feel as a strong interview will likely walk all over him. When he tried to question Delay on his praise and failed former secretary of defense rumsfeld, Delay shot back, the premise of your question is always put forward without the rest of the story and maybe we ought to have Paul Harvey here to talk about the rest of the story. Good day? Russet said nothing and didn't push to get answered to his question and steady went to another guest. It's bad enough that corrupt slime like Tom Delay remained in Congress as long as he did. It's worse that after his many crimes finally cut up with him and he was forced to resign by his own Republican colleagues, he's then given a podium on a national news show to continue his hate-filled die-attribes. His claim that we ought to all come together as political hypocrisy of the worst kind of Congress, Delay thrived and dividing and conquering, he refused to cooperate, worked to destroy any attempted coalition building. Tom Delay is a crook. He was so corrupt that even in the past Republican leadership of Congress itself the most corrupt and modern times they could no longer tell where it is present. Tim Russet is not a journalist. He's a political hack, an unpracticing lawyer who worked for New York Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan and New York Governor Mario Cuomo. Crooks belonging in jail not on television, political hacks belonging in the dustbin of history. Tim Russet owes his viewers in a apology for giving a crook national form, then he owes journalism a decency to resign and let somebody with real credentials take over eat the press. Nice going, Doug. How do you real feel? I'm a real feel. We feel this. I like that. He's good. He's a fucking love of these days that we're going to say, oh, I don't know. I'm going to open it up Thompson. You know, they tried to drag his answer way that one time. Remember? They ever find the cave he's hiding in. Yeah. Well, he's probably hanging out with a caveman. God only knows what they're doing in there. Oh, dancing. You're all in common East is. That would be a good poll question. How much? How much would they have to pay? We would have sex with the caveman with a pissed off caveman. Oh, good. How many how many million? About 30 million for me. Even then I don't think I could handle it. Well, 925 and a full Chris is dancing because I was excited about this. He's real whipped up about the days when we don't have to worry about pushing for that thousand archa. Yes. Oh, yeah. That's love. Just pretend you are. Okay. Two o'clock. It's the mad dog. 4 to 5. It's the power hour with mad dog only, which I don't know. I don't know why just doesn't say 2 to 5 gym and it's because when Hank isn't around, which is today, there is the amends just stupid. It's what it is. Thirsty thing again. That's you. Stupid. Compassed. Any cave 5 to 6 30 when people are actually awake driving home. Any cave. Panther preview of 6 30. Panthers that they fill the obvious flyers that should be a walk over 7 o'clock today must win situation. Any chance of those playoff? No. Any interest in town? No. We love the pan to remember those days. What was your name? Joel in. Joel in. Joel in Daniel. Wow. We don't have that in here though, doing. I think it's on a mini disk. It is on a mini disk somewhere. But we do have this. This is Brett Heddykin and you're listening to South Florida's hockey authority Neil Rogers. Thanks, Brett. Remember him? The makers of queer eye for the street guy. It's queer eye for the omnisch guy. This is what it's frightening. Where you got this? My wife made it for me. Our job is to make you more sophisticated. We love you. We like you a lot when you're all out. We got children. Hands off my data holes in. No, I love this. This is very realm 4 and Spring 0 3. Everything's better in cash. I'm going to get feed us my friends. Oh my God. And trust me. This is phenomenal. Even my cow laugh. See how much more hands than you look already. That looks gorgeous. I think it's freaking out. We arrived for the omnisch guy. You look like a movie star. I want to die. Okay, 1031. I'm going to show you a better watch out which closet you're hanging out in. This kid had Purdue. Which is that picture? You don't look all I could any more. So I don't feel that bad. So Wade Steffi K. 19 years old Purdue University student. He thought that he was getting into the coke closet. To get his coat out. Coat. Oh, he coat. Coat, coat, coat as in a coat of the same. So he had a coat closet. And anyway, so he went into a open room was a transformer in there. Was like some other closet and he got electrocuted. He got fried. He got fried, man. That's bad. That sucks. Well, the most college kids get fried sooner or later. He used much as they can. Generally. Okay, now let's get these phones fried up here. Maybe because I want to have just like we had yesterday. Only we had a short show yesterday. So we had to cut off a lot of good entertainment. I want to see if the audience can do it. Okay, if they can come through now, then maybe they're once in a lifetime thing. You know, you never know for sure. 567560, pound 560 and they've arrived in singular, wireless line. Let's see how long we can keep it going. I mean, obviously the commercial breaks come first because that's all we care about here is the money. But I'll just talk about generally speaking, you know? Let's see how long these people can can maintain them. Low, maintain them today. Low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, low, WQA M. Hello. Oh, Leo. Yes, sir. So long. What are you got? Hey, do you know the can on the godfather video game? Yeah. It's good. You should try it. Okay, great. WQA. Who? Hey, M. Hello. You need to go adding can and can and I'm okay. Didn't hear from me. I said it did way. Maybe that's why we're so good. WQA M. Hello. Hey, nail, in regards to your poll, the key is the people I like to come to town. I said on the jungle queen. The people I don't like, I said the thing and have more proprietary swirl. Mm-hmm. And have a look through your Dave Dixon while you're ready to. Hmm. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, and the Verizon singular wireless line. WQA M. Hello. I'm Leo, great show. WQA M. Hello. Thank you. Yes, sir. Hey, hey, you don't buddy. Okay, buddy. I called you. Go push, guys. I told you I was excited about what was there. Yeah. Well, what there is not a good machine man. We'll approach it. But it's not a quarter. I'm not a high roller. I'm not going to show our nace tip first. But I do not care. I'm a quarter machine. Yeah. I just want to let you know that. I'll be out here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, nobody cares. Okay. Shmuck. And pound 5, 60, the Verizon singular wireless line. No shardin nace nace. This is nifer. Nobody said. Yeah. Nobody cares. How you did an a quarter machine or the nickel machine or the dollar machine or the five dollar machine. Don't you understand it like that kind of call this. They're always still going out to biggest Neil. Yeah. Every week, in fact, I'm even right now. How do you like that? Lifeless man. I have no life. Thanks, my look at the big billboard all up and down. I, 95, and a quarter turn five. I have no life. WQA M. Hello. Life is speaking of the Neil water place. Another man, Fony, Worst, though. Hi Neil. How's your role? I know. And what you were relaxed I know who it is. He's doing all different forces today. At least it's a change of pace. I'm down with you. Q, A M, hello. I like to add something to the pull. I think we should put the other plates on the pull for places to go and sell for it for visitors. Okay. Straight to the other blades. We'll not show you the arrow. Okay. Just to hit you right there. All right. 560, actually some of us live almost two the every blades when you come right down to it. And it's almost as exciting as the fact that the guy found a good quarter machine in Vegas. Jesus, God Almighty, are you people boring? God. How many Q a M? Hello. Hey Neil. Yes. George, if you receive the pictures of my pack, you said I said. Do you get the pack? You get the pack? You get the pack is with the pictures of his pack. You got a small pack and you can adjust to that guy. I'm hoping it. Yeah. I'm a EQ and a hand. A lot of pressure. A lot of pressure. There is. I wondered if I don't know if you talked about it. Yes. Did you pack that on your phone? I'm a jackup. Somebody said it and I see it in a waste basket. This is his right wing. Political meetings are coming through a big time. But global warming. Hey, time is out. Idiot. He said he said we're wasting time showing a story. Yeah. Yeah. And now go this and you mother. Hey, one thing about time, jicko. Yeah. Idiot. Can't get away from his right wing meetings. Okay. There's no such thing. And much to do about nothing. Stick to the radio and TV. I like I said, stick to the TV. That's right about radio. Because he doesn't own one anymore, I guess. Stick to the TV crap. Stick to all those prefabricated articles about the fall TV shows. Okay. Because they keep winding and dining him out there in LA a couple of times a year. To preview the new shows and write a bunch of puff pieces about. This show is going to be great. This show is going to suck. That's really. It's very entertaining time. Not once upon a time we had people write about radio and TV. Right about what was happening on the local scene. You know, and here I said 1200 miles away and I got a better. I got a better grasp of what's going on and he's got. Because he's too busy worried about, you know, about algorithm global warming. Schmuck. W to Q a M. Hello. Um, thinking of a number. You know what it is? W to Q a M. Hello. Yes. I want to talk about places to visit. Yeah. Okay. I'm listening. St. Drought. What is it? The Sandra from now the street join. You got a join. That's good. Well, bring it by. We'll share. Okay. Bring the down on those two. Okay. W to Q a M. Hello. Yes. I want to talk to me. Hopefully speaking sir. Yes. You know, uh, when you were just talking about Tom Chicka. I remember it's funny because you mentioned about his leanings. I was at a fundraiser. Totally unmeasuring. What's the party? Yeah. And uh, I ran into some, uh, you know, bird stone and Steve Schoven. And uh, and you know, Schoven? I mean, uh, bird Schoven and Steve Schoven. It was a guy and he was a rockman. And uh, jico was there. Who the hell knows where these people are talking about? You don't know Andy Rothman? No. I never heard of Andy Rothman. Okay. All right. What about Steve Schoven and first. What about Steve Schoven and bird Schoven and Bird Schoven and brother and all. Okay. He's going to boyfriend. Is that what you're talking about? No, no, no, no. What is this happening with whoever you were talking about in the first place, which by now is for that already. The article by Tom Chicka. Well, the, I want this guy to do was freaking Tom Chicka and Bird Schoven and Steve Schoven's boyfriend. What does that kind of do with it? Yeah. Andy Rothman was there. Yeah. You're talking about the fall. I know Andy Rothman. Okay. He was talking about the fall. Is Andy Rothman sir? Who is he? He is a friend of ours. You know, not in good fellows or Donnie Brethko. He's a friend of mine or a friend of ours. Yeah. Oh, no. Oh, no. That was the end. That was just he was just working on his friend. Well, wow. Woo. Bird Schoven. Remember that lady they call Steve Stone and Tom. Larry Schoven and said it would have been a holiday. Bird Schoven and David Schoven's mother. David Schoven and his mother said that. I must have been one of Steve Stone's old boyfriends. Why? 154 votes on a pool of someone from out of town visits on Florida. Make sure they don't miss the Neil Rogers show. He's speaking legendary. Old fat faggot man. Trust me. 280 votes. 284 now just it just flipped again. You see that thing flip. Wow. Didn't feel anything. 161 votes. 264 284. It's used me for the Neil Rogers show. 272 said advice. I'm not to come. That's what I said. Don't do it. I'm begging you. Don't do it. Don't waste your heart and money. Coming to this outdoor sess pool. South Beach, 195. See a lot of plastic people with a lot of heavy jewelry. Lot of monoconies and bullgarones. I hate this pool 555.7%. Saw grass mills, small 34. What's the magnet there? What's the big magnet? Saw grass mills. Outer. Isn't any? Little of an 25. Early bird dinner 21. Cemetery village 18 sunny. The jungle queen dinner cruise 18. The my guy 16. Get about 20 or 30. Then Paul Nes and drinks in the man. And you're going to run naked up and down federal highway. My guy 16. Metro Zoo 12 and the monkey jungle 11. And that's pretty much how much. Now the pair jungle is gone. Isn't it? Is it still there? They moved in. Yeah. So what's wrong with them? Are we like, uh, what's wrong with the parents? Yeah, put the parrot jungle on there. I mean, it's for the birds. But then again, what is an in South Florida? The freaking parrot jungle. 20 before 11. And we're just getting started on the phone today. You went here and nothing yet. Oh, the last one that you heard about. Best challenge for the faces. We hope you'll be happy to be watching. God. I had a trip in pain. One day she flew away. To Teo on a weather moon. The boat is blue. What? Did I write a quick censorship? There I was in Musonsland. To Teo, you tell you how I feel. Why can't I hear so? When she's she came to our home. And I'll see you with Teo on a tune. How is she okay? Tell her I'm a Sunday. And the SEC won't let me sing this. So am I, Roast and day now at the C.K. Take her hand. Tell me, say. That after this transmission, I'll be out at 90 days old. We're just taking you to our home. That I'll see you with Teo on a boat. But God, I keep the Teo on a tune. I'm dying out there. Nine hundred and seventy-six folks on the fourth night. But love it and talk here. What do you think of that? Do you think we got twelve hundred? I think I've twelve hundred a day. I used to already pick it a number. Wow. Go and we're shooting for twelve, baby. Shooting for the moon. Five six seven. Look at that phone. See what I said about I don't think they can do it again today. And it was only a short show yesterday. Of course, I think they're probably figuring out a top at last guy with the David Schrogerman's mother. Whatever it was talking about. They don't have to. No pressure. They don't have to top it. That's right. No pressure man. Whatever you got. I really don't know what to say. That's good enough. Okay. For this show now. From this day forward. Okay. Mark it down on your arm like the guy in Momento. Tuesday, March 20th. Federal, luckily he'll come down here and says, You don't have that many materials. Just pick up that phone. Okay. If we can motivate you to call that to start. And then one of these days, maybe you will have a material. Unlikely, but just keep working at it. Practice makes perfect. Five five six seven. Five six seven. Five six. What's this delay? Kids, is that manual see there be a cover to one there? I mean, this is always a short one. Hello. That was a short one. WQA and hello. This is going to hurt me more than a short Q-lady. How did you miss that Friday? A little doof. What is he talking about? He's going to come up with expressions again for Friday's pool. Wow. Yeah. WQA and hello. You are for I still not know the disay. I wasn't him either. Now that wasn't one. Still in some other puncture material, I was really bad. That's pathetic. Five six seven. Five sixty. Come on. Let's get these things born in baby. Burn baby, burn, baby, burn. Let's burn it right down. Take the phone and burn it to the ground. And pound five sixty in the horizon and sing it a wireless line. WQA and hello. WQA and hello. WQA and hello. Yes sir. Have you? No you haven't. You're in that Toronto. This one. Time. Billboard between commercial. Are you going to start with the thing with the birds again with the bird droppings? Yeah. Get out of here. Oh Jesus God and there's this sign of a highway that says, I 95. I wonder what that means. God are you people dumb. Jesus Christ. How many calls have we had about that stupid doorboard there? I will say this, at least they got billboards and there are some people noticing them. Yeah. That's right. That's right. I think that if we stop buying staples in paper clothes, maybe we can afford enough or like a Not a billboard or like a poster, you know. Like the gal can walk up and down Lincoln Road, Malwood. They have one of those, what do they call those thing, a sandwich board. A sandwich board on his ass. That's it. Or just to say the thing. He can go ass boarding. WQA and hello. Yeah. These people with the billboards are sharpest act. They would sell. What is it? Yeah. What with dolphin Danny gone. Is that kind of like, um, embossed when they blew up that bass ball and all the luck came back to a red fox. Yeah. Kind of like that, right. Maybe that's an oldman. Maybe the dolphins are going to have a big season now. The dolphin Danny bit the dust. That's a terrible thing to say about a guy that was there for a very long time. Even though most fans hated him like poison, but nevertheless, WQA and hello. My favorite ice cream is Rocky Road. So, I like them. WQA and hello. After all these years Chris, finally, I'm still with these guys. And after all these years, we still can't say deep agonnier. How do you like that? Yeah, I don't. I don't either. We can't say much of anything. Well, you've scooped me in a while. Joyce said this and Joyce said that and the local sensor might be listening. But do we put a mop in the local sensor's big and busy with your rose right now? Okay, the local self-abunded sensor. WQA and hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. And the idea. Okay. Just said that is a diabetic. You have diabetes, right? That is correct. Because he is obviously a pretty obese and he draws like 58 pounds in five months. This is a medication. It's sort of like an in little injectable. It's called bayda. Have you heard of it? No. Yeah, it's for type two. And basically you inject this twice a day. I don't know what it's doing in, but it's actually reduced to sugars. That means about like 50 pounds. Well, how did you know what it has to do with losing the weight taken? All right. A daily, it does something to your brain that says that you tell your brain that you're full. You don't eat that much? Really? Yeah, yeah. So it's, you know, it's like about b y e t t e. Okay. I'll go steal some of the day. All right. Thanks, proud. By you. I see him not injecting anything. I take oral medication. Can I say oral on your own? Oh, sorry. There's a fine. There's a fine. Yeah. It's a fine. All we're fine. I sound fine to me. Anyway, just take pills. I don't take, I don't inject. Once you start injecting, I think that's like for sure, one day you're going to die. I mean, I don't want to say any time soon. Look at this. Look at looking. Look at here comes cookie. 995, baby. What an explosive day this is. Man. 995. We got carried away. But we still got a shot for a thousand before 11 o'clock. See, you might as well keep pushing for greater or younger than that. Mm-hmm. Bigger and better man. The bigger and better goals man. The bigger the goals are you have. 989, we live in votes in 9 minutes. Any clown could do that. WQAM, hello. You turn up a little louder. I enjoy hearing a sound. Oh, what's the credit? W. WQAM, hello. That's funny. That's funny. That's funny. That's funny. That's funny. That's funny. That's funny. Yeah. WQAM, hello. Yes. How you doing man? Great man. Hey, how are you? I was gonna ask you. It's done instead of either the best of better play on your team. This again. Is he why? He's the one. He's done. He's either one the best player play on the year team. Yes. He's good. Yes. We're out of here. Oh, he was a picture for the Orioles. He was a... I'll start with the Orioles. He was a picture for the Orioles. He was a... All star picture. Oh, man. What does that mean? What does that mean? What does this point of why? You want to go to bed with him? Is that it? Get out of here. You little madacone. But got wrong. Many act. What does this point mean? Because Steve Stone is one of them madacone. In fact, when he was doing the cub games with Harry all the time, I thought it was. Harry, he used to just make... Yeah, he would make funny comments on the year. Because he knew that Steve Stone was as close to being out as you posit. He had one leg out of the other one foretoes out. You know what I mean? And Harry will make some comment about how Steve was going to have to start making babies, and having children and Steve says, I don't think it works that way, Harry. I don't think it works that way, Harry. I don't think it works that way. I don't think it works that way. I don't think it works that way. I guess you got to find a white first. Oh, and then Harry would say, I don't think it's another beer. What? That's true. Yeah. What? Nothing. It's funny. It is. That story. It's like, I've got a rock here. That doesn't do it either, I heard. 1989 and a full. Well, that I must have to refresh it because I think we had 1989 when I said last time. That's not good. Oh, 1997. Woo! They're coming in big, smelly chunks, can you smell them? Mm. Big improvement over that tar on the roof. WQAM, hello. Hey, whatever happened to the trumpet sounds, or the trombone sounds, or if they hear all the time. I don't know what we thought. I don't know what we thought. We're supposed to hear. Well, what is any, we're supposed to hear all the time. I'm not supposed to hear what you're not allowed to play. Let me ask you this. I'm supposed to go like this. Yeah. And bring that to my pleasure. No, okay. Another program or right there. Okay. If I asked somebody for programming advice, that's one thing. Okay. And then that's great. I asked certain consultants out there who are like real fans of the show, who understand the ins and the outs and the ups and the down the end, the end, the end, the end, the end, the end, the end, the crap. But when somebody starts calling, unsolicited and giving me a song to dance, or like when somebody else out there starts saying, hey, play all the other day. Hey, Chris, cut the crap. Okay. If it was up to him, I would just play all the other endless looper. We did a whole four hours. Sounds like a plan though. WQAM. Hello. What do you mean? Funny. You know what? WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. Yes. I have a question about your poll. When you say the monkey jungle are you referring to liberty city? 560, 560. As soon as he calls, he would know Doug. He would say, well, exactly. He would call up your roles and ask him, okay? Start the same kind of racial psychosis that seems to be the area of expertise. Let's see what kind of racial growth test career we can put on here. And then start a big submissive out of okay. And everybody start, ah! And then I'd like that, you know? Same old tired crap. But you'll see, it'll be even better next today. You'll be a little catch on. I mean, that's why I do call man now. A few bedtime stories, a few very like this one about the mayor of Salt Lake City, must be in peach. Look at that. Like the Doug Thompson article, that's worth the price of your mission. No extra charge only on the show. You won't hear Sid Rosenstein, Krans, in between talking about dancing of the stars, giving the Indian for what about Doug Thompson. 1,000 and 4 votes on a poll, not even 11 o'clock yet. Right, here it, okay. Is that revolutionary, is that legendary or what? 1,000 and 4 freaking votes, man. What? You better start catching up with it. Because the train is left the station and you're still sitting there on a bench, if he asks me, in Del Rey. In Del Rey. Look, a brush is switched with the fish. In Del Rey. Would it be something you've looked at, Broughty sleeps with the early birds? That would be bad. Yeah, you let me worry about Luca. I love when he put his hand on the bar, remember? Yeah. And he grabbed his hand and then the other guy stuck the knife in his hand. They're like, man, and then the guy came and put the call that a Gerat. I was called a Gerat, you know, like leaf Gerat. Hmm. Hey, leaf. You're fair, right? But anyway. And then the guy came up and they were doing a lot of that in the guy father. The G Gerat. Is that how your Santa is a Gerat? It is Gerat. Because like in a car when Carlogot and a car in Clemens, it was sitting in the back seat, you know? Oh, hi, hi, Clemens. Hi, Pearl. Bye, Carlo. I'll see you in the more. I'd like Paulie. I won't see him no more. A lot of that in the guy father. Don't start getting too godfather intensive to make. Eight million. I don't want to hear about stupid CNN. Okay, but I'm more missing than kids for Christ. So from us to this out of the street territories in the Bronx after he died. You took over. He didn't give it to me. I love you, Wilst. Yeah. I'll mention a problem that will match. He probably found his son's new gut. And boy, that's when the war started. Let me tell you. The biggest name. Some best talent to the business. Me, you, Roger. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Any questions? No. You got to die. Oh, baby, you got to die. In the shower, so. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Don't? Molokata! All the time. Out men, good play and games. Can keep the eyes off high, Fihangis, If this pain, they're not painted. You're fair. Yes. You got to hide your photo away That's a movie Yes, get it You got to hide your photo away Rock solid Now you're snows and badly dives Wack them at straight table by Men who pull up other men Is a spot on the floor Stayed up behind me, I am Because you got to hide your photo away Having fun with the boys If the knots go through my ear Point, point, point, point Pover, mind, mind Pover, mind, mind You're dressed too high, you're a liar You're a liar You're a liar You're a liar You're a liar You're a liar You're a liar You're a liar Love a note too If I was 60, you'd be a cute lady It can keep this up till, uh, well, if we had a ball game today We're gonna schedule 12, 50 So at least one, 55 What do you think? Do I? I could do it, yeah Okay, I said with this important fact, it's very short though Let's see, soft photo visitor sites Oh give me a break, loyal female fan Okay, well we love you honey, but boy, this is weak The last solar shops and restaurants She wants to stand these to the pool, okay? Must see a visitor site Last solar shops and restaurants And the shark valley park bike or tram ride To see the outgates and the birds The birds Remember how a deal he was in touch with nature He was, you know, with birds and Remember that scene? Mm-hmm No, all of a sudden he like pop right on the floor again Poor Howardville Just like that Shark valley park bike or tram ride To see the outgates and the birds Okay, well thanks for the yard very much But never much So I turned that up for the guy to get upset Because I don't have a shredder I got a shredder on ride, okay? It's called year acto, it was what it's called Got over a thousand votes already Now what did you say 12 hundred today? Correct That's Chris's, Chris's goal today is 1200 But there's a plan of four-laterdale A little tiny plane, land the gear, collapse, one touch down Little teeny tiny plane, looks like the one from the Jackson's But everything, nobody got was an accident, but nobody got hurt So, in 2024, we got 1200 leaked WDQAM, hello Hi, this is Bruce and the Q1's the woodman And it is Yeah WDQAM, hello Hey, you know You know, last week they were show when JFK on HBO and it's kind of scary Probably it looked good But yeah Yeah, he's kind of rotting away But anyway, the similarities between the way they did things Back then, which him garrison and the discrediting him and everything Kind of what they did today, they probably watched the movie Before the inauguration and he got the idea That's from that But anyway, New York's one to call and tell you your savage And a matter of material Okay, so he savage 560560 And pound 560 and he revised the insigutor Wireless line WDQAM, hello Hi, I would like to know if you or George has seen a movie called The Earth's The Crafts No, yes George is yes, I say no And George, did it make any sense? You had all the do like it There were funny parts and other You know what he says? Yeah, I get it Okay, I didn't get it, so What did you think of it? Well, my boyfriend brought it over And I only watched his few minutes of it Because it was really strange I couldn't watch it I didn't get it It's not for everyone Okay, thank you What's it about? It's a bunch of comedians telling the same joke over and over again Who is? Yeah Are you serious? Sir, I'm not sure if you're a student I'm not sure if you're a student I'm not sure if you're a student And they tell it differently Everyone tells it differently And some of them do a really good job And it's funny is this called QAM I'm only in the room Yeah, I'm not as funny as that WQAM, hello Yes, sir How's it going about? Great man, never better That's the thing, you are my favorite PB pressure Yeah I'm just saying Mm-hmm I dig you Okay WQAM, hello QAM, hello Hello Hello Yes Hey, can I speak with Neil? Speaking Neil, how are you doing? Okay, how are you doing? I'm doing good Doing good Hey, I got one for the ball Yeah The question was what? What was the question of him? How could you have one for the pull If you don't know what the question is? Yeah, it was okay So when someone comes down here What they shouldn't miss, right? Right, that's correct They shouldn't miss or damn fly it out Ha ha, that's not bad I like that Don't, I like that it's good If someone from out of town visits South Florida Make sure they don't miss their outgoing They're out on the plate That's great How's that? Don't you like that? That's great In fact, let me ask the entire audience Do you like it? Yeah, they like it You're getting a sitting-lovation sir Excellent job, okay That was fantastic You see if we take 40,000,000 calls like this We're going to put this See, the reason I'm doing this is because I feel Sometimes I feel like we're dying over here You know what I mean? We're just drowning on the Titanic And this station seems to be a stale As last year's Wonder Bread That's a line I used yesterday But you know, you can never say that too often Because Wonder Bread fills your eight different ways But it's like cotton baton As a matter of fact, Wonder Bread, isn't it? Yeah, that's good And so I think we got to like revitalize this fight I mean, who else is going to do if he's dying Oh, I'm glad you're in here, okay? And breathe a little bit of life back into this Sleepy dying giant, you know? Because there's no football going on now For a long time And even the draft show is not until April 15 or something like that And this is that time of the year And hockey anybody care about the Panthers Or the National hockey league for the playoffs Who's going to make it? Anybody care even a little bit about that And of course the heat, well, you know, they won't be all last year Yeah, who cares? W2AM Hello Hold on, where's no? Okay W2AM Hello Yeah, I'm more in my friends Good morning sir What are you going to do about this? This is pretty nice Two year old Going to be cheering the seat To the damn dog food So, uh, I gotta see what you get to have in from now I feed and feed in people food Okay, feed them a shatty all would be good Yeah, see everybody's all whipped up about that You see a bunch of animals dying from that dog food I'm going to story in my pile, I'll never get to it though Do you think I should? I think you should, it's important Dog lover like we are Dog lover like we are Well, I like dogs too Stay back, learn Yeah I wish I wish I could have a dog here man I wish, oh here it is Pet owner's nervous over the fallout from Duolg Tainted food You know these people are feed their dogs I mean dog, I mean you know how much I love dogs I'm a big dog lover But people are feed their dogs like they cook up like lamb You know and all this all in gravy Oh, all this people food And then their kids are eating like gravy train, you know Makes it sound gravy? Yeah, just that water The federal government yesterday released new troubling details about Manufacture were tested prior to the recall of 60 million cans and pouches A potentially fatal pet food from store shelves throughout North America I got a potentially fatal pouch and I better do something about it Is it a pouch or a punch? The manufacturer on terriotanidabased menu foods They've had a bit of been screaming about it here a lot of screamers Tested it's moist pet food beginning in late February Feeding the product to 40 to 50 dogs and cats after a series of complaints from pet owners Seven of those animals died According to Stephen Sunderoff the FDA's top editor in the mix of species was not immediately known Sounds pretty species to me, huh? They tested them moist pet food Let's feed it to these dogs and see if they stay alive or croak, you know And seven of them died. How come they didn't eat it? Menu foods my ass Those tests prompted a massive product we copied on last Friday A federal investigation is focusing on weak gluten A common filler as a likely source of contamination weak gluten Is that what they mean by gluten for punishment? I think so The FDA has yet to tell the how many reports it's received the cats and dogs suffering kidney failure or death The companies reported 10 deaths nine cats and a dog Well only one dog would nine cats. That's not too bad Menu foods manufacturers and sells more than 50 North American brands including IMS America's choice and you can Uber You can what? You can Uber if you try The company became aware of a potential problem after receiving an undersea close number of older complaints The dogs and cats were vomiting and suffering kidney failure after he used to do a puke in her gut Well, tiny used to do it all the time just to piss me off, you know You know, it would feel like start chewing up a bunch of garbage crap on a carpet, you know And any kind of mungno and then they get all that lit in this throw you know All right The food was sold under both store and major brand labels and Walmart publics when they see another large retailers Sound flow to pet stores were among those to pull some fed fed food products As a result of the week off. Well, I'm a little tongue tied here today. I don't know why would I? I think I feel like I'm on drugs and this is a good way to do it because cheaply you don't do any. I feel like I'm on speed or something A pet smart store and have a tour took down some 120 items previously offered for sale Shoppers have been returning out for refunds We want I'm money back the dogs keeping his guts Although many food sells its food under numerous brands the FDA sund off noted that the companies we call effects only about 1% of the total pet food supply The new week call covers the companies cuts and gravy style food which consists of chunks of meat and gravy sold in cans and four pouches from December 3rd to March 6th We're still trying to find out what the true picture is out there of animals. It's really just impossible to extrapolate at this point I don't think we can say extrapolate can we? No other companies nestly perine a pet cure company practoring gable the health pet nutritionics said that is a precaution Recalling voluntarily some products made by many you foods the many unanswered questions from out in the product we call as led to palpable anxiety Mump pet owners during the past few days. All is worried they may have been poisoned. They may have poisoned they beloved companion unintentionally Carrey Silver was sentenced to the Dalton road animal hospital on mommy beats had the clinic got 30 phone call We need hours was open Sunday one person said it was surface kidney failure and what a note the food was to blame and who to sue? I'm sure silver said people describe symptoms and one of their dogs and cats diagnosed over the phone, which you can't be done Hello doctor my dog my face is silly is hanging down Tom dolly I think people are starting a little crazy, but we can't make a proper analization without blood were silver said it's obviously something people care about Although many foods designated two phone numbers that pet owners could call for information 866 463 6738 And 866 895 278 many animal lovers said it couldn't get through Should I give this numbers again? I in time In time like Linda Blur said I'll get around with We'd go to the cell phone not cause kidney failure leading at the investigative suspect Contamination by other substances including heavy metals like Cadmium and letter fungal toxins Appletoxin a corn fungus sparked a 2005 dog food week call there's a fungus among us Appfly out what is it? Appletoxin Many foods folks will insert tweet told the AP video company was still trying to finger it out They're trying to finger it out There's a funuous among you with study like that and George says you're right, I'm wrong whatever the subject is you're right I'm wrong that's the most finally after all after all these years I got one One out of 17 years And what the hell was it? Oh yeah Look what brought us his treat with the fishes. Are you going to find out why the Testing So best talent to be this is me or rock Bill God Bullying tomorrow on a radio Badminton on Thursday I'm gone gone gone gone I just feel free have a game You can't make me sick Though I have a problem I'm crazy you think I drink too much I party all night until I throw up I'm crazy crazy just let me have a game I don't need their help My name's not no hand I'm crazy crazy you think I have a problem more than just being done It's all morning long before the show George or just sitting there He's gone I'm crazy George is the expert on earth here line of George those are all baby they found him alive How do you like it? Bleak picture it's called below freezing and there's no way in all that stuff What do I just get to tell you? They hit him with five shots and he's still alive That's because he read that hatchet book Thousands of 50 what we got Thousands of 62 votes now man It just changed right there in midstream like that Wow 1062 WQAM hello QAM Hello What was he listening to? I don't like that It did a really? 560 pound five 60 leverized and singular wireless line WQAM hello What was that? What was he listening to? I was on the light chat clubman It did a really? 560 pound five 60 leverized and singular wireless line WQAM hello I know Yes sir Are you done? Rob Just to make a short story I'm parked at a gas pump It's raining like hell down here But I'm parked at a gas pump I hear a bag Car hits me now Susme Okay Yeah, I got to thank you So I go round the back my chart goes And guys You know he's getting out of the car He says I didn't see you I couldn't see you now I'm trying to have a huge truck Anyway I says what you do some damage to your car He gets out of here Sandals and white socks Okay, I got to tell you something So I helped him out I gave him some to lend some Blah blah blah blah I looked at the front of the car I said well you know what you could probably get this It ought to salvage He said I looked at the car And it was a Volvo That's as well You're going to be paying some bucks He's disguised in tears Cry My wife's gonna kill me Oh my god My wife's gonna kill me And of course Under front Twate is Ontario I'm out of the trail Well, it goes wife kills him Yeah, all on the front plate is Ontario All the bad drivers are from Canada See that he even talked about the frogs That's how stupid this guy is, okay? Yeah, all the bad all the blue hair is all the people that are creating Drive throughs Where there aren't any drive through all those hills Yeah, that's all soft, nobody ends baby But they're all on Ontario I'll take my chances here In fact, I don't, I don't miss driving period Look, it's like a contest to see who can be the worst driver down here Yeah Well, at least at least they're participating in On a front-mise and plate is on Ontario You know, it was how fake this story was First it was this And then it was the Volvo And something else Shmuck Yeah, that can't in a really sucks near You better get out of there while it's getting as good Okay WQAM Hello I'm on my way, QAM Hello WQAM Hello Yeah, so I know you guys probably already know this But did you guys know that this singer from Boston killed himself? Yeah, that's old news man Yeah, I knew I knew I knew I knew You know Elvis, Elvis died on the crap or did you know that? Ha ha ha ha ha ha Hey, easy for you to laugh man, very funny, huh? Elvis dies on the crap or this guy's laugh at about it That would be funny unless it was you Five six seven, that's because I'm legendary You know what I'm gonna say about it I really feel a lot of the way we started yesterday We got to cut off the past like I was at birth A little bit overdone if you asked me But we started yesterday in the fog game came along But today today we're putting this dancing back on a map Okay, it's spider Joe Bill It's quite a clear it's don't call me a jackass dero It's quite of all the other husser ride that's going on It's quite of the square table in the oblong table in that crap Jesus got all mighty That toast I guarantee if you checked that I he's still on the payroll across the street he's got to be WDQA in hello QA Yeah, yes, I am Hey, how are you? Okay sir Time to aim is was on the finish of this morning Yes, so here's Yeah, and same up Same up Yeah I'm pretty well and spicked Have you ever heard of him? WQA in hello QA in hello Hello WQA is another animal party we're missing QA in hello I'd show me an ambulance for court WQA in hello Yeah, I know, not a true story I'm a haven't dinner over there at the Manero steak house before it shut down And the the jockey like Frankie the Tory Yeah, I don't know Did you get the Derby horses here? Yeah, I know He's a good guy Anyway, he's in there with his manager Andy Roppman in the Harvest Greatest shock in the world by the way Andy Roppman is here Yeah, Andy Roppman and Amber Harvest dinner and the steak house But you've always picked Frankie the Tory or whatever he's on, you know Yeah So let me ask you this question Yeah, who's Andy Roppman? He's a really good friend of mine who really Obviously really really good Yeah, probably not as good as you'd like him to be but it sounds like a really really good friend Maybe that's why he knows David Sugarman and Steve Stone Wow You talk about this guy's almost as good as the Harry Benson that we had years ago Talk about horse people Horseau dance El Franco, what is his name? Lion Franco, L.A. and El Lion Franco D'A Tory Frankie D'A Tory It's Andy and a great greatest shock in the world Rise mostly in England as you know And when he's over here in a big racist plundier guts Don't pay the attention of what the hopper tells you Okay, fun your guts. I'm Frankie D'A Tory man When a money is down he's gonna be in town Whatever that means You know, oh wait a minute, Cheney is in the hospital Oh, this is good news Wait a minute, the vice president is over at George Washington University I just don't check out, well don't give us no false alarms Okay, Jesus Christ Almighty Cheney is in the hospital for Jane. They're checking to see if he's got any heart Which is highly unlikely Thousands 75 votes on a poll today I think and you said 1200 I'm gonna say We can do better than that I mean it's not exactly going out of the limb, you know Chris Now we'll see, see there he collapsed I'm there Collapsed for longer You don't guys in that food come into the day? Yeah, okay, how is? Thank you very much Thank you how is for taking care of our people They're okay, the White House is a district routine checkup The see first I'm gonna do lobotomy to see if there's any brain in there They're gonna start looking in his eyes Black boomers And then they're gonna check to see if he's really all heart The worst evil doer on the face of the earth He makes hairmine gearing look like a Sunday school teacher But that's what this guy does Of course be where those Sunday school teachers The biggest thing The biggest thing The biggest thing The biggest thing Don't run Don't run Don't run Don't run Don't run Don't run Don't run He's a big hit of this yonder That's what we've made So massive you made me do What's through the throwback through your future in the river He's a big hit of this earth But that's what's so nice of you You started to get chatted Judy Don't runÄ±ÄŸÄ±nÄ± Don't run Where you'd peÛŒ Help Lift it Jump People Don't always suck Learn this Boulevard You're the baby, baby, baby, baby. My heart, don't lie to you. You're the baby of Lewis Hoots. You're the star of the charity. No wonder Bill Cheats on you. I've just seen that ad was an NBC news last month. That's the ad that's on the internet, making the rounds. And nobody knows who put it on there. Yati, yati, yati. And supposedly it was the Barack Obama campaign behind it. No. Negative ad about her. You didn't see that? No. To a Nazi bitch and stuff like this. And all these people are like blowing up into the world as coming to win it. And at the end, it says a Barack Obama campaign, which of course it's not. But that's the kind of crap that winds up on the internet. You wait and see Mr. You ain't seen nothing yet. You're going to see a political lynching that they're going to try and him like you have never dreamed in your wildest imagination. You'll see anyone in the line? Why? Because it's the American I've been waiting. This kid that you said is that he's alive. He's able to walk. He's got about a mile and a half from can't. Life goes on. CNN has spent hours and hours. There's 300 million people in the USA. And they just picked out this goofy kid with the right here in the glasses and they said, well, let's make a big sum of stuff out there. You know? That was 94 votes on the poll, though. 1094. I'm going for 13. And I'm not settling for 12 hundred a day. No way, Jose. Because we got two and a half hours for crisis. Yeah, we can do 1300 a day. Chris. What are you going to say then? Say we can do it. 1094 on there right now. Because it's, yeah, we knew 13. I remember this poll. It's not a bad poll. It's not a great poll. It's a poll. 560, 505, 60, 505, 60, leave a ride and sing it or ride the line. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Sounds off. He did to me. Doesn't it? This is the only one. This was the only one I was doing. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. I'm sending the morning slot. I'm ready for it. I'm wild bad, yeah. Go out. Oh, so tired. Starts tomorrow morning. 710 is the wild man, Jansue on QAM. Bring your own table, baby. 560, 505, 60. I think they're out of material. But when the 20 minute delay catches up, then you'll see the phones go to explode. Every now and then it just explodes, kind of like, ah, where I spontaneously is like that. WQAM. Hello. Hi, Neil. This is WQAM. Good morning, Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. I'm your morning show started 10. Yeah. Hey, what's going on? What does that mean? This is my morning show. What? What? I've been listening for, you know, we'll go way back, whatever, from Miami. But I usually turn on the radio on QAM. It's going to happen. And I go from there, I mean, and listen in, and then some time, you know, it's going to be up to noon until dinner times, and I shut it off. Uh-huh. But, uh, yes, I have to go. I wonder if it would be Yemen, and then straight to bed, is that it? And that's it. Get rid of all that, you know. Yeah. Got to clear it out for now. Okay, anyway, moving along. And, uh, so what's going on? You got, I heard up there, a Canada, there's just a lot of, uh, that food down here. But it's going to kill off the, uh, there's a lot of, uh, that's a new game plan. 2AM, hello. Me, so horny. WDQAM, hello. These cars have no originality, Neil. Yeah, just like you QAM, hello. Yeah, yes. I'm going to throw the garage. WDQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Okay. A mama way to American Express. Thank you. Okay. Good luck to you. Okay. Get a platinum card, man. Get somebody's platinum card. Don't be messing around with a green card, the gold card. Yes, go for the gold. I mean, go for the, a plug, whatever it is. WQAM, hello. QAM. Neil, God. Yes, sir. Hey, I was calling about sure to pull a carburetor about the Everglades. Who, particularly? Yeah. Everglades are pretty damn popular. We've got a local airline here, Jeff Blubb, has the direct sweeper. People we want to see in front of us. Ah, ah, ah, ah, yeah. 560560 and Palm 560, horizon. What? What was valued, Jed? What he was really thinking of, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Comes up with Jeff Blubb. What your close family, one word out of two ain't bad. But there you go. That's what happens when you're stuck down there for all your life, man. We never got to go anywhere. You want to go in? A lot. I don't blame you. I would be doing that all day long. I'd be doing that all day long. I'd be doing that all day long. Twenty four seven. You might sleep. I'd be going. Yeah. Once in a while, maybe hopefully, but I doubt it. WDQA and hello. I need a heart. Good sir. Uh, what's it? The cops and you said this one in the Palm boy? Yeah. Yeah. I believe it or not, yeah. I caught part of that, uh, creed the nations that anyway, uh, we were not married as being out of there this morning with him and tore him and knew one. Yeah. Yes. Get them, uh, 70% of the American public voted. Well, let me ask you this question. What did they put them on there for in the first place? That's the question. Now whether he threw them in the West. I'm saying, J, I'm in the West. I don't know. He's, uh, you know, marching down the street. Yeah. Good point. Okay. 560, 560, pound five, 60 in the Verizon and singular wireless line. I know if I want to get my political affix for the day. I always do it in the United Asia and watch Meredith Vieira really grill those guys. Grill all those crooks. Don't you? Oh, yeah. All day. 1103 on the poll. By the way, 1103. Chris said 1200. I'm saying 13, man. We won't settle for less than 13 today. If we get 1300 votes, then I'll party right here on the air. We'll see. Everybody gets a free party in their parents. WDQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey. I'm driving down 95 C. Waterdale in a month soon. Yeah. And my wife calls me and starts freaking out and so about poised and pet foods. Mm-hmm. I don't know if you think about it or just standing about it. Never heard of her running about it. Hahaha. Hahaha. Tell her don't eat too much of it. Okay, that's the best line. Don't just taste a little bit first to make sure. And then if you pass out, call me back or not. She's a scottal mighty man. It's just talk about, I'm supposed to be out of touch. Touch this. What is that guy's the kids father? We're going to keep showing him. He's a big good TV star now. Right. Yeah. That's why I haven't even walked my mom. They found him. Story's over. Yeah, that's right. Times up. Times up pops. I don't know. I just get started with him now. The fact that Michael, the best. Can't wait for the movie. Yeah. How come he let him lose? How come he let this kid the looser he's got. What does he guys dislikes it or something like that? Yeah. ADD. Oh, ADD's got attention. He can add, but he can't multiply. Thank God. 114 votes on a pool. And look who's looking. Looky, looky, looky. If someone from out of town visits South Florida. Make sure they don't miss the legendary Nearodges show. They'll come. 111, boy. Man. I'm hanging out of the chair with both hands. I would advise them not to come to 97. South Beach, 225. I hate this pool 61 only 5.4% they likes it. In fact, when we start to pull a bit, we should ask. You like it. Uh, saw grass mills, mall 36 and little of Anna. Look how many little of Anna's got. About 30 men. Yeah. Don't miss you outbound flight 29. Early bird dinner 23, the jungle queen dinner cruise 23. Don't miss the jungle queen. The myocchi 21. Have 20 or 30 then polly's and drinks. Cemetery village 20. The metro zoo is 16 with the anxious Ron Miguel, who Chris hates like poison. Monkey jungle 11 and a parrot jungle is for the birds. Solimentate Uno. The biggest name. So they want to do it. The biggest is wheel rock. In the bird's day car. Well, they don't make break enough cards. You're a fire. I feel a little bit. I shall go and be sick. You're just having a bad day. I'm gonna bed day. So what I'm gonna be? You bed day. Because you have about this. Then you want to jump. Say the sun to turn around. Say the sun to turn around. You want to get a smile. And you don't want to cry. You have about this day. Guess he's been fired. You fired. You need to pack everything and go. Now that's when I call. I'm bad. Hey hey hey. Alright, look. I've got a handle. Who knows who's having it. He lost his jellos in the fire. He's just gonna rest. But we've lost our motor. I think I'm going to be sick. You're fired. I've got one goal man. Yeah. I'm gonna stay. Can't stop me. I'm gonna stop you. Can't stop me. Can't stop me. We're gonna stop by. We're gonna stop by. We're gonna stop by. Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna stay. I'm too low for it. I saw this drunk guy throw up and then a pigeon ate it. Who's so cocky? She did on me. I got your son. She don't mean broke by rock. You broke your penis. I paid by I would just not go wet by two. 1129 in the pool. 1145 in the clock. How do you like that? Tick-tock. It's 1145 in the clock. It's almost noon. We'll be on here by two. Not that I'm counting you understand. Right. To the ballgame. To the marlins. Yeah. The marlins. Marlins at the cartels. It's 12.5 on Thursday. Mm-hmm. My mind. Here's a nice pool suggestion from our friends at university. Dodge. You don't do any work down there at all. I like this pool suggestion. If I could be somebody else for one day. We never did this before. I did it. I did it. I was similar one word if you could trade lives with someone. But like permanently. This is a good one. If I could be somebody for just one day. Right. I would be. I'd be build gates because then I read them out like, I'll bunch and check to myself on the next day. Go back to BME. Yeah. Or if it next day, I'd go back to being like, uh, Great and quay. I'd go back to being Brady Quinn. Mm-hmm. I'll tell you one thing. If I was Brady Quinn for a day, I'd be real busy. I'll tell you that. Mm-hmm. My mind. Look out now. I'd be real busy. And look at this George W. Bush. Look at the names they have on you. You want to be George W. Bush for one day? God. These. Bill Clinton's sworey. Wayne Heisinger. You know? Wow. That changed your complexion. I guess Tiger Woods. That would also probably change most of your complexion. When I sounded like a racial comment to me, let's get your rose on it. Few have no. Neal Rogers. Oh yeah. They all got. Howard sperm. Anybody who, but who I am. That certainly in South Florida, that would definitely go for big one. We did this pool. I gotta be me. Ha ha ha ha ha. I gotta be me. All right. That's great. I can hear Sammy Davis singing that. Who sings I gotta be me. I don't know. You got it? I'll see. Now you got the songs out of the past, only by our taste. Uh, all of the about. I see. And I hate this pool. That's not a bad one. Now you think I have to give the phone numbers again on the dog food thing. This is, you know, very seriously. We have a lot of dual lovers out there. And the fact that word dog lovers. If there's menu foods, is got two phone numbers that pet owners who are coughing from age before you go poisoning your dog. You can't, ah, go ahead and give it a shot. You don't put your dog. 866. And by the way, something to me. Who is it? You will write the first time. Sammy. Sammy. This is what I'm saying. Sammy, Sammy. Sammy Davis soon. When you arrived, you're going to be the, Sammy Davis do I. I'm no place in this world. We had high perlating. That's the only one. Who? I got it. Be me. A precarious day. Yeah. That's a thing. Pet owners can call for information before you go pausing poisoning your dog. 866. 463. 6738. Or 866. 865. 278. Now, a lot of people say they can't get true because every step of getting Ziggins calls from people out of an appendix. About the Yucanuba and Iems and a lot of these other dog foods. And of course, it's a Canadian plot. Probably from that fascist, Stephen Harper who wants to be bush light. You know, now that Nazi bastard, Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper. Oh. 866. 463. 6738. Or 866. 868. 95. 278. I'll give it again later. I would do that. Okay. To do that. I hate to forget. Now, this story about Jewish Porter Chris, is this old news or is this something I should mention by Ellis Marves, you think it was by Ellis Marves? We know about it. Leave us like two days ago. So I shouldn't bother with it. In this case. Well, I've met him in yesterday. I thought he had his piano yesterday afternoon recently signed off. And line back. Roy Porter didn't need long to live up to his reputations. One of the NFL's most controversial players. It says he was set it for misprominor battery Sunday night. After allegedly punching another NFL player in the face. And a Vegas casino. Hey, he used to go to Vegas alive. Oh, no. Porter had a brief altercation with Cincinnati Bengals left tackle. Levi Jones. Levi is coming. Reset Eli is coming. He's a big dog night. Eli. How about Levi, Harner? He's been dead. How many years? Well, the gaming table that Poms, Cacino Vegas police department spokesman Martin Wright said. Wright said Jones who chose to press charges received unsegmentical treatment for a small cut. Jones also claimed several of his gold chains were stolen during the melee. A source said the six five feet of in some found Jones is telling those close to him that he was jumped at the table. My six other people were with Porter. The source of Jones is thinly was in the back of the hand by one of Porter's ass associates. Just before being punched in the push by the six three 250 pound line backer. Roy's on the boys, you know. Roy's on the boys. You're fair. And take showers naked together. And snap each other on the ass with towel. Stuff like that. Like I want you overgrown children. Number 136 votes on the poll. You have any doubt we'll get to 13 every day. I don't confidence is confidence is running pretty high. Now this high is you are but confidence is high. No wish. Now what is this story from La Paz Bolivia? La Paz. I don't know how they talking Bolivia. Is it all good? Look at Brassie. I think that's pretty outrageous to where for all these years we've become look at Brassie. And we're wrong. Good story on. I am honored and grateful that you have invited me to your daughter's wedding. Isn't very scary guy. The farmers and women says always co-concolon not a Bolivia's co-corrosive. They're way. The farmers want to work co-ca, dropped by the US after in company arguing that the potent shrub belongs to the cultural heritage of this Andian nation Bolivia. Or the co-co-leaf in closing the Andian life. I got to Indian music. Or the co-co-leaf in fuses everyday life in a sacred domain. That's Indian music. It sure is. I see. I'm not talking about innocent Indian music. A commission of co-conduers can be represented as advising and assembly rewriting Bolivia's constitution passed a resolution. Last week, calling on the Atlanta-based company to take co-co-co out of its name, asking the UN to decriminalize the leaf. Go leaf, go. The resolution demands international companies that include in their commercial name, the name of co-co-referring from using the name of their sacred leaf in their products. Yes, and how much is co-a? Would you care for a co-a? Or I don't like that co-co-co- anyway, so they can't really say it. I hope whatever they want, how about they call it co-co-a? Yeah, how about the uncool? See, Pepsi-co-a works fine with me and they're not upset about that. That's all I'm not drinking here. I don't know. I'm drinking die-co-co-co-co-caffeine. I explain to him how I'm so hopped up today, like a Mexican jumping bee. The commission which went for three days in the super-at 255 miles southeast of La Paz is part of an effort led by President Eva Morales to rehabilitate the image of the plant used in the Andean and the East for millennia, but they're known as the basin we knew co-cane. We better send our fan Ask Governor's daughter to check it out. I'll go with it. Coca-Cola stated last week its trademark is the most valuable and recognized brand in the world baby and is protected under Bolivian law. Don't be mess with our Coca-baby. The statement repeated the company's past analysis that Coca-Cola's ever used cocaine is an ingredient, but with sound on our natural Coca-Cola he was used to flavor the soda. They need to understand our situation said David Herrera, a state government supervisor for the Coca-rich Shapata region. They exported to Coca-Cola and we can't even freely sell it in Bolivia. Who would have wants a little Bolivia anyway? The Bolivian government regulates the sale of cocaine from and used by the drug trade and its natural state to greenleaf is only a mild stimulant. Let me see, I got it in here. What's that? Malt stimulant. In my glass. In Bolivia. I only win. I only win. I only win. I only wish. In Bolivia's white color offices, Coca-Cola, he is serving instead of coffee. I have a piece of advice for you, young punk, send her 100 out there. Don't get old, okay? That's my piece of advice. Don't ever get old. Oh, it's so it'll happen to you. Oh, no. Yeah, exactly. In Bolivia's white color offices, Coca-Cola is serving instead of coffee. And the country's farmers, miners, and truckers, chew believe to get through the long work days. I thought we would do a two-way, I was never they do in the sales department. They chew on Coca-Cola leaves. I don't think so. Not those leaves. They're chewing on something. The government wants you to enter the criminalized trading Coca-based products to promote its exports. Maralize a former Coca-Grore, since an international market for a coconut-of-ride product such as tea, flour, liquor-eated toothpaste, would draw some of the countries and watch out what kind of toothpaste you use in baby. Actually, I should be asking. Would draw some of the countries estimated 65,000 pounder acres of Coca-Cola away from the drug trade, but the US which funds a Bolivian Coca-Ride occasion program is adamantly opposed to such proposals, containing they would encourage more Coca-Cola production. And we sure don't want to have that happen, do we? No, yeah, that would be better. Things go better with Coca-Baving. 1145 and a poll. We got 13 and we're to look easy today. It's fight about crowd, fat, Chris's Sonja. Chris, first. 30. How many could you weigh in, hello? Hey, God. Yes, sir. I was just, I wanted to tell you that I went to Bolivian one time and because of the altitude you get real bad headaches. Yeah. And they gave you this tea that takes it away. And I didn't find out the later that the tea contained that the Coca-Cola is. And it made you feel real good afterwards. I mean, it was it was it wasn't a... Yeah, we're drinking it. Are you drinking it or snorting it? No, you're drinking it. It just opens up your blood vessels and you're brain. It makes you, you know, release those headaches. But hey, one of the questions for Georgia. For Georgia. I'm going to go to China in November. And I'm going to hang up my trip in Beijing. And I'm thinking of going to another country. But it's been Beijing is so far north. I wanted to get the colors in your opinion of, you know, where are those by the go? Maybe Tokyo or something. Okay. Yeah, go to Japan. I was going to try to... I was going to ask you in Georgia. I just had a friend that came back from China. Oh, I got a pair. Okay. How did you guys later? He's joined? Yeah. Go corporate. Okay. See, this is on inside. Apparently, don't go to China. And I don't care what my friend says about how fun it was in China. Don't go there. Yeah. It's the Mexico of Asia. Really? It's...and in Japan, they use the Chinese illegal aliens to do their cheap labor the way that we do with Mexicans over here. I see. So, so what does that mean? Don't go to China. And what about your pan? Go to Japan. Now, would you rather be learning Japanese or turning Japanese? 152 votes on the pool. 152. If someone from out of town visits our photo, make sure they don't miss the Neil Roger show. He's legendary. Man, he's a fat old faggin. He's a real-hoot. Damn, God. That's right. You're going to see. I just want to give people a little...that's my goal now. The rest of the time I'm on here. We're not going to save the world from George Bush or any of the other Nazis out there. Just a little chocolate, every now and then. Like that. That's all we can do, man. That's a public service and the price is right. I would advise them not to come through. Oh, that was my vote. Don't go to South Florida. You regret it. And you may never get out. South Beach, 232. I hate this pool and mere 62.5.3%. They're outbound flight. Don't miss it. 43. The sawgrass mills. Mall. 36. Hey. Such excitement. Be sure and have your flower antenna on your car. Little Havana, 32. The early bird dinner, 24. You'll be saying, boy. The jungle queen dinner crews 23. The My Kai, 21. How about your Kai? How's your...how's your My Kai? Oh, look at that. The news conference coming up about the missing boys' guy. They just found them already. But let's have another missing boy scout news conference. Kills from Good Time. 7-3 village, 20. Metro's Zoo 17. Monkey, jungle 11. And the parrot jungle finally got another vote. Solument they dose for the parrot jungle. You know what I think of reading the birds are my cause. You ever said my cause? Sure. Just recently. So I was way back in the day when the parrot jungle was in the original location. I think I was there a couple of times. And that's just parrots. But all these other talking birds, you know. Right. My call. They're expensive. Are they really? They are. Oh, good. Well done. Let's go steal some during the break. And now another tale from the cell phone of Deep Cheney. Today, Did Diles Celebrity Biographer, Kitty Kelly. Hello. Hello. Kitty Kelly please. Thinking. I'm in a skitties. This is Dick Cheney. My brother's in the United States of America. How are you? Fine. That's good. That's nice. Is it something I can help you with? Oh yeah. Yes. It's just that book is coming out next week. Oh, frankly, we, we question this credibility. And, uh, ordering a baby, you could wait a couple of months before actually putting it out. I'm sorry. My son is breaking ass. Um, did you just ask? He's not. He's a crook. I'm so happy you're watching. Yes. After George Bush gets reelected. Print all you want. We won't care then. Why would I want to do that? Celebrity. Money. Grubbing. What? Why? Why? You're a book for least the terrorist win. Huh? You're messing with the president of the United States of America. Okay. I'm hanging up now. We know where you're led you don't. Okay. That's right. We'll get you a little bomb total too. Bye. What's wrong with you? Stop. Hello? Hello? Hello? Hey. This has been another tale from the cell phone. Oh, Dick. She called for you. If you don't sing a Dox line new barollas and boost up a little bit. The terrorist win. Don't forget those things. Okay. That's right. 116 nine votes in the pool. And Chris will say in 1200 votes today, man. You sell me really short. Nature already did that. I told him I'm really sure. What is wrong with you? Huh? And fact, you know something? If I really, if I would have known what I know now. Of course, that's what life is all about. If I'd have just known back then what I know now. All you young people out there just remember what all Uncle Theo told you. Okay. Know it now. Meaning. What you young. Know it now and do it now and enjoy it now. Believe me. Because then you get old like me and you'll think, well, if only I had known then because it's your rank and a half now like our chance. 117. 117. 1171. Oh, God. See, this is the punishment I get from making fun of old people. All those years. That's right. All those years on the year. I'm talking about all the early bird dinners and the old creches and all the old people with a lime game. And now I'm one of them. Yeah. Oh, God. By a long shot yet. What do you mean by that? Well, you're not nearly as clever as they are. No, no, no. And then Sam liked them. I'm just talking about the from the age factor from the Max factor. Now, let's see. What do we got on the pool 1171? Let me refresh it because I'm thinking. Well, I know we're going to do 13. 1172. See, they're coming in by the ones now. That's the early bird crowd. They don't want overdo it. It's our turn, Sunny. Get out of here by you young punk. We don't mind those spring break and four lot of nail beads. We don't want young punk and South Beach with all that heavy. Jewelry on and all them Cuban goofballs down there. And then Faggotones. Ever have any Faggotones like beef or roe, and only more delicious. I thought figured you'd make it with pork. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, fast. Traveh, baby. It's not halal. Hmm. You sound like one of them terrorists to me. You better start to have a lot of this. It's not interesting how much in common. This is what really is. It's almost amusing. It's sick but it would be funny. If there was not the death in the blood shed. The Jews in the Arabs have got so much in common. They're in the circumcision thing and they don't want to eat Traveh, they don't want pork and kosher and halal. I guess they're basically the same thing. And all of this has a rye. There's no feud like a family feud. Yeah, that must be it. W2AN. Hello. Boreco-bombo. W2AN. Hello. This isn't your rod is Joe. Yeah there. Legendary. Yeah. I can do it. Yeah that's it. I should not pay. Oh. Well apparently that club is a bit weird but I would have Versailles. Yeah. I think that's something this pants. We can't say the word on the air. He said he's a pants. Yeah. From the show course because it was so legendary. 5, 6, 7. I see I should have known yesterday was just an aboration. Because I got all whipped up and I'm thinking of myself. What is it? It's like one of those things if you could package it and sell it. You know what I mean? That's how good it was. Like occasionally like they won. Call me at earlier. I have no idea what it was. So good about it. But there was one you know. And if you could just package it and sell it in the multiply it and make, you know, make Call of Rought out of it. But they can't do it. We want everybody listening. They're this business about being the same 4 or 5 idiot Colors on here. Let's get 4 or 5,000 idiot Colors. Then we'll have something. Okay. Jolly Joe Bill. Then I believe what you say about this phone being all I'd Damn. High-falutant important. Like we had yesterday. Yesterday it was like a fly-opother man was I unbelievable. Was it? It was great. Even George who was probably the worst hard ass I've ever known in my life. Even George says it was great. You just heard him say it. It was thick and say it would be real. And say it with real enthusiasm. It was like Tony the tiger. You know, if that'll make you do it. I'm how long don't do it. Kill him. Nearly. Yes, sir. I'm another idiot collar. Yeah. I love you, man. Okay. Okay. Double show. Hello. Oh. Yeah. And so I call the gas and Chicago. And then we're in symbolboard. Okay. Because the Boston did not blow up the baseball. Because you can't go ball. From Parkman to Parkman ball. That could flew up. So before you guys got on people immediately. He's in it himself. Was he talking about? Long hits 560, 0560, 0560. And he's arrived in singular wireless line. That must have been Bobby. You know, from our mice facing Bobby. No, let's be Bobby. Go away, Bobby. WDQAM. Hello. I like to speak to Neil. Speaking, sir. Hey, Neil. I am an idiot. But I'm still calling you. I'll try to be coherent. Okay. I have been. Actually, I discovered you through during the three mile incident. I think you were on WFWS. Wow. I've been listening to you ever since. Holy moly, Batman. I am an old man. You need to. Ancient. But anyway, it's just called to tell you. Talk to you about Toronto. I called there every month. And it's like an oasis forming. I love the place. And we should be like you and live up there. Yeah, me too. Well, anyway, just keep it going. You great. See ya. Okay. See you at the end, Senator. Hey. Okay. Well, be even at the end, Senator. You know, the other day I went to, well, this is terrible. I went to GNC because I had this coq 10 that I take. It's really good for your heart. It gets your pulse rate down my zone. It's very important stuff. And I'm taking it for years. And they haven't. You know, I used to hate GNC because I thought that everything they made was really very generic and very, I don't know. I think they just have everything. Yeah. You know, they say all the same stuff and bottles with different labels. I don't know. But actually, they do have some pretty good stuff now. And the coq 10 is great. So I go there because I can't get anywhere else. I mean, you can get it in drug stores and stuff, but not just for ticket or brand because it's GNC brand. So I guess it makes sense. If you want GNC brand where you go, you don't go to Waxau. It'll probably shop for his drug marty. You go to a GNC. So after I buy my, you know, I got the bag full of stuff. And I spent 140 bucks on four bottles of this plus my pentrophenic acid. And then what do you think I have stopped for a little snack or runny? I give up. Bested robins. Oh, I was going to say that too, but I wanted to give you some credit. Why? Do I, I got credit there, man? Let me go and use it up right now. No, you did. I was going to give you some credit, but, you know, I held a hotfoot Sunday on Rocky Road. Well, I'd tell you one thing. You wind up with a heavy load after Rocky Road. Oh, make no mistake about it. I love Rocky Road. Mmm. God is that good. You know what? I haven't had it in very long time. And it's a good thing too. Because it would probably put me in a box is fish food. I don't see it anymore. I haven't seen it in a long time. And you've got to talk about doing a switch, a switch you're runny. I'm the guy that always used to talk about how much I love Ben and Jerry's and how I hated Hagen does like poison because Hagen does with too watery. And I've done total turnaround on that, if I can say that. Oh, there's a picture of a cop car go to the hospital or in DC because Cheneys there for a checkup. Bigmets see it as they say in Japan. Bigmets see it. Lemon 83 on a pool. We'll have 1200 by the time we come back from the break. Chris, how do you like that? You have little faith. I've 13 average. I will guarantee him. I'm going to bet both of your life. I will get to 13 under the day before the show is over on this pool. And Charlie B send another 400 pools in here today. What is not to like? That's my comment today. What's not to like? Norton. It's not a short show. That's what's not to like. Doesn't bother me. Doesn't bother me. In fact, you know something I'm so wound up and ready to go today. I can do 20 hours today. Right. Let's go till 6. That's how full of winners. The total. Well 16. So I'm okay. I'm telling you, there's Cheneys out of where the hospital. Uh oh. Oh, oh. Maybe that pacemaker will give out three. And a boy. Six. Holy Macanon. This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority. Neil God. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. And I think that over would that use at the day. He's got a lot of thought in the talk about me that way. Yeah. And I don't give a record that very nice to say. If he wants to go sing to guys and let it go. Oh. I know how to do this. I know what I'm talking about. Every morning at the condo, I take the elevator down. And not my way to the condo, I call my phone in best regards. I give a free condo. Hey. It's a mil light lakh toy. While back in pal. When a boy's aie-ã£ã¡a don't sleep. You're going the night. Whoa. The door, the door, the door. No, no. The guy. The boy. The boy. The boy. It's a, the boy. Hi. A gay. And the door is a package house. Why you communoscoped? Yeah my God, uh oh you squirrelotle mouth. I know everything has gone on and tatouzu. Why I even know all the Tumaj ground rules. I've addicted the giant daddy keys. U Sj ì‘Œ DUAPÃ‰ GI COR I know I ain't no one clearly needs But when they drop high balls you can't. That was the turning point, baby. That's the point at which we lost the entire contact with the human race in the audience when the mole-mind The mole-mind is the mole-mind. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That's the point at which we lost the whole thing. That he died off earth. He's on 14-Wast Station on weekends. Oh my god, he hit the big time. Yeah. Glad we could help you, sir. 560, 560. Boy, I was right. Yesterday was a one. Once in a minute. I delude myself in a believing right things can be accomplished here. I told you that then. You did? I said enjoy it while it lasts because you know tomorrow is going to be okay. You're right. I'll just make you way in, hello. Still doesn't make up for the club. No, no, no, no. WQA in, hello. I'm reporting from it's honor to be with the girls. That's cool. 560, 560, 560. Well, I wish there was a crowd in there. I'm leaving Verizon and seeking a wireless line. WQA in, hello. One Jordan on the hill. One Jordan on the hill. Call us. I'm back there. More stuff anymore. I'm just beginning. Lays, pal. It's at me. I'm very pleased to report that while just steps from the event. A few days passed. Yes. I'm down by the P.S. And the couple. Do you familiar with that? P.S. Do you have to dial a double? Yes, that's correct. Yes. While enjoying a rather large gelato, I have to note the Fiat test by. And on the rear of the Fiat was a real God bumper sticker. Get out of here. And the middle of Rome. Come on. I'm Neil. Honest to God. I think you wait too much in that gelato man. Hey, guy. I tell you what. I was grieved and it's still hard at that point. Really? I said, Neil is easy. Probably growth is circulation. Your brain sounds like it. There was no. Neil God bumper sticker in Rome. You are global, my friend. I know. And the means of it was a beautiful place. And it just made my trip to see you alive and well. And but when you go back. So where Rome? Yeah. Oh, someday, someday, if I'm still alive. There's a lot of good looking young guys over there. Yeah, I know. When in Rome, you always do the Romans. Okay. Every bit of her tea, my sweet friend. You're fair. My de com. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. There are a lot of really good looking people in the league. But there's also a lot of very, I don't know. A lot of schmussy people in league too. It's like, I don't know. And I can do summertime. Yeah. Harry. No. Well, some of them. Harry next. Harry back. Oh, no. Starwin at Harry stuff. Okay. You pick it on poor J.P. again. Papa one Pablo. Oh, was it even thinking about it? The one that you for what I was. A lot. I would do it. Hello. No. For. Yes, sir. How come the guys, which is broken Brian, this is the doody. It's on this current morning crew down. He has. He has. He has. I think. Oh, okay. Well, what is one of the way to win? We're looking. George is looking right now. I don't think so. The Kenny and Boa. The Giggle fast. I mean, every 10 seconds. The Kiggle Giggle. Oh, wait a minute. We got one. Here we go. Ready. Yes. What are you ready? Oh, crank it up. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Five. Five. Four. Four. Six. Four. Four. Five. Four. Sportsportsportsportsportsportsportsportsportsportsportsportsportsportsportsportsportsportsportsportsportsportsportsportsportsportsports Sportsportsportsã€ Sportsportsportsportsports, sportsportsports wear sportsports, you know Small College athletes Sportsports sports sports sports. Joey Huderdent. Parent. No ice cream. Hey, Lutin. Do you have a tent? You say, Harry? Yeah, sports. Joey Huderdent. Yeah. Sports sports sports, sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports Sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sport sports sports number belt sports sports sports sports sports sport sports sportsamientos sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports Sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports Sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports Sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sport sport sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports ëª…a coach sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sport sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sport sports fart sports sports sports sports sports sports sports for joining his Drew. Yeah, but love for those that don't already know, give us a little background on yourselves. I am responsible for everything that sports for you, you've ever known. Since the beginning of time, I discovered spotter kiss, and Sasha'll take, they brute, Marf thrown Barry, that was me. I discovered Lanetina, from Lincoln on down, all the US presidents, that was me. I put Neil Armstrong on the moon. In fact, it was I who invented the very own way to work a night. What if he done for us right here in South Florida? I got your rental peri for the dolphins. That was me. Randall Terry, here's this picture. Can we get a shot of that? Yeah, there he is, Randall Terry. Yeah, we hit the big time. That's the situation. Drew rose in House gentlemen. Yeah. Drew rose in House right here on the phone in South Florida. Well, whatever you done. Well, how a day, man. That wasn't me. Drew, can you show us your boobs? My boobs. Yeah, let's see your boobs. I'm on the phone. That's okay. We gotta make this entertaining somehow. Sure. Here we are. These gentlemen are my bullies. Nice. Nice and cool. You will only find on Drew Rosenhaus. Drew, Drew, are they real? That's genuine article. Tell you what, Drew. How would you like a female companion? Well, it's no secret, I like girls. I'll introduce you to our programs director. Mm-hmm. It's a guy. Isn't it physically yet? But more girls than you know. What's the situation of a girl? It's very soft arms. I'd rather rape mole. Thanks for joining us, Drew. We'll be back with more fake collars after these words from glory whole paradise. Well, I think I'll turn on your Rogers. A-a-a-la-la-la-la-la! All right, dad. Pelle. Don't touch that dial. Oh my god! It's sunny! It's Elezug Byueauwei, two, sunny Jean, so it's really cool. Dude. Yeah. Looks like you got him. Thanks for the tips, Mrs. Aquakoy. You're welcome, Sonny. I mean, I know he was a sicko when I pennied him the place. I did look at this. He even had this filthy with looking at. My god. It's an attack funding picture. Looks like we stopped other future mass murderer Niel's gum bag moron. The streets somehow and they all I say, again, thanks to you, Sonny. I still have my job, Mrs. Aquacois. By the way, I'm gonna need your name and phone number. We contact you later. Let me get you my con. Oaksite dropped my pie. Say, what's that, dad? Fill out of your purse. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh Okay, 1221 votes on a poll. 13 is in, baby. There is no question about that, is there. And you don't say how to dump a espagging a bit? Yeah, I'm not pathetic. It's sad. Very sad, but these are the days, man. These are the repressive, regressive, sinsawial days, where we can't say, crap. 5, 6, 7. Let's get this phone cranked up again, and we're gonna have to go, we got no ball game today. This isn't one of these, you know, make believe ball room kind of show us today. Let's get with it. You, you're right. I was wrong. See, I was right about the godfather drop, but I'm much rather with the head of the other way around, you know. Oh, I know. I would like to have another day like yesterday, especially the short part. Let's see, there you go with that again. Well, Thursday's coming. All right, uh. Cardinals in the Marlins Thursday, 1250, any interest? No. Except by us. Yeah. I think it's get finished. company as well. What are you thatLittle Riots ? What is all that? Hello. You might be happy with Joyce. But, uh, I think she really brings up the best in you. Yeah. You're best with your back up against the wall's. Ah-ha-ha. What's your favorite story of the 2,72 I've been born of. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Hello, man. I've run for the BIMBIA because I found this to be sort of scary. You know of course, Adolf and Denny died over the weekend. Yes, sir. We heard about it. Last night. I'm looking at, and then that's devastating enough. But listen to this one. I'm looking at the internet last night. And I came to learn that the equivalent person for the Dallas Cowboys, they're like mock cheerleader for 28 years. Yeah. Died on Saturday also. Oh my God. I'm going around, man. It's contagious. Exactly. I think, and this is the only that a guy can get physical as a media officer. I hope that Stanley, see pantherite in any jeopardy. I mean, it's the gun for a physical as well. I know. I'll get the word around, all right? OK, spread it around in the word, too. Let's see. What is this here from your close friend Brandon says? This is Pock is home. He's been the L.A., he's got like a cold or something. thumbnail, whatever. This is Pock is home. Listening in my surround sound computer. How do you like that? Wow. Well, feel better Brandon. Okay, that's really, the thing is, Pock, that they're on computer, the aim, the instant messaging thing. So I'll tell you what, maybe maybe I'll just instant message with him. The rest of the show is in on my correspondence. I've been really busy with me. They should place some stereo music so he can enjoy it in this surround sound. But we know how any stereo. I know that was a joke. No, wasn't. We could play. Mono. Mono. If it actually is a guy, Mono. Mono was very winning. I got a girl named Boni Mugo. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. This is my cond calling. Yes, this is my cond calling. Uh-huh. Yes, uh-huh. Where's it? Who you calling? My cond. 560560 pound 560 and the Verizon singular wireless line. And of course, this is always very short. And I'm sure that unusual. I'd like that. From 123 votes on a poll, like I said, we got 13 made in the shade. No problem. WQAM Hello. Hello. Hello. To get her again and still you just said in the stereo. You wanted it. Mm-hmm. One of these channels. There's a mayor in a state that President Bush carried by 46 percentage points in the 2000 for election. But Salt Lake City mayor Rocky Anderson told CNN yesterday he thinks it's time the president should be impeached. Yeah. We think of impeached for whatever justified this certainly is the time. Anderson at Utah Democrat told Wolf Blitzkrieg on CNN. This president by engaging in such incredible uses of power reaches a thrust with both the Congress and American people and misleading a set of this tragic unbelievable war. And the violation of treaties either in an actual or our constitution are all domestic law. And then as role in the heinous human rights abuses, I think all of that together calls for impeachment. And certainly would communicate to the rights of the world that is not who we are as the American people. Anderson also accused the president of deliberately lying about intelligence findings leading up to the war. He had the national intelligence estimates where the state departments own intelligence agency. They bureau intelligence and research stolen that they're completely disagreed as to this department of energy with the sole notion that those two who's that's not a most saying was a crime could be used to build up nuclear capabilities. And what the founders knows of engaged in the ratification debate that clearly in mind this was derived from the British is that these are political crimes criminal. Anderson also called congressional Democrats timid claiming they're withholding impeachment charges for political reasons. I think that they've got two thousand a clearly in view we said I think the Democratic party frankly has been incredibly timid to which I would say. And I think there's a lot of culpability certainly with Congress and certainly with the Democrats and Congress he'd be saying you go rocky. WDQA and hello. I'm dying over here. WDQA and hello. We love you, sir. That's it. You're right. I thought we could sustain that as part of like a whole new floor. I know. I wish you wish why. I wish we could sustain that. I wish they were as good as they were yesterday. But forget about good. Just do you wish they were there as continuous. Yeah, well, I'll just see the same screen over here so I have no idea what's going on. What do you mean by that? I'll do the same computer here although I've heard rumors that they're going to give me a hand me down in here. Right. 1225 out of pulling. I was enough not go to sleep on this 1300 business. We only got an hour and 23 minutes to kill but nevertheless never, never count your votes before they hatch. Trust me what I tell you. What is crap? I'll take you right to the age, right to the brink. WQAM hello. Yeah, I saw your boy breakfast night on Larry King. Did you see anything there? No, I did not. Oh, he is pretty good, pretty good guy. Yeah. Your bad that he can't win even if the Republicans put an empty suit up against them. I think he'd lose. Why is that? Because of the country, this country man, the place that you evacuated. Yeah. It's no good. He can't get in. But it would be nice if he was smart fellow. Okay. All thanks for your enthusiasm. He can't get in. I hear you knockin' who's saying that. But you can't come in over Richard was that? I'll find out. I'll hear you knockin' but you can't come in. Is that the name of the song? It sounds like a little Richard. Yeah, I'll find out. Why won't this thing work? What are some of that thing going on the fritz on the blink? If we lose that man, we lose the old man. I'm waiting. I hear you knockin' I can't. He's waiting. 1227 on the pool. And what are you doing with it? I guess I don't have it at all. Or you don't have it. Why not? I was sitting there waiting for it to queue up and just don't have it. We got Disney Miss Lizzy. Yeah. Yeah, I don't think about Larry Williams. Every song basically. And they were all the same, yeah? Oh wait. You got it? Yeah, it's knockin' and instead of with a G. Yeah, sure. My name is Lewis, who the hell's smiley Lewis? I don't know what's going on. Oh, that's that. I would say 1841 on this. I hear you knockin' but you can't come in. Wait, there's no. Oh, smiley. Yeah. I hear you knockin' I'm wrapped. But you can't come in. I hear you knockin' I'm wrapped. But you can't come in. Let's do this. There's a mall closed and a mall is thrown. I hear you knock. Okay, that's enough. I'll say. WQA and hello. Hello. Yes. Yes. I hear you knockin' but you can't come in with a Richard. And I hear you knockin' you like, like, you were signing it. So I'll say it to Tommy now. Yeah, he did that to me. Yeah, he did that to, I do believe. Are you? I say it. Have a great day. Yeah. Thanks. What'd you say? I don't know. The fat man did that and found that I hear knock. I think he did. I typed in I hear you knock and everything came up. And that wasn't one of them. And he was little Richard. They've Edvin's did a copy. They've Edvin's. Can you hear it? I'll ride. They've Edvin's. One of these can deradiate men's the hardest driver from Ontario. Maybe some sense to kill him. Oh, got a little ball. Now his version is, I hear you knockin' you. Yeah. The other one's working. And now that he's trying it. But that's what I always say. They weren't like a son of a bitch. No, knockin' unless you try it. There they go. 12, 29 and a full. We got 200, like easy. Put them, Chris and his face. You better start like, you know, crank it up on not sure too, okay? Okay. Okay. Especially now that Ron is, uh, high speed trained. We're in a lot of drugs and I talk in twice as fast as you. I'm a figgist. Oh, I know why that nap is to play. Not an angry paid. Trude and free turn swore was bright. John's worried the day. And he leaves down low net. Every turn from R-A-M. And the rest of the way just knew one day that what's right would be condense. Chained at least some things or tapes. That's the fans could leave that way. Trude and sucks way have to play. Well, it was my day. Okay, 1246-14. It's the one at 5.60 WQA-M. And look at that phone man. You're right throughout the material. See, you know, never couch your chickens like I said before. Totally lay a big fat one. Yep. I thought we had something really going here yesterday. And of course, like you said, it was a short show. And look at us now. Maybe because they had the whole weekend to get all pent up and frustrated about calling. Is that what it was? Hey, I don't know. Just throwing a theory out there. Okay, 14 to 1 at Q. I'm fine. Here's the last one because I got a whole bunch of stuff including I already had this in my pile. I think about the judge with the pot. Okay. I'm judge smoking pot. What are we going to do? America's going to hell on a handbag. Yeah, big deal. Big men's sea. As they say in Somalia, big men's sea and maybe baby. And pass the home in Tasha. I want to say in Somalia, if they eat home in Tasha, then pour them something. I don't know. I doubt it. Let's go find out. WQA-M. Hello. WQA-M. WQA-M. WQA-M. Oh, got their pasta to round, baby. WQA-M. WQA-M. WQA-M. Hello. QA-M. Hello. WQA-M. Hello. Hello. WQA-M. WQA-M. WQA-M. WQA-M. WQA-M. WQA-M. WQA-M. I want to go through the whole thing again but I just need to do it. You're right. There's already two of you. WQA-M. Hello. I get a kick out of you. WQA-M. Hello. WQA-M. This is more like yesterday. Now we've got the great A material back. I thought maybe they were in a little bit dry. 560560, 60-by-rizen, singular wireless line. WQA-M. Hello. Hello. I'm a little bit dry. 560560, 5060, Ryzen, singular wireless line. WQA-M. Hello. Yes, sir. You. You. Can you play OJ Nojus? Oh. WQA-M. WQA-M. And I was going to say, OK, he like, you know, Bales. That's not good. Jesus, and I got all two more stuff to handle on here. Man, I got all the stuff going on. I'm a crackberry and I'm my, uh, is it missing? What does it say here? Oh, my God. I've branded what you relax, but I've been, uh, my ass, OK? And then, and what's his name is going to want to hear, uh, ancient Neil? I've been, you put it, Brandon, all the United States. Oh, it's enough enough. I'm too old for all of this too much excitement for me, you know? OK, let's get back to the judge. Long time, Howard Judge accused of smoking pot and Hollywood Park. Howard Circuit Judge Lawrence Cortez facing a misdemeanored charge of marijuana possession. Oh, my God. After a city police officer say they busted in first smoking pot and a Hollywood Park Sunday afternoon. The judge played a role in the animal course with case when he briefly handled a small part of the paternity battle over the former Playboy Centerful's infant daughter. Cortez 59 was not arrested, but was issued a notice to appear. April 26 and the satellite court house in a Hollywood. Cortez stayed on for us when record show no prior legal problems for the judge. So it could qualify for a first time offender pretrial drug diversion program. But the allegation that he used in legal drug could result in a complaint to the judicial qualification commission and possible discipline. Like whips and chains maybe, man. If the judicial watchdog agency found his conduct violated the judicial rules, he could face a reprimand or removal from the bench. Anyone can file a complaint with the commission. Cortez couldn't be reached for comment. Despite messages left with his judicial access and then chambers on Monday. It wasn't clear if he had hired the attorney. His assistant setting was on the bench Monday, presenting over trial. Also on clear was whether Cortez, a family court judge, would have made on the bench while the charges pending. The judicial qualification commission said Monday that no complaints been followed with the agency so far. And at this point, it's not about our chief judge, Dale Ross, to decide if Cortez should continue to work for the case, is resolved. About 2 p.m. Sunday, three officers who were in Stanley, gold, and more, more, and more, all part. Notice Cortez smoking a joint while sitting on the ground next to a tree in the park. Well, what's wrong with that? How do we police folks from Captain Tony Roddy said? They said they smelled a very strong odor. What they found to be married to Weenie Roddy said. They followed the smell of a gentleman sitting under a tree. SMOKING. He was actively smoking the marijuana cigarette. As opposed to passively smoking, he was actively smoking it. Or could it just had it sitting there and hailing the fumes it came on? Yeah, he got it just had it in his mouth. Passively. That's right. But he was being active with it. The officers who were in plainclose and exercising while on duty is permitted by the Army. He said the joint tested positive from marijuana. It tested positive from marijuana. Oh, I know how to test the marijuana. Okay. 3,200 dead soldiers in Iraq. 5 years of this lunacy now we're starting. And they said that it tested positive from marijuana. Most people accuse this smoking potter today. Tick instead of being arrested. You said. Here, you know, I mean, you're walking out on the streets here, and even in the elevator and there's building every now and then. Oh, I think that smells like marriage to weanie, baby. The overwhelming majority of people who are detained from marijuana cigarette are given a notice to appear, wrote. He said the judge lives in Hollywood was said it for Mr. Menor marijuana possession. Police records said court had one marijuana cigarette. One of the faggots, one faggots. The officers didn't know who court was till the asked his profession. He had no time asked for a preferential treatment. He said. And he comes from a respectable legal family, but it would be better. Well, it's like that thing about Tom Brady. I thought he was a clean cut guy, you know. And I was impregnating every hot chicken in the world enough. I thought he was a clean cut guy. Then he was going to be doing a hanky spanky like that. America living in the stone age, baby, in the dark ages. I'm surprised that I don't throw his ass in there for like 10 to 20. 1250 on the pool. If someone from out of town visits our Florida, make sure they don't miss the legendary OICR Canada legend around there. Thank you, Eric. Legendary New Roger show 344. I'm kicking big fat ass man, Pimpley ass. I would advise him not to come through it in 14. South Beach, 252. The, uh, they're outbound flight. Don't, don't miss it. 77. I'm sure they won't. I hate this pool. 64. 5.1%. Sorgresmeals Mall 38. Little of Anna 33. The early bird dinner 28. The jungle queen dinner cruise 26. Cemetery Village 21. The My Kai 21. A. Metro Zoo 17. The monkey jungle 12 and the parrot jungle only three. I think the parrot jungle was full of not a favor. Is that what the deal is? Didn't, didn't they move it after the hurricane or something like that? That is absolutely right. Oh, no, not another one of these pre-stories. All brother. The priest of a Northern Michigan parish will be in court today after being caught in any legal sex act. Oh, I can't believe that. Over a week ago, Water Slav Marzinski 42 and Richard Jackwish for 51 were arrested by State Police in a public park near Traversity, Michigan. What a slum. According to Police, the two men were engaged in a sex act. Oh, doesn't say what kind. Black Dome. Marzinski has been the priest of St. Mary's in Hannah a small parish near Kingsley, Michigan since 2001. The priest originally from Poland. Oh, from Poland. Huh. Has now been put on an administrative leave by the dice. He's a gay Lord. What? Gay. Lord. Is there a common that? Are you gay? Lord. Is there a face to see me evil times? Yeah. Marzinski faces a misdemeanor charge of scene conneracle being court today. The other man was in court last week. Charge carries a maximum penalty of 90 days in jail. He's going to be a people of people of people of here possibly for it. It's not 150. So it's on the pool. We got the mad dog at two and we got the eddie k for Hank 5 to 6. The 30 Panther game tonight. Any interest whatsoever. No. Please. So best challenge for the faces. We all rockers. That's no hell. When I'm up in Belka, take a slap in all the women with painted lips around the pool. I listen to the new Rogers one to two of them. Yeah. I mean, I listen to the new Rogers iron balance one to two hours. Boah. Boah. See here. I ain't never said going. I'm deaf. I'm deaf. That's a good boy. About each second. Don't. I ain't never said that. But the boy. The thing is that you're saying that you're not a good boy. Cheers. That's me. And they... Any interest whatsoever. Boah. Do it. To blowì„œ away. To do with the boy. To blowSI. To blow ROSIC! To blow Fansot. I ain't ten ot- Aaaaaaaa. Andboundos always sense to go out! I'm the one with the kids excellent coach. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I know it's sweatskate. WQA and hello. Hey, how you doing now? OK, sir. Listen, what's with this new air plane that landed in the, I don't know. A3 and a what about it? What do you mean what's with it? Well, it's got the casino and it's got a window and a bathroom. And then what's with people playing slot machines as a form of masturbation? There you go. No. Uh-uh. 5605. Well, there's a lot of tapping going on. We'll say that. 5605. 60 and pound 560 and the Verizon singular. Wireless line. Watch with this and what's with that and what's with the, yeah. What's with it? WQA and hello. QA and. Sounds awfully quiet. It is quiet. Why like, I like those books in the wild. I did you bring on squandle. WQA and hello. WQA and hello. WQA and hello. Hello, uncle me. Yes, I am. Oh, God. I'm glad I got you for true. I just want to say how many great stories there were today. And certainly not trying to save the world. But the global warming thing is out of this world. The great stories today about it. But how an earth. He says, think that the rest of the world is going to get on, get on the job with us. There's no way we can get on the bird with us. Is that what you said? I'm sorry. What's the thing? I said, have a great day. Somebody QA and hello. Get some help. QA and hello. I think that the red one had. Uh. Uh. I hear the 40's you ever, man. No, okay. Well, he must be with a judge out of the tree. SMOKI and G. Probably need to unapur by the way. You see, this is more like it. This is the kind of show that we're going to do. I don't care what a jolly, bro. You're jolly or anybody else. I'm just doing my show. I'm doing my thing. I got my personal consultant, author advising me, you know. Maybe I'll get walvers. Sabo, I'm the phone. You know, give me some really bad advice. This is what they want. Sitting in really all these depressing stories about George Bush's Anazi and Big Cheneys Anazi. And here, my caring rum spell was Anazi. I mean, we all know Carl Roe was Anazi. Is there any news about Anazi? What are we going to do about it, huh? Huh? Huh? Exactly. And I blame George for it. Sorry about that. For modding all those stupid ass bedtem. I mean, I got a few, you know. Scientists accuse his wife, how some Nazi tactics. I got that one there. I got some crap. Don't ever think I don't have a bunch of crap. Because when it comes to that on the Masterman on the crap, Master. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and 5, 60, and they've arrived in singular. Wireless line. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. WQAM. Yes, sir. What a great day it is to listen to you. Everything will bear wake up by lunch break. You, you have lunch with you and we pass the Buddha around and you have some sushi with me. I got lunch with the Niel. Oh, sushi! Hey! Hey! Why? Titcher, of course, that FIU and become a professor at FIU and come back to Miami so you can be my lover. Yeah, Titcher, of course, of what? Life? Of course, in life, yeah. That's serious. Of course, in comedy. 122 votes on a pool. That's somebody's very important facts, does not let say, oh, not in her, priest Jesus, God Almighty, Jesus Christ their motors. Delray, beech no less. Ah! A priest accused along with another clergyman, oh, we know who these guys are. We've had this is just enough Chuck on the story. A priest accused along with another clergyman of stealing more than $8 million from their church once and they were all connected and out of the parish funds was a waste of money. Oh, look at the data on this March 9th. I already did this story. Sorry. I got all excited. Over the dumbness story, man. This is March 9th. Today is March 12th. Last time I checked, we had this little awfully familiar about Father Gwynan and John Schien. They're Schien and the Schenam Thin ice, whatever they're doing. Hand in hand, gland in hand. All this crap of the church. He's thinking, no, I'm sick now, Brandon. I'm going to come over there and put you away into a coma. I can't, I'm just, I'm juggling five balls here today during the show. Really? And some of them already have five. It says, oh my God, he's got the, Grimmlins with your friends at Cali. Look, a good enjoy. And Brandon, I turn on right now. Warm up the set. Jesus, God Almighty, oh my life. What happened in my life? Sometimes I feel, you know how that goes. I wish I had the original one. You do, don't you? No, I don't. The bill called or one? That's right. This is not the original one. Are you any reminder what? Sometimes I feel myself. Wasn't that C-I said you're wild? What? It's not original. I don't know. I got it out of here. Three hundred. Again. That's a deal. It's not a place to be back. Oh, I can turn on that deal. The people who have the smile. Who know this is a deal. You know, I can make it like a shot. And you know this is a deal show. You know, you know, it's a deal show. You know, I can't bear it. Someone had picked it like that. Starts bleeding all over the place. Come, maybe at an important Tuesday, March 20th. The day that the old man finally gave up with a mush, you know. No more mush. Remember I told you I used to have that kind of buzz mush and no fat guy. Yeah, I did. It's smelling and smelling when I worked there for about a week. I told you that story. This was a big fat guy and we go to breakfast together. I was, you know, $80 a week job is selling and smelling because they couldn't find any of us a real job. So they hired us, you know, as a counselor job counselors, total bunch of cramps. And anyway, buzz mush was this fat guy's name. And we go into the, uh, dinosaur cross from where they're, how we worked in Hollywood. And he would order like, you know, pancakes and French toast and bacon and cereal and the two eggs and a small diet drink. That's a treat to her. Yeah, sorry, the boy would love to. I think I'm in union in a small dietary buzz mush and enough of the mush and baby. Okay, I get to message. Okay, I get to say I get to go. Oh, boy. Oh. Tell me what this is. Oh, no, the original I said. Sometimes I feel like I'm alive. I see my. Sometimes I feel like people don't want us to. You got it. So that's the secret I said. I do. Oh, listen. You sent me one. Me and smile. I could shout. I hope you miss Lee is crap on it. Remember. You can never make it back. I'm not afraid. They're called our own radio. They're called our own radio. They're called our own radio. Oh, that's what you're like. How about your weaverism and stuff on there? Oh, but just a sort of crap that I found in cards. Really? Things. I'm right. They don't make a muchville collar anymore. I'll tell you that. Okay, now what's the, this is not the disc. But this is an interesting one. It's got a lot of stuff on there that I never played. You're going down. Explosion will be of extraordinary magnitude. Oh, maybe that's why I never found the moon. You're going to be able to down a layer. Spank with moon rocks. All right. Woo. Nothing like getting spank with moon rocks. Isn't that how you get your moon off on the moon? You're going to get their passport down a layer. Spank with moon rocks. Okay, 122 votes on the poll. I told you we had 13 in the bank. On airs at the ugly kid with the glasses. Boy Scott, kid in North Carolina is going to get medical attention after being in a men going to reunite with a parent's. And then they'll take them up in the woods and see if they can lose them again. They tried like hell. And it came back, you know. So I have it a bad pit. And you take it on the woods and you let it go and hope that it. And then all of a sudden there's a scratching in the door. Oh, no. Not you again. W to Q a and hello. Q a n. What is it? It's wrong. It's wrong. It is. That's not the question. Who it is. It's a quote. Wow. W Q a n hello. I like it. W to welcome thanks for finding the answer in the question. Q a n hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. We got a bit of a big fan out here in Pahoki. Yeah. You know South Florida radio hasn't been the same since Rick and South's left. Yeah. Thank God. I'm Pahoki. Yeah. Rick Riley was big and Pahoki. In fact, the sun said he probably ought to be on the one in the Pahoki. And then we said in the Pahoki. In the Pahoki. 12. I did two of it. If I refresh this baby. And then I said we're going to go away over 13 today. 12. 95. They're coming in little chunks now Chris. Each her heart out. And the perichun goes got full. I thought that the, I guess way back when wasn't in the game. What's the perichun? I'm trying to think it was of the South Miami. Where was it? It would be original. We down, uh, one, 12. 12. 12. What? 12 and Galaway or something. I forgot the other car. Galaway. That's where Norman Brothers produce. Man, do I love Norman Brothers produce? I wonder if it, I hope it's still there. It is. Can we be okay before we got so overcrowded? Nobody's speaking in place. No more. That was the problem. No moss. No moss. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. And if you're about to judge an animal, call call the Clarks. More than we. WQAM. Hello. Call blue. Hmm. Look. WQAM. Hello. That's still got nothing. You sure now. Okay, just double second. 5, 6, 7. He can call 2, 3 times a day. Just in case. One of these days, you'll say, oh, I got something. But it might be contagious. You never know. See, you'll see that the maker can call. You'll see that the maker come back. He's just, you know, you've spent too much all of once. I'm sticking with it man. I'm going to persevere. All right. I'm sticking my nose right to the old grindstone. I'll stick it like like that. Like that. I'll be a grindstone cowboy. WQAM. Hello. QAM. QAM. Yeah. Very generally used to be the cross tree. What is one fault and hold cover. Right. And didn't go out with the hurricane or something? They moved it over to the beach. I think I'm a little island now. Very jungle island. Well, and then, and evidently, nobody can get there because there's nobody going. Nobody wants to go there. Four votes. Four votes out of $495. That's pretty lame. That's pretty lame. To go see the parents in the McCause. You know, we can go see the parents in the tropical cannon. Next time you go to Vegas. Okay. You ever go in the tropical cannon? Sure. I just had pretty good luck in the tropical cannon. That's where the rap city used to be. That is correct. Oh, man. Was that a great restaurant? They had the damn best. The best. What is the dessert I'm trying to think of now? Not baked the last for what's the other one? But in his foster. Now you're talking. Now we finally got to the meat of the matter. But in his foster. I think we've got to head that there too. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Yeah. Seeing you wonder, you scratch your head. You're so great when out of business. Always turn your hair up and you freight a lot... Maybe a Netflix, maybe? Does it have to be the guest of the Losgerton Group? Just to get in and get it out of your way. Mhm. Finish with that alge in the infat the restaurant and sell the traffic camera. Maybe somebody will know. Maybe somebody else needs a drive. Or maybe Frankie, if Peintangely, might not. Coincidence wi-kk many. Coincidence wi-kk many. Here it is instead the pizza is more than like. Frankie. Their food should be alone. Mike. Are you sitting high up on the stair honouratt. It's all over the place. It's like a disease that's spreading. A 52-year-old Roman Catholic priest is accused of forcefully touching a female coworker, at least it's a female, it's time. And well, then say all to us. The Reverend Peter Aneon Bodu was arrested and charged with three misdemeanor counts of harassment and one of forceable touching. He was arranged before Brockford Village Judge's eyes Friday, at least to return to court December 6th. Well, they're sure the December 6th. And this is the 16th of March. The DIC Syracuse who said in the statement that Enan Boyd Du requested was granted a personally of absence until a finalist visit into the charges. The charges accused him of kissing a woman with whom he worked a few months ago. Well, then say, where he kissed her though. Remember that song? By the early brothers? Where I kissed you? Yeah. Enan Boyd was ordained. His native Ghana in 84. Where I kissed you? Back back? And came to Rochester in 1988. He served the pastor of the Church of the Initivity. Blessed Virgin Mary and Brockford since 1999. Oh, I loved that's my favorite church. The church of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Brockford. I'm going right now. I'm going to get on my knees. Here's one. It says that we are ever going to be able to listen to your show here in Orlando. Yeah. It gets your computer. I moved here five years ago, but 90% of talk radio is conserved. The only good show is the Phillips file. But he's known the arrogors. And it says, the La Canada. Have you been pardoned? I think it's phelps or something? No, Phillips. What's that guy's name? He's always talking about me. Like everybody else. I can't think of you. Grim Phillips? Midnight Phillips? No. Phillips, you don't driver? No. Phillips, you don't driver. I like that. I always get to have one in your back pocket. Don't sit down fast though. 1311, both, baby. Unbelievable. That is unbelievable. That is unbelievable. It's very, very cool. How the folks get dead on you. And the cows you pose in. Orange, each of you say in his life. With your body, the kids are dead. He's got a job when you're dead. You're my wife. You have a brand new style too. We love the way you fought your youth. With the big fear, your gentle, and the breeze is like this. Oh, if we say and do is right. I know that. 119 is what our management says here. That's the esports mafia, QA. 1311 votes on a pull in case you didn't hear me talking over the virgin Mary. Don't be talking over the virgin Mary, man. She might have some William Portante to say, especially when she's hanging on of them over passes in Chicago. The other side of the bank building in Clearwater. She hangs out in some very strange places of virgin Mary. Paul and the Gable says the Parachungal move to Watson Island and now it sucks. Maybe that's why it's bringing up the rear on our pull today. I knew there had to be a reason. It says, it's just another modern iteration of a once-classic place to visit. It might as well have gone away. The serpentarium he says. Oh, no. Norman is still run strong. Norman wrote this as a shorties. Isn't that why they spend a billion dollars to build the metro rail so that everybody can go to the shorties bar to run. That's right. I'm going to tell you something. They must know the right people because when somebody when the government spends a billion dollars to your tax dollars, so everybody can go to lunch and shorties, you've got to say, ah, I respect that. A lot. 1315 on a pull. You know something if we didn't really put the pedal to the metal man, we could have said something about 14, huh? Huh? Did I say that? So the guy that called earlier for my email is writing a book about churches and clergy and the things they do. You see them. They say and he's heard me talk about my experiences and I want to pick my brain and get some stories. Well, I can say that on the air. I guess he didn't want to. Well, why not? Is that a big seat in the air? He must put the location of the table for this or what? Is this an operating reality? Treasure Island scams? Hi, I'm Pauy. Or something like that? I wish. But so far. I know something that I just don't know me. This is, I don't know what, how to say it. But this has been a phenomenal day for me. Well, I'm serious. I'm in great all day. A watershed day. It's been a watershed. It's not day. I don't know what that means. But they say that. Yeah, means I'm going to the watershed. Get spanked with the movement. It's a little bit. You know what they say? On the map, girls get their passport down and they're spanked with Murad. Oh. But let's another piece of news. It's been a long time. Spank boy has bugged us. You know, that particular fact boy? Yeah. That one like, hi, Pauy. Yeah. But this has been a watershed day in my life. I just, I know, just, everything is like falling into place. Like you're like an, you know, puzzled. You know, you're taking the pieces of a puzzle and putting together. Mm. Sounds awfully melodramatic to me. And it is. Oh. Don't tell me another, uh, oh, not another one. Worcester. This is from Worcester, Master, or some people say, would you please pass the Worcester Shire sauce? Ah. Or is it Worcester? Or is it somebody? Yeah. I think it's amazing how it literally people are. What do you call it? Yeah. Pass the Worcester, Worcester, or Shosh. A suspended priest who was arrested earlier this year after allegedly assaulting his mother and sister has been arrested again on similar charges. Well, maybe there are a couple of bitches who knows, you know? The Reverend Joseph Cunan 50, it was arrested Friday and it skips up to be a rain in doubly court next Monday on charges including domestic assault and battery on a person over 65, his mother and a disabled person. The sister is mentally retarded, oh, lovely, lovely pops. He also faces charge of assault and battery with a dangerous weapon, a truck pack of Pepsi. Oh, I hate when they use that. Uh. Worcester police sergeant Anthony Sod told the telegramming, he said, it was true that both women had superficial injuries. Police were called to the residence by a neighbor who had been contacted by Cunan sister Patricia Oizel. Cunan was with a sister and mother, Mabel Cunan. Mabel Black Label. Give her to those spots. Of course not. No. He was removed from isn't it amazing? Not amazing, but it's kind of neat that in different parts of the country there are different regional beers, you know? Like Genesey, Jenny and off-state New York and Black Label. Now who is it? Blood of Carlings Black Label is that who makes Black Label? Carlings? I don't know, I'll take your word for it. Mabel Black Label. And of course there's always the one from Utica. You see, Utica Club, you see. You see, it was removed from Ministry of Saint John C. When I start battling like this, this means for sure that I'm going to find me like a little pile of sodas at the bottom, hopefully after two o'clock right here at the bottom of my chair. He was removed from Ministry of Saint John's Roman Catholic Church in August 2002 by former Worstly Dicey's Bishop Daniel Rally, no Kim D'Rick. After allegations that Cunan committed sexual misconduct in the 70s before became a priest before he put on the frock. Now let me ask you if you put on the frock, does that make you look like fryer tuck? Fryer frock. Ha ha ha ha ha. On your flavor way, fryer frock. And then try to wear that baby. I think I am becoming a frock. Just been too much, just so much exciting activity day. I'm like, I'm going to fall into a pile of mush right in the chair. No more mush. In February, Cunan was arrested on charges including the Mexican Solving Battery and intimidating of witness after not just being between Cunan and the sister and his mother. Sounds like some domestic problems there, you know. In August, both women file statements with a court asking that the charges be dropped at it and the charge of the lawyer just said, but he's back again. Lots of priest out there were lots of problems. Most people blame me as they say in Italian. That guy was telling me about the bumper sick. Did you believe that guy? About the Neil God bumper sticker in Italy and Rome? What would he make up the story like that? Yeah, that's right. What kind of a lunatic? What kind of a maniac carer on the Neil Roger show? Talked that, we'll make up a story like that. I mean, there's way better stories to make up if you were going to make one up. Watch your language, Brandon. He's back again on this instrument. I'm telling you, these guys have got me going upside that back where it must be punishment. Must be punishment for something evil. I don't know. You deserve it. I do deserve it. Too much mush. No mush. I did ride race. And what is the idea to ride race? Or rather, that's a big pertinent that time. It's a long distance dog sled race. Dog sled race. And they say mush to the dogs. They would have the dogs hate them like point. I think it's uskimo or in you it. 1320. In you it. Oh, we got the in you with beer, baby. That's what I heard. Yeah. Same much to the ones they did. They did. They knew I knew Defo was a real drunk dog. Yeah. Same mush to one and see if they give you some. And not for the mush, you know, okay. That's what buzz said. Nothing to mush in. I'll have 14 pancakes. I have 16 orders of bacon and some sausage on the side. And a small diet drink. What a guy. I wonder if he's still alive. You know, what would it be interesting to I mean, not that it's important. I wouldn't have spent a lot of time online trying to find buzz mushing, you know. Or like some of the other people from my checkered past doing stupid jobs like that. But it would just be interesting to know, you know. Oh, no, he's dead and I would go. Oh, right. What a surprise. Something maybe feel the spirit of Christ and Christ. Just end the lecture. with every force inside of the right May your days be merry and high May May By the way, what's the name of the new times Bob Norman at work at Crepe yesterday about the soft food and self-appointed sensor in the jaw roasting and all that crap about red bone and all that hand bone what we do G cruelly So I had a shot. We could have had greatness today, man. Although I think we did achieve greatness. What do you call it a watershed day in the history of my life today? That's what I call it. Even though I don't know what that means. I don't need their money. I'll take it. So watershed day in my existence, I all way around. I'm going to show online, offline, in line. I'm going to go to the store and stand online. Now, suddenly, something I think only Jews do that. They stand online, New York Jews. Everybody else stands in line. But New York Jews stand online. I was online for half an hour. I've heard that before. Maybe they were Jews. I don't know. I didn't check ID. They were Jewish. I did Jewish. I did Jewish. I didn't know. I didn't know. I didn't know. I didn't know. I don't have a line for it. I had no patience. I have to learn. I have to be taught. Otherwise, if I don't learn to get some patience, I'm going to get a spank for the bread. I'm going to get their pants pulled down and they're spanked with murraks. So, WQAM. Hello. They are going to have to do it. Yes, sir. But I have to know Mr. Caller. What are you going? Something that deserves to be on the list. It's truly online account friends when they come and answer what it is. I take them to it. Truly, it's the flight of 1950's. Miami is the Venetian rule. Hey, throw a game. The way? The Venetian rule in throw a game. It is a natural rock-paper-paper rule that they've decorated up in 1950's. Now, I've been around since the 40's and 50's. I've brought some must-be, many of these never see it. I'll try to bring this for you. Okay. I'll say you don't put it on there. What about this guy? Huh? What about it? You shouldn't have been interested in it. There's nothing wrong with this guy. Well, I've never been there. It's a big fancy house on the water there. It's old. It's got some antiques inside. And that's it? Well, I mean, there are some people that really enjoy that kind of thing. There are no other than any four votes on our awarding poll today on a great Tuesday, March 20th, a banner day in the history of the New York Times show and my life in Georgia's life and Chris, and everybody else out there too. And all the shifts at sea. I have no idea why, but I've just made that up. 1344, if someone from out of town visits on Florida, make sure they don't miss blank. That's the poll. They don't miss blank. And believe me, if they come to South Florida, they're going to get plenty of blank. It almost has enough to inspire me to play. Tina's blank. As in, Tina's dead. Right, right. She's ready for this guy. But not enough. And I'm not Brandon. I'm not turning on the game show channel. Okay. The legendary New Roger show is leading the way. How do you like that? Boy, isn't nice pat on my back? I've had so many paths to them. I'm going to pass out on the floor. I like a pat on the shoulder and a pat on the back. I'm not quite so hard. You don't push me off the chair, guys. Legendary New Roger show 353. Don't miss it. Especially now that we're actually like having a wheel. No, this is what it's going to be. Maybe right now, I'm coming to that right now. And I don't care how many times George gives me. Oh, you need to go back to reading a whole bunch of Benta. I'll read a couple here and there. I'll slip on in, you know, when you at least expect it. But I've been here, you go like that. I'll slip on those and they'll do. I would advise them not to come to South Florida. 339, including me. That would be my best advice. Don't do it, please. Like that story that William Holden was telling you to begin in that work when they're getting drunk in the bar. Him and Howard Beal. And he says, hey, can't be taken into the foot of the George Washington Bridge. Remember he was doing a remote and the camp driver says, don't do it. You got your whole life, Adia. Pally. South Beach, 269. Don't miss you outbound flight 1111. Whatever you do, that's in fact jump on the wing. You know that is fresh no wing in a prayer. I would jump on the wing if that's what it took to get out of there. Can you believe how stupid I was when I left my winter coat? I turned to that story last time I came back up here. I was so depressed standing there when to check out lying. You know, I'm thinking of myself all the times that I flown back and forth from here down there and back. And generally, you're taking consideration of 7580 degrees down there. And it's like zero up here. You know, we're like maybe 25. Or maybe if you're lucky. But turn the man. And I'm standing there. I felt I just wanted to sit down on the floor and put my head in my hands and cry. Have you ever had that feeling? Well, probably you were every day. Yeah. But I don't know. Oh. They're off on flight 1111. I hate this pull 65 of a mere 4.8% that's pretty good. They like it. And we didn't even ask you to begin to show today. You like it. But we should do that from now on. Not that we're not that I'll pay any attention. We'll do whatever we want to do. Sogress mills mall. Don't miss it, man. 40 votes for the Sogress mills mall. It's an attraction. Why, Neil? I haven't got any idea. You can throw a rock from my house to the Sogress mills. In fact, if you're smart, you would. Little of an, a 36. Don't miss that. That'll make you get on Zeplean. Early bird dinner is got. But third man. The jungle queen dinner cruise 20. Now let me ask you something about the early bird. Are as many places offering it as they used to know that all the old Jews are dead. That's what I'm asking us. Well, I mean, just general opinion. I mean, you get around town a little bit. As far as I know. You know the thing about old people that keep making more. Yeah, that's right. Don't tell me. The jungle queen dinner cruise 20. How do you guys out there don't ever get old. That's my best advice. Believe me. Take my advice. My Kai 22. 7. 3. How does the Mike I even qualifies the tourist attraction? I know they got the, you know, the ponies and show. And all the glitzzy, I think they got the garden there. And yeah, that. I hear garden my ass. And I'll go get a rake. Maybe a hoe. Maybe I can be like, mow. I can get raked it. My Kai 22. 7. 8. 8. The metro zoo where you'll find the unshron McGill. You know, I never play that open. I don't know why. Probably because the Chris would have an ever sprake down. Though the one or two hours the one we run McGill. This is round McGill. For mommy Metro zoo. And I listen to that. No, Rogers want to chew our. No, that's even better than sex with the animals. I was with what all the sound effects are in there. I never, never, never be a funk about it before. Who the funk it? Metro zoo 19, monkey jungle 12, speaking of that. And a parrot jungle only for solamente quattro. So time to quattro. How come it can be quattro and uno? How come the Italians and the Spaniards could give? How come they could agree on two numbers there? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? What's the guy to do with Joseph Gakie at the wrong button? I was trying to say that. How come uno and quattro? Sincere when chinkway? Huh? Trace and tray? Yeah. Do those and do they? Neve and neve. Otto and Ocho? Hmm. C and. No. Twenty four two. Yes, see this. Twenty two or two or two. I hold the button. I feel in coherence and I don't know what it is. This has been. This hasn't been a show today. This whole thing has been like an experience. Did it happen? No. No. I don't think I'd be weathen. That's going to wake up and you're going to have to show all the ingredients. Yeah, I'm going to wake up and realize it's like seven in a morning. I've got to get up now. Get ready to do all this. And do this and do that and it's only Tuesday. The good news is Thursday another mile I gave it 1250. Oh yeah. Oh. It's been worth my internship at the US. You're rating to diet. Oh. Good. Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass. I said I was so yeah. And how? Rectoms. If you don't get in place, somebody could have not fulfilled my second ass. But I'm easy. Huh? I know, James, I'll have to be coming back. I'm tired of considering a look where it had been. I'm tired of being. If you want to know what I'll say if I'm shutting that transfer into the lounge. Why? That's easy. You. Oh. Oh. You. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. You. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. On these year old times, I only got you to pay. I'm tired of my ratings and part of doubt in these days. I'm tired of my ratings and part of my ratings and part of my ratings and part of my ratings. I'm tired of my ratings and part of my ratings and part of my ratings and part of my ratings. I'm tired of my ratings and part of my ratings and part of my ratings and part of my ratings. I'm tired of my ratings and part of my ratings and part of my ratings. I'm tired of my ratings and part of my ratings. I'm tired of my ratings and part of my ratings. I'm tired of my ratings and part of my ratings. I'm tired of my ratings and part of my ratings. I'm tired of my ratings and part of my ratings. And the poll in the comments. See. What do you guys know, Miami? On the moon. Merge. Get their passport down and there. Spank with Murach. Okay. 14. I can't wait for that. 1300 and 603 votes. May I increase you really missed an old an opportunity. I have taught us. We could have another day just like last Monday. Remember last Monday when we had 15 evidence. Some odd votes. And I do underlined the odd part on a show and we were going nuts. I was going nuts. I was the beginning of the book, Chin around so to speak. Chin around, back your pants, back to the moon, or just moon the audience. Well, this, this, whoever is sending us all these stories, no, no, working overtime. When that's good, I like these stories. Driver's sex charges added. In Diamond brought back against priest as well. Coveington, Kentucky. Oh, that's a place you don't want to be. Or just, I'm sure must be. This is Cincinnati.com. But isn't coming to Kentucky, yes it is. I don't know. It is. It never knows. Yes it is. Memory, yes it is by the Beatles. That was the flip side of something really good. Does that flip side of yes today? Yes it is. You don't have that by the Beatles by the Beatles? Yes, I do. Well, let's hear it. That's a great one. One thing isn't working. Yeah, kick it. Smack it a little bit, okay? Spank it with moon rocks. That'd be nice. A former school bus driver was invited in Kenton County, Kentucky, on charges of sexually splitting the child today. Andrew Grabo, or is that grab on? 40 of Florence wasn't that that I'm too concerned first of each autonomy. I want to first of me rate that it dish to another felony. All the charges grab penalty of 20 years to life in prison. Kenton Commonwealth attorney, Rob Sanders said Grabo sexually is full of the preteen from June 2004 through April 2005 when he lived in Comington. Investigate to say they found movies of the sexual exploitation and Grabo's computer clinical records, the records said that movies were money a large amount of photographic material confiscated. Grabo remains in the boon county jail where he faces sexually charges sexually is full of another child. And what if it's the old boon in the box in the boon county jail? You think? Don't tell me it's more of this. Oh, no, it's a no. Oh, it's a no, it's okay. It says he was arrested January 25 and 8 counts of use of a minor in a sexual performance. Boon County Sheriff deputy city was having sexual relations with the 16 year old student who wrote his boon county school bus and I've been only was riding more than that. Circuit judge Patricia Sumi will arrange grew a group on the county attorney's April 2nd in Comington. In a separate case today, the grand jury brought back an indictment against the Reverend Thomas A. and Gaki was at geeky who's been on medical leave since 2000 from the archdiocese of Cincinnati. Oh, no. When is it ever stop? Will it ever stop, huh? Father, you happen all the boy. No chance. Gaki was indicted on a charge of first to be in possession of a controlled substance upon a family punishable about to five years in prison. Investigators said they found 0 to grams of crack cocaine and geeky's car as well as a straw. Maybe it was just rickety soda pop. Spoons and crack pipes and luther bag between the front seats as well as black and white photographs of well-indoubed men. Oh, wow. Put all those things together. What do you got? All of these things. He was also in debt that one kind of possession of drug paraphernalia a misdemeanor. Pictures of well-indoubed men black and white photos, though not full color. Gaki was arrested in January 8th by members of the Northern Kentucky Drug Strike Force outside the Hampton Inn in Calington. He told police and all his intampa, I'm right. He previously served his pastor to churches in Dayton, Ohio, narcotic agents responding to tip watches Gaki left his hotel room with two other men. Oh, what were they doing in that room? Oh, you're fair. They filed a. When the three got into his car, the agents approached and asked them to get out. Gaki remains free on Bono Bay, rain and Kenton circuit court today. Before Judge Stephen Yeager, or is that Yager as a Niarmer a Yager? I don't think so. Let's have some hockey talk, what do you say? No. Let's get rumored on the phone to a hockey show. No. No. And that's another good thing. Not only don't we see fat boy anymore. That's another reason I'm in such a good mood today. You know, well, so I never hear from anymore. Remember? Ever, ever hear. Come on, come on, come on, come on. In other words, if it's free, it's being. Well, that's really good news. 1367 most you see, we really, I mean, we're going to be on the edge of 14 as it is now. Without the big pooch. I mean, we're certainly not going to get 33 votes in nine minutes. But we're going to be right on the precipice man, right on the edge of such phenomenal greatness. This isn't just legendary. This is almost unspeakable, you know? It's almost, it's almost like a religious experience that you know, Roger show. That's why they say, they'll go. And they do. That's K&EEL view. They meal. And we were leading on the pool out of 1367 votes. If someone from out of town visits for it to make sure they don't miss the legendary neo-rodger show, 355. Over a quarter of the respondents are like tinkling all over my leg. Excuse me. Well, I'll go get a towel, please. Just like that. Two member can't play that anymore. Just don't think about all the great things. I do. Sometimes I do. I do. And I do that before. I even more than I. Normally, yeah. Anyway, here's the facet says, having played tour guide from any of his You must see for those who want to do we put this guy on there, why not? Some people say history is sure. The gardens are as beautiful as the house. The gardens are very beautiful. But each in pools also bury his doorclinem cool to see, but probably won five on a top ten list. The sky is, says, I would put number two. The new pair of jungles, they share them a tourist trap, whereas the old pair of jungles pretty cool, since whoever this is. Well, thank you very much. Thank you so much. The new pair of jungles, say, you know, it's for the birds. I still would like to see a McCall once again before I die. Now, when you go into the trap account of the point I was trying to make before, is that when you go, you know how they have those walkways like from the MGM grand, and you go right across, and you're like in the trap account. And you walk through the lobby in there, and you've got all those parrots. And they just hang out on those, I'm not going to call those things. Parrots? No, but they hang out on those wooden things. They're just branches, they're just branches, they're just branches, they're just, they're on a perch. That's it, perch. And those are those go fishing, and like a French say, perch on this, jump on Z. That's what the French say. They hold up that middle finger, jump on Z. That's why you don't want to ever go to a fruit parrots. Too many freaking Frenchmen. What's that doing? What's that doing? What's that doing? What's that doing? Bonds might be slip in slip in slip in, has these bad tips. Bonds might be slip in slip in slip in slip in slip in slip in slip in slip in slip. And then pass me in spankers. Don't want to fly with a kite up. Overseas. Fly with a kite up. I'll be grown as with a ring. Don't want to fly with a kite up. I'll die now, man. Oh, no, not me. I'm on and up in the ocean. Pakistanis. I'm covered in nasty skin. Natural glyphos. And a tube of dense dream. Mix it up and oil. Make some tnt. Oh, no, that's no solution. Go on a five without kite up. Be always cheap. Five without kite up. They'll be nothing left of me. Don't want to fly with a kite up. Wait and see. I'm on and up in the ocean. And welcome to Heslo International Airport. Please note in high security measures. Our employees for the aviation sector. All liquid and gels up prohibited. We can check out the aircraft. There's a good coverage, a shampoo, a perfume, a sun's hand lotion, a toothpaste, a beer. I'm a kite and consider what consistency. Thank you for your attention. Enjoy your flight. Bye-bye!