Tata-kanalaho deobakbarito HBO's wasteiest comedy is now in Siddication TV has superstition is found to bring you and the city Wait, isn't that show called Sex and the city? Nope, it and the city Well, what happened to the sex? It's all been added to it so we could show it on Basic cable You won't want to miss a single second Every hilarious five minutes of the show to help In the city But isn't that show a half hour long? Not after all the objectionable material hit the cutting rule Blower Ah, and speaking of the floor You'll be rolling in laughter on yours When you watch the antics up And the city's free gorgeous female stars I've got it had four women Well unfortunately none of some anthocene's Could be salvaged But don't fret And the city on TVS will still be serving up plenty of Racy episodes about shoes And shoes and shoes Will will we at least find out how big Mr. Big Fee are? We can't even mention him Tune in to TVS the new home of And the city it's not HBO It's TV Why do you know what they say about shoe size? I think that's another one of those really stupid stereotypes Oh, he's got big feet therefore he must have a big Hands or something like that Isn't that the gender of the stereotypes? That's what they say That's exactly what they say Well, about your feet, Josh, what we don't want to know I wouldn't assume you'd have big feet, you're not you know I I wear a leather nine you wearing 11 yeah That's pretty big people are in 11 shoe Well, let's let's not go there. Okay. Hey, that means I have big hands You know it's really funny because and by the way thanks to my buddy Zisco and Ricky last night, but it were confabulating with me for like I don't think about a sleep anymore. I'm just gonna stay under and confabili with whoever can stay Up lay them up to if he bop bop bop like that, thanks guys But anyways, this goes thought it would be a really good to pull the question to take his Josh a good kisser Zisco by the way is heterosexual and got a very nice girl friends that'll worry about that He's not the guy that's after your ass. I'll I'm sure they're several but he's wondering if I'm a good kisser. That's a little strange, huh? Well, what would you say? Well you could make the first vote couldn't you? All that's right. I forgot about that all man that was memorable In the elevator talk about love on an elevator even steamy talent never had lips like that Seriously, you consider yourself well, I mean how does that any know if they're a good kisser? Not how do you really know the woman's response? Well, that would be like if you're a good lover or not No, that's not true. If you're a good kisser then you can kind of afterwards. That's what she wants to do Well, just stop there. You don't I'm saying Uh-huh But even if you're a bad lover she'll continue if she's a good actress as I would you say All right, let's just move right along. We don't want to kind of continue with that crap from yesterday In fact the crap I want to talk about just briefly no more than two three hours Is this business just just in passing how do we get another thing when I asked you about the facts machine? And then as it hooked up and they get the toner cartridge and you said Like that They did not I have a box of six toner cartridges that I just paid for out of my own ass and after all the money I lost it would by yesterday by the way. It's a mirror fucking afford these but I yeah I got them so that when I need new toner cartridges I don't have to say oh I can't use the facts my sheen mine because there's no toe because the budget won't allow us to go And buy yeah, we have break. There's a freeze on spending freeze my fat ass, okay God are you kidding me Freeze on spending they can't afford so so I spent 250 bucks to buy a nice you got a myth it's a pretty nice machine I'll almost forget to use but nevertheless yes, it is used and I didn't it come without a A power a power cord I believe yeah, so I remember I was missing something I was in one action to the computer. There you go. So what about it? But it's still pretty good my sheen. Yes, it is certainly compared to our K of piece of crap that there was there before that I'm assuming you're still using your gun now But at any rate and still sitting there and they can't use it because the company is too cheap to afford to buy a toner cartridge for 35 bucks So 30 bucks. I would say 30 bucks makes a nice paper wait though. Yeah And then see again. I don't want to get excited about this because I'm going on vacation Want to clock tomorrow I'm out of here and for 10 days or whatever and just it's just this heartening I mean these people will really have you believe that they are serious about being a business and that they were supposed to take them seriously That these people believe that they're still competing with anybody on any level you call this big market radio Not even moanos absolutely not Robert you he's laughing up his rest of your old sleeve. You know I guarantee it I told you who did mo in all out of the crap I bet he's and let's see what days the night visit Monday or Tuesday. I guess it's Monday, right? Is the night I believe so yes and That's today the next dream comes out 11 30 I'm gonna because I won't be around thank God for that Duff she promised me this morning a duck you fair that he was gonna email me if there was like any good news And there I don't care if it's good news or bad news but make sure that George emails me with the uh something Okay Okay, send me what you won't remember that no Just like nobody remember to change the port yesterday when I was losing my answer wood by and when I came back like You know tell me to because I forgot okay I forgot to tell you and you forgot to do it and everybody forgot to vote because that's why we only have 585 votes We have a god anymore chance to make an 1000 even though we have a full four hour show today Then you have a walkin out in your backyard and finding a million dollars in small bills and cash and We'll get a thousand vote. I didn't win the 38 million dollar lotter less now. I got 15 bucks Completely a very bad gambling day bad 15 bucks Pathetic and two people won the two people one of the age got 19 million. I would have settled for that. Oh Yeah, yeah, if I would have been one of them 19 million cash check Canadian ace was only 86 or certain sense of that. I still could say you know I could squeeze bond And if I would have been one of those two do you think I'd be right now you guys would be pumping out I hell of a show believe me You probably we plant some of those tapes that fat jolly Joe like so much now You know we just show huh we just don't music show Why does George do that? I mean how many years George has been doing this for nine years now? Well Well, he likes new music and no one He's a little bit about new music his taste in music man his taste is in his touche, okay? He likes new music so He says just because he likes mute. Oh, you know, he's no it's just that this is in the music show I know you talking to me doesn't it's like on a holiday no I'm not talking about that But like you like if I say he I'll be right back. I gotta go and get something to it And he throws music on I'm not knocking George behind his back because I would I think you're I say the same thing when he's there I'll tell him that tomorrow again. I have told him that we've discussed this on the year Because it feels anything there's nothing about saying something right away That's my point that's exactly right say something you know say something Anything look that hates a bird thing would it guys to say something you know or no, they're guys saying play something Stay sure that music now. He's defy played music music that I like not the audience probably old farce like me would like it At any way yeah, you can tell me all you're mind about his new music. Then he likes I don't think I've ever He didn't play any music that was like I would consider music well we've talked about your music taste Well, yeah, I mean you with you know you have you You're tasting music is the music that you grew up with I don't care how old you are But I don't agree with that because I like classic music and you know Clat with their classic rock So how does it sound what should toggle you know let's you talk I'm able to hear I'm able to hear music I can hear good you know rock I can hear classic rock Motile like I said you hit a point where you stop am I correct? You know like you can't hear music nowadays because of whether it's like the young punk thing or it's just a different I mean when I was an Amsterdam and I had my two-set like dishes and all those MTV and all the 80s Video music video channels from all over Europe. I was a zid in years ahead of you guys. I mean You know all the stuff I never was into the rap garbage to me. That's not music It's just it's not my music. I didn't grow up with it until me. It's grow test gets garbage Like in the end if you tell me that M&M ever made any music. I'm going to tell you your crazy person Well, he's doing pretty well for himself That's so what does that mean so all those rappers making millions is that mean that that's music? He's doing pretty well for himself. He's they have an audience. I always doesn't mean that I don't know You know I'm a hip hopper. I like some of it. I like a lot of hip hop It has its purpose You know like a lot of his ad It's good in the clubs you know you get a little girl to grind up on you when they hip hop See here we go get the girl to grind it everything comes back to horny guy Hey music. You know trying trying every desperate angle to get the girl to bump and grind and loosen I'll try it. I wouldn't do with that and you're near the guy that says you don't like these holes man See that's what I don't understand. I don't know you're you're so wrong with what I'm saying this happens a lot by the way I love the hose. Okay. I love the hose Yeah, I think those took a shot. I don't want to date. I don't know. I love the hose too It all depends on what it's attached. Yeah, that's true. But anyway, can I do it one quick thing here? Because we've only got four hours today. Oh, it's good. Let's continue doing this kill a couple hours with this And like I told you before in the show. See I'm not a bullcraper as you know and I'm gonna pretend oh I'm here because I want to like change the world on the show today and now all this other crap I'm leaving here a water clock tomorrow. You know, I wait a minute. WQAM line one hello. Oh, not there. What a shame that was That thought maybe there was a call there QAM I'll face her Man, let me tell you I'm 43 Chicago one of the best groups of all time when cherry capital This new or music very can't they tell you put the gun now. Oh Jesus you're going The new music You know like he's saying these guys are making millions and you said what's that mean? It just means that there's more people out there that don't know what music is behind the record Amen, hey man, pali Yeah, I was gonna make you old fart all the soulfarts got us together I mean American idols making the producers of that show millions of dollars to the same It's a good show that we want to watch it. I would say absolutely not you watch it absolutely not well Why is that they're making millions with it? Listen, that's not the point the point is as you say if it's a new that you're making the point you said MMM is making the doing great. I said he's doing okay for himself. He has an audience. That's something my point is is you don't listen to music If it's a rush having audience to it. Does that mean he's a great broadcaster? That he's got anything intelligence to say that he has something offered to human race be said pop and pills and being a phony baloney right wing jackass Just because somebody's got a following doesn't mean that you know I could add a big following too. I could have been a contender pop had janko look what I got I got a normal I got to see who it leaves me a message yesterday Amaya that's just what I need to come and back lose my answer would buy and I see I got a message on my phone I pick it up. Oh, it's normal. I'm just cold. So you're just stopping by to say hi I thought he was gonna say in a way as maybe he's gonna start talking to my space. Let me go just go away normal Okay, leave the world's man. He's like he's left me out on a limb naked You want me by that? He's left me hang it out there on a limb naked naked is a jay bird is what you've done Norma and I don't bother me. I'm going on vacation leave me alone You're the last person I want to hear from Norma and Jolly Joe and to the beeslies I don't want to hear from any of you guys just keep the checks coming and go away Because there isn't anybody who's listening to the show from more than five minutes who doesn't know that I could have been a major contender baby I could have been big huge I could have been bigger than the freaking six million dollar man I'm not nothing doing so bad, you know But it's just it just every now and then I think about that and why does he call here just to get me depressed? I'm sure we didn't have anything of any value or use to pass along to me other than of course Maybe you can put my a gay and my fag online newspaper again No, no, go away No That is the then the coolestness baby daughter of any limb we now have someone else stepping up saying I could be the father It's my baby to freak me out lawyers faring in front of the press and tell somebody can come in and prove one of these 10 people We have now they gotta come in with their DNA through there the father. Oh, come in. Oh, baby. Hey, if you're the dad prove it. I tried to Shagger rotten baby. Yeah, if he wants to be the father of any limb take a test or you man and prove that he's a father Okay, it's 10 18 at 5 60 W to kill much signal. I'm gonna schedule for Thursday, April 5 Mad dog at Augusta for the master is baby get out the green jacket. Oh, golf. I can't wait to hear about that Then we got the power hour with the Hank the Humster and the mad dog together from four to five a client five the seven is Hank So low Napoleon so low and Hank so low hurricane outline seven eight any interest in that crap And then eight o'clock till ten and say decay and then we sign off at 10 with the SPM radio Here's a branded who wants to be I think he wants to get into a verbal brawl with you Okay, no, he just sent me an email for you. He says ignorant This is that Dan John seems to get stupider every day absolutely I think I Think what he meant to say is a fork and a garbage disposal sounds better than rap music if you I don't listen already can I can I finish reading this please? Okay, it's only one or two more sentences here If you'll just calm down now If you watch 20 rap music videos, you'll see the same thing the rapper throwing money around a girls with big asses shaking into the camera That's it how many songs can you make about money smoking and a hose is what brand they want to know Go ahead Rap artists are like cartoon characters to me. They're just funny. I don't listen to rap music. That's not what I said I just said some of it is good because I can hear music I listen to rock on my own time, but I can I can hear anything pop, you know old school classic I talk goes the way I like music. I don't you know, I don't general just listen to one you know genre music I think that's terrible. I feel bad for people that can only hear one time So you're saying like one kind of music because I was just no, I'm saying you don't like anything after whatever date it is you Was cut off A lot of people are old that new stuff. I don't like it. You know I always try to hear a good stuff Whether it's old I know I'm not standing in a shadows of mode time. I correct it. I did and wasn't it great? It was very good I don't want to put words in your mouth or anything else, but you didn't have to agree that that was great Yeah, I learned a lot too because I did not know a lot of that stuff My call it got started and all that and quite frankly needs a rise How you could say I like only one kind of music to me is so such a slap in my ugly I didn't say it is so insulting to me is to be just outrageous. Okay, you're not here and what I'm saying No, I'm making it up. I'm embellishing it because it makes a more exciting right of course Go ahead. No, you just you know I don't think that you give anything a chance that like if I were to just like bust out with a wreck like oh I got a new song. It just can be a silly good I said bust out That's for me. I tune out my ears close up automatically when you said bust out. I'll shame on you This is Here's part two of your comment here. Don't you want to hear it go ahead. It says this is from Brandon to Josh Ignorant is the headline again yours consistent is diary or once you get it you can't control Excellent very well put my friend very well Wow Anyway, go ahead. Oh, I've done man. I don't need to I guess I can be the intermediary between I don't want to see you out anymore diarrhea You know, no, that's right and of course with me. It's the verbal diarrhea That's why I get in trouble especially online too much verbal diarrhea Ben Harper is God baby Let me say let's play some music like George would do if you were here today and probably will do between one and two tomorrow over my dead body If he can't do one hour without playing music for Christ's sake Especially on good Friday about some good music and good price Sounds good to this See there's one of the unsome heroes to me now you saw that movie right standing with shows a motown I then you agreed that Ben Harper was great. He did the two songs. He did that one in the into private bag. He's a great awesome And that late the the white chick what was her no, I was born great as well I'm gonna tell you let's see what becomes in the broken hearted. Yes, she is she's so good at a scary I bored this weekend post standing in the shadows of Ota you will read it then you'll find out what the musicians are all about Beyond musical too I almost think she sounds better than the original. Yeah, absolutely Now Now And before I sat out where we have the motown. I was born from Asia y.ph. So now let me just interrupt her is as sacrilegious as that is by just saying this to you anybody that would call this for example This song by Joan Osborne or the original by Jimmy Ruffin or was it David Ruffin? Jimmy Ruffin and put that the same category with the Swilled at your turn to tell me his music. I would say that that would be like saying that a hundred a thousand dollar bill is like a penny It's money. I mean, yeah, it's money. It makes a sound So if something makes a sound that makes it music? No, if it's good. I like it. I don't care what genre it is. Good. I like rap music is an oxymoron. Anyway, you love the movie. You love the songs and you're giving me a song of the inside got bad taste in music It works with his bed when you say the roast with his bed Love arrows you say the boys are bad. Hello when I was talking about yellow a few weeks ago a few months ago in Georgia So I didn't know you're like yellow. Well, maybe you taste in music isn't really all that bad See I have diverse taste in music. I'm not like one dimensional. You know like oh, I'm into hip hop man That's where it's I'm up below. Okay Let me put it to this way right now and I don't care all the punks out there to grew up with it and threw up with it I don't care what you say to me. I can really give you my taste in music And that somebody else is not your Schmendrick down the street to me hip hop is such garbage It's not insult to my intelligence then anybody would even call it music. I don't completely disagree with you I don't like hip hop as like a mass, but I think there's some good hip hop Yeah, it's terrible. I'm sorry. There's a lot of hip hop. Yeah, so I'm funny Yeah, you know comedic hip hop that I you know or old school. I like old school hip hop like 80s. Oh Yeah, old yeah, you're busted move. You know, yeah, bust this buster rhymes All that rhyme and jive and crap man It's you know what it is. It's a tribute to stupidity and a literacy is what it is That's exactly what the garbage is. It's a tribute to a literacy And without getting into a racial thing Let me just say this and that's also what the what sports is becoming to is a tribute to stupidity and a literacy Give me the ball give me the ball. You know and be as a little bit as they want to be that that's what jax are you know it's the same thing In fact, and I like I'll convince that hold the alarm That's what that's all about how dumb can I be and actually make a lot of money doing it Works for me Really for a minister Tony Blair has welcomed the return home of those 15 British service members Helping captive kept it in a ran for nearly two weeks and we had a rate of that no diplomatic feels We're done to secure the release even the queen didn't put out a few pounds She could afford to lose a few pounds at bitch Blair was speaking his British Airways flight carrying the group for a pardon by Iranian president machimu dachman in the judges today Touched down a heat to airport and London and they following a six hour flight from Tehran and they made a big Simis about it and in fact they're eating the Simis right now is a carrot Simis. I'm not a half a titty core of myself Especially at Paisas He said the release was a reason to rejoice note that their rival home commitment news of the deaths of four British soldiers in Iraq Oh boy, what are they doing in Iraq? That's obviously the real question What were they doing there for the Iraq attack other than Tony Blair's got his nose so far up toward Bush's ass That it's coming out of Bush's left ear. That's the problem and when you got an ear when you got a nose coming out of your ear Then you can hear and smell at the same time, which is not that bad Whatever that means we're not gonna make a thousand on this poll today Chris is gonna be really depressed And that's because both Josh and I forgot about changing the poll Slack I come home from losing my ass. I get that stupid ass message from Norma. Can't on my voice mail Oh, I'm just calling this you fucking depress you. Why did you just leave that on a voice mail norm? I'm just calling to see if I can depress you and Get you in a really sour mood, you know, which already I was not thank God for my correspondence out there For Brandon's fiscal and Ricky in the whoever else was on her Till almost midnight last night. Bob Bob Bob Bob see that thing can be fun. I don't care what you say if you talk it'll like rational people If you're talking to people at you you follow what I'm saying yeah 650 votes on her. You know something I think we could do it. What you think Chris can we can we are given a shot? Yeah, then we can do it. This is gonna be the this will be the true test. Maybe the trueist of all그렇 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, yeah, alright oh, so here, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, 전byly lyrics like what that is, so there we go like that yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah- yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah yeah, yeah X3 Set Up Players Have a good Partitude in Manfareth, Abo View? Dream ticket Oh that's ancientacha? Manfareth by Certain Gangster rap, we're laughing at it. And let's take out the polls here. We'll interspersed a little bit of the real show. And then the rest of the time we'll argue about music with John. And we'll be the random one we will and review with Anne. I don't know why. Why she didn't write this to the whole thing. Because she can't. Because he knows I'll see that all on me. So I'll just go on the day. And he made it. I said, if she kicked serious Anne's film, I was born. And she, in fact, if we're for George, I wouldn't know that she was the one that did what if what was the name of the movie? What if she not was one of us? And that's what. What if that's what came about? That was Joan Osborne. She's great. She's great. I mean, she's no Nelly for Tato, but then who the hell is? She's no Anne Marie. Don't start with all those Canadian performers now. When you stop and think about it, John Candy was Canadian. And what's his name is Canadian? Will you be shattering? Give him Harry Hall? Who? Jim Carrey? Pan-man. Is that Harry? Well, I ain't nothing's perfect. And what about Leslie Nielsen's Canadian? Martin is short. Like I said, nothing's perfect. Yeah, I was going to say. I can't stand Martin short. He makes me. He's just appeared anyway, but good. Good. Here's yesterday's pool. We had 14 to 96 votes on this thing. A phenomenal. I bet you that we're talking about this air. We water cooler every word in town. Grills who go all the way on the first date are the best for 117. Best by test, especially with a large breath. Just one will do. Like more I carry. One large breath in the middle of the chest. Yeah, well, why, you know, a match set would be nice, but in her case only one. Solomon Thuuno. The best for 117. Grills to go all the way to first date are what I'm looking for. 341. Just want a good time to 130. Grills just want to have a good time. Sluts. 146. Rare 138. That doesn't work out too well on the FM dial. 138. I did like that rare one on nine. I thought that was a good idea. Too bad I don't have so rare by Jimmy Dorsey. You hate that. I would hate that. Yes. It's an instrumental. It's not your kind of music. Believe me when I tell you. It's not like that. No, it's not your kind of music. I love that you have this, you know, envision a boy. It's not even my kind of music. Okay, so if it's, you know, if it's that archaic, it would be like saying, you like Glenn Miller, you know, almost. You like Glenn Miller? I don't know. I mean, here's some. No thanks. Like like I got Glenn Miller here. Okay. I'm that old. Huh? See, I hate to break the news. But I have a musical taste of a 64 year old man. That's what I have. And because that's what I am. I'm not going to pretend to be hip and cool. I'm about as hip is a cardboard box. Is that square table that they think they find a get rid of. I'm at morning show. Yeah, they did. Oh, they they finally get rid of the square. You know something that toast. They're taking him out and fry his ass. They had put him in the toaster. He's not how you make toast. Just stick it in the toaster. Stick his ass in the freaking toaster. At least, no come in the microwave for a few hours. Comes over from across the street. I guarantee he's sabotage an emissary. And back in him with that square table crap. That was the worst garbage. And those questions. If Martin and I worked our level would be a man. Who would you look like? Yeah, yeah, a Lincoln. God Almighty. I hate this poll yesterday. Only a 64 or 4.2 percent. What a far cry from the one today. Which they despise. I don't know who was the census one today. Oh, University Dodge again. Oh, they hate you guys. Probably because Kim was so boring. Girls who go all the way to first date are drunk 59. And of course, pleasantly drunk as opposed to unclosively drunk. And disgusting 28. Well, if they're disgusting, then why would guys want to go all the way with them in the first place? On the first day to the tenth day to the disgusting. Unless of course, the guys really hoarding this. But maybe he's disgusting too. Don't you think that disgusting, you know, they say birds are a feather hang out together. What's wrong with that? Disgusting people doing each other. What could anything be wrong with that? No. Oh, here's a cute dog stir. I bet you might love his disco like this if he's listening. And of course, people are probably wondering, any of these people that you course find with that they ever work. Yeah, they didn't have a job. I'm not saying they actually worked. Look at me. I show up every day here to our really work. Not really. Anybody who thinks this is a soft touch trying to entertain this crowd. For the air every day 31 years and a month. And then how many shows did I figure we had left 455 less all the vacations. I talked about 20 I'd say. This is an ease summit. Missouri. I think there's a letter missing off the beginning of that. Well, whatever it is, who had never heard of it anyway? A Boston Terrier named Mickey, who disappeared four years ago from a suburban Kansas city backyard, was found in Montana and reunited with his owners this week. Four years ago. Is that enough to make you cry? It's pretty nice. Share, share, rise and her daughter, Carrie Mitchell thought they had lost Mickey forever. Until I received a call from animal shelter last week, a hundred miles away in Billings, Montana. How do you like that? And you know what the first thing was that Mickey said when they brought him home? What's that? I sure? A microchip by Mickey helped the Billings animal shelter returning. Although the microchips are great, sometimes they're little slow. How four years, some lady from the public walked in the back door say, Chris, the ward office manager of this shelter. She found the dog running up the street. She tossed him to me and asked how star she tossed him to me. Well, Boston Terrier is a little bit of dog. Yes. Words said she called, Ava, a company that makes microchip identification systems and was given the name of veterinary eclinic and leases summit Missouri. I called that clinic because they were the one that should have a record of that chip, words said. I gave him the chip number and the woman kind of started screaming, screaming when she got the news. She goes, Oh my God. I said, a Boston Terrier, all my God, it belongs to Kerry Mitchell. Oh my God. She used to work here. Oh, this is an even lady who owned the dog. Wow. Word called Mitchell and confirmed the dog was Mickey. She talked to Mitchell where mother called and they were just beside themselves. What a great show. What a million times for new rod season to hear that. What the hell that has to do with the show? The family said he looks different doesn't remember his name. His teacher signs a wear and tear. Poor little Mickey. Only Mickey knows how he wound up in Montana. That's fine by Mitchell. And he had a talking. We're happy to have him home. She told KSA to be taking Kansas City after Mickey caught a flight home. After Mickey caught a flight home. Isn't that quaint? I love it. I just hope whoever was taking care of my hope they were glad that he's home. She said, oh maybe he was just running for the house. I over the years I've heard all kinds of stories about it was a dog. In somewhere was constant. I think he showed up in green veas. It's at the owner's house. Scratch and underdoor with bloody paws. He walked like a fat. He lost him on a camping trip somewhere. I was like in the vatter Arizona somewhere. And he walked to the house in green veas. And I know it sounds ridiculous. He didn't even have a map. He's got a nose. He's got a nose. He had a nose for what he was looking for. He was just like you. You got a nose for it. Not that you're looking for that, but nevertheless. Look at that. British troops three and I with their families at the Royal Marines base. Look at that. They're all got those, those camouflage outfits on. There was a Louise. All those abrits man and all those constipated brits. And I still said I won't got all the two bad. Hey, welcome home. Terrible. Disgusting and fagging. You've got to stop at that fag stuff on a radio. You're going to lose touch with your audience. And touch this. That's my response to you. 19 before 11. No ball game today. We got a whole four hour show. People are really peered about those marlin games. This is once it start like a 12 30 with a pre game show. And somebody made a good club. Why do they need a half hour pre game show? So they can put a lot of spots in there to try to make back all the money that this station loses. They lose their ass on the marlins every season. They lose their ass on it. You. God. Sorry, I told you don't bother me while I'm in here. Arthur. Hello? It's Mickey Mouse. Oh, Mr. Mouse. Good morning. How are you? What the hell are you doing to me? Nothing, sir. You're freaking killing me. No, not. I don't even call me every three minutes. What did it remove the practice? Sir, you told me to move the bride. I didn't tell you what you must have missed on it. Sir, you said move the practice to Monday. Hey, hey, listen, but wipe on the ball. I make the decisions you take the heat. Right. You all move the practice. Okay. How are we going with it anyway? Hold on. What are we going with? We must. Yeah, both shot for hell up. I'm on the ball, we must hide this. Yeah, yes, sir. What was your question? I'm telling you, I'm going crazy over here. Between David Kelly and now Michael Jackson call me every three minutes. I'm going to go out of my freaking mind. Hold on. We must get him off. Stop it, we must. I'm going above. I'm going above. I'm going above. I'm going above. Wait a minute. It looks like this in my hand, Remus. That's your penis, both. My other hand, Remus. That's a phone ball. Right. I can't hear anything. We must stop flying the floor. Sorry. I deserve the moves are working out very well. The practice is for the next time. What? And move it. It's going to be so we even beat him to WB. Barely. Oh my god. Michael Jackson was a raining success. Hold on a second. Remus. That's the book. What's our hellie doing with a harmonica? We're going to lose the blame. Don't blame Remus. I'll jam that thing down your throat. It's moving away from me. Oh, come on, Remus. I'm allergic. I'm allergic. I'm allergic. Sir, over 25 million people saw. I thought I'd buy, sir. Listen. Yeah. You see me? What I'm going here? Sir, you're on the phone. I know. I'm on the phone. Do you see what I'm doing? Use your imagination for quiet all of. I know we might hands up and down. I'm blind to sign. I'm the puppet master. I said, you do it. Now Fox is going to air all the stuff that you cut out of the Michael Jackson interview. But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him work. I'm not that bad. Pop it, master. Me. Idiot. Oh. Who the hell you are? Yes, you have a son. How are you doing now? Listen to flow, though. It's nothing wrong with a boy. I'm not going to do it. That's your penis. My own ear, remit. That's the phone. That's the phone. We must get out. Get out. I say. Yes, sir. Kill me. Kill me. I'm sorry, sir. Kill me. Kill me. Kill me, softly. Okay 11 before 11, I've got a natural ear. That's an honor of that poor little Boston Terrier Mickey. Next to you. Yes. Well, we love dogs in this show. Okay. When you work for the beesleas, you're going to the dogs all the time. Oh, what the hell was that? Do you see that guy just jump off that building right out of the set? Looks like it's so pretty. Oh, but I want to play that. Huh? Anyway, getting back to this. We got 707 votes on the full today. Now, what do you think Chris is confident to get that thousand? Seven ten. We'll get it. Yes, and we will. By the way, I think Brandon's got the hot spree Josh. But there are a lot of guys out there that want you bad. Well, I mean, he saw obsessed with. He said, he said, if you wonder why he's ripping you and listen to it, just think about all the things you said this way. And today's only Thursday. We got another bit of go. Of course, you got George on it with you tomorrow. No, that's right. You're not going to be on with George. No, I won't. This is my last day. George and Chris. Wait, wait a minute. This is your last day. For the show. Yeah, he's leaving Kyoem. No, no, seriously. What do you mean for the show? Who's working from? Oh, that's right, George is on all day tomorrow. Damn it. Well, he's gone, the Mustang, the Mustang and the Mustang. No, I see you're going to take that the wrong way, but what I mean by that is it. So much more fun arguing with you. I mean George, you can't even argue with George. I mean George is like, it's like arguing with a border. You know, it's just these Asimoval intractable. It's hopeless. I would plan that. Here's the poll today. 714 votes. I would gladly work extra hours to avoid blank. And they hate it. You people at university digest, i think you try to sabotage the show, if you ask me. if you ask me. And it's not just I hate this pool. There's one, two, three, four, five. I hate hate hate hate hate hate hate this pool. 273 38.2 percent. That is almost 40 percent. Hate it. They're really pissed off and fired up about it. I'll tell you right now. I gladly work extra hours to board going to the Dennis 91, entertaining out of town companies 76, spending time with my in-law 71, going to a Marlins game 61, going to visit out of town family 58, going home to the wife and kids 43, going to a Panthers game 34, and going to my kids little league game only 7. I mean what's off respecting guy I don't want to go to his kids little league game and then bitch out the empire and all the other players in and act like a lunatic. Especially a hockey games. 720 votes and we need 280. Oh, we got we got a made year right. I don't know what I was so I was just, you know, not all that optimistic when we started. W2Q a M. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. This is not got a real quick job. Can you story in 1989. I was working for CBS sports. He was at the super ball and he was waiting for his. Let me see the comp so long. So, I was just saying here about a half an hour and the see if he wants to make the year go Johnny wants something to eat. It's a cut between planes trains on a field's number. Fuck. So, bring him two hot dogs are just loaded. Definitely real quick, a palli. You bring me five four hot dogs. Not he in the water guy imploded for meeting. See, we can't even see that anymore. He want to call somebody. Who's the old day has buddy? I had a dump of me. That's back before a Joyce man. You can't call anybody that no more. You can call him a douche just not the last half of the word. Isn't that pathetic how far we've come down. And that's not because of the FCC. That's because Joyce just makes it up as she goes along. There's nothing wrong with that word. And this is what we're up against. Pop had Jenco log at normal. Okay. I'm being flangulated from all sides. You know. I got the local self-appointed sensor who's been for 20 years trying to destroy my life and my career. I got Joyce who's doing everything in her power to make sure that we fail. And she's doing a hell of a job on it. I got Johnny Joe Bell who walks around totally in different because the building is good. And the numbers on the station are like invisible. And other than that, everything is just great. And then I got people plasking around with our mice based stuff. But other than that, we're a kick-and-ass. I want that guy just say. 720 on the pool man. Look at two thousand. Just relax. Take a pill. I'm an animal cold and their kids take a pill. And if that pill were take a bunch of war pills, they call a bunch of prescription drugs. Just shovel them down. Swallow them like you're a bunch of eminants. I'm going to tell you right now. This is a little secret. Okay? That probably nobody else in the world will tell you on a radio or even like in a phone booth they won't tell you. Anybody who doesn't like more town is a communist. Okay? Do you know that until I just reveal that? No, that's what I learned today. Not even longer clocking. No, I should have. Now then he just died. Gerald LeBurt, I think he did. I do believe he did. That's bad. Oh, and the speaker of John Candy, there's a clip that they play here. They show all these different Canadian performers on these clips on some of the channels. And one is with John Candy and they show him where he's being interviewed and he's saying, it was always other people that were more concerned about my weight than I was. Yeah, by the way, he is dead. Who Gerald LeBurt? Yeah, he did not have that long ago. I remember we were commiserating about that. That's bad. He's great. That's him by the way. That's the old man. And you know what? He was also big and fat. Now he's dead. Like they said in fast, so the good people are the fat people and the fat people are the dead people. Oh, geez. Only the good die fat. Remember that? Only the good die fat? 733 votes on the pool. And that's our second bad pool this week. That's amazing. Well, you know what? Before you go on vacation, I mean, did not tell you before the shoulder that my mind is already across the pond. My mind isn't my mind is none this stuff. I mean, obviously I'm getting paid to do a show and I'll do a fine. I would say so far we're doing a spectacular show. Now look at this stuff that Charlie Beast says, who should have seen Bob Barker is host of the prices right? I mean, Charlie, you know, seriously, your intentions are great. You're a good guy. I'm sure. But oh, brother, we know we would you put that pool on there? Who should have seen Bob Barker? And then he's got another one here. Neil remind me why we're up here on the ledge of my balcony about to jump. Is it a beer? Oh, man, Charlie. I do like this one. Oh, the first thing I noticed about a person I'm attracted to is their blank. I like that one. He's got a whole bunch of good choices. Well, I just saw that guy falling off. Oh, he fell on a little thing. What do you mean a little thing? They got a big blow up. I got a big bomb. It was death. Like a war man. Yeah, he jumped down and he fell in the war man. Oh, geez, they pulled it all the way just last second surprise. Like, 730 in a pool. We got a thousand made in the shade. No problem. And we got no Marlins game today. Good reason to be in a good mood. This is the Neil Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions? This is your some station. Look if you can. Some stations. We'll give you cash. But another station because this station is going to give you a chance to redeem the sins of all mankind. That's right. We're going to crucify Neil you didn't cry. Be a big hero. Start your own religion. Even have a little magnetic dash towards that you made in your image. Just be the tent color. When you hear this center. And we'll set a bunch of angry moments that drag you up. Tell you up and nail you down. You've got a hammer and nail. We'll put you up for the night. This station accepts no responsibility for we know not what we do. Redeem the sins of all mankind. It's true. People listening for your chance to win. It's 1102 and the good news is that we had a little bit of snow overnight. It's all melted now. It's just about all gone. That's a good news. The bad news is it is freezing but the nevertheless. Here's some my exciting news for a clemency board. Most of the automatically we store felons rights. Just in only moments ago. Most felons released from prison. They're voting in other civil rights nearly automatically restored under rule approved the estimate today. By Republican Governor Charlie. Chris and the state tendency board. All of the most violent felons would avoid the need to get on a long list for hearing before the board would sometimes take years. The board voted three to one with a 30 general bill McCollum and other Republican strongly objecting. Chris has made it clear since before she was governor that he was in favor of making easier for felons who've done their time to vote. He pushed the measure forcefully and rejected McCollum's assertion that it was welcoming the worst of the worst back in the society too easily. After somebody has served their time, Chris said they should get their vice-fac as a matter of justice. I guess he doesn't understand as he therefore justice we must go see long, coal-owned. Right? And anybody know that? Even a child knows that. Well, what do you expect from the governor who's gay? Does he with his boyfriend? Still Chris time is a compromise, carving out murderers and other violent felons who was still happy to go before the board for hearing? Or at least be subject to review. Froading with Chris for the plan where Republican agriculture commissioner Charlie Bronson or Charlie Bronson. I love that show. And state chief financial officer Alex Sink, a Democrat. As in, think earth when, that's what your governor says. Think earth when. You know your gay governor. Okay, now what's so many to think about Charlie's pull about. Now I know I'm sure we've done this before. I mean, let's face it. That's why I've so hard coming up with new pulls because we've done about 80 billion of them. We've done them all. In fact, oh, you know something? What wasn't yesterday? Eric is right. If you click on view card on my, uh, sense, it refreshes much faster. Thanks, Eric. I think you probably, he took that down. He figured I could remember from one from one day to the next. Thanks a lot, Eric. Even a sold man, I can't remember that. 749 on there. Even on a crappy poll like this, we got a thousand made. I believe. What do you think about this one for tomorrow? I'm for a, for tomorrow. The first thing I noticed about a person I'm attracted to is their blank. I like that. No, I, I would go for a face immediately. I mean, you know, face. Yeah, first thing I would say this time. Even with chicks that would be the face, not the boobs, not the ass. Oh, I scroll right down to the ass after that, but yeah, scroll down to the ass. I was that, I was that charming. He scrolls right down to the ass. I give you the, the all up down. The first thing I noticed about a for a melody was probably should add on here. One thing he doesn't have on their basket. I'm sorry. A tisket of task. Can I take a look at your basket? That's what fags do. That's what they look. Okay. I mean, there's nothing else, and there's nothing else on here that would be in that category. I'm just telling you being the fact that I am, that's a place that gay man look at other guys. Did, did, did, did you? I mean, natural, isn't it? Sure, because they're going to see anything unless the other guys highly aroused, but at any rate. The first thing I noticed about a person I'm attracted to is there. Here's the list. He's got abs, arms, breasts, boobies, or bulge. Wait a minute. Now that the bulge guy gets bulged, can't. So I can, I thought basket is much more subtle. You know, a tisket of task, can I take a look at your basket? Now, look at these two ranks. I'll ride to them. Bulge, but close, eyes face or face. Even to me, some of this, like, maybe not got the greatest body and we're, I'm not talking about somebody like spazzing spaz, they're in highly would all be specfy since there's a lot of good stuff. He just weighs like 9,000 pounds. Well, I'm in other words, he could have the best face and work. In addition to which people who are really obese almost never have a really great face because they're all their features that are distorted because of the fat. They affect cheeks and 14 chains, you know, every now and then you'll see a young person, male or female, and you can see that they have the makings of a really beautiful person if they would lose weight. You know what I mean by that? Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. But nevertheless, and who might have been going around saying, Hey, lose some weight and they would say, Hey, you fat old queen, get out of here and get away from bastard robbers while you're at it. I did not have any ice cream yesterday. I was too busy losing it would buy. Oh, man, off of a face feet. You look at their feet. Oh, that's terrible. First thing here, hands, hips, jewelry. Oh, yeah, if you're on South Beach, you got to check out if they were in 40 pounds of jewelry. Legs, shoes. Oh, they've been in a lot of my shoes because I'm not wearing no socks. That was not. It's a good thing you didn't put socks on here because I don't wear any. I refuse to wear socks. Everyone's my worth. Oh, wait, that's right. You said, like, cut off the blow or something. Yeah, I get like marks on my ankles and it's bad for the circulation and that when you die of bed, you don't want to be cut off the circulation of your feet, man, or pretty similar to the chop your feet off. Uh, shoes, shoulders, smile, teeth, or I hate this pool. I like that. I think we got tomorrow's pool looked right there. See that? How easy that was? Very easy. And today's pool, we got 753 votes already. WDQAM line one. Hello. Hi, those shows, George did about eating ass were excellent. Good. WDQAM, hello. Yes. The reason they look at the feet and because of the feet, you've got the big of feet. Yeah, yeah, yeah, we already been through that last hour and it's old news. Ancient news, okay. We talked about that in the 10 to 11 hours. Somebody 11.07. Oh, and go back, go back and eat some more that toe to the hole or something. Get out of our face. Go back to Britain. Give me the schmits when I hear from those brits. 750 to be votes in the pool. That's not too shabby. And you notice once again, there was one flick of the yellow button there. I eliminated both of the previous ones. How do you like that? Perfect. Although, you know, once Chris was explaining to me this new delay system, it would have been nice if somebody in engineering or somebody would have been advised me about that since I don't want it sitting here and really, you know, although Chris is the one responsible because he's on the board. Oh, yeah, definitely. Is that what they told you? No. So if I play something and you let it go and you don't catch it, I mean, there's many attendants that I'll dump something. You're not even aware of it. Like what tell that I play, I think something yesterday. And he did the A whole word in there. You're a right toward the end, right toward the ass end of the bit. That's the old boy. And then you are, and now did you, I, I believe that out. Me, you're the whole means and not worry about leaping anything because you were him always catch everything. That's what, that's what Josh told you, huh? No, George told me that. But George ain't there this week until tomorrow. Yeah, so it's all in your shoulders now. It's all on Josh and shoulders now. Or he's sure taken the heat today. Seven, I would have been 65 hosts. I'm not going to read that result until much later in the show. I'll just give you the numbers. So without our first actual semi actual column line one in like two years, that wasn't, that wasn't the real call. That was, well, it was, well, we actually, it was, you know, exactly who it was. Yeah, but well, someone calling on my one, how's that? No, here's another one. W 2 A and hello. Bill. Yes, sir. There's a real call. Yes. The J, the J guy I was on that in our first time like at the purse. What is it? First time like at the purse. The purse? Yeah, what is you got in that purse? Yeah, okay. Okay. Well, there was a real call when he was born. He tried. There was very weak, very, very lame. You look at the purse. And if it's the queen, though, you look at the purse, as he still carrying around it, sit at the handbag that she's always cared for the last 400 years, the queen. And then if it's a guy who's a queen and you look at his purse, I have a wood vine purse. It's so early in the moment. W 2 A and hello. Good morning, sir. How are you? Okay, sir. Good. Listen to us. The pull your turn about for doing for tomorrow. Was that what body part you look at or was it? So it says, can I read the question that Charlie gave his advanced to us? It says the first thing I noticed about a person I'm attracted to is their like. Oh, I was kind of thinking instead of using, um, what was term you came up with, um, basket. Instead of basket or, uh, no, I was thinking of the compromise selection. How about packaged? Yeah, I'll do it in their second. All depending on what story they bought it in yeah. Also did you mention the hand? Uh, yes, it's on there. It's right below here. And of course, if there's too much hair above the hands and it's forget about it. It's probably the guy who caveman. A little bit, either that around Jeremy, one of the other. So I can say that now, that that that that shows over that section with the beats convention center. Always a little reluctant to start ripping him to bed when he's in the copy. You know, go see Jenna Jameson and Ryan Jeremy will be there. I'm sure all you guys want to go meet Ron and see how a guy that's hairy and fat in the ugly. I've ever got all that asked, you know, just amazing. You can ask him about it. And I'm sure he'll tell you what a great stud he is and how he did this one. He did that one. I think he did our goal steam two a few times. Probably for money. 700. Of course, you know who is having to pay whom? Well, there's Rob Speerla at Thizra, Marciano on there. I'll see you in another shooting him from very far away. They put him back in the weather rod in front of the weather map. 760, votes on the award winning pool, which means by the end of this, I'll be like around 850s. Not even close, not even just not to worry Chris. Chris is getting a little bit to have been out of shape. Now, did they actually bring you guys food today or did he just just duck and crab? Another part in some chicken fingers. Chicken fingers. We're going to call him. What is it all? What is it all? What is it all? What is it all? What is it all? What is eating a group of fingers? Oh man, group of fingers. What is that? Well, you don't like fish. I mean, but it's breaded. What's that? What's the stuff that they used to bring us from the airport restaurant? They were telling sure it's probably out of business or something. Maybe it's not from the airport. Was it a period of port? Most of bring us in. Those breaded, like jalapeno, those jalapeno poppers. Yeah, they're good. Man are those things. Good with a cheese inside? Man, you know me, I reserve my most enthusiastic for very special things. Some people like Mark Foley, she's like the most bizarre reasons. Of course, I do that too. Poor Ann and Nicole, she had one doctor where I remember, she was thinking Elvis when you're thinking that. See, this is music. I agree. I want to point out to you. It's not a racial thing. See, the hip-hop thing because there's white rappers as you know, like Eminem who, you know, is that same? One. No, I mean, there's like two. There's a whole bunch of white rappers. Really? They do have them. No. Vanilla ice. Vanilla ice was like in the 89. How many white rappers are there now? I don't know. Maybe two. Well, that's my point. So it's not a racial thing. The fact that most of the rappers are dark-complexed. Because the dark-complexed folks had a one who made the best music ever. The best music ever. So it's got to know who the race. Black people have got rhythm. Maybe they can make the best music. The problem is that now they're not doing it because they're into this whole gangster rap. Like that bit that we played before and certainly won't be playing again anytime you'll soon. Really? I thought it was pretty funny. I was going to make a work. Hey, it was an off-play there. Be hour if you want. I'm easy. Sounds good. And I think I just knocked that thing down on the audition line. Now that was also not good. See, once in a while, I get so excited and carried away. You've been a lot of it. I feel like there's not sports all ready. You owe you. Yeah. Have you ever turned on the radio and said, that song makes me feel. Well now. Hail Package Records presents. Sounds that make you want to throw up. I'm so doubted. I'm gonna up to go. I got it. And he's just feeling you. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. Make you want to throw up. You get the steam. I can't sleep by for a run. And who could forget that classic? You? You're okay. Thupin'. I'm kicking to the Puket. So I'm going to make you one out. Grow up. Okay 1118, I'm making a big deal out of this. Mitt Romney's third behind McHane and Julianne and Davis to see you in the Republican pool for president. And of course, what is that said? That they have a very weak field. That's what that tells me. If Mitt Romney could be number three, that's the best that they got. And then of course there's always newty Gingrich, you know, and the Fred Thompson, and this one and that one and the Tommy Thompson, you know, another personal message for Josh from his post-person of friend Brandon. I'm positive you guys are going to hit it off. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. When he's by, so we can, you know, you can bring the Russian girlfriend just in case. I'm also. He says, I think I liked it better when Josh just sat there didn't say much. Oh. Yes, yeah, I liked it better those. That was it two days we went, yeah, two days. It was Monday and Tuesday. Wasn't it? We went through that crap where I was losing my mind. Here we go. I liked that. I liked it better when you both showed up those days because I couldn't hear what you were saying anyway. I mean, Tuesday was cutting out for like, sometimes three, four seconds at a time. Where you think you've actually lost the line. Now did anybody ever say anything to you guys about, well, we discovered it was in the line where there was a pigeon took a dump in the, in the phrasalator. Did anybody ever tell you what I was? Did you really have to ask that? And the answer of course is no. Because that would require some follow-through on the part of engineering. Or what required admission on their part. Well, I guess it wasn't up there with Neil stuff. And you know, the engineer, the Tratoengineer, who's a great guy. We didn't know his stuff, Greg. When he was here yesterday, he said to me, he said, he said, he said, he's pretty obvious. There's nobody in there messing around. The stuff looks just like that they've been installed. We put it in there five plus years ago. Because there's nobody here to mess with it. See? As opposed to QAM and that's to it. That's another reason I don't want to do any shows there. It's not that I'm anti-social. I'm an embrace you guys and give Josh another big kiss and stick my tongue on your throat. It's not because of that. It's because every time I've come back there and done shows there, it's a disaster. The overhead, the volume is all screwed up. And everything is messed up. And then of course, that thing would be on off switch on the mic that George finally after about four years had been fixed, you know? But now we've got line one working again. There's the dial tone improvement here there. All right. See, that only took about two and a half years. These are the same people who pretend to be big market broadcasters, and they can't afford. They can't even go into petty cash and buy a toner cartridge to get that all in one, in a fact's machine go. And it's a good machine to money. I got two of them right here at the same model. Same deal. Too bad you can't enjoy how well a thing works, you know? One doctor wrote all 11 prescriptions ran in the cool. Like I said before, the break, think Elvis. One doctor authorized all of them prescriptions medications found and the cool Smiths hotel room. Most of them in the name of the Starlots Companion, according to documents released by the medical examiners office, yesterday day. More than 600 pills were missing from prescriptions than more than five weeks old at the time of Smith's death. Although it was unclear if she took all of them, according to information obtained by the A&P through a Pupic Records request. Dr. Joshua Perford, that's the guy with a goofy head. You know, he's got that ball. He's got the ball. Speaking of, yeah, when I see him, I look at his ball. He's got a perper head. I look at his ball. Julie, probably it's on top of his head. Broward County's medical examiner said all the drugs were meant for Smith, though they were prescribed in the names of others. A probe. And in fact, you, I'll tell you this. Any guy, and I could be wrong about this, but like if you walked into a shopping mall, and you see a guy who's wearing jeans that are so tight, you can actually, you can discern a ball. That guy is straight guys don't do that. Am I right? Yes you are. That guy is definitely gay. He's trying to show his goods to the world. He's like, it's like, you know, when you go fishing, you use bait, you know, you put on the end of the hook. That's what he's using. He holds swish and bait. Anyway, Dr. Perper said all the drugs were meant for Smith, though they were prescribed in the names of others. A probe by the Seminal Police Department agreed with Perper's assessment. That's missed this. With Max and Oliver, over to us, there was no foul play. But all the other prescription medications were authorized by one doctor. Information released by Perper's office shows even the prescription version of the name of Howard K. Stern, the playboy model's lawyer turned companion. Two were named for two were for Alex Kats. Though it was unclear if that was an aliator, the name of someone connected to Smith, and one prescription was another name of Smith's friend and psychiatrist, Dr. Christine Erosovich. Or I like that name. Erosovich traveled with Smith to Florida where she died, and the medical examiner's office since she authorized all the medications found to be Seminal Hard Rock Hotel, Casino and Hollywood where the reality TV star was found in the hospital. And the answer was, I'm not going to be responsible for the eighth and Pernows did later that day at the hospital. I'm responsible for like a zombie. They were shot there, Evercrombian zombie. I do like that catalog though. Evercrombian fits. That's because I'm gay. That's right. Oh yeah. Oh in other words, you wouldn't like that catalog. You didn't want some hot chicks and they ever crowd me in fish catalogs. Are you telling me? I don't know. In other words, you wouldn't even look at it. I don't look at the catalog at all. I don't even have the people in there who got the least amount of clothes on if you're smart. Calls to a roast of it, we're not returning, but it'd be pretty good. Pernows said to other actors also prescribes Smith drugs, though those were not found in her hotel room. Because information on those drugs was turned over to a roast of it, not to the course of the authorities on investigation. Pernows said, Parnows Smith medical file is not a public record. Well, 11 drugs, powerful sleeping in the list of these custody. It's got a list of this stuff. Powerful sleeping aid, coral hydrate, the medication named with tipping the balance in the toxic mix of drugs and causing her death was for a shrub January 2. And about two thirds of the bottle was gone. The record showed that Smith had three prescriptions for muscle relations in her hotel room, two for chorizo, chorizo proto and one for methyl carbonyl. That sounds like someone comes out of your car. And there's not many commits sausages with when you go in the, huh? Carbon monoxide, methyl carol carbon monoxide. Under the brand named Robaxon, some 450 to the carolizo proto pearls were missing from their containers as well as 33 little bro vaccine pills. I can't imagine why she croaked. The records also show 62 tablets of the anti-variety drug valium were missing from a prescription less than two weeks old at time of her death. She was poppin pills like rush baby, poppin. 79 tablets of the anti seizure medication, Tobamax and colonopin and at least 2,000 directs and robotics and evibyls and potassium supplements. That's a colotopin. What do I call it? Polota KLO and OPIN. What do you call it? Colotopin. Colotopin. There's no DNA. Colotopin. Are you starting to like, uh, do the correct thing routine now like George? I'm just helping you out, man. Colotopin, why do you take that? I've taken. It's an anti seizure medication. No, it's, uh, I didn't take it for help out with a seizure. Would you say before to get banged up? Professor said despite the huge quantity of drugs, it wasn't clear how much was ingested by Smithers. So, Professor Zontavsky found she was also taking the strong painkiller methadone, the anti-anxiety pill at a van and the muscle building weight reducing agent human growth hormone, but none of the drugs were found her hotel room. She was, you know, she had a spare time. So she was popping a few here, a few over there, and the 400 over here. People will keep popping pills, man. Seven, number 92 votes on the pool. What I'd say about the bottom of the hour will have 800. We got a thousand elected a, and spite of Chris's negative theory attitude to the beginning of the show. I didn't think we'd had any chance. Well, I said, huh? Well, I knew. Well, I mean, generally, you can gauge it. We even do this long enough. We've got a lot of people who are going to be in the next few months. And I was like, oh, man, I was getting like Eric. Whoa, you know, I think, you know, how Eric, it's all hysterical. Well, you know, ad uneric, ever confangulating more on any kind of internet issues or not, really. Those are the days, man. When everybody was like raising their hand, not, who's it falling at who screwed this up on on our website? And one day would be Eric, one day it would be Josh. And now you know, you know, you're not even involved in our fine website. What do you mean it? I do the stories every day. Like I said, you're not involved. And I only say you like how many yesterday. Like five. By the way, that was awesome. That was awesome. That was awesome. There's a term I computer on last night. And I was like, ooh, thank God for what line Wednesday. And you want to know why? I'm going to tell you why. I'll say, I'll get what you in on my mentality. Please do. No, seriously. I came back from what we were going to do. I was going to tell you what I was going to do. I was going to tell you what I was going to do. Please do. No, seriously. I came back from woodwind. And the first thing I did was change the pool. Right. Because I saw we would be behind the wall net. What time is this? By the way. Huh? About the long run last night. I would say around seven o'clock. Okay. That's so bad. And then I started sending additional stories a couple of minutes. And I was going to go like smoking, chimping a couple of other sites I used a lot. And then I saw that I had messages on it. Like I told you, my, almost midnight last night. Because you know, now I'm like an overgrown child. I spent a lot of time on my space and your place and in your face and instant messaging. Like like an overgrown teenager. Like in the world's oldest teenager. Listen, I think that's a great idea. You should put all your energy into content. Commanding on these people. You know, go over your friends on the Neil Rogers show profile. If you haven't talked to them in a little while to start writing them. You know what I'm saying? So I, and then this morning, I say at least that you five stories on there. I think what we're thinking to see. What kind of that Josh must have screwed up again? Sometimes I feel that life is better than me than. Sometimes I feel that people don't want to smile. Boy, in my turn on my radio, it makes me smile like a child. Neil Rogers on my radio. Neil Rogers on my radio. Oh yeah. I thought that told me I needed such a room. I said, dog, let you find a life room. Gotta tell you, be sure to look new york, Jack. And unlike cataville, I'm gonna be black. But first I have to bypass my arteries. Baby, down the clock and fill in for me. Because we just feel this gonna clog up hot. I'm on shift up, there's no getting at my shot. You're fair. But gonna have to spread my ribcage of hot. Oh god, we just feel this gonna clog up hot. That worry folks, I'm not gonna run away and die like a barricade's got talent. I've got a great ways to the room. Can we rip up problems to give me a sponge bath? Oh, just kidding. Here's another one. He's gonna die on the ear. I'm positive for that. 20 minutes and how much more does he need? You know what his limited talents have made millions and millions and millions and millions. How much more does he need for Christ's sake? These guys with their big egos, you know? Yep. I don't get that. Oh, and here's another cost-examination for you. I think we're gonna have like a side jury today. We can have two shows for the press of none. Brandon says, I wonder if Josh has a bucket next to him to catch all the crap coming out of his mouth. Oh, man. I think you guys are having your first spat. And since you are responding, since you're silent, we got a fact that's intended for Brandon. Brandon's doing his own show today. He's not even in the payroll. It says, dear dumbass email or meaning him. And this is from a musician. Yes. Red of the Groundhog. Yes. We like Red. He's success is amazing. Very good, yeah. He says, there is good and bad with every music. I listen to rap, but I hate the songs on the radio. Just like most pop-rock songs aren't as good as the album cuts around the ground groups. Josh has a point. You listen to music no matter what category Andy judges. But no Brandon, you are close minded idiots. He's bread of the groundhog. Last thing everybody. And we'll have a big brawl, maybe. Let's have a big fist fight about it. I want my music nurse ratchet. That's what I want. And 18 year old, pretty good. He's trying to hire a hitman all boy. I mean, I know you're going to a panic when you knock up your girlfriend or some trick. And then have to be a girlfriend. Anybody on the Quint and somebody on the street. But this is carrying it a little bit too far I would think. And 18 year old, pretty good. He's trying to hire a hitman to kill his actual friend's dearly full-term feed. And we'll send it to more than six years in prison. Charles the young received 76 and a half months in prison to the Infraining guilty to first-to-reestialist, Facebook, and Man's Loader, state law. This is in Vermont. It allows for such a count when a viable feed is the intended target. Price, acute, is alleged young and 17 offered an undercover agent. Officer, posing as a hitman, 3250 bucks last October, to injure his Australian 17 year old girlfriend. So badly that her fetus would die. I see. Young was arrested after a classmate learned of his plan and went to Police who once had young and the undercover officer meet. Prosecutor John Trober said, young told the officer in a recorded conversation. He didn't care whether his former girlfriend survived the attack. Aha. But a big. That's how you do it. You want to give her that fetus? That's the way you do it. A big, you bloody brains all over your nice, cyber league suit. That's right. Young of some Christ, Washington, Northwest of Spokana, can't apologize to the girl and her family of sentencing. I apologize. Young who learned of the pregnancy after breaking up with the girl, initially expressed interest in raising their child, but later told his ex girlfriend, he wanted nothing to do with the baby. His attorney, Bevan Massey, said his client is an intelligence young man who got bad advice. I guess he got bad advice about several things. One of them being birth control was seemed to me. That didn't get too much good advice. And he did it to girlfriend, by the way. They have all these amazing things. They have the pills and they have shots and they have condoms and they have diaphragms. They have all of these, all of these, why do you say that? Why do you say that? So I don't want to have a whole lot of sympathy for people that, well, you know, you know what they say. And the moment of passion, people get carried away and they don't, they don't think with their head. Not the one undershoulders anyway. You've heard that a million times haven't. I'm sure that Josh's girlfriend is on the pill. Damn right. In fact, one of my other close associates that fooled me, he's not my patients, I don't want to kiss his ass on the ear, but a few days ago he said the birth control pills are greatest invention ever of all time. Oh, it's up there. And he told me that when he was 19 and a 16 year old girlfriend was late a couple of weeks, he was having an nervous breakdown. I like, ah, and then of course luckily for them. And for him turned off just to be a premature evaluation. I would gladly work extra hours to avoid 812 votes. I guess I'll have to read these. Oh, we apologize for another bad poll today. Hey listen, vacations coming tomorrow at 1 o'clock. George will be with us tomorrow. I just mentioned that in passing for all his fans out there. And for those people who would love to pick it on you. See, I don't know if it is so much that they love you. They love picking on you is what it is. I love me. Oh, yeah. So love hate thing. I know. I would gladly work extra hours to avoid. And then I hate hate hate hate this full 38 and a half percent. 38 rounds with hate. 313. Going to the dentist 107 and I'm sure to increase now realizes that we got the 1000-lit easy. Easy. See, another one just came in 813. In fact, about click that verse as view current. 813, same thing. I would gladly work extra time to avoid spending time with my in laws 84. Entertainment out of time company 81 going to visit out of town family 67. Going to a Marlon's game 67. Going home to the wife and kids 49. Going to a Panthers game 37 and going to my kids' little league game still the same 7-Saure process. Those are those 7-O vote for that. Their kids I feel really bad for you know. You can pick your nose. You can pick your lot but you sure cannot pick your parents. You can pick your own. You can pick your own. You can pick your own. You can pick your own. You can pick your own. You can pick your own. You can pick your own. You can pick your own. You can pick your own. You can pick your own. You can pick your own. You can pick your own. You can pick your own. You can pick your own. You can pick your own. You can get him out of 5. Get him out of 5. Keep on in the вас. Get him out of 5. Get him out of five. I think we ought to play that on the show every day is kind of a very verbal protest to the whole Joyce business and Jolly Joe Bell this whole obsession that the bees have with farts There's farts sounds on kid shows on commercials and everything all over the world Not trumpets that let's get serious Speaking of my great taste of music, let's see the music that you like is the music that you grew up with You know like the first 20 30 years ago, that's a music thing. No, that's what you care about most I like to eat the nice ass I wrong You know what you ran through That was okay What was it okay? It was okay Jesus Christ all mighty I should have said that the most bad private That's a good private when you get never across nothing to myself Yeah, this is good Maybe the most underrated group in the history rock and roll music the grassroots Oh Excellent stuff man and it's no It's not big daddy Oh P-ditty or It's nothing about the artist back in the day. No, they didn't keep changing their name or we're five minutes My kid didly Anyway, you know we can argue about it from natural the cows come home you like what you like and I like what I like yeah I like music and the music too, right 831 votes on the pool. Let's see. Oh, yeah easy. What do I say? 50 by the top of the star man. I'm telling you I got this thing that was science now. I got it licked And this is a pretty good poll too that the word of this come from university. Don't you again What are somebody over there is definitely not doing any work any day? But I do like this one I'll save it for a wait a minute like I said I'll save it for my pile. I'm not going to judge any of these don't don't give judge any of these Like I said don't give judge any of these goddess or your ass is grass Not you this was pretty good. It says something I claim to hate but secretly enjoy is vanilla ice cream The jury's springer show the neo-rodger show kneels poles home of sexuality Republicans Democrats religion country music rap music masturbation are really hate this pool Like that I like it all anybody how about anybody claim the heat masturbation? What is I was just gonna say that yeah that sounds interesting to me well 835 votes. It's one thing for people to claim that you know they don't do it, but it's nothing the claim that they hate it. Oh That's disgusting. Oh Amber Alice ran tell once said that How disgusting I Think she was looking at the picture of a Sean Cassidy when she was saying it to W2AM hello Yeah, sir question why you don't like sports anymore Yeah, I'm kind of question about why you're looking alive. I don't you get alive for that bad phony voice rabbit jails Why don't you get a life go away die? Maybe you could look for the what's his name what's the guy's name that had the girlfriend of the wife or whoever called I can't I keep forgetting his name because because nobody ever heard of me for See you you guys both forgot it too. Yep. Good After posting his resume an online job site career builder dot com Corey Andrew was contacted by an army recruiter about a job The email exchange between Andrew and the recruiter is Sergeant Marsher remote Oh, we had the story today, but this has got a lot more on it quickly turned hostile and Andrew feel that he was almost sexual You are definitely unqualified road remote now take you get take you gay self back This is the illiterate craft that she wrote now take you gay self back to someplace else We did not tolerate gay people like you in any part of the military Her response was a falling Andrew told CNN the email exchange were more heated with most suggesting that then we should go back to Africa and do your gay Voodoo Limbo Tangle and Wango dance Wow That's always good. That's got to be poor here the email exchanges between Sergeant remote and Corey Andrew Send between February 27 and March one Sergeant remote. My name is Marsher road on the US Army recruiter I start your resume on career builders and we have lots of vacant positions in logistics and administration Interested please give me a call my toll free number and we're right back awesome sounds great The US military has so many vacant positions in opportunities. I had no idea I'm seriously considering contacting you one thing. I'm not up on current politics, but since it's 2,000 and 7 I'd imagine also that I'm not able to serve in the US military as an openly gay man, right Remote well if you gay, we don't take you you are considered unqualified if you gay or if you are gay I see Andrew Wow Unqualified to serve my country just because I'm gay It's because they think I'm on all the Sundays. I want my ass kiss for my fellow male soldier if ever facing death of hands of the enemy No, five so wasn't it? Funny the West government doesn't mind taking my gay dollars every tax season or out of my paycheck every two weeks I'm stunned that the US Army could afford to be so cheesy when I see sergeants on my school campus in local shopping mall Bigging teenagers to enlist Remote you are definitely unqualified now take you gay self someplace else because we do not tolerate gay people like you in any part of the military Take you gay self and if it bothers you paying taxes in my great to another country and if it bothers you About the US military recruiting then you go tell the board of education and if you don't like to be cool Does recruiting in front of you a you a high school then complain to the president of the United States or Betty I've tried complaining to Mayor Bloomberg and see what he has to say You should thank you military people for what you do so that you live a free life in this country freedom is not free And who says before you go on waiting here flag all over the place. Let me first inform you that is an African American Ascestry is most likely more deeply rooted in American history than years will ever be I respect the millions of soldiers fighting to protect my rights every day But just so you know these rights include me being gay I applaud service men and women every day for their rural countries protection however for you and the government to Deem homosexuals unqualified to risk their own lives and defend their own freedom as well as the country's freedom is more ironic remote rights back. Oh, I forgot to let you know that yes, you might try to kiss a soldier in the foxhole, so that is a no-no Andrew you're living proof that don't ask don't tell the fallacy You initially reject me without any consideration whatsoever Remind take what your abilities this behaviors at the very core of discrimination is plagued you are safer decades You should know that I never had the intention to join the military I simply wanted to have this discussion to prove a point With over 2,500 cases of anti-gay harassment acts against gay soldiers including bashings and murders for you to say the US military only takes Straits is delusional Remote rights back you head off to the gay land of people who have no morals and give it to yourself Personally, I think being gay is disgusting and immoral as an African have no place to say your roots are deeply rooted here My roots are much stronger than yours you are brought here being Your will power whereas my roots run from native American Indian I have more rights here than you and my roots have been here ever since before the Americas were discovered You take your gay ass off some place and go to some other country and bad mathematical theory take your ass back where you belong not here Andrew Thirdly with your limited vocabulary and poor spelling the army may have been the only option you had in life Granted there are highly intellectual people in the military you're just not one of them native American history You're so proud of and research their physician on homosexuality They're very tolerant accepting of homosexuals believing that the inner spirit is too to itself and it's nature They're less tolerant of fools than they are of homosexuals so take that to your next rain dance Remote rights back you go back to African do your gay voodoo lingo tango and wango dance and Jump around and prance and run all over the place have naked there and practice your gay morals over there That's where you belong I'm reporting you a spam and adding you to my block center list one have to hear from you again. She be saying I'll ride American military hard at work baby to protect all of us and to keep us safe from the evildoers Because you're hard work I Like I said in the last hour anybody doesn't like the grassroots comedy stuff So good at right now I Anyhow like I said one of the most iterated groups in jocce Yeah, it's not bad. It's okay All right, oh, we're still afraid train I mean, so that gangster rap that you know all these punks are window that gangster rap that you might call music and everybody else would say why anybody over the age of like 10 would say What should we talk about you know gangster rap my ass? 843 votes on a pool Or did I say a 50 by noon? Am I a sharp as a mossa ball or water especially a pace off time? And don't forget everybody tomorrow's good Friday got east of Sunday coming on Sunday get the bunny rabbits Uh, in fact that's why we do when I'd be doing it like rabbits over the weekend Now of course being an angst of them over the weekend you don't think it would be doing any any kind of activities like that do you? I sure hope so See when you get over there and you see it for yourself and And I will grant you I'm a little burned out on it because there are times when you go there and there are a lot of tourists Which will not be now. It's gonna be packed now But when you go there like it that yeah, it's my own stupidity going there like a Christmas time or in February when the weather is really Nasty and bitter and dank and cold and dripping and oh In fact, there's a lot of dripping going on over there and some of it isn't from the sky either But that's what happens if you're not careful man But you would walk around there you'd be you'd be like a kid in the can be store. I can just see you you leave the Russian girlfriend at home And you'd go along around and that red light district. Oh, you would have and you go window shopping and I was on the hunt See there's two different red light districts there's one where they have like these Kind of like an chamama kind of like looking fat broads in there in the doorway I wouldn't be at that one no you would that's by the old church and then there's another one there over by where Al Goldstein's a promeness to be and Wow Kidna can't Easter you'd be window shopping. I'll take that one and that one Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q 8 Zero- justice like they know Very heterosexual You Give me hands Yeah, I'm on a 20 years that's done then What do I wear when you fuck? I'm so famous queer I don't know if you'd see me No way That's what they say Like in my closet money has to do it It's big about it, it's a good one Like go, I'm so good at this I don't know why you love my Harley Cut off I'm so mad You like that beard Oh, I don't feel that it's that Oh, don't rush me I'm a friend Travel to a five sixty gay WDQAM A hundred fifty six votes right now I say eight fifty new man old man I'm sure it's black I got all I got the right one I got my Morgan David right over here My Morgan Dovid Just in time for pace off, baby I still it's just you know all the really disturbed drives me up the wall Is everybody knows but but the idea that because somebody tells you To weed a certain kind here This is the day you could filter fish okay Don't need any bread today, eat your filter fish Yeah And be sure why that's slime off and before you eat it Do you ever have that white fish you fill the fish? No, of course not go in don't eat your filter fish Now that they're smart Any more than you would eat mossy you'd have to be an idiot eat mossy Anyway, you're close friend Brandon writes back he says And then this time he's siding with you amazing when he's all over the place You guys you guys are so silly You really have some classy listeners meeting the facts you're the guy from what was the group again The groundhogs the groundhogs He says one of the few and probably only one of the only times I'll ever side with Josh well Mark this down Rack music was back back when back and then it was okay, but for these 10 years it's been the same crap Songs about money drugs and holes and the beats in pretty much the lyrics are exactly this in and every song you hear Want to call me close minded what about that punk? We'll kick the girl with a curb after having sex with her on the first date in essence you basically use her and move on real nice He says him he you and the order tone is over a couple more buckets I'll pick those in the puking and I'm sure he sounds after the early 80s they stopped making music Okay, I want to sound like some day that we'll fucking die if that happens to you through it after the 1980s they stopped making music And they just started not pumping them same bunch of crap You don't like this That's a little gay What a little gay it's gay gay We're gonna take it right now. That's still the one is is the legend here I can use the nizinium camera. Yeah, I'm tired. So, you know, you're what a little tired of it Or I'd ask if you were tired of it. I'm asking whether it was a great song or not and you're too little gay. It's a little gay Yeah, I got some mental little gay. How bad you do Maybe I do 859 votes on the pool. Oh, yeah, let's get the crow back on here That's what we started going south on this stage when we lost the crow in a course Oh, yeah, I'm moving the crow I think I think that would be a hell of a morning show with moan the crow and no more both That's bad. That was bad to say that and let's see who's out of Maraud says it says Kenny and Bo morning show But I heard guilty again this morning. Is Kenny still on jury duty or something or what's to do with that? I don't know You don't know. What about Chris? Is Chris now? Um, I'm not sure I think was that some What is he at the stadium again? He's a oh, and now it's our conference or something? At least that's what they said this morning Well listen, I'll see you guys after my vacation. I'm going to go out to a fat people's conference At the Rogers state even the living in him after me used to be described. Oh, master Rogers is a center What does that mean he was at an downstairs conference? So he wasn't doing the show. That's what they were saying this morning Woo, man And I wasn't going to ask because I really didn't care Because we didn't care. Well, I'm sure there's a lot of other people feel the same way How brown on capital hill blue when we don't know where we had the great Doug Thompson when yesterday he don't want to do two and a row He keeps moving around like or saw me, you know he took a void detection And I don't blame him How brown says bush is talking points are making me sick He says I love being the calmness but it means I have to listen to bush and his life dummies repetitious verbal diarrhea again and again And again to come up with new ideas for things to write about You might think a therapist could handle hearing a logical statements without getting an atizzy The worst coming out of the mouth of bush and those privilege characters who crawl row allows before a camera Spinn a convection with as much substance as cotton candy grab me to distraction Unfortunately, what comes out of the bush machines need their sweetener pretty like cotton candy though If it consumed too much you're going to get sick of the stomach Unless I keep up with the news online and watch lots of interview shows I won't have anything to write about so I end up being under receiving it at the same I'm too asleep on real talking points again and again and the last again I'm too asleep I love that There can be classic examples of big lie off told us most believe dictum like if we don't fight them there They'll follow us home or small nasty character revealing lies like bush Dan Bartlin Dana Perrano also justing that the only reason the former flattened and played a bushie former bush Shani campaign chief Matthew downturned against bush was because he was having an emotional reaction with some going to war That is most of you know told us during the New York Times on Sunday X a says he's lost faith in bush Both Bartlin and Perrano implied that thou this in shantman with bush might be due to personal reasons and emotions noting his personal journey Here's part of a press conference for the acting press secretary Dana Perrano question personal journey Which was used yesterday as well as on TV it seems to be implying it's really all about him And has nothing to do with any legitimate disagreement with the White House Miss Perrano Now I think he has legitimate disagreement, but I also know that he has some personal hardship Question is that related is that relevant miss Perrano I don't know I don't know Matt you went question. Why did you bring it up? Miss Perrano while I think that he brought it up in the article. I think that's relevant And I think that it's true when you have a parent is going to see his or her son or daughter heading off to war And war that is where we are fighting a very determined enemy which Congress is not fully backing the troops It would be a concern and I'm just not going to judge him and let him allow him to have his views and wish him well So perhaps anyone who defects from the bush can't must have emotional problems Mommy should watch out Dana's pretty little mouth with soap Bush echoed this in his press conference on Tuesday when he said this is an emotional issue for Matthew as it is for a lot of other people in our country Because I understand that it's obviously intensified because it's son is deployable Three people same damn agreed just talking quiet don't tell me that this shabby no downright mean spirit and explanation Doesn't have Carl Roves just pick up a fingerprints all over it. This is the talking point and know that all the bullies at the White House Hope that because doubt is an unknown to the place public affection will have an impact on those who still support the president There was some refreshing news for someone being driven blockers not an nauseated by the same old talking points and Bush's news conference Thanks to a brave reporter West Bush, how exactly did he see terrorists following us home? We had a chance to hear a new version of Bush's most chop-born talking point I think Rove must have finally told Bush that is depicting Alcada terrorists literally following deport the party troops to the US had become the punch line of jokes and all the late night comedy shows So he finally gave a less fancy Valencia about not providing safe havens in Iraq for terrorists to train for missions I could argue about how likely will be for Alcada to gain anything more than a public relations victory if we left Iraq defeated Finding that there were far better places to train and plan the next attacks against the West But my point is that at least Bush didn't bird out his knee-jeer talking point at least didn't say cut and run He even connected himself once in a press conference first saying Democrat party and immediately saying Democratic party Yeah, I love when they say Democrat party While many of the Bush talking points seem to have had their intended propaganda effects none more creative flip flop or stay the course support the troops progress surge in of course We have the new word emotional that's like main man emotional See most people don't realize that I'm an old emotional queen Didn't know that did you oh? I did How did you know that? Well, I think you probably knew it from the Jacobus so right? Well, I think that's when I got started being emotional Like like last night for example, I was emailing with my buddy Ziscoiner who's a good guy And I'm not saying I said he were crying and sobbing like a woman or something like that But I ever owe him some fairly emotional stuff, you know about what a good guy here's in about how he's you know brings people out of door rooms And he's just a good guy Now, there's nothing wrong with saying that is there no See that that to me I mean I realize that guys like you you're on there because you're trolling for it to get laid You know if you're going on those places That's what you're looking for and there are a lot of guys you know looking for other guys doing the same thing That's not my bag. I'm not in this whole cyber sex cyber trolling. It's a waste of time Yes, it is. I prefer the whole the real hands on experience Just like you with your Russian girlfriend, okay? You don't want to you don't want to look at her through a Monitor somewhere you want hands on Am I correct in assuming that? Yeah, hands on baby. That's what's that But there are some nice people on there that you can you know you get involved wouldn't of course sometimes they're not who they claim to be which is Decressing and distressing. She have to be a little bit cautious But nevertheless So it's something you know an emotional queen. I don't make any apologies for it. There's nothing wrong with that Eight hundred and sixty nine votes on the full will be way over 900 by one a clock will have a thousand easy and Chris will learn our a guest A guest A relief and say a gas. I said a gasp a relief I can imagine Chris let out a gas. I think I can just see Josh running down the hall now But they're wine and the sword again. I'm getting boys strong. He put the wine in the sword again And get a do some new people to wine in the sword again And call the Jesus you he put the wine in the sword again It's never been there and he put the wine in the sword again And made him drink it up. Well, it's a sword again. It's wine. Boy, that's good She can't tell you Golden man, the night has been veying. She my mother called her side She said, son you're going up now. Pretty too new take a ride And then she said, you've become a young man You're still from pain. And you know the same time Because you asked them to go to a hand now. She can't breathe on the phone But they said again after the early 80s they stopped making music That's just my opinion because that's you know those were the years That's the old man that's an old man opinion. I never make any apology for it That's my opinion. That's my taste and Brandon says by the way He does he stopped sighting with you as soon as you said still a one of a what you call it Gay, they son, gay. Yeah, he said he reenited Well, I just want to end my life Really? Well listen, I think Chris is about to fully loaded pistol in the other room Pass that pipe pass that thing. Okay. Well, guess who died? Eddie Robinson. I know that. Yes, I did Sidori problem is again, Eddie Robinson means different things to different people There was a fat Eddie Robinson baseball player who played first base for the Yankees back in the 50s Eddie Robinson Great slaughter. I bet he's been dead for a long time. I'm not sure. Maybe you want to Google that. All right Because the x-rambling football coach will unfold when it games in a 55 year career he died all To his last day it says he was always battling something There was the institutional racism that surrounded him. They piddly football budget that he is coaching staff Some sister on a predominantly like Grandlings state and ultimately the Alzheimer's disease that took us like he was 88 Oh, that's old enough. Even fighting that battle for a long time said from a grand the quarterback Ansible MVP dog Williams was one of the many battles he fought in his lifetime Robinson died Tuesday night not long after being Something around the hospitalized I guess because the story chops off right there my bad. He's dead Does it really make any difference if the story chopped off not really because even if I read another paragraph or two each still be dead Damn 800 70 6 votes on the pool by the bottom of the RLB at 900 we're gonna go way over a thousand Chris Now did you Google any Robinson the baseball player? Yes, I did he was on the Yankees in the fitties. He did Haven't found out yet. I don't know. I'm on baseball reference that cam Why did you go to like Wikipedia? Well, let me do that then come down I'm as common I'm as calm as could be anyone know why because it's almost 12 30 already tomorrow I'm getting out of here. I want to clock. I'm going on a nice long vacation for about nine or 10 days I couldn't be any calmer if I was like sitting at wood by and passed on the floor ship. He said I'm good enough up there man Huh ship me some of the good stuff ship He did say ship me because at the first time you said that it's not a system. I'm not to I I'm sure that you said ship. Yeah, I did some good stuff. What word did you say? Yeah, exactly even Larry can hear it even even snapping us as vendors Looks like he still have he still how do you like that they hit him with five shots And he's still alive I got to find that drop now. Who was that under Salatso? Still alive Let's bad luck for me And bad luck for you if you don't make that cheese man you tell them so let's so I'm by the way There's another one for you. I like the meal. It's the best in the city It wasn't that bad of a player. He was okay. By the way, who's only with the Yankees two years? Yeah, I know that But being a Yankee fan is a kid back in the day. That's when I remember Eddie Robinson There was Joe Collins and Johnny Mies and Eddie Robinson In fact, Johnny Mies was not a big fat first basement Johnny Mies I think is a whole of Flamer like that dumb frog Denise Pac-Fan There's a you got a lot of any bell for it. I was really great. Oh, yeah, right Really great getting a stupid penalty for going out there and act like some kind of a jackass and Denise Let me tell you one of the reasons that there aren't any panther fans is because they put a more on like you a dumb frog on television Allegedly broadcasting we cover on a game Telling people you know, I can't blame him for throwing all the crap on you guys for for you I think that Johnny Joe Bill and Denise poppin will make a fine pair those two. Have we seen together same guy Just he does the frog routine Remember Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde Yes, I think he drinks the venten from a buffotode I love that venten guy. He's he's a he's a panic You can hear the venten coming from his voice Yeah, there's a lot of dummies out there Brandon you're right about that, but that's what I do for living and I talk to Some real rocket scientists in fact listen to the call someday if we ever take anymore 181 votes on the pool. I would gladly work extra hours to avoid I hate this pool 333 down under 38 percent 37.4 percent but I would say this is the worst we've ever had in history the show. Do you think I'm wrong? I remember a pool where we had almost 40 percent hate the pool Not off the top of my head. Of course. He does say he'd five times I hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate this pool Triented and 30 The dentist hundred twenty three spending time with my in laws 94 Entertainment out of time company 83 go to visit out of town families 77 I gladly work extra hours to avoid going to a Marlon's game 70 going home to the wife and kids 54 going to a panther's game 42 We're going to my kids little league game eight. I think the pool is not all that bad. I think the choices suck Does that could be part of the problem That'd be Q a M hello They've been ringing for an hour probably Q a not there either. Oh, I just got out of the phone there. No, I did that. How many Q a M? Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I got a suggestion for a poll Sports oxymoroms like Florida Panthers Fly off to or Miami Offer super. Okay good. That'd be Q a M. Hello Any other Just for quick comments about the rap is one letter missing in front of rap and that's right Yeah, they left out the C baby The second thing is what you think on them? British people coming over to yield Excellent call. I got to get you the the South Park the latest South Park The one about swelry yes because it also had to do with the British and yeah a Magistay Oh really the queen yes, I think I know I'll probably more about queens than you do, but that's beside the point. Oh I would definitely give you that although George of course he he's the expert on that then what I'm thinking about George like I said before that That's why it's impossible to have these kinds of discussions with him because he is adamant in other words There's the truth and then there's George's opinion there's nothing in between That's for more of my assets all we got that 34 degrees here for the height of day boy It's really toasty the good news is that all I say all of that we had like about a half a centimeter or snow overnight Which is like not even enough to fill half a timble and it's it's all gone Oh, thank the Lord for that Cuz on the yeah, I mean what is today today fifth the vapor that's supposed to have no snow Especially they before good Friday because that makes it like a bad Friday 884 votes on the pool like I said by the bottom of the hour we're going over 900 I would say 1100 Would be a nice number to reach today when you when you say yeah, that'd be good And if we make 1100 today everybody's gonna be excited there's gonna be parting there's gonna be dancing in the street Oh What I tell you I can still nail a man. I'm Ricky Tickie's probably he's gonna act in a way smell it. He's tipping this cap to me. You can still nail a man Trust me unless they can run real fast Let me tell you about my exploits in Berlin last summer not Oh, it was a world cup, you know, yeah, and you know what I think is soccer? I hate it so my friends went to the world cup games And I was like you know other fun and games one of those things what kind of fun games each being on Berlin or baby Let me let me just cannot give you one adjective best best kind of fun and games. I think you know what I'm talking about It involves like little red riding hood set a tiska to task it. Let me carry your basket something like that Right, but we don't want to get we don't get choice all-bent other shape because it might have to do with organs and sexual activity It might have something to do with that Tonight on thoughts not to use a special report We wrote all by ourselves a rock cadom who's saying was on the Obama the Democrat school did boy What you don't know about all that's the double-sale or summer Obama They surprise you As a boy he went to mattress in Mr Wilson's all-night mattress door and practice what hobby is a mess of hobby all the way to chemo's I mean What's the mystery man on the grassy nose? If you know closely you realize his real father was jackwet Plus an In theory and typically uninform commentary from one of our garden's variety hard-looking bleach flans hand picked out of our Stable of Republican flans that good out easy and a bills who are elderly and drunk right wing viewers Fox not to use 30 percent of the truth for that 30 percent of you watch it obey it's a 1231 and five 60 WCM no Marlin game the name we're just proud and right along right until two o'clock such a random What a shame eight 98 though, and I bet you if I click that view current thing on air, which is a much faster way to refresh corn Eric corn to fat Eric Still eight 98 See that's not good eight 99 89 nine nine next once gonna get us an 100 what did I say by the bottom of the are nine Man, I'm as close a you can't even you can't beat me with a stick How's the hell doing by the way got a fiddle story here? Remember all that premature evaluation going on in some sort of there not that many months ago not that long ago they were all going Like that well I thought he was gonna bite the bullet myself fight this Converless and cubanly to fiddle Castro blasted President George Bush's biofuel plan As genocide and editorial yesterday saying it would worsen global hunger The column published as reflections of the commander in chief and the ruling communist party newspaper grandma Was the second and week by Castro attacking Bush's proposal to increase the use of food stuff like corn for fuel to run cars Not corn sure is special WS That's when Ed Brady said in deliverance It was the latest time the 80 year old revolutionaries not a print publics and undergoing surgery eight months ago It's feeling better and keeping abreast a world of fares. Maybe that's what he did maybe he grew abreast Unable to give speeches the formerly verbose Castro has taken up the pen to attack his ideological Nensus the US government focusing on the Bush administration's plan to increase fuel production from a newable crops instead of oil Ethan offer option top the agenda pushes meeting with Brazilian president Luis in Assiel Lula the Silva I can't but David last week. I love that name Luis in Assiel Lula the Silva The US and Brazil are the world's top producers of the biofuel in Braville now they don't speak that funny oil and Braville They speak portague portague and not portague is portague If you're gonna speak Italian baby you better get it right portague easy. I don't know what I don't really that. I just made that up And can't David Bush if there is intensive reply this formula in a world scale which means none of them the internationalization of genocide cast or road Does his evnations do not have oil and can't produce corn or other grains to make heaven off because they lack the water He said the surge in demand for corn will push up green prices while the threat of E. West invasion of Iran is keeping oil prices high He wrote huh what a coincidence Where will the poor nations of the third world get the minimum resources to survive Ash the bearded one how do you like that The column shed no new light on the health of cast or who temporarily headed over proud power to his brother Rauh will on July 31 following emergency Bleeding emergency surgery to stop intestinal bleeding Human officials say is becoming well, but it's not no one or if he'll resume the presidency Brazil has been making ethanol I gasoline alternative from sugar cane and running cars on a for three decades But the US became the world's biggest ethanol producer last year after the worst of the country was addicted to oil World corn prices skyrocketed the Bush administration is proposed cutting US gasoline consumption by 20% by 2017 Mostly by increasing use of fuels such as ethanol. I didn't know the Saudis could grow corn there into the desert. Did you know? They'll find a way Because if it doesn't even you know if the Saudis can't make a few billion bucks off it then it just and they work will be more in about 902 on a poll Wow, I think a thousand is good. Let's not go you know getting carried away I don't want to respond that much energy here today between now and two o'clock to try to like it Ethathot just if I do that again ever again just stack in the side of the head Did I say a thousand all day we were shooting for after that really pathetic start that we had because of Josh screwing up and not putting the see ice screwed up giving you only five stories, but that was a good screw up It's it was well trying to do it again. W2 AM hello Yes, sir You mentioned South Park There was new F so last night and this one is right up your alley because it's all about bubble my season Yeah, you would love it. You know it's a take off on kind of the benchy code it implies that the Easter Bunny Peter cotton tail would actually Peter the apostle Right you sir will love it. All right. I know you will I don't they're repeating it tonight 10 I highly recommend it to you. I will I'm gonna go and do as soon as the show ends and they're going there I'm gonna pee VR it there you go have a good day. Thank you sir and top of the Easter season to you Yeah, I didn't get to catch that one here comes Peter cotton tail coming out the bunny trail But I beat the boot put about all the silly crap all the time Easter bunnies and Easter eggs and pacificic candy and moths and all your filtration all this other Chuzzle Rye man nonsense the world is run by non-sensical old people would long beers who walk around with dresses and silly Shmoth is on their head and And then the masses out there whoever said the masses are answers He had a stomach on it. Let me tell you right now He had his thumb on the pulse of the who is the subhuman race the masses are black-go masses Right Yeah, I gotta go to that with a jingle sounds better One that's another one for that thing about something I think they hate particularly enjoy the carpenters We have to put them on there now I'm not you know being the old fact that I am what I care about you know I'm not gonna put on some kind of a book image I mean today that somebody calls me but hey, but that'll be a you know cold in Habies But I do like the carpenters music okay, I mean she left me a little bit hungry. You know Karen She let she she made me look kind of like that water Chris sandwich you know and Him he seemed awfully yeah, even though he is not by the way just I hate to add that Not that there's anything wrong or different or unusual I mean a lot of musicians happen to be yeah He just ain't one of them they're all didn't dick always kind of like compresses being a queen Richard Carventer yes And now let me let me ask you this and of course here comes now here comes the moment of truth There's Josh court is like the carpenters Yeah, I have no problem with them Now that that wasn't the question see you what you like to do is evade and avoid okay? I want a straight answer man. I do mean a straight answer from a head of a sexual 23 year old young mayor like you Do you like the carpenters music don't give me you have no problem with them especially since he's been She's dead on a door nail for a long time now you liked him music Yeah, it's good You noticed where he said that Chris? Why kind of have to agree with it's not bad. It's not it's not a one that I hate and it's not I'm not listening to it in our my own time in my car I'm about it's okay Yeah, it's okay, okay And it was you're not gonna go out of your way to listen to the car You're singing please Mr. Post man, which I do have here somewhere But I don't dislike I couldn't name you any of their songs other than please this rainy days and Mondays always give me down. I'll for all we know Huh? Okay, you couldn't name me into the carpenters songs. We've only just begun okay, we'll need just be you don't know that song We've only just begun you are communist sir. I'm gonna maybe play it There we go. That's for all we know Now, were you finding that I got George's library up there if you got we've only just begun that would really that would be revenue right in the at wounds man This is good though. She sounds like a guy No, oh she she could get so low man how low can you go Karen? Oh about this low off your knee She was good though. She was a little but sounded This this this maybe one of the most Commercialized and a best known yet and he's asking what's one of their songs? You heard this I've heard the song I just don't know the name of the song and you stepped all over You know, it's one thing if she was still alive and she could get back up but the broads been dead for years now You're stepping on that bitch as bad. She won't even notice get up and take her to the buffet for Christ six Gregor up I'll do you in chapter off God she's great You like long come to suicide watch them you ever watch biography channel you hear on the cable I love that channel. That's one of my very very favorite channels And when you see the biography of the carpenters if even if you could be the happiest person in the world by the time it's over You'll be ready to blow your brains out or maybe somebody else is or both you know, I did it just so depressing And a whole the whole deal Come on Karen a little sandwich can be been how about like some finger foods like record our our left and it did you ever see that movie to hit you with See Thomas? Oh, no You never saw the hit your what about you Chris? I don't think so now oh Plastic Plastic and he's got the chick tied behind the two trucks and he's gonna take his foot off the break and she's tied She's got rope around her and hid and rope around her ankles and he's got her between the two trucks And he's ready to like take off and like split her in part and half nice and The finger food thing comes from in the restaurant rocker Howard is a there's a finger in the fries That's where they got the expression finger foods Why can't believe not trust me when I tell you okay believe me if I get along. I'm gonna do what are you gonna do? Buy for me? I'm gonna buy for you that that's how much I want you both to see it. I want you both to promise me right now That you'll watch it if I bite him if I go spend like 50 ever not watch the movie that you bought no And if you like to hit you then I'm gonna tell you communism You're trying to make good baby. No trash. I'm okay. Not trash. I'm just You can't get with me at a mate. You know you can't get away from me Who you want to Let the kid of see where the hell you can I gotta see that right after some park and I watch it I can see About 46 a cute man. I'm gonna say it. It'll make this no mold like this no whatever I was trying to say Now the vehicles rip this all right I don't know nothing next to me about five hundred a million for artists Answer the musical question is bear at strong one Don't pay my Now if you tell me it all like that song. I'm just I'm falling off the cheer and I'm just call I would have to be dead not to like that song. So that's correct And that's the original baby bear at strong is bear at strong not no more because he's probably dead Anyway, that's one of my favorite parts of the The standing and shout out the motones when they tell you how much the Beatles and guys I get this ripped off their stuff That is correct because I'm not a big fan of the Beatles The Beatles and that's all of it. Yes, the Beatles the Beatles the Beatles That's good stuff. I would say they're really stuck with the song, but I'm extremely annoying But I would say that like the white album was great and there was you know Sergeant Pepper and then there was some good stuff I still like George Harrison got my mind said on you because I played that on Zeta Yeah, see when you were in this business when you were a district you like I was for many many many many many years Um I don't even know if you'd call me this jockey and I'm warning Sean Zeta You would you could I I don't know? It was a talk show, but we played some music not a lot of music, but just now and I picked my own music In the beginning PD Bulls you're trying to give me a playlist of the crap We're gonna play and I said hey Jan this word alone and take your CCR and roll in Go roll a big fat one and smoke it and CCR get out of my face you idiot you lunatic through fair So I I start pick my own music If you could see the ratings from that morning show we took that station from the old Bolivian from a Bolivian And past everybody like they were not just standing still like they were laid flat out But nevertheless yeah, I don't like pat myself out of back because that's ancient history, you know And they say well, that's a long long time ago you old fat No Nothing like more time maybe let me say again you people out there this weekend stay off the streets You know Just get yourself in the right mood, you know, just get a little bit mellow and get that rego steel a movie standing in the shadows of a more time I've been promoting that for a long time now Thank you sides by the way, it says is the one that Send it to me I didn't even hurt that movie till he said over and I bet you I watch at least it doesn't times And every now and then if I'm just in the mood for some of the songs I won't watch the whole thing, but I'll shoot up to like the two-bed Harper songs in the Jonas Borneo You know what I'm saying yep, and what's not to like CC says He's one of our of our people One of our mice face people One of our 138 people by the way he says I wanted away and I'm two things Trying to cue this up when one moment, see see where it is What's this not what becomes the broken out? I love that don't ask for one baby anyway says first is a 22 year retired Veteran of the US Army numerous combat missions. I must say I have never thought about who was screwing who while I was getting shot at I say let the gaze anyone else who wants to serve serve when you're in a fox hole in the bullets are flying Who's sleeping with who is not on your mind? In fact who you're sleeping with yourself is not on your mind you worried about not getting your eyes shot off When the enemy comes over to hell, we're all shooting the same way as all I give it Schmidt about is what he says To the young guy and you're sure who thinks that he wouldn't want a day to girl who sleeps in on the first date If she rocks your world, I bet you're gonna want to marry her and keep her around forever and that's what CC said Oh, that's where you're wrong CC If she rocks your world in other words if she's great in the sack baby if she's great in the sack Even the one to bring her back of course, I'll bring her back to the sack. I just won't Yeah, I deserve to live in a bomb I'm gonna marry anybody in I'll throw a long time version of her back She might dump your ass back to the fifth of the boss 930 votes out of coal by the way. I'm pretty impressed Especially we still don't know how six Crafty pulled up is that it was in more crappy clothes because being weak Lazy and all while using woohemone that's modern I know love has a fun song vitamin least of my day Dallas You've got to go home. And took a hit and woody act like a cheap and strong. And get some munchies and make brownies filled with hair. And woody share it with Jesus and the saints. Those pise pines and yet, yeah, party is great, yeah, yeah, party is good, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What it's got, no it can't have us. Smoke it by, it's my corner of us. Give it by on the back of the bar, give it to the women, those who get in stone. On a great, unforestuble way. Took it some bad if you know, bro. But the whole time back to day home. No, so think about my legal and his home. No fun and fave unless you're a stone. And of course you've got to believe in all that crap in the first place. Anyway, Judy writes, I find this most amusing. Now you didn't play when you had a carpenter stuff queued up or did you like, you know, see, I don't know how, I guess you know how to use that stuff pretty good now. Well, what do you need? I got a bunch of carpenter close to you. Now there's another one. I mean, for for Christ to say, he couldn't name me neither. I don't think I have that. You have close to you. They long to go. Oh my God. Like that's talk about the chickens. They long to feed that they can't chickens can't pee. Anyway, Judy says speaking of the carpenter's and all things gay. You may not know who we recorded close to you first. Six years prior to Karen Richard Carbiter, Richard Chamberlain. You're fairie. She says, I know this because I own the record. He was my first crushed back when she didn't know any better than he was gay. I mean, hey, Judy, let me say this. Maybe bad. I said, I might explain her like just a- Alicia admitted, how could anybody not know Richard Chamberlain was gay? I scream her like, yeah. I think that was intentional. We can see this guy's this old guy's a fact, but he's going to know he'll be under this one right away. Can I help you with something? Go away. Okay. Maybe embarrassed me. Bonnie, a long time fan says, here's my two cents. Ruck your hour was it as best in the movie was sliced alone called Nighthawk? Looked as fine as there. I never said he looked good about it. Maybe he did. Going to Berlin this summer as part of European cruise after hearing you I am psyched. Bonnie, I'm going to say if you know what I like Berlin, I'll give you your money back. How's that? Whatever you paid me to go there, I'll pay it back. Let me tell you right now. You're right, 10 of very early when you go to Europe the first time. Yeah. You will go to Amsterdam then you get on a plane. It's about a 50 minute flight from Amsterdam to Berlin. You go to Berlin then you go back to Amsterdam. You get on the train you go to Colone Germany, which is about a 2 1 a.m. train trip. Take a long magazine, newspaper, playboy, whatever. And you're reading it on the train and before you know what? By the big, you're there. And the train station alone in Colone is worth seeing. It's a just incredible. It's like a gigantic shopping mall. It's like I just all kinds of phenomenal food in there. Oh man. When you walk out and there's the the dom, the huge, you know, every city in Europe has got a big old church, you know. They don't go there to worship. They just build it. They a long time ago back when they believe in all that. Hocus pocus till they caught on with. So every city has got some big cathedral, some big church and in Colone it's the dom, the O.M. The dome. And it's a touristy, you can go with there and then you have to spend your 14 seconds in there and it's what am I doing in here. Then you go down the walking mall. Like Lincoln Road Mall, you know, with no traffic. Long street called Hohe's Drossa. And all you'll do is you'll look around at those people there and what they look like and how they're dressed and you'll save yourself. Oh my God. What is this? How did I get into a place like this? This is like paradise, baby. You know how we used to have some jackass on the station. You're supposed to also afford to paradise. You'd have to be a mowron to call soft Florida paradise. You have to be an idiot. Paradeize. Yeah. I got a paradise. In fact, here you go. I hope you don't stand up too fast. I'll go. You might fall out. And that's just my suggestion. You'll enjoy the vise of that great trip you're going on. In fact, you'll take your vise and girlfriend. Not the answer in part. Why don't you take her? No. In fact, if she's real, I see maybe you're let her watch. See, I'm, I'm thinking maybe she could stand outside the window. You know, when you go inside. Because you don't know how that works, don't you? No, I don't. See, the chicks stand like naked in the window. Uh-huh. And if you find somebody like, I mean, they're standing inside a door. And you walk up to the door and she motion's in a come on in and you go in there. And then, you know, you decide what it is that you want and she tells you how much. And then you go in and she closes the, you know, the drape or the curtain or whatever on there. And it's like putting a sign up occupied, you know, busy. Now, like, what are we talking about as far as like prices? Is it like expensive or not really? You're asking me, you got to know. I mean, like a ballpark. See, if you want to get to end that on the air, then we're going to have to go in a specific accent. Then Joyce is going to come here and chop your a good song. Since fever's need to has one Natasha and I know, I have to look for a motion square instead. We listen to a mirror, just fair and balanced. One to two hours. It's a dollar. It's a dollar. It's a dollar. G. It's for the gas, when the things can do. You, in small, ugly, red men too, all more than two. And it's for the end of the, in that one children's to die to the end. And this form that says different every, empty and brief by many girls. That garlic symbol brings his youth. Guns, sons, and men, your tea, and even shrewd. You use your gun, fitted to kill some kids for the end of air. Guns, one may push up slightly. G. It's for the current things you can do. You, in a mirror, you're made in in breath goods. And it's for the end of air. That spell's sideways as you were saying. See, easy to get more of a puzzle that you adore. Guns, you kill and in love. All the shoes, but with me, your hand, you, and so you. You use my gun, they get it, when you clean it, please don't break it. Guns, were made to kill and in. Guns, are made from sliding. Guns, one may push up. And it's for the end of air. Guns, one may push up. And it's for the end of air. It's for the end of air. See, that was real music. I don't want to like start picking on anybody or any people's tastes. That was real music. That was good. I could enjoy and love all really. There's another song that everybody in the brother lift off. I'm pretty sure now let's see. The cheed ribbed out from Marvin Gaye was the day the way around. I hoisted to the grape. I wouldn't know that. Neither would I to be honest with it. If I look at the insert in here, wouldn't surprise me at all. It's not going to tell me. Damn it. Don't you hate what that happens? And I don't care what anybody says. I think that what's his name. Been harpours, things have better than any of them. I don't know. We'll be standing in the shadows of all time. You must begin to residual from that. What was the other thing that I was talking about on the. What is it with all the bucky beaver teeth that these British guys have got. They're showing that these British soldiers that got released. You know. And some of them out here. Some of them don't look all that bad until they like open their mouth when they start smiling, which is filed to you know after. Mass mode, asthma, dine jad, let you turn you loose. But in when they smiley, they get like the Prince Charlie area in Prince William. He's got the worst. The the bucky teeth. You know what I mean by that? Well, the birds do have their dental problems. They have problems. They have their dental problems man. And they're probably was a pretty bad breath problem too. I never get close enough to them. Although one. There's always an exception. One time man in Amsterdam's matter of fact. Two years ago. How do they have like a red light district like a gay one? Yeah. Okay. But not they don't stand in the windows though. But it's like the same thing. It's a similar kind of thing in fact. I think once upon a time many many years ago I went into some established. And they have like a book with pictures photos of a different young man. And you pick out whoever you like. And you hope that they really look like the photo. Yeah. It's like the people in me in my space. They put a photo on from like 20 years ago. But what? They were like 20 years old and look really hot then. And then they come out and like, and they look like me, you know. Jesus, who would have helped with touch that if they paid me, you know. But in any rate. So I know to get back to your question. I don't think it's all that expensive. I think it would be affordable. I mean, if you could afford to get over there in the first place, I think you'd find it being serviced in one of those establishments would be very well worth the price. And so you're probably thinking all black and just emerged in the skanky broads and I was went in and by the red by the old church there, I would agree with that. I mean, even Ray Nagan would say that's a little bit too chocolate even for you. I mean, I mean, it's got nothing to do with skin color. It has to do with the nature of the beast and believe me, many of these look like the beast nature of the hose. But on the so yeah, little chunky whole action. But over on the other up part of the red light district, man, oh man, now I can't tell you like, you know, whenever you show up there. I'm going to give in day. So I'll give a little scouting for it this time. I'll give you a report when I get back. You do that. Take some pictures. I don't know. You can't do that. What are you going to do? Jump out the window. They get wild. That you take pictures and red light district. They get very peeled. I don't know why. I'll take video then. I'll get the season. There's a lot of these two, like illegal aliens in the working, you know, illegally. Sure. And so they don't want their picture taken. Is it going to get deported and then go have to go back to like, you know, Algeria or Morocco or some horrible place. It like that. Yeah. I don't know. I'm just guessing. But they're not to be going to take in pictures. But you'd have a, I'm telling you. I know. See, those are you people I've never been out of the US. You think you know what the world is all about. You haven't got any idea. You haven't even got a clue where life is all about. WCWAM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You just mentioned that Harper. I just thought you should check out his live at double album. Five more more. Okay. That's it. Thanks. Hi, buddy. Thanks, pal. Yeah, love been Harper. Man, he's good. Now, do I have that? I don't have the discriminator. And even I finally, it took me a while, but I finally got George to admit, you know what a hard ass George has made it. If you can get him to change his mind on anything, you have accomplished one of the great miracles in the history of these human race. Am I right? You know that too. Yes, you are. He is just a hard, a hard ass. Well, what'd you change his mind about? What'd you change his mind about? He admitted that that Harper goes this better than Martin Gay. Now that's it, man. Because I said I left him to get through it. He said, I don't think so. And he listened to it about four or five hundred times. He said, you know something? I think he will pay. He may have a point there. All right. That is such a small team movie man. It is so good. WQA and hello. Leo, how are you doing today? Great. Hey, look at that. I want to thank you and such for sending the shout out to the motel. It was on direct behind that mission channel. The other night and I teabote it. Yeah. I probably watched it. It was four or five times now. They guys been Harper. Is he the one that does? I'll be there the first song on that movie. I'll be there. Yeah. No, he didn't. In the movie, he does what hurts at the grapevine and a two-prout a bay. Who's the first who is the guy that does that first song? I'll be there. No, reach out. Now I'll be there. Yeah. That's Gerald I've heard he's dead. Really? Yeah. Well, no, it's, I've... I've wanted to. I've wanted to have a track. There it is. That'd be like to paly. Watch it again 20-30 times for this whole team. Okay. If you need a best. Anyway, getting back to a record-hour in the hit-show, which is a shot we hear. It's on a movie. I guarantee it. And there's a scene where the end of the movie. I'll send you in a minute. WCWN. Hello. Bonjour, no. Bonjour, no, Michael. It's so bad. It's better if you try to know one of the consequences when you buy a little fuck. I think. That's you, Millie. Listen, I just was, I agree and theory with your take on track and music and such. It's so... But, I just wonder that if you just want the clock back about 40 years, weren't these the same complaints? Parents of that generation were having about rock and roll music at that time? Ah, yeah. You've arranged a good point. I mean, isn't this just... Okay. Can I, before Josh interjects since he wasn't even born in. can I interject is by saying this. It was the music plus it was all the shaking and a hips and the it was all the other stuff that went along with it. It wasn't just the music itself so much. It was all the dancing and all the you know, I swing in a hips and stuff like all the sexual overtones to it. It was the work of the devil. Yeah. Right, but isn't the same idea that you know the same thing in terms of the videos and other stuff that we see all the time, it couldn't be equated to that to say, I mean, this stuff happens all the time. Yeah, your every generation of the way. Of course. Sure. Yeah, I mean, it's the same thing. I have no use for guys running around calm people, bitches and hoes either, but I just, you know, it's not my generation to call. I mean, I don't know. Maybe I'm a tri here, but just one man's observation. Well, I think every guy likes his hose. Of course. But every day, pal. It was a did try hard, but apparently came up a little short. Yeah, I was usually like me. Okay, see. We love the Panthers that Mr. playoffs again. Yeah, they suck. What an organization. Well, what do you think of us this year? How we had a lot of points? Yeah, big data to make the playoffs for the eight minutes. You know that since they've been in the macaroon and I do read, they have never ever made a playoffs. Not even once. Curse of the Miami arena. Am I right about that? Or am I wrong? I'm pretty sure that the three times as they got into playoffs, between the last time they got swept by the devil. That was in the old Miami. We were, that was fun. The Miami arena. I'm a little small and it was fun. And it was Wayne and Marty. His nasty wife down there sitting in there. And when they were down there, oh, we love the Panthers. And if you don't build a set of Reenan Broward, we're going to move. And we're going to go to Nashville or somewhere else. And we're going to go to Seattle and all another crap. You know, I don't know. So I just something right now when you can mark it down. Yeah, it's Broward County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility. I will not play here. Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying, here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else. Yeah, and speaking of music. The castaways, Lairlair, your pants are on fire Wayne. That's a lot in the, you're actually 1-13 at 5-6 years at his son. It's playing areas. 1-13 a Q-way and hey, good. And I was invited. Hey, we like, we like, we like, we fight a car going into town. You have a brand new size too. We love the way you fuck your dude. With the big feet on your chest head through to Pam metres. When a building starts to go, we planting in standing out right after you the Okay, one nineteen and five sixty wqm. We got a mad dog at the masters in Augusta. Go! Oh, golf. And I don't want to pee on his parade because I know that's one of his very favorite things. Would it be bad for him for me to say golf is really boring. Would that be bad? I'm not sure if you have so much for the golf, that's for like the atmosphere. And you know the booze and what you're saying. You can drunk. See that's generally speaking for America. That's what all holidays are all about. That's right. How long is your about getting drunk and going to a sporting events? Going to football games for a lot of guys about getting drunk in the big balls. I can't watch any other people getting the big balls. I never forget the one time that a dolphin game. And of course, a lot of drugs with an dolphin games. But he didn't. Why should they be different? Anybody else in their field. And fat rich came water. Linger sitting together. They're watching a game. And he came watering back to a seat. Holding in 400 pounds of food in his arms. And he actually had the kick though where some young tungsten beer. And you know he apologized. He offered to go buy him another one or whatever. And this guy got all that other shape. And he said, he's in the guy. The guy just he refused to take the apology. Well, water to wash where you're water. And so rich as well. Maybe my friend here will talk about you on a radio. And I said, yeah, on Monday if you don't cut the crap. Yeah. And who's your friend? And he looks at me like, oh, that's Neil Rogers. And boy, this guy's attitude changed. So he changed it so fast. He would have thought, man. He's like, oh, that's that legendary guy. The legendary. And let me just say this to you. Okay. I'm not saying it to you, but I'm just saying it to some of my radio friends out there who, you know, communicate with me like on my space, which is the only place they can communicate. It's just, I don't want to say it's like it's not embarrassing, but it's just it's unnecessary. It's just it's silly, you know. When you're a legendary, and I'm just, I'm just a guy. You know, when I'm sitting here, I'm legendary because I've survived this long, you know, horseball market on a station that won't let the finger to do anything for us. They won't even buy a toner cartridge for 30 bucks. But third man. So we can have that then machine working. Or to the life of this facts. Bonnie says, when to Amsterdam about five years ago, when to the red light district and the woman in the window certainly had seen better days. Well, the fence at which part of the red light district you're looking at Bonnie, they were older than my mother than Yamama. My husband was down to go to one of those sex shows at that time being hooked outside by some English movement with a cockney accent. Yes, I know those guys, live sex shows saying, come see the banana show. Well, the banana show turned out to be a woman with a strap on banana who invited some horny college student to peel an eater banana. I was one of three women in the audience who's ready to both at that point when I looked over my husband he was snoring from jet lag. Bonnie says Amsterdam is much more than the red light district. We love the beauty of the city too. Watch those bicycles. We have the people watch out for the trams and the cars and the bicycles. It's not the trams and the cars that are dangerous. It's the maniacs and the bicycles. You know they're going to run you over and kill your ass. We have to be mighty careful of your pedestrian and you don't want to be driving there because the streets are like as wide as your thumbnail. Not good. Good point, Bonnie. But anyhow, I would talk about much more. I talk about the Heinrich and brewery. You can get free samples stuff like that. But Jack's the one who hear about the rest of it. He wants to hear about the red light district. Am I right? Well, yeah. That is a brownies or something. Yeah. Some hash brownies and the coffee shops of course. And it was placed where they sell all those herbs and magic mushrooms. Stuff like that. Herbs. That's what I mean. Bonnie's saying how nice the scenery is. That's not really what I'd be there for. Yeah. Well, in the summer time the canals are you know, a nice beautiful shade of brown dark brown. And you think of yourself. See, I wonder what they put in the canals to make them that shade of brown. And of course, something comes to mind. Back though, probably wrong. But anyway, nine hundred and seventy nine votes on the pool. By the bottom of the yard, we're going to be right on the verge of a thousand. I totally a thousand was a safe tonight to that Chris. That was a safe number. Yeah, no matter no matter where you go, whether it's Amsterdam Berlin, Colon, anywhere to go. Always look for a safe number. But a safe number is a good idea. That's another thing. You don't have to work when you go to Europe. Above being shot is nobody's got guns. I'll never forget as long as I live my first trip to Rome. And I go to my hotel and I walk out of the streets and I see these armed soldiers with oozees on their shoulder. And I thought to myself, oh, you know, it's like a little, you know, you get a little put off by that. And then I realized after a while that the only ones with guns were the military and the police and the carbonary. Those really hot young guys, the carbonary. I still say, man, the Pope, man. I don't care what you say. These Pope's and the Cardinals over there. There are all three boys believe me. I thought I think on TV. I just couldn't believe my eyes. Because there's a lot of beautiful people in Italy needless to say. And then there's a lot of another kind of it with the big shnaz, you know, that big Italian peak. You know what I'm talking about? No. You've never seen the Italian people with the big shnaz? Oh, yeah. Okay. I thought you were talking about a specific person. Like Sophia Coppola. For example. No, I know. There's a big, there's a big, there's a movie day. Sophia Coppola, my ass. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. I knew. Yes, sir. This is new. Sounds like me, yeah. I noticed one of your pet peeves knew that these sports nerds watching the game or the news the other day. And they go, wow, Mickey really got that one. Honor rates to the TV and choke the guy. Mickey. Mickey. Mickey. Mickey. He's Mickey now. He's taking the Mickey mangle. Wow. Let's get jiggy with Mickey. What do you say? Let's get jiggy with it. If I see real Smith once more before I die, I'm going to be so depressed. I'm going to be so depressed. I'm going to be so depressed. I'm going to be so depressed. I'm going to be so depressed. I'm going to be so depressed. I'm going to be so depressed. I'm going to be so depressed. I'm going to be so depressed. I'm going to be so depressed. I'm going to be so depressed. I'm going to be so depressed. I'm going to be so depressed. I'm going to be so depressed. I'm going to be so depressed. Danny Sharp. When you got that song, I know I got it here. I'm going to take the time too lazy to look for it. Drop it in the front of S. Mang تم. I won't kiss your ass move on this song. I'llignon de이 yearne, man. Yes. It's a really respectable time. You know? Something Will Smith is going to a scary race. Ready, go. Oh, there you go! With the body tail. Every time I see those commercials, I say, I have a phone headline news. Nancy Grace interviews the notorious Easter Bunny. One on one. So you type eggs. Color them using God knows what. And have them. Yeah. Get love Easter egg. Oh, really? You think exploiting children is fun? You just hippity hop down the bunny trail. While millions of children are victimized, they're how to use sleep at night. Nancy Grace, at her bunny, badgering best. So right time I checked, bunny don't lay eggs. I can only imagine the sick, herverted things that you do to those poor chickens. You know, there's going to be a rabbits with dangling from Nancy Grace's key chain after this interview. Jim, on headline news. 132 and guess what? Eric, not that Eric. But Eric was one of the chronic and great contributors to our micepace and send all kinds of stuff that we posed on here. He wanted to know what the name of this and who done it. Writes up and remind me the epistophe, keyman thing. Yeah, George has this. How big of a person? I've heard this in here because I know he has it on the computer. What were you thinking I'm playing this from? Oh. It's only better when you're. Ha ha ha ha. A Russian thing. Nice talk, George. I'm talking to you. I'm talking to you. But I was just thinking all the time, but I don't know. R.O.Y.K.S.O.P.P. works up and remind me. My shoes are falling. My name is not to play Bobby V. Go ahead and be hated Bobby V. I'll never forget him for that. Are you sure? Yeah. He hurt me. I'm not to get angry with him. There's something that I've got to say. Yeah. Take a good care of my baby. Oh, I was really good. Yeah. Huh? I said, I agree with him. Is my story inside the truth? They don't come any better than you. I'll say that even though he hates me like poison. Because of that syphilis. I'm not a place of listen. Just act. Just act way too. I'm feeling a can. Oh, we can't play that anymore. He said, Woody, uh-oh. Woody, probably. Ah, Jan and D. Now, which one died? Did one of them die? The one that got into the car wrecked it. Oh, man, it was so sad. Was it Jan Burry? I think so. Got an erect in the Corvette. A lot of people get erect in Corvettes. The Zambothing I never did. Well, actually, I did that one time. Well, you were that's long before you. We were in the other building. Yeah. I was working on a station. I was cashing my chick from Paxon. I was going to pick up my paycheck at the old Paxon building. Domestreet, you know, where kisses, right? In that building. There are a lot now. Yeah. And I spun out there. You know, where you turn off the turn-pictacle where it's at the stadium? Yeah. And we're slippery. It's all. And I was just, I don't know why the hot was going so fast. And I made that turn there and just spun right out. Hit the wall. Oh, banged my head on the rear view mirror. My head was like, oh, I had like that. What's the guy's name? The medical examiner? For purple. Purple, whatever his name is. Doing a football. That's how my forehead looked. But a big juggeric second head coming out of it. 992 on the pool. Any second, we're going to go over a thousand. And people will be screaming and you're shrining. 995. And we got an update, too. On Panthers. They played the first playoff game. April of 2000 in the New Arena. So they played one series in the New Arena. I guess so. Yep. And they got swept four in the row by the Devils by the Devils. That's when the Devils went on to win it. They went on to win it. They swept them in. What do you mean they went on to win? They would Devils went to a copy of me. Exactly. Well, screw them. Screw them. And Lou Lamar LLP is T-O-K. They just got through fire in the coach. They're having a great season. They fired the coach. They pulled his air every single year. They do the same thing. Lou Lamar LL comes in the dressing room. He called a special meeting and says to the players, well, where's the assistant coaches? And they said, well, where's the coach? He ain't here in a mall. Like that. What an organization, man. All of a sudden, we're not going to like, at least they make the playoffs. They win the cup every now and then. Exactly. Unlike the at least for example, who need to beat the eyeliners tonight. Because they got an e-shot. They made up a lot of the playoffs anyway. The honest with him. He's so fun. I got a summit. You might like. I know you're the best. I know you're the best. Well, I got a summit. You might like. I know you'd like her. I'll tell you that. You might not like the song. Well, that's not it. That's bust up by the hollies. Now, here's the song. But I think you'll love Jackie DeShan. You ever see her? Of course, that was back in the 60s. She's probably 85 years old if she's not dead yet. She was some hot number. I'll find Jackie DeShan. It's the only thing that says just. And then of course, if she don't do it for you, there's always the very book. I don't think I ever saw Bobby Jentry. Let's call up time life until we want to see what all these artists look like. 100 years ago. Was it 30? Oh, the video. And there's a flickering. It was Robbie Benson. There's something really strange about that kid. Remember Robbie Benson? You know who that is? I don't know. He was like a teenage actor and he was real cutie. Almost almost so cute that he was sickening. You know, I mean, like, like, syrupy cute. I mean, yeah, like that. And as he got older, he never changed. He always looked the same. When he got to be 40, he still looked like he was 15. I guess he'd call that Robbie Benson disease or something like that. Getting back to the hit you're in rock your hour. I did Clark in the days of this. What? Dick Clark disease. He don't look so good anymore. I'll tell you then. Look at this. It's like 20 years old. Here's an email from somebody peddling drugs again. I get more of these things. And of course, they're all for limp noodles. You know, you know, so half of the spots were running out. I had limp noodles. Spots just like when George and I first came on his station. All they had were like offshore gambling things and limp noodles. Spots. Anyway, speaking of noodles, getting back to the hit you. So there's a scene toward the end of the movie. After they finally arrest, wrecked their power. Okay. They've got him sitting in his chair and see Thomas how he's the antagonist. And they've got to work with him and see these two are the, you know, see Thomas how's the good guy and work or how is the crazed murderer, you know. So these are the two antagonists. And they've got work or how are sitting in the chair. And they see Thomas how is watching them through the window. And boy, did I ever want to see Thomas howl? Oh, brother. But anyway, he kind of vanished too. Did he disappear at see time? You know who that is? I know the name. I remember him being an 80s actor. I couldn't do it. Yeah. He was an envelope of the outsiders. Everybody was in that. Matt Dylan was in it. And, uh, in me do es diva as they were all in that one. He did a lot of bad movies. I remember that. That's correct. But this is a good one. And he walks in and he's standing on the other side of the table for Marker Howard. And they look at each other. And they've been, you know, practically killing each other to the home movie and he goes, and he spits on his face. Oh. And, wrecked our power, reached us up with his hand and wiped his office in his, the most one of the most psycho sexual scenes I have ever seen in my life. I mean, I'm not the only one inside. Not just my sick mind. Yeah. A big goober right there on his chin, you know. He reaches up and anyway, I just mentioned that in passing. And as I said, it 1,000 to both. So you can call me whatever you like. You're fair. Including that. We got 1,000 to both. What do you got? Pop had Janko. Look what we got. Pop little boy. Pop him down the hits with Casey Jason. Hi. Hi, Casey. Gaseem. Welcome back to our countdown of this week's top 20 ringtones. We're up to our number one ringtone of the week. But first, our unlimited coast to ghost, long distance to request and dedication. It's from Jessica S. P. Wright's Dear Casey. Recently, my sister was quite lip-seeking on national TV. And first, she blames her band. And then she blames her asses, reflux, whatever that is. Anyway, Casey, since everyone thinks I'm the stupid one of the family, could you play Green Days American Idiot for my sister, Ashley? Signed Jessica. So from Jessica to Ashley, here's your unlimited coast to ghost, long distance requested dedication. That's American Idiot from Jessica to Ashley. Now on with a countdown. But first, let's recap our top three ringtones. Number three. Coming at it, number three, Rondo Alaterca by Mozart. Number two, that too, that sounds like art and soul, but is it? And now, this week's number one ringtone. Number one. For the third week in a row, walls of the flowers. There you have it. The top 20 ringtones in America, as tribulated by phone bill board magazine, to an again next week, and we'll once again count down America's top 20 ringtones. I'm Casey Casey, and keep your volume turned on and keep reaching for four bars. On 45 at 5.60, WQI, and so bread of the hogs, there's nothing of the groundhogs. Yes, emails me here on my space and says, how about your royal banner, raising 24 million in Holy's 25 million? He's got more pull than they think. He's pulling it. He's going to do it. He's going to put her away. You know, I saw the interview, I forget it was interviewing him a few days ago. He is so frequent articulate and so well spoken. It's really scary. We've never seen him actually. I'm not talking about making a speech, but just engaging dialogue with one of these that are talking to him guys. Just amazing. I saw him on the daily show. Then it says, anyway, I think you liked an outcast song, so you've got some taste for the new stuff. Yeah. It says, like, this thing, graph has got too much base for your sensitive gray ear hair, gray ear ears. And that must be it. That must be it for my gray ear ears. You know, when you get on, I've never had a shave the hair out of my ears before my friends show up here. And we have good idea. I'm telling you, I'm just warning you that right now when you start getting old hair starts growing out of your ears and extra nose hairs and you know, out of places, back to them that you never dreamed of before. So I'm sure that Josh is familiar with my story about, I'm going to want to step on this. About Burton Cummings playing the slots next to me. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I bet you're Christmas, no, that's story. Yeah. I did. You know, Burton Cummings leads singer the guest who, yeah, there he is. He and either his daughter or very young girlfriend, I'm not really sure we're playing it the two machines next to me, one day for quite some time. And he was a real jerk, you know, I mean, yeah. And I've never, I don't know what it is because I'm one of the biggest guests who fans in the world. And yet after that, I never can listen to the music objectively. And I'm sending, oh, it's Burton Cummings that jerk with a great voice and great music. I don't like this whole build-up, but I'd like to get right to where I see. I don't want to go by it. Here we go. Too much for a play there for me. Huh? See, that's all I wanted. Who is like that? I mean, the guest who is, there's another, I'm not saying that there are, everybody who knows who they are when admitted to a sensation. I mean, they don't get it, uh, a dirty, or anything like that. There's no biggie small. Now, if Josh tells me it doesn't like the guests who I'm, I'm leaving. No, I would not say that I like them. You would not say what? I do like them, they're good. Oh, but not very enthusiastic, though. Well, skewer, they're okay. They're like the carpenters. Yeah, when I think of the guests who I always think of the carpenters, I think maybe that was like to be in carnation of caring carpenters in their next to Burton Cummings, with that hot machine, Mom. And I was losing my ass. I mean, losing my ass. And the two of them, their machines are just spit and money. I like, like I was a little man inside an event ticket, pretty good. Like it was a printing press inside each machine. Oh, my, pretty good. Two minutes on it. Put it in, Rib. I don't know where we get into the music thing. What, what, what, we get started on that? I'm sure I started it. Yes, you did. You always say about the rap music, about the fact that it sucks, not that they don't make any good music anymore. Something like that. WQAM, hello. New. Yes, sir. Hello, new. Hello, sir, yes. Yes, I agree with you about music, but once in a while, the new artist comes alone that really blow your mind into the lyrics. I see a cruise. Oh, her name is Amy Winehouse. Are you ready to her? No. Oh, amazing. Google her? She's amazing. Winehouse. OK. OK. Amy Winehouse, Amy, I know who that is. No. I'm better at driving those with the Winehouse. There's booze around. He knows where he is. Oh, I'm sorry. You don't think wine? No, I can't. Do you like Dracula? I never drink wine. Ever. Why not? I just can't stand a taste honestly. It's an acquired taste, I think. Oh, I'm not, I'm not saying that like wine. I literally, I couldn't drink a glass if I wanted to. Even on pace off, even if a pass over a satry wouldn't drink a little man in service or Morgan David, see that real food, I think because it's probably two fruity some of those wines, you know? A little bit too fruity. Kind of like, yeah, if you drink enough, then I think it makes you gay. And a couple of people were interested in knowing how come you had Eric tells me that it's the blue light district where the gay sex and the antin, I never really noticed that. I don't know what he's talking about, but he said, and I think he had it spelled wrong. He spelled it B of UE, when I do like that song, who'd have the blue? Who does that? That's one of my favorite songs of all time. Now there's a, yeah, within most of your lifetimes anyway. Yeah, the dance song? Yeah, well, it's called like, and you have a D, double dires. Right, that's it. I've called blue. It is called blue. Look at four of them. Let me tell you right now, Mr. I know that song when I hit my satellite, this is a hundred years ago and I'm still dumb. I think you better that apartment was livable. I could be sitting at an Amsterdam right now in my apartment as opposed to here. Not the same thing wrong with being here. I'm not knocking today. You don't have blue? I don't know. No. No. Google, let's see who else saying that. I'm embarrassed, I should know that. Of course, when you google blue, you're just going to do anything. You're going to do another color blue, but we don't care about the color blue. We want to know about the song blue, okay? I feel 65. That's it. I feel 65. I told you. And you still don't have a day. Nope. What a polycraft. Now you like that song? If you tell me you don't like that song, I'm playing the... I'm doing the break. I've more for like comedy purposes, I like it. It's not, you know, more of a jocally purposes. Yeah, it's like a joke to me. You mean, you mean like what you just said? It's free to die. You can put love in the objective way. It's a blooded fit. You're stolen from my space. You'll return to my ass. I'm a fake girl by my heart. You're my mine. You're my mine. You're my mine. I should be good looking or about every age. My eye or a gay or maybe just a dream. Look at all my golden friends that I've got so far. You're my mine. You're my mine. You're my mine. You're my, you're my, you're my life. You're stolen from my space. You've got no lies. You're my mine. You're my mine. I'm giving hope to the desperate and lonely Even though I'm making it greater be only You never know with my reason for nothing but life You're in my mind, you're in my mind I feel fine, you hear your horrible day's light You get to touch the face of God, you're all human, you're alive You never know with my reason for nothing but life You're in my mind, you're alive You're in my mind, you're alive You're in my mind, you're alive You're in my mind, you're alive Let up you some more prisoners, make them scream nice and loud Get me some words and a fetched repat I don't care if they ain't from my wretched views Use you to the torture, cause they're just playing their game In the past, it had to be worse with the dumb who say Oh, hey, bye bye