That's for you, Jolly Joe. This is better than sex. In my 60EW QAM presents now, see here, with Mohawidated. And, bro, no, you sportals have their Greg and Pat. I'm gonna talk sports. See? Push to Bo! For the Bibi Ball! Tim Hadoi! Or mental lock women. Eh? Push to Bo! For a beauty of sport-hole factory. Tim Hadoi! Or Allen suits. Can I am, hello? Yeah, my take on that would be a... Allen suits. You know who that is? No, not really. And, an abskray sports fan. I'll be back with Mohawid. If that is why he didn't want your malgrimated golf ball wash it. If there were long day on the golf course, just galean colours so bright it would embarrass a circus clown. You need to re-affirm your manhood with a good slice. Nothing improves your game Mohawid. That nice, lean, shiny balls. Yes, so this baby little marshal, washing your balls, spikots band. Hand it, spool it up the carry around the new checkered pants. And give your balls a lick and metal improve your swing. The amalgamated golf ball washer. Lentchen, my name when you buy one. You're gonna get it for the regular price. Alright, I want OASport, I'll think about this for the next foot-to-bo! First-to-bo! For a game community. Lance Rensel, who was Murray to Joey Harrington. What, Donna Meiji? I went into the telephone. I got one of them. No fangled, no wood, no collar, no websites. Now, so you can reach me to have it there. Double you, double you, double you. The double you did not hit the door. Dr. What, what's that? That's us here at QAman, a home of technical insanity. It's just amazing to me. If you don't need to do what I want you to do. Well, I didn't mean to go through a much-except sit here wait for something like that. We're going through it over here. Yeah. I'm sitting here, I came in here early today for some strange reason. I was just ready to rock and roll and it was like 10 after 8 and I'm listening to the Kenny and Bowie Show and it was right in the middle of the square table. I think maybe it was an active god that cut off the square table. Wouldn't surprise me. Chop it off right in the middle. A public service to all mankind. And all of a sudden like, and there was the end then. I could say it sounded to me like the line god cut. You know, like I knew we had no connection. And I look at my little box down here, which is got five green lights on it. I mean that everything is a go. You know, the tell us box. And I see two green lights and one red light. Well, when you see the red light there, it doesn't just mean stop. Yeah. I mean, you got service, baby. You got real problem. We had a red light on over here too. Right. And so nobody there could hear me and I couldn't hear them. And the year call and me. And but it would be. But it would be back. Because she wasn't working. But what's new. Back then. It wasn't working. I still got no dot to you. And they're talking about this thing. It fixed that problem today. I'm told. Are they really your dot problem? Well, wouldn't that be something? So that does that mean that tomorrow on my 31st anniversary on March 1st. I'm so able to punch up the calls here like a real radio station. Hey, don't go crazy. Nothing. Oh, yeah. And it would be really great. I'm not holding my life. We get fixed sometime today. Really? Hold your breath. I have an important question. Do you have a log? Yeah. So I have a log. Well, you thought I got that. She was, I'm ready to do a show. You know, facts is outworked now. I got the log. The my other night is just fine except for the woman in the phone, of course, which they're coming to fix today. So I'm told. And in the package yesterday with a new disk and all the other stuff, and thanks by the way for raising your ozone. I haven't watched it yet, but thank you. Although, I have to watch it. Maybe thank you. My very first, well, it's not really my first. Because they're, and see, people are confused. Like on the my space page, there are people who are setting me messages. Happy birthday. Hey, happy birthday. Well, no, the reason they're doing a seat. I know my girl sets a thing up as the page for the new Rogers show. So when he put age on, they were, he didn't put my age thank God because he doesn't want people think they're talking to some old fart, which they are. But he put like 30, you know, button. Because that's how long I've been on here, the new Rogers show in South Florida. So people look at that. They think on 30, which is a very nice compliment. But if you look at me and think I'm 30, you need some serious some Activision reading glasses. There's a dirty, you're not there. I mean, dirty, not 30. I am dirty. I'm a pervert. But anyway, so now they're sending me happy birthday because I guess they're reading on there that's going to be my, the show is 31st birthday. And what it really means is it's the 31st anniversary of my doing the show on here and some sort of tomorrow. March 1st, March 1st, 1976 before some of you punks were born. And here's Boko, chicken, acycens, being red ink, no less, happy 31st anniversary. And 20 over here. I don't know what that means. Love how give me some of the old guy. I have no idea who that is. Nine, what? I'm putting it down without you chicken. That's for a baldy. For a little bulk of Brian, a real genius. But nevertheless, and then here's Jonathan Plantation sends me this fact. This, this, this just shocks me up to fall off the chair. I've had many shocks this morning. Not all of them very good, but I've had many shocks. It says, how are it's stirring gave you nice compliment this morning? He was going through Tucker's magazines, hundred most influential personalities and how far off the numbers are. He mentioned that you were listed number 69 and that you were better than most of the people listed before you and the list. Just thought you should know, thank you Jonathan Plantation. That's nice. That nice. Yes, it is. He's stirring wanted me on the serious thing badly in the beginning and of course, between whoever the guy was, it's serious and Norma Kent. They botched that whole thing of badly. So I might be talking to Zidian's of people right now instead of sitting here in a studio a praying that we might get to show on the year because QMS is a technical disaster and Jolly Joe is in total of the night all about it. And of course, you know what that response would be now. Well, we got you on the air. And we got it 50, 40 short time. Right. Right. Right. I'm just saying that because I know that would be the response because they can never admit to be in a bunch of technical bozos in a bunch of funny broadcasts with say, are in all of these things. It's just, uh, somebody else is called today. I used to be number 15 on that list for a couple of years now and down to 69. I think that was more. Well, if you could. Well, it's a little more than you did. Yeah, that's right. If I would kiss a little more, uh, pastie Anne. So I don't do that. I'm not kissing anybody's Anne as well. Very, very select the small number of people. Carb I'm exploded today. New York market in Southwestern Baghdad, killing at least 10 of them to cut his others. And a vacuumer just simply said, the blast struck the capitals by yon neighborhood house by yon or is that by you house by you, a 30 said that that's what was expected to rise. Not good. More bad news from Iraq. People were in a state of panic. It says there were a lot of blood on the ground. We helped carrying the wounded to the end. It says she had Muslim shopkeeper, Imad just seen fully A and P. Also early today, US said coalition forces killed eight suspected terrorists in detained six of his raids targeting al-Qaeda and four and five of his solicitators in the Baghdad area. It's in the Baghdad. So that's the name of that. And it goes, I don't want to hear about this stuff. Because it's nobody cares. I mean, it's not that I don't care. It's the discussing and grow test in Bush and Cheney both should have been impeached long time ago, but Zahnemurica. Oh, Florida Peele's court now considers Smith's mother a burial request for, uh, Anne and Nicole's mama's mama's mother request and the beat goes on. It is of course a different judge. A little bit of here, not too much. And I said, I'm very solid. Look and ringing his hands. Oh, let's, let's stay away from that as much as we can. Please. Speaking of radio stations with technical problems and other researched things, and it doesn't really say what station it is either. A raging vehicle escorts to Hollywood radio station building early this morning authority said. In fact, the headline on a story in the Harold Blaze in parked car damages radio station and as soon as I saw the headline, I thought, oh, maybe that explains why we're also screwed up, but it doesn't, we're just screwed up because that's the QMF in way. But the way did you get that message about the carbon monoxide today? Yeah, I think they're actually trying to gas us to death today. Well, good luck. You'll need it. Thanks. First it was the tar on Monday and then yesterday it was the, um, dead rat and today it's the carbon monoxide and they still can't wipe you guys out. We're, uh, survivors, baby, no matter what you guys tried to do us, we keep bouncing back. Like a, like a rubber ball, like Bobby, we would say, remember Bobby V. Like a rubber ball, bouncy bouncy, whatever that's stupid song was. You got it. I'm just, song for time for it because you might have it. I got it right. Right at all. Huh? I got rubber. Yeah, but to do. It took fire fighters only moments to knock down the flames, but the Blaze did significant damage to have side of the building and fill the inside with smoke. So it was hit in Robert's hands. There you go. Bobby V. Listen. Robert Hayes and the fire department spokesman, the fire started just before seven o'clock this morning at the Coxman Cacens Building 20 741 North 29th Avenue. That's where we used to work. Yes, it is. That's where I, well, we never worked in that building, but. What do you mean? Well, that's right. That was the one across the street for where we were for a while. Correct. That was, we got the tour of it though. We got the guy to tour the earlier. We did very nice in there. What do you mean by that? It's nice like the carpet is new. Oh, yeah. We just don't know. It's fancy. It's a good idea. That's right. The one that they got themselves. He'll be right. I mean, he's with a carpeting his moldy and old. The way in his all kind of schmutz on the walls like you. We have no, was a, a classy place. A forest or a building houses several radio stations in there. They said that's correct. The blaze began in the car park in the first floor parking facility. I sure hope it wasn't all what's his name mark. What's his name, Marky Marko. Was that guy's name? Which one? Mark. We had many. No, no, the last name was Mark. The guy with a parking space. Oh, Jack Mark. Jack, dad. I know that. That's what I'm saying is just a joke. As the fire burned, it looked like it was coming from the structure with self-hazan said it was actually coming from underneath the building. These surrounding streets were closed traffic while firefighters battled the blaze. Later in the morning, fire officials were trying to ventilate the building. All they should be doing that a QA and ventilate the building. Look, you guys, breathe some fresh air. Get some oxygen in there. I did see that spot again last night for the oxygen tanks a lot. There's still a lot of smoke up there. He's in said what we're trying to do is we move it from the building. The origin of the fire main unknown investigation continues. Well, that's just happening to radio these days, man. It's really funny. Funny. So how it's firm said that I belonged higher on the list. I would love to have heard what else he said. I mean, after I really give a crap. Although I know he loves that. He loves me. He loves a show and it's quite a while his earlier denials. Everyone he had his guy, the guy from the serious calling a normal camp. Yeah. He didn't call normal camp. He called me, directed and I gave the message and normal camp. He boxed it up real good. Like he always does. He really blew it down the toilet. So anyway, here's the four results from yesterday. I can't believe we're actually on a year. Because it is remarkable. It was on 9. Like 9. 40 a one. I was sitting here in the red light was still on there and no, you know, not the rest of the green lights. Couldn't hear anything. And, et cetera. So we've gone through the fax machine problem this morning. We got that straightened out. That was also the phone liar. The machine on it. And we got the new machine in there. You had a what? Oh, I'm here. No, I mean, it hooked up. Is it working? It's still waiting for those cartridges. Do you know how long it takes me from office? Depot to get a toner cartridge from my family for exactly the same kind of the TN 250. It takes me one day if I have to know, I can have a hundred of them. You're scattered on my floor tomorrow. Okay. It's not like rocket science. It's not like they have to build it. They have to call up Einstein's gray. Oh, I should be able to get this problem. Yeah. I think it's your dots. Oh, the dots ain't showing. The dots ain't there. I'm a little bit to dotty myself. Yeah. Never art and dotty tied and Sean's on. I'm more. I bet you don't have that. Art and dotty tied. I'm looking at the middle of their smash. I don't have any idea what year that was. Sean, song. I'm a very one-gross French, a horrible, no soupy songs and soupy sales. But I'm glad you don't have it. I don't want to hear it. 12 minutes after 10 at 5, 60 W to QM. It's a Wednesday. We got any K for the Mad Dog at 2. The power hour with Hank Solo for the five on Esmeter's flame. That humper of five to seven. Then you got Hurricanes warm up at seven. I've gone following my Cains basketball, Clemson with Clarence. And then with them at 7.30. And then Cains wrap up after that. Followed by ESPN radio, which we're mighty embarrassed about. Thanks. Oh, good. Whenever I find friends on my face, I think the dough is down. And I shake it up with a churn and a pound of woods of whipped cream in my mouth. And shake it up with a pound of wood. Isn't it amazing how many teams are eagerly? I know my shoes is watching and I'm too zirrting I say. But stolen photographs, I'm don't a thing to see. A lot of my young friends on my face. I'm now the data bags of being as you. Along with my friends with Bowie, me. Ex-O-H-O, L-O-L-O-L. That's what we're doing to do. Stop me by the door. Great. I'm a good friend. I'm a good friend. I'm a chicken neck out. Did it myself again? He did. Ten 18 at five, 60W. You can't have any Wednesday too. Oh, the sack notes not with my Wednesday. Gotta go to the dentist and get my teeth clean. Drilled maybe it's a little bit too much. No, no drill. No drill. Just to get my... I'll tell you this. What getting a cavity filled is to me. Not as annoying as having your feet clean. That's only one tooth. You know, and again, it's pretty much pain free. A lot of water is just putting one. The drilling you can feel it in your head. You can know it's not that you can feel it. You can hear it. Yeah, that too. And here it. And of course, like that. But anyway, it's a bit my teeth clean. Not exciting. I'm getting my teeth. That's one of the real exciting of a friend's in your life. Go ahead and then dentist to get your teeth clean. So no one might want to do. Which means it's going to save a lot of cash. Here's more on that story before we get to yesterday's pool. I want to as well take my time because I can't, you know, dig me for my 31st anniversary on a year in town, which is a very big day for me, not. But can't still can't take a call. And then you give me this business amount. Well, they're going to come in and try to fix that today with the dots. And I mean, like, what is your rocket science? And they like, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh., uh, uh, uh, uh, um, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh uh, uh, uh, uhnder WFLC the coast. WHDR, I don't know what that is. 93. Oh, that used to be a good station and they ruined it. And then how 105, which never was a good station, that still isn't. Officials say the blaze began in a vehicle parked in the first for parking facility. It's caused was unclear, said Lieutenant Robert Heson, what we just talked about him, goofball from the fire department. When the fire alarm sounded, all four station managers flipped to an automated programming system and evacuated their employees. Two of the stations, how one of the folks had dead air for a few minutes, Russian said, Oh, no, not dead air. All four managers flipped. Nobody was injured in evacuation. It took fire fired as only moments to knock down the flames, Haynes said, but the blaze did significant damage to the outside of the building. And fill the inside with smoke, which is really interesting for us. Oh, it's like a, yeah, right now. It's not even where nearer. It's in Hollywood. Well, there you go. It took a day off yesterday just for fun. We'll let us catch our breath and now they're back at it again. Okay, people on the roof. Let's fight up on the roof by the drifters. Okay. Or who else did up on the roof? Oh, you're who? The crayonshames. If you had that, I would practically cry myself. I love that song. I'm Columbia Records. The crayonshames and up on the roof. Only have the drickers. Oh, let me see. What a crayonshames. Oh, what else does it get in the shower? That's, that's, like, uh, I don't know what that is. That's not the original version. I'll, I'll try to find the, uh, the crayonshames. What we, we don't need. It's not a big deal. It's not a music show. Yeah, why not? I don't know. Something to think about. Maybe from my 31st anniversary show tomorrow, we've got to play music all day. Can you imagine all the people that want to just die and to call and say, happy anniversary Neil, I can't even think about a function of call up here. So we better damn well have this thing fixed tomorrow, you know? Or, or, or you'll just have to punch them all up, I guess, like yesterday. They worked out really well. They also have a kind of like, though, not, you know, but we're, but our audiences used to with technical, total incompetence. And we deal with technical issues when they brought to our attention. That's what Joe Bell said. Of course, that's why line one hasn't worked for, uh, now what were you say, Chris, about a year and a half? Oh, probably maybe two years now. Two years now. It hasn't worked, but we deal with technical. We don't, although at least he didn't say we fixed them when, uh, they brought to our attention. We just deal with them. Yeah, they deal with them. They can't get him fixed. They're incompetent. But other than that, here's the appell from yesterday, 14 48 votes. I won't vote for a presidential candidate who was a member of the bush family. He had almost 60% of the total number of votes. 860. Thank the Lord for that. Thank you. Good. Him too. I won't vote for a presidential candidate who's a Republican, 158. I have no prejudices against anyone who runs one 19. Well, 8.2% really broad minded folks. A black 48, a woman 41. On there are polls, new polls. I couldn't find it. I, they talked about an MSNBC last month. The news I'll be polls. And Barack Obama is beating both McHan and Julie Annie by four to six points. And they're both beaten swillery and those polls. How do you like that? Good. Anyway, I hate this poll 37 only 2.5% very slim. I won't vote for a candidate who's a Jew 37. Gay 36 certainly not for a gay Jew. Like you, you, uh, I'll go. Bag it. It literally 33 a moment funny for two late by the way, and the literally a moment 25 has been a 17 obese. Well, we don't want no fat president. We want somebody who's shapely and lovely. An atheist 12, a smoker 8. I don't know, I have no idea what that's all about. What do we care what they're smoking at or not? Or what they're smoking. A past drug user 3 and physically disabled got a pair. Two people wouldn't have voted for FDR who may have been our greatest president every certainly. Zulam elected more than twice and was elected four times by the American people. How do you like that? Not just three times, four times, kind of by the fingers of one hand. If you got him. Kind of in their Susan candy on it. Age. Nevertheless, lower court. Represent it or I'm not. I love you Susan, but that's story. Just it just leaves me limp. I cannot deal with no more and in the cold. I can't deal with it. No more. Okay. Just like mo. Don't do it. Pretty deal with it. No more. I'm shocked. I just can't believe that I'm sitting here doing this show today. Me too. I thought I would attend to about 9.45. It was like nothing. It was like the red light on the box and no communication. And the fact is not working. Just a disaster. Just a master of disaster, George. Of course. So whoever that guy was a couple of weeks ago called an ripped-do and asked every day. And just to just pour you to shred, he was absolutely correct sir. Maybe in fact, maybe we could put him on the air again today to call in and rip my ass if I could take any calls. But nevertheless. 844 hosts already on today's pool. Chris knows we got a thousand look today. We got to made him the shade. Easy little lemonade. Have you ever been, no, this is not the one of Charles B's pools. I like this one. This is a good pool. Although we got already 8.5% hated. Have you ever been propositioned by some of the same gender? Yes, but I refused 387 almost half. How do you like that, George? Okay. Now did you vote yes? Because you were really propositioned. You were like, how would you put that? Propositioned many, many, many times. More times than I can count. Really? Sure. For those guys must have had really bad. I said I've been this long. I got older and got this month's pod going. Yes, but I refused 387. No one I don't care to be. 244. I hate this pool. 72.8 and a half percent hated. Or what was the hate? It's a fine pool if you ask me. Oh, they're going to vote for that anyway. Just because they're hardened bastards. I'm a baby for my 31st anniversary. And the day of my daughter's wedding. I hate this pool 72. Yes, I agree to it. And I liked it. 63. I agree to it. And I liked it. And of course, George would say, you're fair. I know, but I wish somebody would ask me. I only wish somebody would ask me. So, I agree to it. But hated the 20. Oh, fair. I'm gay. I did it with a straight person 15 and George. No. It doesn't matter. I don't want to hear your, I know. You don't. I'm realistic. It is realistic. And everyone agreed with me except for gay guys. And you won't even let me know. Whatever. No, I know plenty of straight people don't agree with me. They don't. When you shut up already, I want to get through the pool. We got a break to do here, Mr. Let's get the business on here for Christ's saves. You see. I'm gay in the straight proposition. Me 10. Huh. I'm gay and was refused by a straight person seven and I'm gay. But I wish I could do it with a straight person four. How about with a terrible stranger? And this is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And where is the Hockey Authority Neil God? Man, now, boyly tables. And an accomplishments mother. You were once your daughter's body buried in Texas. But they know they want to use it for a lot of official diarrhea reef in the Bahamas correct me. Really? I want my bloated banana back in Texas. White Texas. I feel like I'm the wonderful people that came out to Texas. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. You say things and I'll you be talking. What does his cool Brooklyn? Which one do you think it sounds widely and smart? You're from the concrete city. Yeah, Miami Beach. I thought you'd refer to New York. Well, I had to leave. You don't leave in Miami. Well, I had to leave. You're the kind of deck this where we've got oil and hookers. I'm still not convinced why your daughter should be buried in Texas. She sees his awful mouth to rally and stop. She restrails that make miracle with food. They're based on Tampa. Yeah, who? Tampa. You use them like tomato soup. I'm married to Jay. Jesus. I'm so happy. I'm sorry. I got a leak. I'll ride. That's going Larry. Snap those suspenders. Maybe he was at the back of your cube. 23 at 5. 60 WQAM. The phone just leaves me. It was bad that we didn't have any connection at all this morning for about an hour and a half. That was not the uplifting. But the thing with the phone and the dots, I just speechless. I know this is an incompetent and technical disaster place. But, you know, it's just not the way you do a talk show. So. I guess they just want to work me to the ground. Maybe they figure out collapse before the anniversary show tomorrow. Although today, probably is it. I'm going to be getting all my big presence in the mail. I wouldn't be surprised if I get all kinds of FedEx and I'll get all kinds of FedEx and I'll get. Hey, happy anniversary. Neil, here you go. Here's a phone that doesn't work. Yeah, just don't use them or don't just don't use that Hollywood FedEx. Kinko's or to never get there. Oh, that's right. That's not a good idea. How come I don't have any problem. My stinko canco here, man. I just think about there. There. A kiss there the next morning, a matter who I'm saying. We won't know if you send him. No, no, no, no. No, no. No, no. Yeah, right. Don't use the kinko's in Hollywood. That's what you're just saying because they stink. Hey, so he wasn't who was that version of up on the roof. I'm trying to find it. The crying shams on a real records. Oh, God, were they good? They had two hits. It could be Warren Love. I think 1968 or nine is my best guess at the year and up on the roof. They did it up on the roof in 67. See, I was close. Boy, we're very close. And the. Scratch in the sky. I don't remember that. 1967. I don't remember that. Like I said, was that a hit? I don't think so. Never heard of it. And the version they did it up on the roof was like as any in times better than the drifters one, which was the big hit of course. Maybe it was the drifters. I heard the James Taylor. Oh, James Taylor. Now, there's a guy like to forget. Man, he just gives me spilky. I can't deal with James Taylor. Many of the US find a risky game of sex. Says MSNBC more than 56,000 meters. Here are intimate details in online survey. They don't get their attention. Sex. So. See that? Exactly. Something I remember from a distant pen. I remember from a distant past. 870 votes on the pool. Have you speaking to sex? Have you ever been propositioned by someone of the same gender? Yes, but I refused to 1898. No one. I don't care to be 247. I hate this pool. 9% 79. Yes, I agree to it. And I liked it. 67. Huh. No, but I wish someone would ask me. 22. That is so sweet. No, but please anybody. Anything ask me. And like an art vark. Anybody. Maybe a cat rubber up against my ankle or something would be good. Yes, I agree to it, but I hated it. 20. I'm gay and I did it with the straight person. 16. I'm gay and a straight proposition me. 10. I don't know about that. I'm gay and I was refused by a straight person. 7. And I'm gay, but I wish I could do it with a straight. 4. And how about I'm just old. And I wish I could do a period. Well, we don't want to put that on. That's bad. 1. Nothing. I'm telling. I'm reaching that point in my life. I'm just losing it. It's significant. It's not not for my visual standpoint. I still see people like this. Like I said yesterday, I want to reach out and just grab them and just, you know, you know, of course after that happened, I assume that they didn't resist. I don't know what I would do with that point. I'm just, I don't know. Maybe I'm not. I'm sure you remember. It's like right in the bike. Yeah, you never forget. Like driving a car. How risky is your search life? This article asks MSNBC.com and job be internationalized online. We just assure some intimate details about their personal lives. And more than 56,000, a lot of the largest responses ever to a sex survey in the USA revealed that many are playing a pretty risky game. The survey, which was released Monday, found that while a majority of survey participants consider themselves knowledgeable about AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases, many of them are in denial when it comes to sex with someone new. Like a stranger. Well, not necessarily. That's crazy. That's strange or the better. That's what I say. Just 39% of people who took the survey always ask whether a new partner is infected with HIV, the virus that causes AIDS or other STDs. Nearly a third said they never check out a prospective partner's sexual health status. And among those who less than a high school education, almost 50% never discussed the issue STDs with new partner. Troubling statistics given the deadland insomades and arising rates of general herpes and other diseases. General herpes. Ooh, ooh, ooh, not good. Charles Eble, vice president of health program resources at the American Social Health Association says the stigma surrounding sexual infections results in many people being too afraid to be straightforward about their sexual history. Straight forward. A few. Yeah, a little play on words, I guess. Being able to talk about it is a huge problem. He says that the heart is the fear of rejection. It's the fear of being labeled undesirable. Unclean. These are the MSNBC.com survey, which was developed with input from noted sixth therapist Dr. Ruth Westheimer. Dr. Ruth wasn't intended to be assigned to the gang's laws. But he's actually out of how well people that are protecting the social MSTDs. The overwhelming response to the lengthy questionnaire indicates just how much curiosity people have a lot of sex and how their sexual practices compare to other. Of course, I've always had practice makes perfect. Responses to the online survey conducted from September 12 to 16 by Zagdnms and BC were anonymous. Adult age is 18 to 70. Answered questions about their sexual practices, along with demographic information including age, ethnic background, and sexual orientation. Questions range from how often they have sex to the knowledge of how certain STDs is spread. I'm going to do the break because obviously a lot of people are sitting on the edge of their seats right now with the radio turned way up. Because they want to hear because they heard the word sucks. And they want to hear about other people who are in this stuff. Twenty two before eleven and five sixty-five to twenty-two. On the home of technical embarrassment and competence, amazing. Just horseball performance. Just astonishing. And Jersey, a jolly jolly, jolly, jolly whatever it is name is. He says, we deal with technical issues when they're brought to our attention and talk to Joyce about it and they don't bother me because you know. Because he don't know nothing, you know. And I would tend to agree with that. God. This is I with this dude. He's been another busy and bizarre day in the end of the course myth case. The Florida judge says he's in no hurry to make a decision about who will claim this body which has now been lying in the ocean front home for a week. The medical examiner says the court is decomposes. Who will have control of her body? You know, pardon me, you want to show badly. I was like in heaven today. Pictures obtained by tms.com allegedly Shult Smith's body. It's in bed with the bachamian ministers who granted her citizenship. I need you to come quickly because it's getting Malian here. To bathe among the opposing attorneys through seated at times. Put her in the ground. What if God's name is that juts who's smell? Why does it smell like monkey fish? Oh yeah. The fish is said is a high bacteria count. People are advised to avoid contact with this body. That's already sick in hundreds of people across the country. Yeah, that video. So graphic TV. We'll give you more information as we go. Yeah. Here's what that stench is. I said that yesterday. But of course it lingers. What you thought it was a finger, but the aroma continues to linger. But anyway, if talking about STDs goes hand in hand, so to speak, would be better protected than women had the safety edge over men. And estimated 48% of women claim to always check STD status compared to a 33% of men. Now that's an interesting sentence because to me it seems awfully stupid. You check STD status. How do you check that? You conduct like a physical examination? What does that mean? You ask, well, what that means? Ask about STD status is opposed to check. Because then, of course, there are a lot of people alive. I carry a kit around with me. Yeah, that might be it. Long for not to swab a little test tube. A long cotton swab. African Americans, 44% are more likely to have the conversation in whites or as Spanish 38% and 40% respectively. Wow. At least 50% of the participants is fairly the younger ones. We're about contracting herpes from oral sex. You have despite anxiety over herpes, which is non fatal. About 42% don't know or even aren't sure the current partners HIV status. Herpes is not a pleasant thing, believe me. It lingers that you see something. It's a gift that lasts forever. Does it? What do you know about it? What do you know about it? What do you know about it? What do I know about it? I got, let's see. It's a 32 years ago. I got oral herpes. Oh, okay. Put my tongue. I see. And I'm just like two weeks of work. I was a J&O, my sponge. Tim is two weeks of work. It was a nasty thing. I only have chanters on my tongue. Ooh, not you know how our David had hairpiece, but eventually he took it off. So what does that mean? Hairpiece. Mmm. Ah. Do you attract your editor of the journal, sexually transmitted disease in a professor of library medicine at the University of California San Francisco, so as people often believe the partners are in risk, especially if a person isn't gay or using a trillian drugs. They see, I'm sleeping with a back from the office or someone I met at a bar in his cute checker says, mmm. Ha ha ha. Always nice to share. Wow. Men say to think that we never catch something from a woman he says. Overall said, chanters, it's a failure to come to grips. It's a failure to come to grips. That's kind of interesting. You'll plan words again. A lot of playing and a lot of words in here. Mostly playing. Research has worked surprised that age education and income influence sexual behavior. While almost half of those with less than a high school degree never discuss STDs with a new partner, this group also was nine times more likely than college graduates to have paid someone for sex. Oh. Now let's see. Where's that thing about? Oh, this is amazing. This is a great poll. Oh, this is good. We got to do this one for tomorrow. Have you ever paid someone for sex? 85% know? 15% yes. Have you ever been paid for sex? 4% yes? 96% know? I'm sure that means paid directly. Oh, yeah. We're not talking about all that guys. It's going to be done. Exactly. Those gay who's in the way. Right. Games that the people play as correctly amounts to paid for sex. The only you are in a more money you make the list like the word when Gaines and Rifties sexual behaviors is Fritz Winsalace folks when Versailles. Speak for yourself. Most people who took to survey reported being a long-term Anagomist relationship. But far from the stereotype that anagom means the end of bed room bliss. Sets is a big part of their lives. Over 60% reported having sex within the last day or week. Almost two out of every three couples are having sex at least once a week. And a quarter report having sex more than three times a week through Survey of Fawn. People with some energy for Christ's sex. Sex is alive and well on a marific is Winsalace of Stancel member people having lots of sex. Unfortunately not with me. In the survey nearly 25% of women in 13% of women before having more than 25 Partners in their lifetime women were slightly more likely than men to have between 6 and 10 partners. On the lower end on the ass end, 34% of men in 38% of women say they have one to five Partners. I don't ask me how many sex partners I've had in my life that would be embarrassing. I know you need a calculator. Well yeah, I can't count that. Hundreds. Oh no, hundreds. No. Yes. In comparison, Court of the National Center for Health and Statistics, A Division for the Centers of the... Well I'm an old man for crying out loud okay. An old coup. In comparison, Court of the National Center for Health and Statistics, A Division of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Major in ages 344, have had a meeting of six to eight sexual partners in their lifetime. Women have had about four. Alcohol and drugs with the biggest risk factors for unprotected sex among both men and women in every demographic subgroup, with nearly two thirds of respondents saying they've had unsafe sex while drinking. Oh no, went and doubt. Don't whip it out. Asians were the one notable exception with more than 50% of the reporting they've never have unprotected sex while under the influence of booze. Alcohol and nonprotected sex seem to spiral together since once or unless you use your head when making these decisions, and more trouble you're going to get into. You can't even use your head. Just put it on before you leave the house. Unless you use your head. Well I got many things I could say that, but I've been on the ground. 9-09 on the full. Man, every 9 votes. Here's the result of those other chart they have in here. Before you leave it says, I always know what an partner. Oops. You know, it's the only crying shame I could find. Oh. Yeah, I've never done that. That sucks. Yeah. Corny, it's a bubblegum. I always know whether my partner does or does not have HIV or other STD. 58% said yes, no 25% after a 17. Now, how is that always know? It's a disaster. It's a word. It's a word in English. Don't we know? I always have never. Yeah, that's not know. Just because somebody tells you they don't. That just means that they're hot to drop. That's all. Yeah. They say that. I always discuss HIV status race to these with a potential partner. 39% said yes. I never discussed with a potential partner. 31%. I discuss it only with partners. I don't know well. Stranger. 24% not sure. Not sure. Six percent. Those people need to be chopped off right now. At the past. Cut off of the past. But that's thing about have you ever paid someone for sex? No 85% yes. 15%. You believe that? Okay. Why not? You believe it. Sure. I mean, have you ever been paid for sex? Four percent. I can believe that. And no 96%. I think that's a part of the reason. I mean, how many people are out there walking around wandering around like in your shopping mall that you would pay for sex? And again, if the question was, have you ever paid, you know, realistically, then it would be 99%. On other words, counting the, you know, why not even paying? You know, you're a good, you're a bottom-meat, you're a movie, you think? And remember time is money. So if you ever had to stop time is money. You're really out of control. No wonder. No wonder the women in your life despise you. Yeah. But anyway, that'd be good pull for tomorrow's. Have you ever been paid or ever paid? Whatever. Do you like that? Great. Of course, don't there be a whole bunch of people out there who'll hate it, but I think it's said, Florida's governor is being slapped today with a scathing lawsuit. This was yesterday. It charges that he turned a blind eye to a massive Ponzi scheme run by Boyband and Perimpercerio Lou Perlman, gay, who has accused of swimming in New York into the two of his 56 million dollars in New York Post's Learn. Lou Perlman with all those boy bands. Hmm. What? What? You're fair. Governor Charlie Chris, gay. Allegedly, got illegal campaign donations from Perlman totally nearly 11 grand, even as he was supposed to be investing in the Queen's native as Florida's attorney general according to the lawyer filing the suit. Chris also allegedly accepted rise in Perlman's private jet without adequately reimbursing and benefited from fund wages, how the Perlman's or a Perlman's Orlando area home without properly covering the cost at lawyer James Lowey. Lowey, whatever his name is. Chris who took office this year did not return the Tated Relations even after Perlman's sleazy actions began making headlines in recent weeks and after long knowing that there were serious concerns about the investments scheme Lowey said. A Chris folksman had no idea comment. He said, do Ferry. When Charlie Chris takes the first dollar from Lou Perlman, he's doing something wrong as attorney general said Lowey. He's ethically compromised at a minimum. He wasn't doing his job. He was trying to raise money to get another job. He took 11 grand from him and a lot of other goodies. We don't know what those goodies were, which are the best he was doing. And did lay an indictment on him where his cronies, maybe it was a just instinctable. Steven Sereneman, hadn't been as to a this person. Brother, where allegedly swed a lot of a million dollars by Perlman, described the former NSYNC manager as a smooth operator, smooth operator who did that. Shazay. Oh no, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. We would be taken out to dinner when it came to New York. He said everything was going great, sir. And he seemed very believable, very friendly. Wouldn't think there were any problems. Seren who has a separate pending lawsuit said that what is brother asked problem last year about claims that investors were not getting paid. He poo-pooed it. He said people were just picking on him. He poo-pooed it. Oh no. Who are the records? Lowey represents about 75 of the Roman victims who with Chris, the state of all of those are defendants in the photo-federal court action. They've charges, racketeer, influence and corrupt organizations, act violations, and legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal legal sary, can you say a member of the nation's threatened restaurant should I be sure he will be killed and courts Court can only begin to assume gay I mean You're fair together you know admitted you say gay pay taxes he's saying that I've done this to strike guys don't do gay, guys Hey, this is Michael. Straight guys don't have gay sex. This is Josh. Straight men don't have gay sex. This is Miguel. Straight men don't have gay sex. This is Tommy. Straight men don't have gay sex. What else we got? Oh yeah. Straight guys don't have gay sex. You finished here, is there? Like, I think there's more people driving in just to be a part of this project. Okay good. Just to give George some oral support. Yeah. And you know what George always says, well, if it makes you good to think that they would feel like I don't care whether they were straight. You know, I'm saying it. You can put the period at the end of that part of the sense of it makes me feel good. All I say is, oh, God. They would like here. Like I have to give like a history, like a life history about what, you know, it's just about what the word Straight means. What does it mean? It means you don't have gay sex. I see. Do you want, then you have earned another adjective by what is it? Oh. Well, we have 920 votes on the poll so we'll make our 1,000. Now, when were those, how come I never heard any of those before? Where did the hell of that come? We've drummed them up this morning. Just in response to this poll here. I see. And this is Tim. Straight men don't have gay sex. I think there's a line outside the studio. Oh great. Okay. And of course, everyone of these guys is probably hand out with Carlos in different vests. A lot of stars. You're going to go through the little glass. Any questions? Maybe you spend a lot of time around other men in the locker room, in the shower. Maybe you play to the NBA. You're retired and you have the need to express yourself. Nothing says it better than a card. New from small mark. The Tim Hardaway Collection. Each card with a built-in chip opens to play a heartfelt message. I feel great people. The Tim Hardaway Collection features the most offensive thoughts. In a lovely package, close-minded ignorant sentiments that question was really going on with the sender. Oh, you know, I let it be known. I don't like gay people. Say it with a card. When you play in homophobia and protest too much, it's a cry for help. And a greeting. The next time you have an opinion that's inappropriate, but you just have to say it. Dig a hole for yourself by sending a card from the Tim Hardaway Collection. I hate people. From small mark. When you care enough to make a check-in of yourself. Well, it's 11 o'clock at 5'6' and you've got to be a QA. We're making check-in of ourselves every day. And some of us could pay a lot of money for it. Some of us not so much. I heard her. Never left. So what was the story on the phone thing now? We're going to, I don't know if we're getting any calls. We're going to get any calls. But I mean, you know, it's never too start too early. We're not getting any calls. No, no. Wow. That's not a really good sign. No. That's about omen. Well, I think they know that you can't punch them up. So why? So why? So why? So why? So why? So why? So why? I see you're like unloading. I mean, 31st anniversary on the air. And I've been saying this for a long time. It's not like a number that, you know, 31. It's not a magical number. Last year. But third match. It had been the year. Oh, my god. Thirty years. He survived on the air in Sanford. That was like a major and nothing happened. So you're a tape parade. Got a couple of, uh, a couple of calls. Nothing from corporate, of course. Nothing from down there. But we'll see. You never know. Maybe they're, maybe the strippers going to come in. You know, the male stripper. Hey, that's not answering the door at all. Not letting nobody in here until after two. In fact, I think I've got a much time between two and three. Because I've ever go into my teeth clean. And then after that, when I saw it done, then I'll be ready for any. Yeah. I agree with you though, about the teeth cleaning. It is uncomfortable. Yes. Take at your teeth. Well, you got, most of us got like 32 teeth. And I got all my regular teeth cleaning though. It is uncomfortable. Yes. Take at your teeth. Well, yeah. Most of us got like 32 teeth. And I got all my regular teeth in there. Real teeth. I'll look at her. I'm going to go around here. I got a good, good. And they go over each one. You know, in your end, you're laying there and you're thinking, God, is this thing ever going to end? And they're grinding and grinding and smearing and grinding. So I feel like all of the humans is that ever going to end? Yeah. That's right. All right. We got a couple of things. Well, we do have some calls. Well, let's punch him up and see what they want. Okay. Yeah. Okay. We know what that one. Do we have a lot of 2 AM? Hello. Top of Yann, University. Top of Yann, Albert. Okay. Let's go to the next one. Q.A.M. Hello. Yes. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. We have beyond any topics of substance today. You guys just going to be bantering about it. Why do you, are you planning to reduce schedule for the rest of your day? Well, no. I have no life. But your level of desperation is becoming increasingly ponderous. This is going on. Rolling on the air, it couldn't give away your retirement fund and wouldn't have stopped. Oh, yeah. Very good. Excellent. Yeah. Great. We turn it. That's the comedy. Q.A.M. Hello. Q.A.M. Hey, now. Thank you so much. As I 30 and 1 day today too. Wow. Oh, let's play a little tickle. Something here for everybody. Okay. If I can find it. One moment. All right. We're going to go a paling. Hey, man. I'm going to have Georgia be going to beer fish Friday. I got to play in the last night at one free ticket time in the radio for it. Good for you. I probably won't. Although I'd like to. I didn't get to take it. See if I did. If I did score free tickets, then I'd go. That's the reason I'm going. I'll probably win. Go if I can. But. Okay. Oh, I have a great life. And happy. Whatever you're sober. No thing beer. Yeah. So anybody else there wants my money either. Is that what I was trying to tell me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're going to desperately in their level of desperation. But the guy's still listening. And that's good. So, you know, the more desperate I get the more hell listening. The bigger numbers we get. Which means I make more money. And now I'll have Zinians dollars to give away to everybody. I think there's somebody on the street corner. Why? What's a money? Here you go. That's a lot of time. 944 votes on the pool. Well, we're approaching a thousand. And we're just really desperate. See, this is what you get. I mean, people who are like in town, because of the fact it's still one or time of Norton people are down there because they blew themselves into bleeding. It's a place that they want to spend their hard and vacation money and have a wonderful time and soak up the sunshine. And, you know, and they're listening and thinking, what tell us this? This guy's been on town on the year in this market for 31 years. And these are the calls that are coming in. Yeah, that's it. That's what we got. Yeah, that's what I'm expecting. And that's what I'm getting. We never let you down. Let's still get some crap. I'm sorry. Call. See, I have some. I said, call is crap. Sing it for me. Hello. Help me. Somebody help me. Little Rich. Little Rich. Two A.M. Hello. Hello. They're real. Yeah. About 31, man. That was cute. That was at least that was different. About 31, man. About 31, man. One, man. And some, man. These were original. At least he worked on a little bit. So it's not like he was working on it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, and they've arrived in singular wireless line. Why really sound good today, you know? You do. To me, I do. I'm not on great. I sound great today. And that's because of the fact that it's in Miracle. We got on the year. I was going through such machinations here between eight o'clock and the new toy. I'm downloading bits and you're. I'm not busy. I'm not busy. The main message is about the fact machine, which has nothing to do with getting on the air. And all of a sudden, usual. Look at this little message popped up on my computer there. Social producers currently not connected to a server. Surprise. They're working on it. They're working on it. Fevercially getting those dots on there for tomorrow. QAM. Hello. QAM. No. Yes. I'm listening to the panzers game last night as it goes into overtime. There's no gold. And gold comes out of the 35 seconds to a minute later. And says the sorry, gold, those are one line. I know where the bathroom, the most goes, no file. But you know that. Unbelievable. I'll be good day. Okay. Thanks for the exciting news. But that's the practice. The path is one of the shootout lines that it leaves got just blown out by a make-through Buffalo team. It's got all her players injured. It was just embarrassing. I'm giving up hockey. I'm giving up ball that stuff. I'm giving up. You know. 948 votes on the pool. 560, pound 560, and the Verizon. And singular wireless lines. Every line lit. Wow. They're smoking. I got a whole pile of stuff. You know something I might not take any more stuff today. I love that guy. We're going to have something else. Something of substance today. You guys just go to with a banter today. You know you're trolling and trolling and rolling and the cuddling. QAM hello. QAM hello. QAM hello. Hello. Yes. Good. Congratulations. Good. Congratulations. Good. Thank you so much. And you've. You've. You've. You've. You've. You've. You've. You've. You've. You've. You've. I've. You've. You've. Yeah, he's back again. And then another jury guy's back in my space. Uh, this morning. So he. Oh, you've got to confused with somebody else and above a. I'm just kissing kissy and all of it. Five six seven oh five 60 pound five. 60 and the Verizon singular wireless lines. That guy. That last one. What do I do to you? I just a total. You're a moron. So you're an idiot. Okay. So any like happy or whatever coming from you has no significance whatsoever. And in fact coming from most of the callers. to the call is it's like you know farting into a windstorm. That's how much significant it's going to be. Okay maybe somebody will actually be sincere. It's hard finding anybody in South Florida was really sitting on the pier. You know maybe the sin part but not the pier. Q AM hello. Q AM hello. Hello. Hey I wanted to say something funny. We'll be the judge of that. You want to say something funny? Well I have a theory for an call on the father. Yeah. We're listening. Go ahead. All right. Let's see okay. And in the call to the son had an assistant relationship with the mother and then when he finds out that he's the father he'll do you see and then when she finds out that he's okay we're going to say something funny. No one said I was going to I was just a theory. All of a sudden I say he was going to say something funny promise that it would be for us to say something funny. Okay here's one for you paling. Okay let's hold the next one. Q AM hello. Q AM. That's the book you. What do you say? Can he miss your murky dummy? Oh no. Yeah. That's Mr. Berk to you dummy. Come on get with that Jesus. Some of you people got a personality like a dead tool for Christ's takes. God almighty how the you know something it is a miracle. I don't know maybe I'm the only one I'll pat myself on the back. I don't need all these other people doing. I'll pat myself on the back 31 years of this. Not hasn't always been quite like this but then again it hasn't always been Q AM. You know. I mean once upon a time back in the day there were people calling actually that's something to say discussing arguing thrashing something you know not no mode those days are long gone it's a good thing I realized they were long gone. And they could do that no more. All peels are ingrafts up in the anaconical Smith burial case any interest not by me Jesus God almighty. Look at that says only fools rush in the markets back up hundred points. Anybody care about that a fool in his money are soon farted man if you're in that stock market thing let me tell you right now don't get suckered in on that crap. I could tell you stories and there is a macho in Ahmedine John. Don't you just love the way I say that and he's kissing that guy on the notes oh my god. I'm kissing like we only looked even smiling too when I got kissed on both cheeks and I'm not talking the ones that is facing the comments we got kissed. 10 minutes after one at five sixty WQM it's the pre-anniversary show it's like a little before play here you know. It's like a little pre- yeah like that. One moment's we happen What the hell? I don't know that means me. I basically want to say five main lights, let me know. I don't know if I've been right there. So what does that mean? You're on. You're on. No you're on. No you're on. You're on. You're on. No no no. Hey. Hey. You're talking back to my email later. Then don't. Of course I was talking about that. Do what? What? Don't get what? What? I'm on. So let me 16, 560 QIM. This is the bandage show. This is the Pussock bandage show with blood and a little bit of scabbage. Maybe nails won't have to do this. Couldn't scab it. Do you do this show today? No he's not that much of a bastard. He's only a medium bastardish. So we can't hear him. He can't hear us. The TAT and T's fault. I don't know. Hey you're back. Hey you're talking back. This just came back on again. It's AT&T's fault. Yes. The Greenlight came back on for a second. There were two yellow lights which I've never seen them light up before. They came on simultaneously and like nothing happened. You had cut out like for just a second during the previous segment. A little bit of a hiccup. It wasn't completely unexpected. Obviously they're having issues. Oh man. Have dots? No I don't have dots. You got crazy first. No what? Told him not to mention that. Yes. I'm sorry right. They're dancing in front of my eyes. Well the voice of the Keyber elf is that an 81 in print so tiny that I'm with the Palomar telescope. You couldn't read there. That's printed up with that. Is that actually pretty long? The one who was the voice of many cartoon and public characters including, or any of the Keyber elf and TV commercials his daddy was 81. Edmist and data complications from cancer with his home in Woodland Hills for where 15 is daughter. Said his daughter Erin and listen. He worked till him becoming a legend. He was born well nobody cares about him. He was had a showroom show on local TV. The Walker Edmist in show which featured his own puppets including Keyber's line and Rae. Raevens with a buzzard. Well that's it. Lisa or Tracy whatever name is Tracy fact. And says straight men don't have gay sex. That's one of the funniest things ever heard. Testimonials right on. I wish I had my job as this fun as all that. At least Tracy whatever your name is. I don't think this is my idea of fun. That's right. That's right. And next minute we're not. I beg you for that part of it isn't fun. Oh way. You're doing to me again all these people. Oh yeah. Yeah. You're protesting too much. Hey this is vote. You know straight men don't have gay sex. Yeah right. But you guys sure talk about a lot. I'm saying that. They do. Okay. Or not. Great men don't have gay sex. All right. That was we. You asked for Carlos testimonial there. Oh yeah. Sounds like the voice the queen of experience to me. 979 votes on the pool. Is this going on all day because I'm going to get a pillow and lay down on the floor and do it. I can lower the microphone down to floor level. I don't know. Wow. Happy anniversary. I never said 79 votes. Almost 2,000. And if we can stay on here long enough. I don't think we really make the difference. Whether we get to a thousand or not. I think the only thing we need to get to is to a client. That's the only it will be a miracle if we get to a client. I didn't know. This is good today. You can only imagine what it's going to be like tomorrow. Have you ever in proposition by some of the same gender? Yes, but I refuse 450. No, and I don't care to be 277. I hate this pool 9.1% 90. Yes, I agree to it. I liked it 74. No, but I wish somebody would ask me 25. Yes, I agree to it. But I hated it. 24. Oh, f. I'm gay. I did it with a straight person 17. I'm gay and I straight propositioned me 11. That's the one I don't, I just sounds ridiculous to me. I'm gay and I was refused by a straight person 7. And I'm gay, but I wish I could do it with a straight person 4. And how about just with a stranger? Anybody? Anything. A squirrel would be good. The stranger the better. After all, squirrel's always got, you know, like nuts. So how we do with that phone situation now? That's, that would just, we got this. We got this. We do got calls. Yeah. That's what you call him. Q a m hello. For like a better turn. Yes. Hello. Hey, stay in the phone. We're working tomorrow. Have to be freaking out of her. Sure. Well, thanks for freaking out, pal. Hey. I did. I'm out of material. Okay. Thanks. All right. Now that's a good idea, just in case the phone's done work at all tomorrow. You can call in today and say happy anniversary. You old-fagged you or whatever you want to do. You know, like that. Because there's a definite chance that they won't be working tomorrow. I mean, there's a point of change. There's a point of chance nothing will be worth it. That's correct. I mean, this morning, the fact ain't working, the dots aren't there. The red lights on the thing here. I can't hear anything from down there. And it's just a clean sweep. Baby, a clean sweep. Q a m hello. Hey, what's up? Q a m hello. Hey, first of all, have the anniversary. Thanks, pal. And the statement don't have dates back. It's just not what I'm calling for though. You know, I had a listen to that message that's normal. Can't tend to about all jokes or I'm no manager of radio station. But when I have technical problems, I don't call the corporate lawyer. I call a technician to come and fix it to the marijuana. Yeah. Number two, I think I find a place to your tape. That's show right before your stock. For your tape, you'll double the rating. No problem. Then that's not an answer to try making money to the right network. So I'm out here, Neil. Okay, see. What are you laughing at so up for work here? That was a great call boy. Covered up. What's a good call? I thought if you go through a thousand of me, I get one. That's really got something to say in that guy. He laid it out there. Four barrels every just, you know, full steam ahead. Nice going, pal. Kenny and Bo morning sure with the square table and the round table and the oblong table and the horizontal table and the vertical one and the water table and all that other stuff. And of course, it's always gay or not gay like that too. Seems to me like those guys are just obsessed with it. I could be wrong about that, but just, you know, when they're not talking about, you know, who's wife put out the most last night? It's always something about it. Yeah. And there's nothing about that. You know, you don't listen to that. I don't listen to that. I don't listen to that. But I don't listen to that. I don't listen to that. I don't listen to that. Yeah. 991 votes by the bottom of the hour. We got a thousand. And I'm going to just lay back in the chair and pass out. Don't do that. Sonny, shine to know. What the hell is that temperature out there? Looks like a nice sunny day. To me, and I got that dentist cleaning. I just, I don't like that. No. Oh, it's minus one. It's the earth, the temperature is not turned. Thirty Fahrenheit. Minus one Celsius. A, not too bad. A sunny day. Beauty. You know, you're going to have to go with it. Yeah, maybe some of the short-checkered pants would be good. And maybe like some tongs. We're going to thong with some tongs. What a sight. Oh, oh, grand jury investigates. We've poured a second questionable payment to Bradshaw. Oh, no. Good. A federal grand jury is looking at a way second allocation at Bradshaw. If can't you any, we see they, he's better known as the possum. Of course. We see the questionable payment from a person who does business with the sheriff's orifice sources familiar with the investigation told us on Sentinel. For more than two years, Jenny's personal finances and business students have been noticed scrutiny by the West Attorney's Office in Miami and the FDLE. The sources said the federal and same investigations now focused on two allegations. Jenny or one of the secretaries received about five grand from a security executive Lewis Nadel. And previously reported the so-called accusation that Jenny or one of the secretaries received a $20,000 loan in 2004 from a vocative developer, Philip Procachi. For Cachy and Adel's firms both have contracts with the sheriff's orifice and Adel served on the self-load of crime commission a group that promotes crime fighting and raises money for law enforcement. The investigators are questioning by the rate of $20,000 loan to one of Jenny's secretaries from Procachi, which was then passed on to Jenny and a payment of more than five grand from Adel to another secretary, when Tended his gifts or loans to Jenny the sources said. The West Attorney's orifice has been investigating Jenny and the criminal statutes that deal with gratuity payments on his services fraud and mail to the law enforcement. The law's would not require proof that a gift was given a change for the performance of an official act. Rather, prosecutors are focused on determining whether the payments from Procachi and Adel were illegal gifts, whether they undermine Jenny's performance of his public duty and whether his emissions on financial statements and ethics form sent by the mail, violate a criminal fraud statutes. Stick his ass in jail, okay? Serve him right. The possum makes me sick. That would be appropriate. I hope this took him the grower county jail. That would be nice. Nine hundred ninety five ohs on the pool. I can't wait to do that one about have you ever been paid for sex? That's for tomorrow. And, et cetera. I hear a busy trolling there. I'll, I guess, so we didn't play that to the thing. What thing? Well, the reader didn't play the bit for the last break. No. Well, what, so what actually happened? How long were you on? There were just like three minutes maybe. Three minutes you were on before we got the connection back? I'm guessing. Yeah. Jesus. We got about five hours but we could have played a tap in there and the interim instead of that. You know if we'd been ready. Hey, Q1 up would you? Yeah, Q1 up. Yeah, Q1 up. The guy says, straight guy don't have gay sex. Like that. That's what Neil says. Straight guy is don't have gay sex. Straight guy is, do not have gay sex. Here. What would you know about straight guy is, I was. He has a wife, you know. He's about a couple. Now he's been on shows with a couple of my guess. Couple of real macho guys like those macho sports guys that we have on this station who takes showers, naked together and snappies of his ass with the towel and put the lotion in his mouth. Straight men don't have gay. Yeah, we already got that. We don't need to hear any new people. We need to somebody would like a person out of like a living person. 560, 560 pound, 560 on the Verizon singular wireless line and a singularly bizarre day. It started out bizarre right from the gift goes. It started a hum what? It did start up as our luckily at straightened out. So to speak. QAM hello. Oh, ah. Good afternoon sir. Good evening sir. I hope you can tell me a little sincerity because I unfortunately I was born up February 29th. I only get a birthday every four years but I always say that one of the greatest gifts I got was the day you came on the air about my 16th birthday. And wow. Thank you sir. And you are as responsible as I would say Alan Burke and Magic Game for warping my person. Okay, here's excellent. And I really can't stand to give the day when you won't be on the air anymore. Oh, that will never happen. I hope not. I'm saying I'm fact I'm going to put a microphone in my box. Okay, Mr. Wacken keep talking out of inferred eternity. Well, and I know you don't like doing the remote or anything like that. But I believe me when people adore you and their apps just being in your presence. Your your your your treasures as far as I can. Sir, thanks, pal. I'm going to tell him to wet myself off. And thank you for 31 years. I have one question. The guards your pole. Yeah. I far as safe sex and all that. If you're with a girl, but you only do it back to our file. Would that loosely be described as gay sex anyway? No. Okay, just ask me sir. Happy anniversary. You must have been disconnected again. Maybe we are. Oh, here I thought it was just being a bastard. Or maybe he's just good. Got Almighty. Well, perfect break time. On 27, 560, all technical inadequacy of radio. It's you. We're back. Or not. What a psych out that was. Can't believe that. Of course we brought it again. He's going to get up and walk out. This is not a happy moment. Good girl. You used to have a really good tan. You were screwed up there. Oh, you were back. But I'm playing a bit, so. Oh, wait. I'm waiting for you. Yeah. Funny. First part of your plan. Then you went ahead of baby. But you had more than more on boyfriend. I know I'm not born. Or you're not the biological. You always think of that. You stop a shake on that. You would throw up a lot of funerals. So delay. You think of that. It was stronger than pot. I would just thought it out. You knew getting on a stage. Why didn't you pass up like a clown? Everyone was in the line. You wait always with. Up and down. Driven by your head as a fly. And why are you still hanging around? There's ningum's in the way. There's nothing that happens. And you die. But you're in the ground as the flowers in the ground on. And I'm in the ground as the flowers in the ground. I'm reading the video for you. Okay, this one makes the one yesterday, and in the end, because this one is so long, I can read it right off my voice and bury it here. Dear Joe, it says subject, kneels and aversory. We're thankful kneels, checks come on time, but you know what? They're supposed to. That's part of a contractual agreement that it's held to employ, be paid on time, and not a day or two late. You're not entitled to be applauded and appreciated for doing things you're supposed to do. Leadership of the company have to be controlled or repeatedly asked or reminded to do the things the company is supposed to do. The fund is supposed to work. The fact machines are supposed to work. The internet is supposed to work. The studio is supposed to remain operational all times, not an alternating Thursdays when the moon is in a partial eclipse. None of these are new technologies. These are, there are reputable IT companies all over software, which can be monitoring the production services on a daily basis. And the contract specifically provides and delineates that kneels should be provided with stable air technologies. It's written in a very clear and crystal fashion. There's a reason I put that clause in there. We expected it to be honored. Not hope it would be honored. Expected it to be. There's a reason kneels routinely, and listed as one of the top top show host in America. He's the consummate professionally demands comparable treatment. There's a reason as ratings for your station in the highest of any host ever there. kneels is not being unreasonable or on-toured in publishing complaints that the facilities are not functioning adequately, kneels asking for this contract be honored. He's simply asking that the services he renders professionally on a daily basis, being matched by a comparable commitment from the companies performing for. Someone once told us a fair day's work for a fair day's pay, it goes bail both ways. I should not be told I need a corporate lawyer to get a telephone to work. They have since Alexander Graham Bell invented that maybe QM could experiment with some of the newer technologies that have been used since he passed away 100 or so years ago, signed Norma, Norma Kent. How do you like that? And that was seen where he was. It sounds to me like it's in response to something, you know? I'm publishing remarks about what, you know, something anything I've said on the air, I don't need to tell you because how many times have we gone off already today? About 30 minutes? How many times have we dropped out on the streaming, which we have at least a thousand people listening online every day? About 30 minutes? Yesterday was 130. Yeah, I'm holding my breath for the next one. So what's the deal with this? How is it coming back spontaneously or somebody doing something there? It's cutting off spontaneously. Are we doing anything for it to come back? Chris, Chris knows because apparently the thought is that AT&T is testing the lines. And so they're the ones that keep dropping it and letting it reconnect. Great, they're testing the lines. Well, they're the devil first of all. Yeah. And so they test lines. Like when Bob de Moot comes into the building and decides to unplug everything just to run a test and cut us off in the middle of a spot break and think, right? Right, they do the same thing, but on a city wide scale. And who the hell are you to be complaining about it? And what the hell was that email I just read? What was that all about? What was that in reference to? What was in response to? There's obviously a lot of stuff going on behind my back and around it behind my ass. And I haven't got any idea. What's all it's all about? I'm not involved in the discussions with the Jersey Joe or anybody else over there. The fact is that it's a technical disaster. It's an embarrassment, Joe. I have to make a bulletin out of that for you. Jesus, Chris, we're trying to stay the hell on a year here today. That's the major miracle. No dots, no dots on the internet thing up there on the phone. Maybe punch up. You got any calls now or not? Probably not. One. Two AM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I wanted to talk to Neil, please. Speaking. Oh, and listen, if you hear anybody calling about the compliment, the house, and gave you this morning, I had a facet about it. Tell me what he has said. Well, I've listened to the show and he's going over the top 100, most influential people on the radio. Right. And he's reading all these obscure and names I've never heard of. People never heard of. And as you get down the risk, it goes Neil Rogers, number 69. He's way better than most of these guys. And then he carried on. But he was just a nice thing to say. So it showed that he's listening to you and knows who you are and knows your show. Yeah, he invited me to be on serious once a part of time. And Norma can't screw that all up too. But he's busy writing the host of letters with Joe Bell about how and confident this place is. And so his long can. He's not your lawyer anymore, is he? Yeah. He's crazy. Anyway, listen, I've got a run back. You got a nice compliment. Okay, thanks. Bye. He's right. I'm crazy. But we all know that we know that I'm crazy. That's a given I goes without saying. Look where I am. So I've got a lovely Joe and Norma. I've got some kind of a tinkland contest going on. And I don't even, I'm not even getting the wash out to spray out from it. And nothing. No? It's one thing to tink along somebody's leg, but it's nothing to get the feedback. You know, 1,000 and 20 hotes on the full. So we got our 1,000. Let's hear it. All right. What more can we want on the day before? A stable connection. Yeah, we got a stable connection. Can you sing a smell of it? That's the horsesmith. Yeah, I smell something that's fused in. Much worse than it was on Monday. Oh, I'm sure that. They're probably trying to, you know, they're probably trying to gas you guys out to collapse. And of course, they're probably going to do this. I can't stay on the air. Other than that, I don't want to sound like maybe they're trying to prove that I can't make it till March the 1st. Maybe that's what it's all about. Well, they're not piping fumes into your apartment there. Not yet. That's true. And of course, the mail strip, or as in show up yet either. Do you hear the hammering? It's like right above my head. Yeah, I hear it now. I hear it on the air. If I had a hammer, come on. Let's hear it. Oh, boy. Let me just see if there's something I'm going on my hot mail here. And see if there's something I'm normat related to this. There we go. Peter Paul is here. Even on the regular news. Okay. Okay, dear. But it doesn't have the previous communication. Oh, here it is. Oh, no, this is just in regard to the original message. It's the one I read yesterday. We addressed. And what else has happened to my client? My digital cable there. And my TV set. Oh, oh. Oh, the cables out. Up there in Canadian. Wow. I don't want to say that there's one way. Anyway, the original one. We addressed technical problems. Every time we were made aware of them, I said you're led to the Joyce and she will follow up. Talk to you soon. Joe Bell VPO. Yeah. That's what the response was. Neil is not being unreasonable run toward in publishing complaints that the facilities are not functioning adequately. He's asking that is, I'm not asking anything. I'm asking for a place that works. That's what I'm asking for. You're bozos. You goofballs. I'll see. Oh, the way to explore. I'm just rebooting my cable here. That would be bad. Yeah. Wouldn't it? I don't know why. Because you're helping. It's right in. Yeah. Well, shit right in would be ambiance of the entire day. It just has to be one of those really great days. Right from the very beginning when I walked in here now. What the hell time is it anyway? It's funny to know that QAM is like guys. If they're a long day on the Gulf Coast dressed daily in colours so bright it would embarrass a circus clown. You need to reaffot in your manhood with a good slice. Something that proves your game more than ice-free shabby balls. Yes, so this dirty little bar sheet washing your balls, Pickered span and it's all in up the carry around the new checkered pants. It gives your balls a liquor battle improved your shwake. They're a malgumated golf ball washer. That should mine name when you buy one. You can get it for the regular price. Okay 16 to noon at 5, 60 WC. We're still on the air. Wow. One segment in a row. That's right. And 1,035 votes on the pool. We're really doing it. And I've decided the resident crazy radio sensor is having an evidently pretty bored these days. You know that one of what I'm talking about? Yes, I do. Remember we had Ethan on there for a day or two. And now we've got Christopher is on. They're also with almost naked pictures. And you know, I'm going to work even some people off the streets. 5, 6,705, 60 pound, 5, 60, leave a rise in singular wireless lines. They home of technical lunacy. Okay, even Mark Koney would be embarrassed by this. By the way, now we have the fumes and carbon monoxide. All right. So tar and all those. See if at first they got to see. They got to put the one, two punch together and try and knock you guys out. They're really taking it up several not just now. Not just not just. Yeah, we have to window the door over here. Yes, over here. Can't even even lunge you to because I mean, I could. I could even some lunts like a two o'clock before I went to the dentist, but that's not good. You should not do this. Because even if you brush your teeth and floss, you know, he's still, oh, right. It's like gross. I know that I don't make them take longer than they need to if you have a. Oh, I don't want to do that. No. I feel like canceling the whole damn thing. I feel like going out to the balcony right now. I'm putting one leg over and taking like a big take in the big lead for my 31st anniversary. Sounds good. Yeah, right. Why cut the crap, would you? It's been that kind of day all the way around. It's just not a very, I don't know. It's a lot of things about being on here and south Florida. Don't ever expect too much because then you won't be disappointed because you're not going to get much. So that was really quite a fly opener that normal camp, email was Charlie Joe Bell. Wasn't it all this external comedy coming into us today? We didn't know that. Now keep keep the fascist and external comedy coming in because in that much else we can do. I mean, I got a pile of stuff here. I could sit here and thought, but I don't want to do that. I want to take a whole bunch of neat calls today in tomorrow. Especially tomorrow. And you're threatening me that they're actually going to have the dots back and get the internet phone connection. I was told this morning that the the Earth link, the minespring, whoever it is is going to be coming in. Their technician is going to be coming into the building to straighten that problem out. I see. Now what is this seven weeks from circus this is going to happen. It is almost a forum. We will embrace some homotimes new with them. And you can all sit around have a little poor and celebration. Maybe you can bring my spin to dread a little even though that's wrong holiday. It's never too late to spin the dreadal or have some chicken soup for the couple can needles. I'll think of that. 560505060 pound five 60 and the Verizon and singular wireless line. Anything going on with the phone because I have no way of know that we're about a 50%. Oh, I ain't too bad. QAM hello. Charlie Sherby. Like I said, you're about 40% QAM hello. Okay, you're about 30% about 30% about 30% man. WQAM hello. Okay, down to like 20%. Not 10% one more. Okay, and like I said, you're down to oh, percent. Well, I'm just going to lay down on the floor. I really am just going to pass out. This whole we're going to pass out. So why not? That's all three. Yeah. You got the carbon monoxide is your excuse. And my, so I love it. It's not exactly. It's a, I got a pound. You need to get it from it. Sounds like a bad work environment to me. And of course, what is this from is this from the roof? Yeah, they're putting tar up there. Although I don't know what carbon monoxide has to do with it. It smells like like an auto exhaust. Maybe they're running there. Maybe they're running a truck up on the roof. Ever so pay a pay a change. 560505050 pound five 60 and the Verizon and singular wireless line. We have what what what calls loaded up now. Well, there you go. Now that we actually have been on the air for like six minutes straight. But he expect these people. What's the delay catches up? Let's punch one up and see what the hell. How good it is. If you like it. I have. Yeah. Q AM. Hello. Q AM. Okay. Now you've got a 40% Q AM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Have the anniversary today. Thanks so much. Been listening to you since 1978. Wow. Absolutely. I even got lucky on your dating and meeting show one night. Yeah. Oh, one night. That's not maybe got married or something. No, no, no. Like you won't. Well, it's not around with that. No. I had a one night stand. You know, after I met somebody. It was right. Anyway, but noticing over the last few months, you've been playing some music. You know, like actually full like songs. Which is good. No one. Well, I was wondering if you could play a blue switch. Choose by Carl Perkins. Well, what do you have been playing for like solidly talking about? Well, you can play in, you know, like just open this. This one father money. Two foot. Yeah. Yeah. You should play the whole song. Great. Why do we want to play the whole song? It'll kill some good time. It's good. You're going to do that. It's not first of all. You should read it. How long is that journey about two and a half minutes? Yeah. Two, 13. Two, 13. I listen. I have a great day, pal. You told me thanks a lot. Okay. Thanks a lot for what? Am I going to play it? What? What is he talking about? Huh? I don't know what he's talking about. What do this man be talking about? People make stuff up. He's been listening for 29 years. It's obviously had a detrimental effect on his mind. There's no question about that. Anybody who says that this show doesn't write your brain. There's a little improvement. There you go. Can't we try that one? Something that rocks your brain. This show does write your brain. How about the money or the action? I think we can say that on the other one. I got a very, very, very money world. Oh, right. Okay, that's enough for that. Yeah, all of a sudden that we're playing requests. Maybe we'll do that tomorrow. We'll play a full song with music. Okay, maybe normal kids send me another message. No, this is just something I don't care. Tompain.com. I hate that. I hate when nothing buzzes and it's something I don't. Don't have any interest in it all. But we do have a thousand and forty-seven votes on the poll. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60. Well, when you know you wouldn't think. Why do I ask you these stupid questions? I know better. I don't think. During these very important days today and tomorrow. I don't know why today is so important. And then tomorrow Friday is important because we get off at 12.50. All of us baseball, baby. We got the exhibitionist schedule starting. Marlons and the Orioles in Fort Lauderdale, 12.50, pregame on Friday. Yeah, exactly. How come it isn't Friday today? I wish. How come we can't have that keen basketball game like about, 11.53 would be good. Anything on its phone? Yeah. QM? QM? QM? Yeah, let's talk to Neil. Speaking. Neil, I wonder if it was wondering if either your George Cot that program on cable. I think it was our EI channel regarding the call. Well, the way my cable is back, go ahead, I'm sorry. It was called the curse of the lottery? No. Oh, man. So if you get a chance to catch that, that's not available as well. Okay. Thanks. That was it. That's all he has. Not happy at a grocery meal. Not thanks for all the years of a free entertainment. Well, he wasn't thinking. Not a little pad on ahead and saying thanks for being a wonderful old flag. Nothing like that. 5 6 7 0 5 60. And then the cable's back. I'm watching these goofballs on CNN. I don't know why I'm watching it. I don't know. I should be watching the Leafs get pounded by the Sabers again. I'll probably not leave it until the end of the year. No, there's no hockey on there. Well, it's a Leaf TV. And like I said, Leafs are around. So there's no hockey on there. I'll Columbus in Colorado. What is again? Anybody would want to watch? 5 6 7 0 5 60. 5 6 10. I don't feel this is like an out of body experience this entire day today. Yeah. It just started. It started badly and it's gone downhill from there. You got any calls? Yeah. Here's one. 2 a.m. Hello. I got nothing to tell you. All right. There's another Leafs he was honest. Anyway. Q.A.M. Hello. Yeah. How are you doing? Okay, sir. Can I get a use lesson for a for a for business? I go in. Oh, you have to. You have to look at so far. I go ahead. Okay. Sorry. You the term does that or no pronunciation come and dread. It cracks me up just to hear you say it. What does it mean? Means that they should go to hell is what it means. Okay. And one of the things you always mention the guy with the eyes is he like. Okay, okay. Yeah. All these. All these things. All right. Great. Okay. Great. They'll say. Oh man. He's David cancer. I'll tell you that. Remember, but he Davis. He's got David cancer. He's got David cancer. What's that? All that bad. Except for the fact that he's in the closet. Hey, come on out. Can't wear we are. You and all your boyfriends in the closet. That whole group, you know? with the LOT, the green teeth, it's official we can't inhale. If I take a breath, I'm yes, I'm passing out. So what do we got to do about that? I don't know. I'm going to get it. The doors open. Door open can't. Doesn't matter because the fumes are all on the floor here. They just have to be strongest right. The fumes are on the floor. I mean, the help is on the floor. How is this only in our studio? It's strongest in our studio as you know the the vent for some reason hits here first, but it's already like out in the hall. Everybody can smell it. So it's not like we can escape it. Yeah. So just worthy. You know, I don't think I'm going to officially make it to the 31st anniversary tomorrow. Maybe not. I'm not talking about because of fumes. I don't have any fumes here, but just maybe my own, you know. But just the over all on beyond to this day. I'm just taking a few weeks off. I don't know. What we got to do is we got lots of tapes. Yeah, we got a lot of tape. 150 votes on the pool of the everyone proposition by someone of the same gender. Yes, but I refuse. I kept my honor just like the godfather there. I look, what's the bonus of his daughter? He kept that honor. Yes, but I refuse for 176. No, and I don't care to be proposition 305. I hate this pool 97.92%. I don't see anything wrong with this pool even slightly. What could possibly be wrong? I think it's really feeling up. I consider. Yeah, that's true. Yes, I agree to it. And I liked it 79. Yes, I agreed to it, but hated it. It's got. But third man. No, but I wish someone would ask me 25. I'm gay and I did it with a straight person 17. I'm gay in a straight proposition me 12. I've had dreams like that. I'm gay and I was refused by a straight seven. I'm gay, but I wish I could do it with a straight four and a hubm in there. It has got no nanny. Out of a thousand 52. Go ahead and speak to you. That's our thing here on QAM. Should start a class. Yeah, let's have you this class on here. And in fact, I'll start doing segments like they do in the morning show. We can't numbers like theirs. The Yiddish word of the day is because of smart and we are more easy to manage. You know, those ones and the twos want it to let us want numbers on the moon. That's what Howard would do. I'm surprised you didn't notice. What's that? Everything was a segment something, you know, with a name he did. That's what I thought. Are you not gonna make good buddy Howard's stern and we're saying nice things about me? Oh no, not him. Those think of the other Howard. Oh, no Howard David. Yeah, right. You're only saying when he ever did it was the one between the parts of the hairpiece. Yeah, that in segments. And of course segments of pizza. Four minutes to load it. To me, doesn't feel like we've been here more than 40, 50 hours. That's cooler. And I sound like Bob Hope on Ashe. And I want to tell you it's the 12th or now or whatever it is. On the next morning and in a cold Smith's fight month old daughter who's the father when I hope to disassemble anything to have. So today we have given two different men DNA tests. Hi. Yeah. Where you think? I sell propane and propane accessories. Doesn't matter. You want to be the father? No, that's not really true at all in fact. Bobby. You want to be the father? Yeah. Something like that can follow you the rest of your life. You're missing it to point. We're going to find out right now. Hank Bobby, you are not. Feel gravity. Oh, Neil. God. Oh, it's good. Neil God. This power that an Elf president say man. I'm the most powerful guy to him. What a tie. Yeah, I'm proud. Oh, it's good. Neil God. This power that an Elf president say man. I'm the most powerful. Neil born boys in this country are sick of size. They proceed to his widely performed without any sort of anesthesia. I have no previous. I'm glad. Neil God. Oh, it's good. I'm glad. Oh, it's good. Neil God. Oh, it's good. Oh, I'm glad. I will ask you tonight's blog post already as a company that perpetuates this kind of behavior. Okay. 29 years of my life. I've labored over a hot steamy microphone. Try to entertain that place. And he calls into request Carl Furkins and Frickman blue-sweighed shoes. Oh, I do like that song. Yeah, it's good. 500 votes on the poll. Let's hear it. One for the money. Yeah, there we go. What does this put that end of the sweeten to do to a clock? Right. Three to get ready. Go, go. Oh, right. No matter how you know that, I dare you steal this hell that shame on you of course they're both dead. So here's okay. It's enough of that. 560560 pound 560. I'm just, I mean, you're anything. Oh, let's recap for anybody who just maybe joined us. Okay. Let's recap it for the audience. How many adventures that we had today? Oh my god. Started out with a fax machine wouldn't say I'm trying to fax you a message that I can't hear anything about our connection is down and the fax machine doesn't work. And then of course the dots on everything up here don't work. And then of course we couldn't communicate with each other with the AT&T thing dropped out about 85 times already this morning. It took an hour and a half to get that going at the 945 just before the show. And now the internet is down and we're not all are back up. Let's hear it. Like I said, things are looking up. Hey, what are you laughing about? You got to look on the, look on the bright side like the Eric Gidal says. That's right. He's gagging and cooking and choking. And then I left, I didn't get to that party at either about the toxic fumes coming through the vents in the studio that are for the Thursday in a row. I didn't know they used Zai on eight on roofs. They must think that some of the Jews are in those rooms. I don't know if I'd go in and they're now. That's bad. 1101 on the pool. And we got we're streaming again. We only recorded this only had four dropouts. Of course, what am I said about an hour? Or is anybody got what? Are you supposed to get a free tattoo before they got you? Yeah, the guy from the tattoo shop will be right on a punch up a line if you still have the energy. What's going to happen if you pass out and can punch up the line? Because they'll take over until he passes out. Oh, yes, sir, Mr. Congratulations. 31 f thing years. I can't believe it. Me either. I can't even believe you can't say B bag anymore. Because that's when I started listening to you. You can even say T bag. I know that. Listen to me. You were number 69 in that poll, but you know who was in the 40 Miss Randy Rhodes. Yeah, believe that. I don't know. Now one request, you know, can you play that? That doesn't mean wrong depressed. Does anybody play? God, can you play the small team? Godfather, what do you sound for me, please? Oh, yeah. Please, thank you, you know, I have a no problem. See, now I don't mind playing that because it's not really a song. It's a it goes with the ambiance of the show. Where is it? You got it? You got it? You got it. You made it up. Oh, no way. You're not going to make it down. It's a flat little car on purpose while I'm feeling it's not. I'm going to queue it up like Clint Eastwood didn't play Missy Paul, you know. Just stick to needle on the record. I hope that if the, you know, coaches in the right place, where's they saying friends? John, see. Okay, I got it. There we go. Fox time. Fox time for softball to baby. I'm telling you a little salt hearing while you're at. Oh, I think it's something I do. How about the other you? Yeah, I know. Are you just telling me from this? Yeah, I know. People who don't know what it means are crelling from this. I want to unfelling. The old Rod you died. This is our business. Fox has great years and for the we have facility Wednesday, but then chapter self out one day later, for less than model behavior lately has raised a lot of eyebrows. Video taken early Sunday morning in New York shows Britney Spears getting out of her limo and a problem of what appears to be vomit is visible in the back seat. For driver covers her with vomit as she rushes by the cameras. Newspaper reports they Britney was partying at Manhattan's club 10 June, drinking to kill her from the bottle and just robbing so she could vomit and now video up her vomit showed Britney in a less than flattering life. I can't imagine what that could be. 1230 is that all of his holy moly rat man. You've got to be in my toenails man. This just really is like 530. Feel like 530 in a morning. Like 800 hour marathon. But hey, we just continue a moving right along. I just got through reading more that Norma Kinthing and some of the stuff that preceded it with Jersey, Jolly, Joe Bell and about fart noises this and about a beat, but a book, but about all these brilliant ideas about the calls. It's just amazing to me. The expertise that these people have about talk radio. They mean no, it's inside and out. You would never know because they can't get the technical aspect of it right to save their lives, but other than that, they're on top of it. 560, 70560, let's get some of these really entertaining calls smoking here today and of course tomorrow four hours of it. I'll be calling them sick. I think tomorrow. It's everywhere to celebrate. Me too. And pound fight, what you'll be already sick today. pound five 60 of the Verizon singular marital slime. Anything happening on a phone? Any action? Anything you want to tell them? Hello. Hello? Yes. Yes. First Congrats on your anniversary. Thank you. Your number one dammit and everybody knows it. Sometime ago the other so-called sports station a listener asked the host why it's ratings were so low because he and all his friends listened to him and he said I forget his name. He said, well, we're new, we're just starting out and many said he passed and he said, hell, I'm going against Neil, the million pound gorilla. There you go. How can we listen to that other station now? Well, sometimes I mean, I listen to you because the killer. You helped the pain in my back all the way. I see. And sometimes some people aren't so funny and so I turn the dial. You know what I mean? Yeah, I know what to mean. Me too. Don't let the dial in and don't ever retire. Okay, I'm not sure you're never going to retire or die in that or the fact we'd are. Bye bye. I've never had a die. I'm going to stay alive forever. That's right. Just so I can keep nudging people. You know, that's my whole role in my keep nudging people. I think that's my magical in life. 120 votes on a pull. I had a lot of a lot of good lessons for my mother, you know. Now, now, now, a lot of nagging, you know, all the nagging all the time. Somebody like do the same thing, everybody. Put on your Gulash is now before you leave the house. 5.6705. Every line is smoking. Well, that's the good one. That's a good one. That's because we've been on here for more than three segments in Roa, Spontaneous to New York. We're streaming to now. We're streaming and screaming. QAM. Hello. QAM. Yes, sir. Happy anniversary. Thank you, sir. Since K.C. And the ultimate colleagues want to try to piss you off. So the one can thank Result Baf to the other happy anniversary. Okay. Thanks, Pauli. Up here. See you. All right, guys. Can't take. We're just like me. What's wrong with that? 5.670560. And you mentioned that the lines that are working, of course, line one hasn't worked at about 150 years. And when we find technical problems here at QAM, we address them. We hop right on top of them. That's what Jolly told Result because that's he's out of touch. He is so out of the loop that he's probably doing fruit loops back there in his orcas. He just doesn't got a clue. Good intentions, but you know what they say about that. No. Go to hell on the hand. What are they saying? A tisket of tasket. What's that in your basket? And 5.670560 and the Verizon Singator Wireless Long. QAM. Hello. Happy anniversary. Uh, right. Well, it's coming with nothing dies. Oh, they're the tardis. Smelling. You'll do it. Hello. QAM. That's it. They know what you're there. Oh, well, try another one. Well, QAM. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. I thought that lady, how she made a little forge there. Two. What? She made a little jack for its George. What what does that mean? The lady which she was in. Oh, she was talking about George wasn't so funny. I don't think that's what it was. She's talking about maybe some columns. I don't know the other jobs. Why? Like, I wore a joke. Okay. George is sucking all that carbon monoxide in your pick and on. Please, that was that it? It's too stupid to realize what the call was. Yes. Oh, is it? Well, I was excellent. QAM. Hello. And you? Yeah. The credits from acknowledge the artists. Okay. Great. Enjoy. Wow. QAM. Hello. QAM. Good morning, Mr. Amy. I'm not going to kick your butt about your anniversary because you know you demand. But secondly, you got to get that voice shredder. Yeah. Yes. We do. Let me do it. I bet if you guys broke out that voice shredder and then you guys took the post of what you're doing today, we get the real accuracy of information. You know what I'm saying? No. I can't information about what? Well, with the poll, I mean, the trade guys versus the gay guys, all that. The show is called Horses, the gay guys, the battle of the Indians, what does that? The straight guys versus the gay, something like WWE thing. Yeah, right? No, but maybe some of George's cohorts there could call in and really, you know, kind of speak the treat there's sort of speak. Some of the cohorts, so you pick it on the Holy Oze, you're going to get rid of this guy. I just an anti-Semitic guy. Some of George's cohorts. Pick an honor like that. Pick an honor like that. Let me tell you what you're going to do. Let me 25 on a full and 1236 in your heart. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Seriously, I'm just, I'm in a loss. But you're telling me, you're promising you're threatening me, then before the day is out that these dots are going to come back and I'm going to be real. This is chicken neck and the straight man don't have gay sex. Yeah, no. I didn't promise any such thing. You didn't. You said that they said the guy was coming in to work on it to look around. Kind of like Cecil Collins was doing that. Chicksley coming in the 6 window. He was just going in there to take a look, you know, just looking around. That's right. See if he could go down. Maybe a little squeeze, a little grand. Just depending on how dark brown or whatever. I don't know. How's five brown doing what? Who's five brown doing? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 and the, you know, and it's really something about the far thing and the kind of stuff I don't want to know. I don't want to know. Yeah. I'm just going to be streaming. People wouldn't believe it. They don't believe it. You told them the truth and they don't believe it. Yeah. The conversations we have. Right. Horse of art. And he's worried about stuff that's happening on this show. I'm going to tell you it's that the morning show is like three hours of can't we possibly. How long is it going to take before we lose the remnants of whatever is left over in a license. You know. So I'd like a endurance contest. How long can we keep this thing out here until they find it coming near your shut the door. You know, shut the transmitter off. But nevertheless. 111 points. Always very, or entertainment. You find out of kinies of life put out the night before I love hearing that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 and I'm sure she does too. What do you provide in signature? We have wireless wine. I beg your pardon. 50% every other night. You know, what I don't know. I don't really know. Okay. 1120 get an pull. If you ever been proposition by someone of the same gender. Yes, but I refuse. 566 almost half 40 about 45%. I've been proposition by some of the of same gender. Now, of course, I'm assuming that some of that might be just imaginary, you know. I'm going to have you ever met any gay guys. No. They don't, they don't mince words. They don't. They don't. They don't. They don't. They don't. They don't. They don't. They don't. They don't. They don't. They don't. They don't. They don't. How about a one way? No one. I don't care to be. I hate this pull 9.2% 104. Yes, I agree to it. And I liked it 81. Yeah, that's interesting thing. Because yes, I agree to it in like the 81. And yes, I agree to it. Heated it 31. So that's a fairly interesting to say, which I would say. Very right. Yeah. Nobody. Somebody would ask me 30. I'm gay and I did it with a straight person. 17. Would a man a straight proposition me 13? I beg your pardon. Hey, this is Angie straight man. Do not have K-6. I'm gay and I was refused by a straight 7. I'm gay, but I wish I could do it with a straight person. 4 out of 33. 4 on the floor. Is that what they're doing? No, I have my three. Some with super girl and bat woman. 4 on the floor. Yes. I see. 4 on the floor. Wonder why I'm going to the floor. I hope I get to pick the other straight. Me. God. Are you a former astronaut and feeling depressed? Irritable, irrational, and vengeful? Are you having difficulty adjusting from the highs of orbit to the lows of everyday life? Then you may be suffering from P-I-S-S-E-D, host initials face shuttle event disorder. The warning signs of P-I-S-S-E-D include wearing disguises. Rubber holes in plastic bag collecting. A sudden fondness for knives and pepper spray and the desire to take long car rides simmering in your own ex-retory fluids. If you suffer from any or all of these symptoms, you're not alone. Literally, ones of former astronauts suffer from P-I-S-S-E-D, host initials face shuttle event disorder. But there is hope. At the least of no access for the bat craft is saying, all of is it to get to help you need? Because no one wants to see you go through life being P-I-S-E-D. Except for the 24 hour news networks. Hey, this is the radio station for the bat craft and saying, and here's proof of the news. Let me copy this memo to the QM staff from Josh Daryl and Joe Bell. Me. Oh, Ray, Super Bowl. I think that's got the initial on there. Therence is initial and then Joe Bell, the scribbles on there. We want the entire staff to know how proud we are of this station for its performance during Super Bowl week. Everybody contributed from our host to producers, reporters on the field, tap offs, update anchors, freelance producers, promotions, the whole staff. Every single person busted their butt to make sure we had phenomenal program during the Super Bowl. Well, it seemed to me that the Super Bowl was a long time ago. I was in Berlin watching it through the three-and-a-more of the night. That's what I'm talking about. That was a great week. And we just wanted everyone to know how thankful and appreciative we are for everybody's hard work and commitment to our overwhelming success. And this is day to February the 5, like 23 days ago. You just found this, you're always wondering around in the halls trying to find a place to breathe. And I didn't. Oh, but you did found that. Yeah, you did find the memo. Well, that's most amusing. And of course, what is initial happening with sports? I think it's time for us to step aside, you know? I found no, too. It's here for 100 days. No, no, no, no, no, no straight sex. Hey, that's right, Carlos. Oh, absolutely. No, no, no, no, no straight sex. Hey, that's right, Carlos. Oh, absolutely. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Wow, no, no, no. Let them 47 on that pole. I just, you know, the fact that it's coming up to one o'clock, it's just it's staggered to one o'clock. I was so nervous. I was sure I should have had to rock him over here. It's not that far to my dentist. She could have come over here with all the equipment and drill, done the drilling right on the other side. So just a little scraping in the pick and whatever that is, you have the picking and the scraping and the bleeding and I'm, Now let me ask you something. Once the last time you had your teeth clean, I guess last year, try to do it. Okay. Now when you have your teeth cleaned, your gum is bleed sometimes. Well, what have an answer is that sometimes, you know, your gum is clean. They don't bleed at all sometimes. Wow. I ever had that early depends on the person scraping the, oh, whatever that is. I don't know what it, just a growth. Yeah. Now he's looking almost human. I still can't stand him. I wouldn't want to watch him. Well, be although he's in that whole green thing, you know, and he's a real activist now. I don't even press. No. 56070560 and pound five 60 and the Verizon singular. Wireless line. Oh, look at this. You won't believe this. If you live to be a million. Holy, moly rat man, it's a miracle. You got dots. Oh, and I just picked up and then said those strangest symbol. I have ever seen in my life. We can deal with that. Oh, we can. Yeah. Well, first of all, it's up doing that. You're hanging up on everybody. Okay. Do this. Do, I'm doing it. Click. Do this on the air. Yeah. Click on options. Oh. Configuration. Okay. And click on DD1 or something. Or DD2. What are we going to check DD1? Well, click DD2 then. Uh. Okay. And no, uh, press, uh, one of the, oh, okay. Let's see what happens. I'm pressed it and nothing happened. Line two. Oh, and I'll start there's the delay there. Hit it again. Hi, how you doing? Good. We're going to our phone back. Thank you. We got our phone back. Oh, a miracle. Yeah. All right. So, can see a week or so, go and recommend it to Capitol Grilled to you. And I missed your show on Monday. And I was wondering if you may have made it today. Thank you very much, you know, my friend. And I met there. We had a great time to meet with sensationally. Treat this rate and our super time was had by all. People were really nice looking in there. Were they not? Well, if you can't meet, I guess. Well, let's go. Yeah. Well, let's go. It's by the gallery a man. A people in the gallery. I can't believe it. It's like the living and breathing people are brawling. And who there must be some of them. Well, it's a family change to law. And the last, um, two years. Yeah. Yeah. And two. And there. So, um, I'm glad you made it in there. And Neil, let's have for 30 more. Yeah, let's hope for 30 more minutes. Thanks a lot, sweetheart. Thanks. Thanks for the capital grill. It was a sensational time. 1153 at 5.60 WQA and 5.67. This is just all of a sudden out of nowhere. Yeah. Can't believe that's in the flashing lights. Like a miracle. Oh, I think it's an active god of yes. Neil, god. Wow. Aren't you excited? Oh, yeah. Well, you're not too excited because you can really agree. Nearly. Nearly. Well, but nevertheless, 5.60. 7.0. 5.60. Come on. Now that the phone is working, we should get this thing smoking out when you think. Time to start smoking. Yeah. And so we got time for you. QA and hello. George, I got Neil's body. I called him. Come on. Don't worry. I'm home. Neil. Yes. Fireport. Driving up 95. There's no show. There's an 11-tard. Big silver on the side of the road. It's going to burn. That's a bird. Yeah. The bird's a fake in the bird's-crap is painted on. Yeah. And what about it? Just saying that the call I guess they give are honest. It's a pin, you know. That's it. Okay. Well, thanks so much, Janet. Great. Ah. Ah. Yeah. That must be Joel Kuh. Find Bruce Boyfriend calling in. Won't help, Joe. You're still going to have like, oh. Firstly, nothing. The dolphin had another losing season. And there's nothing on her eyes. And there's no playoffs. And all the other. Talkin' and talkin' and walkin' and walkin' to the edge of the plank, and whatever they're doin'. W-Q-A-M, hello. Hi, it's nerd. W-Q-A-M, hello. Good afternoon and congratulations. Thank you. I grew up listening to you. Wow. Okay. So I've been listening to you. Sorry, anyway. How old were you when you started listening to this awful? I've been on the bat. Twenty, three, a 24-years-old. I see. When I started listening to you. Yeah. And you were most interesting. Back then. You're in the, no, no, you're still on the bat. Okay. But, I mean, you kept us on our toes during the talk of the burning of liberty, so that kind of stuff. Yeah. You were working at night at that time also. Yes, I was. And I can watch it from my apartment. I can go in the sky in the background. I don't know if you were aware that you were mentioned by... How long was your, yes, we're aware of it. Okay. Yeah. You were saying that saying it's something that they had you marks the load that you had more influence that I've been on. Yeah. I used to be in the top 15. I was number 15 on that list for a couple of years. And I dropped it on the 69 because they figured it was, you know. That's right. You know, great. Stayed that you're back in town. What if anybody made by that? What do you mean I'm back in town? Because, do you say you were back in four-numbered? I was there for a weekend, yeah. You went back to Toronto already? Of course. You think I'm going to stay there more longer than a weekend? You wouldn't want to go back up there with that storm at the time. I figured you were for the storm to die down. There wasn't any storm here. Oh, you didn't get none of that stuff up there. No. We don't get no storms here. We're protected by the Lord. Well, I was up there not here. Toronto is a great city, so I can see why you're up there and not down here. Amen. Oh, I have a great good day. Good luck. And let's continue. I'm going long time to the center. Thanks, Mayor. Bye. Oh, there's a good guy, huh? Yeah. Never told us for a train. Let's go. 158 votes. I think we got a real good shot at 1200 today. Pretty easy. I think we're going to get a shot at the end of that. We'll slot into it. And pound five 60 of the Verizon. And sing well, this is really something. Getting these big business thing back on over here. I keep forgetting to look at it. You know, don't forget. Oh, don't forget to look at it. And the phone, too. 2 AM. Hello. Oh, I'm Gabriel. Yes, sir. Congratulations, Felicia. This is Radius, man. Hey, Radius. Oh, we haven't talked to you in about 400 years. I get to leave it. Wow. Well, me. Let me tell you. I'm 44 years old. I'm one of those that have been licking to you. My goodness before your Zeta days, when the thought gets them well, was 19, 20, 21 years old. Well, I wish you a nice meal. I can feel like it will start. I say that. Cortana will fart. And Neil, honestly, I have not missed many of your shows, man. I'm, uh, I could say when those, uh, loyal listeners of yours. And thanks a lot. And, uh, I hope, you know, you stay for a while longer, man. At least another hour. Thanks a lot, Radius. Very, very nice. Good morning for me. How do you like that? That is a real stock. When you know something this thing. Let me just try the bat lines. Just to test. Mm-hmm. Yeah, this thing is working like it's supposed to work. Oh, my God. Woo! It hasn't done that in months. It's exciting. It really, this is, this is so exciting. I could, like, rub my knee, catch the other. I'm going to take a suggestion for one of my close personal friends. I'm putting my blackberry between my knees now. And when it starts buzzing then, woo. Wow. Shut up. It's on the front. Yeah, I'm shoving it right down my pants. Right near my back. 1162 on the pole. Have you ever been propositioned by someone of the same gender? How about by anybody? Ha ha ha. By anything alive. Have you ever had sex with anything alive or close to it? Or even a small, like it might be alive? How about a toad stool might not be too bad? I can relate to that. A shaggy thing. This, this NSMBC pole man. I'm just, I don't know. Maybe I'm wrong. There's a pole. There's a pole. I'm not sure about how you ever paid someone for sex. No, he's about for sex. 15%. And we're talking about directly now. Not talking about this George thing where he wants to make it out because it's his is hatred for women. I'm very. I beg your pardon. I don't hate them at all. Well, just the ones that you've been in Boswell. Most of them. No. Some of them. Some of them. No. That's some of them. One of them. Okay. Well, we didn't say which one. He doesn't exactly the right word either. Oh, stop. But you stop. For like just simmering bitterness. It really is. It's boiling over. It's even seeping. It's even cutting through the thick fog in the studio. It's a carbonized side. And the tarfumes and all the other direct. It's cutting right through it. Like a sharp knife. Your hostility and hatred. And George is less than fraud. You punks out there. Don't ever get married. Don't listen to your pain. Don't do it. Don't give them the key to the apartment. Don't let them bring a toothbrush over. Don't. Yeah. I'm done. Okay. It's the secret to success. And have secret to a long happy lot. That's right. 1256 and QM and the phone is back. We're streaming on the internet. We're connected to something wrong. We have to do a drag strike in. And when I'm up in Boca, take a slap in all the women with pain. Then lips are in the pole. I listen to the Neal Rogers one or two. I mean, I listen to the Neal Rogers. I earn balance for the two hours. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Attention sport holes. Are you gay and hard all day? Make it stay the classic way. With new hard o' way. The entire act of oral Robertson hammer. Hello. This is Donna Meachie. Perhaps you remember me from such films with training places in Cacoon. I was excited to come back a life detail. You'll have to design exciting product design to unexcite you. Next time you're standing in the locker room. Surrounded by naked men. Just grab your lips around the pink. A guard shaped heart away in hairling. Before you begin to hate yourself, it goes around. And you'll soften to a viable mushroom. That pulls you to a confident and lead gap. Up on heart away and tie dead. And keep the bag of tow. The old dog strap just tank. What it used to be. Hide your heart away. One, all one at five, 60, WDQ. I'm just amazing. The things that are going on now isn't it? Like a technical, a Mahaya. And that's the things. Yes. Fumes are subsiding a little bit. Wow. Maybe it was like an endurance contest. You know? Still have a headache. You guys haven't been going through the last few months. It's like an endurance contest. If Neil can survive all of this crap and all of this stress and emotional angst, then we'll let him live or whatever. Whatever the deal is. Although there's no phones ringing right now at this moment. No. Look at that. Let me make sure that they're working. I think they had more fun when you could. Oh, they've actually do work. Yeah, they did. They liked that a lot. And I don't know if they work, but they drop. Here's a Billy Billy goat says. First off, happy anniversary from your chronic factor. I'm not gay, but I do like my girl. Oh, I see. Well, let's be sad to point. To be serious. He parted yet. No, I haven't seen it. Says you need to do. And floss daily. You, you to realize cracker is what it says. You don't realize. Okay. Well, thank you, Billy goat. What do you think? I don't know. But there's no lines ringing right now. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. How's that possible? In Pomp 5, 60 in the Verizon, singular, where is that? How's that possible now? I don't think they like it now that you have control of the film. Definitely not. Oh, there they go. Well, is that super-forminant delay that we got away over the thing is? See, when we need a formant delay, then it's like six seconds. And when we need a six second delay, then it's like four minutes. WDQ, I am. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. And this is a friend of yours by the radio. I was new for 20 years. Wow. I have no life as you know. And not in life. Well, because I've listed with one of you, it can't be too much. That's for damn sure. All right. And also, congratulations on your anniversary. I can't forget that date because it got my birthday. Wow. And that case, let me get that little dingling out for crying out loud. Wow, they're doing it. There you go. And I'm getting ready to move. I'm looking for a place to have no coil, proper cow, no pop-by chicken and no taco bell. I'll move it somewhere. Okay. Thanks. I have a good one. Good luck to you, pal. I hope you and all your white neighbors have a great time. What do we got on the pole? Where's the other? Where's the other? 1174. He's going to Sweden, maybe. Maybe he's going to Helsinki. But that's a great place. Helsinki. Finland. I sure love the deer. Harry and Hiley says, here's a nice facts. Have we anniversary, Neil? I've been a faithfulist. Since 1992, here's something I've found somewhat interesting. Assuming you worked 30 weeks a year. Five days a week for hours a day. I've spent a combined one year and seven months of my life listening to you and then he writes, I hope you'll have another 31 years. Well, best to all of us, Harry and Hiley. Any motion? I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm a motion on meds. I'm a basketball case. You know, it's just my nature. Lately, what's in your basket? WQ and not much. WQAM, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yeah, sir. I'm doing good. Oh, good. Listen, I got a question for you. You know, whatever happens, speaking of blue switch, what have happened to Elvis Presley Jr. Remember? Elvis Presley Jr. Yeah, I've been living around. What do you mean, you mean, from the show? Yeah. DJ. Yeah. Oh, he's long gone. DJ and DJ and that crowd that was their long gone. Well, once in a while, I would be out here for them, but I don't think we've heard from on this stage. Never, George. I got to an email or something. But it was a long time with DJ. Yeah, long time ago. He was good. He was good. The other question, Neil, is, what would you use? I would use it to obviously now stand in career. What would you favorite station that you worked for? What was the best year? Zeta. Yeah. Zeta was a blast. FM, living in breathing audience, man. Yeah, I think you're right. I think that was the best. Didn't like getting up at 430 in a morning, but I sure I had a great year there. And Dave was great, too. In the burn, the old nine yards. Yeah. And spite of what George has the bird was perfect on that show. Everything. We just had a good chemistry. It was good. A lot of fun. Hi, great. Josh, good. Well, listen. Thanks very much, too. Okay. Neil wakes me up and a more, come on. Let's hear that. Let's, I should say, well, let's stuff for tomorrow. I don't have, um, what? Well, a lot of stuff. Neil wakes me up in the morning. I'm on it. Neil wakes me up with a smile. I'll play that tomorrow. Zeta was a great year. And next to that, what would I say next to that? I don't know. I OD. Okay. Is that what I would say? I mean, yeah, we never heard this day. I was so I'll take your word for it. You never heard this day to show them. How could you not get bird so badly? No, no. Not came a dead. Speaking of high end. No, no. So when I had to listen to the year that you did on IOD with him, I had to listen to every single show. Oh, every single show is bad. Every good single. I think I take, I take responsibility for that. That was my mistake. Okay. That was my bad. No, no. Because he didn't start to see the bastard that he was. Well, it's just, it just, you know, doing a midday show on A. And wasn't the same as doing the morning show on F. I said, I'm not going to show him. I'm all, I'll throw you do understand. Well, I don't want to say it. Well, if I sound like I'm patting myself on the back of you, don't mean I'm a soft touch for everybody. That's just me. I'm a soft, hard and kind old, very old piece. That's right. That's right. And so 50 grand a year, he used to sit there in Cancill and that was it. He also, he could have just mastered your joke. You know, I think he would sit there and throw a tantrum. You did something that he didn't like when you were trying to make it fall back. And that day, we were talking a lot about the Cubs. It was, uh, whatever year that was. And about Harry, carrying all that stuff. Anything that happened to his force was, oh, see, it was kind of like everything is down reverse. And he ran around the buildings, sexually harassing the female health. Right. Well, see, and say all those now because the bird is dead. I was saying that when he was alive. Well, that's bad. That's really bad. All, of course, it's true. But we saw him. And listen, if you were him, now he had MS. So, okay. And he, you know, he didn't walk with a logist. Maybe toward the end. He had like a walking stick or anything. So those, those crutches, the two crutches. He did? Yes. Get out of that entire year. Okay. And I would be at two crutches? Yes. Not the ones that go under your arms that the ones that you grab onto with your hands. How could you not have noticed that? What are you talking about? Those hand crutches. You know, they attach to your forearms and you hold on to them with handles. And he walks every hand. Yeah, sure. It's sure it doesn't bring any bells with me. I mean, I know that he, uh, he wouldn't block the enemies. Female people escape with him. Every now and then he would fall down because he tried to do too much. And he was like, you know, a little over and then he's somebody who's trying to walk past and like a girl. He would block their progress with his crutches. He would throw, he would stick it up and, uh, and he would stick it up. One of the crutches and put it up against the wall so that they couldn't walk by. He would open, put him to walk, watch. I'm sure that I missed that. Yeah. For you are relentless man. The guy is dead. He did, we had a great year. And I grant you what I would do. He was a detriment. And that's why I had his ass cam because he was, he was, destroying the show. He's got these tapes. I don't want to hear the tapes. So what you want? I want to sit here and rip the bird. I don't want, I mean, you know, tomorrow is the anniversary day. And I'm sure tomorrow is going to be outpouring of love and sweetness. I'm sure that I'm, you just won't believe the stuff it's going to happen tomorrow. I can't wait. I don't think any of it's going to happen. Like the telegram, I'm at the, the FedEx. I'm going to get from Joe Bell in the station. Hey, I'm going to say, Niel. Thank you. So I'm not going to. And of course, I won't get that because it shows you how to do with Florence. He did record a message for you though. How bad he did. Okay. Oh, he's just juggling. Oh, he, he, he. Of course, great man. Never have day six. Oh, whatever you say. Ha ha ha ha ha. No, that wasn't him though. So why, that was really him? No, of course not. Of course not. That was, that was chicken act doing Joe Bell. And boy, I can't wait to see chicken act doing Joe Bell. Should, we got the pictures. We'll have a real tune in audience for that. If we get on channel six. Oh, I'm sorry, an NBC six. That's how they did this on for this NBC six. Excuse me. And when I was there for the weekend, I got to see a lot of, it's like, you know, changing bobbleheads on the weather and on the news. No, these other strange people I've ever seen before. And the one thing in channel set on least, it's consistent. It's consistently gay like that, you know. I think that's a pretty requisite. You have to pass some kind of a litmus tense. Oh, they have a test all right. You have to switch. Yeah, a better this. And you have to switch your way through the doorway. First thing, first they drop the soap. And then is that what it is? Oh, and then show you got to the entire staff. Show your staff. Don't be knocking the bird. Now that your on Zado was a lot of fun. And then after that, I mean, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I go through this whole thing of picking and choosing, you know? Right. I don't think that reminds me of, I was suddenly this last week. We were having one of our heart-tarr chats before the show. When you're trying to keep my brains unscramble to, whatever. And it's like friends, you know, I'm not one of those people that rates my friends. You know, well, the song so is my best friend. So it's just to me that's awfully childish. You should not, but it usually works out that way. What do you mean by that? There's usually someone that you like best and that you spend the most amount of time with and then second. Well, then what do you mean? The fact that you like somebody that best does mean you're spending the most amount of time. Well, exactly, but maybe it might mean you'd like to spend the most amount of time with them. Oh, that doesn't mean that you have that opportunity. Great. See what I'm saying? Yes. But I, I don't allow myself to do that. Well, you know what? That's a lie. But you shouldn't do it, but everybody. Well, I know. I try not to do it, but it's human nature. You had it all right. Why did I say that? Why do I even say such stupid things? Because you have a four hour show and you got to kill it. I guess so. I don't know. I thought I'm holding you the hour, better than anybody else, but it's just, it's just not something that I, I try to avoid it, but you can't help by doing, you know. Right. But who knows? It's 11 past one. It's 560WQMD. Oh, I hate that station. Good bye, I O.D. The Memories are all that's left of a station. That once had been and for AM that was quite a clear. Cox and tax and were insane. To blow it all in, when they build those condos and blocked that tower off, you'll be lowered out into your grave. And you were great at one time, but now you sound more like a signal drifting in the wind. And you'll never see numbers you can sell again. Yet clear channels what they're doing for show they've been. But no one was listening anymore because they really speak. The sky eye O.D. Let go of Reggo. Skip the blueprint, the rest of that retardity. That remains a practice of regime. But it's clear to see that despite all their core, prevent and make this thing in high. The fact without feeling got it crappy, you. And you were great at one time, but now you sound more like a signal drifting in the wind. And you'll never see numbers you can sell again. Yet clear channels what they're doing for show they've been. But no one's listening anymore because they really speak. That's a loop. Okay, 117 and 560 WQA. And it's our pre-adversary. This kind of like the warm up for tomorrow. I think you're right. Now that we got my phone and the dust back on here. Not that I'm calling. I know. That would be too easy. And I thought I can actually see what's going on. We don't have to go this way. Just to pull out the process. That's why I guess the trust and process. That would outwork. Maybe another drink. God. Anyway, in between during the break. I'm thanking a lot of people on the MySpace page or heavy anniversary. But I'll be better with about thanks, Judy. And thanks Sean and whoever else. A whole bunch of people. And see I don't want to be like Kurt with them because my name is Neil. I don't want to be Kurt. But nevertheless. But you can see. You can see. I'm going to back and thanks in the take care. Now what am I going to? I just don't have time during the break to sit around like, you know, paragraphs and paragraphs. There's only select people that are like long books to, you know. And I really should stop doing that. I've never less had killed some good time. 11 out. What is it? 11 out. And the pool. We got 1200 like that totally Chris. We got to lift. Yeah. We're looking at. We're looking at. Like working a popsicle, you know. Oh, you know, they speak into that. And that. You know, Chuck Barris documentary that they had on. I forgot all about the popsicle twins, which were eventually the girls that destroyed the Gong show. Really? You remember that? Yeah. This is these two teenage girls came out with with popsicles, the long and thin kind. Yes. The ones that look kind of tubular. And they proceeded to chew. Eat them. I see. And it was, you know, pornographic. But the, you know, the local popsicle ran on that. That's right. Both of them. One of them was outrageous. And then everyone had a heart attack about it. And Chuck Barris didn't want to apologize or be contrired or anything like that. He told them to go at themselves and that was the end of the day. tinha of Jugend Jacques in Beverly Hills, like the movie sini, the playwright Khal and Phth playwright Khal in the playwright Johnson. I get this $5000 compliment 176 per cent before us today. So they in nothing enough. So there is no reason we want to win the playwright Khal and I keep giving a try for great performance. The drama Okay There's No Family Blake, director of the House, head of www.Coartosco.com Oaks and Social like, it's like on my birthday every year. You know, back when I was there, of course, now I don't get nothing, you know. But on my birthday, you see it like maybe half a dozen cards and then like four or five of them be from women and we hardly have any female audience. But women are more likely to say like, can't be in a nursery, happy birthday, you know, give you little, but guys are like, oh, gee, that's so clean, I'm clean, you know, I don't want to touch that much. I don't want to. Correct. I know that. But that's okay, I can handle it. WQA and hello. I'm there. Again, that's the problem. That's the beta by existence after 31 years as you. WQA and hello. Well, yes. Yes, sir. Got a question. Yep. Where's her now? Great call, pal. WQA and hello. WQA and hello. We have, we have. WQA and hello. No, good morning. They're going after no one. Did you miss her? Yes. Did you ever play that crying shame song? Did we replace? Yeah, but the roof is warm. We don't have it. We don't have it. I may have that album laying around, believe it or not. I used to love that fan. But what do you see, man, have that album you mean the record? I had the actual album. The record got to play it on. Oh, our god knows anymore. I was right. Exactly. I'd have to put it on a CD somehow. The god's record player, I guess. But they have converters. They used a tour of what a band called the Robbs. Do you remember them? No. That was another very good band from the Midwest and those guys. Robbs? Yep. My old BPS. It could be where in love by the crying shame. It was also good. Now it was good. There were a few good songs in that album. So I had a reddish cover. That's all I could remember. Remember that? Yes. I remember it was only 100 years ago. That's about right. Anyways, congratulations. Thanks, pal. Yeah, they have converters. How they convert a record into a, what a CD. Also, in your picture if you want. Yeah, but they have the self-contained. No, not in any pictures. Or you could just plug your turn table if you have one into your computer. Turn table. What's that? Well, that's right. If you're a hip hopper, you got a turn table. Now we're talking. Although they have that for CDs now. WQAM. Hello. Happy 30. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. No. Yeah. What did I say? WQAM. Hello. Doctor, can you tell me about felting? Now, there's a guy that's been listening a long time. Hello, Doctor. I've got blue lips. Doctor done. And then of course, there was a felting lady in all that. Do we? We don't have that no more do we? Do we? We have her daily. Oh, yeah. That was interrupted. The felting lady. But of course, we don't got it no more because it was probably on one of those artists that were pressmen made us destroy over. Packs and IOD. I think I just popped a pee. Well, I don't do that very often. I'm not going to put this on. Pop the pee. It's not good. Especially when you get to be my agents easy to pop a pee. Or something even more dangerous or pop a pee. I don't want to be doing that because then Joe Bell will be on that with Norma Ken. Well, it looks like the two of them are at war with each other. Something. I'm being honest to me. I'm only supposed to be the client. You know what I'm supposed to be in the answer? What's that? The market is down another 500 points. Where is that from yesterday? Well, that's yesterday. They're showing the click from yesterday. And a lot of people are going to be committing sausages. Where it was down 505 or whatever. And they got this bitch on that. I mean, this is a broad honor talking about it. Where the hell is the CNBC that they move it? They must have moved it on my cable, which is good because I don't want to see the gambling channel. Well, I'm going to do the Canadian one. What does it say? Well, while you're looking for it. Yes. Hey, this is the shell and straight man do not have gay sex and if they do, they mean third gay. Oh, God. Well, at least we got something. Yeah, I was some of the people on the staff to have something to do today. Got them off their ranch. That's good. They strike guys out there. Don't be concerned with no fact because that means you're gay. Beyond the shadow of a dog. Don't be like a little hanky spanky because then everybody knows. Hey, WQAM. Hello. Only if. Hey, it's nice. Okay. Two of that we didn't get the real stand on. Think of how we didn't. What are how my two grand is coming from stand? Oh, my. You're already interested in that. I would think so. Probably worth a million. So how do I answer? Hello. How are you? Why did you chop him? I didn't. Chris. What are the things with that? Why did you do that? He was going to say hello, doctor. Come on. Quit the insolub type man. I think you're taking directions from my Jersey Jolly Joe Bell. Just relax. Okay. Right. WQAM. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? Great. You've got it all the way from Beverly Hills Florida. Miami and I picked up the hallway. Beverly Hills Florida. Yes. We're going to go with coast in between Tampa and Orlando. I never heard of that. Nice and quiet. I bet. Because nobody ever heard. One language. Uh-huh. Speeding ways. But I wanted to comment and congratulate you. And that you know that I've been listening to you for 3, 4, 8. So probably since I've been about 15 years old. Oh, my God. Wow. Oh. That is scary. So thanks for keeping me company on my July. Thanks for calling sweetheart. And have a good one. See you in Beverly Hills so I can find it. Okay. You were here at Beverly Hills Florida. Never heard of that. Never. Well, of course, as you were here, learn something. This is such a damn educational showman. It's kind of a scary when you come right down with. I'm not all excited about that. Then it's thing that I didn't know. We don't have to be excited about it. You know what bothers me about a more than anything else is it takes so damn long. Right? Right. I mean, I got a good dentist here and his high dentist or whatever you call him. She's very good. The brother cleans your teeth. But good. You just seemed and then you start your laying there with your head back and you're thinking you're starting to like count by the teeth. You know, right? You know what I mean? In other words, you let see. She's got the upper right ones done. Now she's going to go into middle and all. It's just it's a long TV's process. But it keeps you teeth nice and sparkling clean in. You got that pepsid and smile and everybody says, hey, look at that old queen. No, they don't. W didn't run like hell. WQAM. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Happy 31st from some blind A.O.L. Up in dear field, peace. They want you to know the gay men do not have straight sex. I'm right. All right. Thanks. See, even hours are doing on that now, too. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Happy anniversary. Thank you, sir. Hey, Neil. I got a quick Q-story on a sub-in-talent one and say, for a while. I got a five-year-old daughter. I took a day off one time and go from work and I was listening to you before I took a day care. I went to pick her up. My teacher tells me, why is it you saying, don't be so he's doing it. Don't be so he's doing it. All right. See how though. Don't be so. Okay, now I'll look at you. That was funny. Excellent. Hey, but I'll do it now. I got your tapes right here, but he keeps your keep George in the summertime. Okay, guys. See you. On the summertime, we're talking about it, too. Yeah, we share all my George out. I was Monday, Wednesday, and Friday is when I'm only working two damn Thursday in the summer. And so, those tapes on, in fact, tapes at Joe Bell farting is well. Oh, a lunge, so you're so big. Let's just see the girl we're shopping at the moment. Never has a big bottle of applause. Just twist it. Perfect. You. He's living in the basement and his parents' place. And Bernie's family still is at the audience. He's a face he's taking a free seat. And the shirt still fake. He was on the catcher, Fred and the run and be seen. Brad's invited is free. He's on his wife's face page. He's a girl's talking dirty talking. Fred's man. A girl's talking dirty talking. Fred's man. I want to come home and bring the beef in hot. It's in the infall-free, the dirty new. He's on his computer with his fruit of the food. Trying his for and all the chat rooms. And the naked pictures run with my mind cams. There if you like you may be here to go to the square. He's a very troll with a very long, easy girl's talking dirty talking. Fred's man. A girl's talking dirty talking. Fred's man. I have access to my mom's country's square station wagon all weekend. Maybe we can take a ride. Yeah, let's take a ride. Yeah, make your skin crawl. This guy named is full involved. You're on his own free. He's a tall old sking. He's a girl's talking dirty talking. Fred's man. A girl's talking dirty talking. Fred's man. He wanna make some movie with me. I got a great collection of foreign movies. And I star in most of them. But I'm alone in it. You look so hot. You look great stuffed in my closet. With a black apple in your mouth. Flex to go a vacation in the tall land. Fred's lady was saying, but said, I'm a boy man. He's living on their friends making one of them. He's a girl's talking dirty talking. Fred's man. I feel I'm talking dirty talking. Fred's man. All right. It's a 133. That's our kind of guy. 1203 on the pole. We made our 1200. Chris, right, is done. And you're left forearm. Now, what is this thing you've asked me about to the buteard levels in the explosion? Why did you send me that? Oh, because they said, but somebody had to be that. But it doesn't say but it's buteard. Apparently originally was in the paper, whatever without the E. See, let me, let me explain to you. The thing that you fact me is the buteard TTE. The buteard. We just brought up on the list. That's us. Anyway, nobody cares. I said, but back to them all, brother. Here's a postcard. I would only tell you a fact to me. It says in your knee, I trust him. Pray this card will make it to you last Saturday and Delray Beach. A senior citizen on Atlantic Avenue Swirb. Hidden in bank. But when airborne snapping a telephone pull in half, finally, your car landed on its side in a school yard, which was empty luckily. The area was a buzz with fire tracks, police cars and curious odd lockers. The upper portion of the telephone is just dangling, supported by the wires. The whole scene looked ridiculous. This is South Florida, baby. It says, and then is it signed 10? Is that what it says there? I can just barely make it up. It's not. That's just bleed through from the other side. It was bleeding. Let's say it is bleeding. Oh, look at that. I must have our equipment. But it's bleeding over here. You must have been getting in the show. Thank the Lord, man. Just count your lucky stars. Count your blessings. This has been a day. I would wish on hair mongering on Greg Reed on. Adolf Hitler on Steven Harper and George W. Bush put together. Follow six end of full and not too bad, not Chabby. But finally we got our dots back on the phone. We got our connection. We all the after that last time. We got that we haven't. I probably shouldn't give us a canary. We still got 25 minutes to go. Right. And I can breathe. And George can breathe again. I like that. They finally put the exhaust on and they sucked that all the carbon and we're not said they were trying to suck it in there. They tried to kill us and destroy the show and they couldn't go. I'll be here tomorrow. I'll make no mistake about it. I will survive. WQAM. Hello. I'm Jedi. WQAM. Hello. Yes. I was calling Neil. Speaking. I'll know. I'll know. I'll know. Okay. This is O'Neill. Well, at the risk of being a chronic. The last time I talked to you was over local, majored, service. And the evening time. Do you remember that? Local majored service. What does that mean? That means that you were doing topics. And that was the telephone company about ready to charge us with local majored service. And you were on a very late night show. Yeah. What? That's a long time, huh? Yeah. It's about 100 years ago at least. That was about 25 years ago. I want to wish you a very happy anniversary. Thank you. I'll be here. I'll be sitting right on my fat ass. Thanks, pal. Ciao. I'll read it. Do we? Tootsins. Dos Fedanya. It's over. WQAM. Hello. Get from 31. Now, why did you chop him? What is what are you doing to these people? What is wrong with this kid? I don't know. He was going to say it puts 31 years in the basket of something like that, which is harmless. And you're chopping everybody up. We're not going to have any calls on here tomorrow because they're going to go, and Chris is going to like, I'll shut the pot and then George is going to grab it and smoke it. Why did you do that? I first had sounded like it was going to be a chronic, so I apologize for that one. He is a chronic. That's his one line. That's all he ever. In fact, this might have been a different one. I don't know. Don't be so off-tight. Just because you're fat now. I'm fat too. I've been fat all my adult life. But I'm not near it when I take it back. I'm more up to it than you are. Especially with all the goings on today. I mean, just every aspect of my life is like in a tiny used to leaving in the room every now and then, like in my bedroom, touchy rules. It's a little too, too rules. Yeah, although I would say more like when he used to leave. And I'm not in the house, though, thank God, in the backyard. That's been the way everything has been today. Just not good. But now all of a sudden, we're making this big comeback. This and tell, look at that. I just got so excited. I pulled out what he called that thing. The incident replay thing with the stuff or not. Oh, you're right. You're sheets. Yeah. I just said it flying. See that's because I'm so whipped up now. I'll get my teeth clean. You know what was that? The clips are setting. QA and hello. Neil. I hear. Great. I wanted to just wish you happy anniversary. I've been listening to you like that. I was like, like, I waited for. I since I was 16, but I think I'm a little younger, which is 1987. And you're great, man. I am great. Yeah, that's really all there's to say. And you're great too, David. The fact, the, the, go ahead. I don't know if you play it yet, but I, I need to just close with this one. Thanks and sit and he's up coming. Happy, boom. Okay. Bye. See, yeah. He's right. It is coming up very soon. In fact, you can have all the homensage that were intended for me. Happy, boom, happy, boom, happy, boom. Thanks for calling. I'm not the topioking. Don't take any bulls. I'm in. He was so great. Yeah. And your mother also. Thanks for calling. Happy, boom. And now she's in the ground somewhere. Is that a strange thing? Yeah. That's the way the Lord works in mysterious ways. Good people. They croaked in, of course, the nasty horrendous people. They go on forever and ever and just like to tell. Take out her stand. You know how's he going to croak already? You know what's going to happen here? Any mole about that? No mole. I wonder why. Oh, there's some flat this morning. He made a phone call. Somebody said he had a flat. Yeah. I've been, I've been, he's got a flat right now. It's probably not always got as a flat. 12, 12, maybe that's a sensational number. We got 12, 12, it's on the pool. The most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. Yeah. That's that. Oh, they did that. And no. That was full. Oh, you're wrong. That's full full full full. Staring at my door. Oh, we're sick of the time. Out then, good play games. Can keep the eyes of high behind. And insisting that they're not doing. Yeah. You got to hide your heart away. Yeah. You got to hide your heart away. Now it will start to finally die. That's straight. They will buy men who call up upon men. This is called old. Say, don't mind me. I am. No, go see your just for whole will. Having fun with the boys. In the north, no room I hear. Boy, boy, boy, boy. Boy, boy. You got to hide your heart away. You got to hide your heart away. Five, five, sixty, seventy, cue. I am. Twenty, seventy, vote, set a full. I can't believe we made it. We're just about to finish up. Holy, molded. It's like an endurance content. Yeah. We're hitting this jointly. I don't know what's going on. I mean, we finally, we're streaming. We only had six minutes. We came back up. What about how it was? You're streaming. We're streaming. I'm streaming. We got the phone thing is smoking over here. And you got your internet connection back over there. And what, what, what, what, what, what could you want? You know, this? This is George. Straight men do not have gay sex. WDQAM Hello. Hello. Hello Neil, this is the spokesman. What a wish you had been a nursery. Oh, the spokesman. Okay, BM. Take a good BM. WDQAM Hello. Hey, let's continue with my mom. I'm about to start. I'm still listening to you. I'm a job in a nursery baby. Thanks, pal. I'm a baby. I'm a baby. I'm a baby. I'm a baby. I'm a baby. I'm a baby. I'm a baby. Oh, man. This way, tell them all. You ain't to, this is only a warm up. This is just a little pre, a little pre-forum playing. Can't wait. Yeah. WDQAM Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Good. Kootabovey Daddy. Kootabovey Daddy. Me. Surprise. WDQAM Hello. Hey, congratulations, King. Thank you, sir. Kootabovey Daddy. 31 years. I was just going to suggest perhaps one of these days if you've won the race for charity, option you on and easy to watch in the godfather with you and now with special commentary. I think the place to go through the roof. Yeah, there you go. Okay, I'll work on that for my 85th birthday. I'll think about it. Oh, wait a minute. Who could this be on the bat line? Kootabovey. Oh. Who that was that? There was somebody on the bat line. Probably somebody really important too. Well, who the hell could that have been? Could have been Stan Nature. Must have been somebody really important. And I just, and once the late kids is up and I realize I'm, I'm, got my eye peeled for a so to speak. There was somebody caught on a bat line. I don't know why because, you know, maybe we've premature evaluation. WQAM Hello. Kootabovey. Yes, sir. Happy anniversary. I'm so glad I got to have a turn to catch you for 20 minutes. This Rickshaw. Get out of there, Rick. I swear, man. The 31 years. You don't have to put a new in me. We got 87 years on the radio on this. 87 years on the radio. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. We're alive. We're alive. We're alive. Well, you're going to be chronic. Now, this is good. I like this. No, no, I'm in sure anniversary. You don't be on my chronic. I listen, but I don't call the lecture's a reason. 31 years is a reason. I think you've called me like four times in 31 years. That's not chronic. No, not really. Okay, okay, we're all last week. We don't need to operate. Okay, go ahead. We've got a smooth operator, Sarah Vaughn. Soon, the radio was by Sarah Vaughn. Yes, the original version, 1859. Smooth operator. It's a good song. I like that. I love it. You asked about it earlier this afternoon. I don't even know. I don't even know. I thought you were going on vacation or something. I don't know. I'm just back with you in Hawaii. You just got back last night. And how was it? Oh, Hawaii. If you go to Hawaii, you have a bad time. It's your own damn form. That's right. I've been there six times before. Last time's a long time ago. I would love Hawaii. It's a beautiful place. It's like paradise. God's comfort. Absolutely. And so how long you're going to continue with your thing? Before you find that. There are in the process of looking for a replacement. And I'm kind of hanging there until that happens. Yeah. Don't do it, man. I got too kneel to be here. Don't do it. First keep. Just keep spinning those oldies. Man, until you're croak right on the air. We're both going to do it. We can. In fact, we never signals any is death on the air. We can promote that all get a 90 share. Good. Got it. You have to get it on the air. Thank you. Thank you, sir. Ricky, take a shot. I have feeling he called and all of the eight men went away till tomorrow because who the hell's going to get through tomorrow? Right. I say that like you really believe that. It'll be ringing on. It'll be ringing. Maybe the foads will be ringing for me and my gal and me and my pal was that awful song. The bells are ringing for me. What do you remember that? Yeah. There you know. I did a little song. Come on. 122 votes. Sarah Vaughan and the smooth operator. The original. I mean he's been on for what he say 187 years. Yeah. He wouldn't know. WQAM. Hello. This is. WQAM. Hello. QAM. I can speak to another place. Speaking. Speaking. I know. Yes, sir. Happy anniversary on about 30 and why do I call you on the day of my birthday. Is this your birthday? Yes, sir. Oh, everybody. See everybody wants to wish me a little something. I'm a little something. Yeah. I've been listening to me. I'm the FM. That day, I'm an FM. Thank you. Excellent. And have a good weekend, pal. Okay. Nothing wrong with a good. There's a holler. Oh, there's a vent line again. Might be somebody important. QIM. Hello. Neo Rogers. Yes, sir. Joe Castelo. You know, it dawned on me when I saw that really before. I wanted to say I bet you but he's your castelo. Well, that is a human. I've been truly, uh, psychic. Yeah, I am. Well, who else has got this line? Thank you, Joe Castelo. Happy anniversary. Thirty years. You've been in the business almost as long as I am old. No, I haven't been in the business 30 years. I've been in Miami 31 years. You're going to get with it with a whipper snack or I've been in the process of 47 years. 40, 47 years, man. You know what that means? It means I'm old. Ancient. Any advice you'd like to impart to us, uh, young. Yeah, stabbing the business. stabbing the business. That's my advice. In your case, too late. Are you still doing that sort of thing on the SM? Yes, I am. Yes, I am. Very excited about that. Very news. That's, uh, I don't do one way. You sound fun, exam. And it's kind of fun. Are you serious? Yes. But you will be soon. I have things going on. Are you serious? Yes. But you will be soon. I have things going on. Yeah, that seems to be the situation. If that thing goes through, that's going to double your reach instead of seven men, you need to have four team men in people out there. Number one market in the country, if you think about it. There you go. Uh, uh, tornado warning issued for East Broward County. Oh, I'm just seeing that on CNN. Bad news. Watch out for the tornado, man. And those ways are going to say it's Broward blows. But we already know that. Well, listen, Joe, uh, vestalucties always. You too, and you know what? Again, congratulations. I don't know how you do it. That's it. I can't blast half as long as you. I will be so real. There you go. Take care, Joe. I know that was Joe Costello. Somehow I just had that feeling. I wanted to say that I didn't say it. And then it would make me seem pressured. You know, right. He always got warning issued for East Broward. Great. Now again, there is the no visual confirmation on this possible tornado. Yeah, just that we put a loop. We put a lot of it. The storm is approaching the road to you. It's fine, from it. But the last please be fine. Nevertheless, please be advised. Governor yourselves according to the show. Hope it don't blow the gallery away. I sure like that. It's day before the fire of each house. You're prepared. I've five to two. W-U-A-N. No one sounds crazy but she drinks small pans. And she eats. B-A-N. Nicole Pardis, Black and Rastana. Absolutely. Half a lot of people are losing their game. And the judge, she was so proud. Oh, I. My daughter's game is real. She's getting like the sounds of the young. My daughter's game is real. She's getting like the sounds of the young. She wants to get high. She wants to drink and smoke and get stir. Oh, I. She doesn't sell me. Oh, yeah. My daughter's game is real. Oh, I. She wants to drink and smoke and get stir. Oh, I. Oh, I. She's getting like the sounds of the young. My daughter's game is real. Oh, I. She's getting like the sounds of the young. Bye bye bye.