A lot of like half-nittle boy Sounds like a boy It's not every time he's seen It's the way God wants to speak wants to take a city and cover it and sleep Ray Nagan can Ray Nagan can Ray Nagan can Ray Nagan can because he wants to make you all a least Peace be And I don't care what people are saying Because he's a genius We are black people It's coming down the top Show the God his man He compares the boat with the blue whale We walk upon Stop taking care Take care Yes, Ray Nagan can Take care Ray Nagan can because he wants to make you all a least Peace be Peace be It's a blast that comes together It's a blast that rebuild a new world The one that should be Up down All way out with a hole This city Will be chocolate A chocolate in the wall Ray Nagan can Ray Nagan can No I can Ray Nagan can Because he wants to make you all a least Peace be It's a blast that comes together Ray Nagan can Ray Nagan can No I can Ray Nagan can Because he wants to make you all a least Peace be You can't have the wall There's no other way No other way It was It was It was It was so chocolate And there's the candy man For it's a 10 or two It's 560 WQA Let's go to an all-eyons It was a toilet before Katrina And now it's a real toilet And because he did such a pathetic Embarrassing job And not all those people go to the convention center The stadium And because he did such a stupidity job He had been browning browning Out of both have been Tardin feathered Run out of town Browning Hey we got some tarfor That's right We got the tar as you bring the feathers We got the tar baby But anyway We watched get let's start with that again You know I mean I hear this because it's all in dark folks in all-eyons And America doesn't care about dark folks or black folks brown folks Pof folks Let's go to pof folks I'll get the arrest tube you get to white tube Okay Are they still in business pof folks? I haven't seen them for a long time Wow boy Maybe that's maybe that's all we got around the end Optimist And things are looking up man Here's the pole from yesterday On the best news of all just even though I lost my answer would buy me some No good machines man Oh, we were other Who? Not good But anyway I was about to say oh yeah the good news Really the news 130 Yeah Hurricane's warm up at 130 because we got to get the half hour and I see this lot of spots in that half hour So that's all I care about Those we get a lot of spots in there We can get that hurricane pregame show and who the hell wants to hear the arrogors till to a clock And we sure don't want to be here till to a clock Do we? No no way Jose So hurricane warm up at 130 Hands in Maryland at 2 at the ACC attorney in Tampa Oh I think your carousers over there right now Hyperventilating Papa Papa We chose a gackie and of course everybody knows There's a gackie stock But anyway that we got to after the ball game the power hour with Hank all by himself Because again mad dog ain't coming in for you know for half an hour A high paid guy like him big shot Next Jack showered naked with the boys he's sure not coming in for a half hour by himself So the power hour with Hank after the ball game and then the Hank till 630 See if we had a program director and any brains he wouldn't call it the power hour Because if there's only one person there, it's got a just he's an idiot But then again he's a defense good ball game Then you got your pants is PB with 630 the pants is that the pathetic filled with off your flyers That's seven o'clock tonight That's again the pants is ought to be able to win in fact blindfolded without their skate time The flyers suck I mean I hate to put it in such real test terms but the fire fire fire fire is blow Here's the pull from yesterday's show That's right yesterday we're working for four hours I don't like that in the market of course the good news is the ratings the a trends I saw nobody's ever in January Even though it's already the march tonight tomorrow, but it's because those first two weeks of January there's no ratings Right and so when you get to these early in the year trends are like pushed back so it's Whatever it is anybody care about those all I'm sure the morning shows going to be watching that very carefully They're gonna have their eye out like you know Columbo and Sammy Davis are gonna come and eye on it Since Yale always offers us good advice if I if I was gonna offer Neil one piece advice would be 1353 votes and Neil doesn't need advice he knows it all for 136 almost a 30 the audience thinks that I know it all Only if I if it will if only you know I mean yeah Don't ever retire to 22 well I'm not gonna retire. I'm gonna keep working till I cook but normal can't doesn't know that and Joe Bellas know that and the beeslies don't know that But that's what I've been telling people I'm staying here. You know something even if they don't put the show on I'm gonna keep becoming here and doing show every day Even if I'm just talking to myself and some days I feel like I'm anyway What make the move to satellite 2115 okay, I'm moving right now. I'm on a chair. I'm rolling a little bit. I'm making a move. Okay, I'm making a moving my chair. Oh look at that Stay the hell off my space 161 there are two chances of that happening much less than none and zero in my sensitivity I enjoy my space. I got some wonderful friends on there and you know, well then I had one guy with a he's I look at the you know when people asked to be added We have 255 56 friends And when I had to be at it I was the one thing I do is I look at the profile if it's on like 13 year old kid I deleted immediately if it's anybody under rate and then there's this one guy I figure was an empty barber some crap And he's got a swastika on there. You know, it's a profile. Well, gee, how come you haven't added me uncle do you about because you're a Nazi ambassador We already got Nazi batches running the country. We don't need the Nazi batches on our micepace page. You Nazi best start real you Stay off my space 161 no chance stay off the ice cream. Maybe I've been doing that very well And by the way, one needy two to there backslided I backslother found not because I ate anything he backs sludge just I backslother. What's the water thing you know the water balance? When said time of the month in our retain water. I say 80 that's what I'm told say I'll get there believe you me trust me when I tell you I will get there. I'll be that in fact the next time I come down there. I'll be like in a one low. Maybe one 70 is I'm going to be so slim. I'll be just discussing over guard. I'll be discussing I'll move back to money 59 there is no chance there isn't a chance in a hill if somebody gave me a certified check from million dollars and said okay You already got a house here in plantation just move back. I would say uh-huh. No, thank you Ask the cameo v. and goodbye return now 54 retire no Go straight 51. Oh, yeah. I hit this pull 47 only 3.4% and stop gambling. I would actually heat it that that's way down there in the bottom if more of you would have voted for that You could say me a lot of money yesterday And believe me it breaks my heart because that money could have gone towards something a lot more constructed toward many things I've been working stock of anything but it just would buy much of things of it Are you lunatics you may need of course nobody drug me out there. You know nobody drag me 28 votes for stock gambling out of 1353 so that's yesterday's but to the heard Doug Thompson's commentary day from capital Hill blue You know what the headline is I give up burn in hell Mr. President. Oh right. Yeah, not nothing he knows angry or no You know Doug Thompson misses his words a lot of people immense like freaky carlowe stuff there at the front desk 827 votes on a days poll Chris you can relax even though we get out of here earlier 130 all look at this they made Rob hammer hand the anchor now And see a strip surracht a surface know it's right for late because there's a lot of ladies out there in a lot of queens you know who are just all obsessed with Rob He looked pretty good there today. Probably got a lot of makeup on If they made into an anchor I mean why waste his talents in the front of the weather map, but he can be sitting there like staring right in the screen Oh, Rob you know like that. He's he's all right 820 in fact I wouldn't be surprised at the guy with the eyes gave up his David Cassidy blow up down a little Rob hammer hands the anchoring on CNN 827 votes on a poll what do you miss most about your youth now have we added this one that we haven't rons his my stamina And he says not just for sex. I can't stay away past 10 o'clock anymore says wrong Yeah, as you get older you don't be not one of those people stays up till the wee hours of the morning. I just don't can't handle that not good All right First stand on a for sex. I'm not really sure I know what that means, you know Maybe he needs some of that you know medication we advertise all the time some of the medication that we have 80 million spots Right once that I keep getting all this spam all brother if I don't get at least 4,000 spam emails for that stuff every day ED problems. Yeah, I got your ED ED atoms ED Gorm if you're I'm trying to think who it was I once said that called ED Gorm a ED Gorm But anyway, what do you miss most about your youth we? 838 votes isn't amazing. I read all these stupid things say you might argue punk stuff They're argue young people when you get to be an old fossil like me you remember all this stupid crap And you wish that you get out of your mind. You know clear you wish you clear your memory So that you knew you know where your dress was and where you let the keys and where your card dot parts stuff like that Although you have to worry about Florida where your cars park because you get one of them flower antennas my have one of those Everybody off Huh, what if everybody else is the same flower? But it's not the same one you get your own unique flower And then you know where you're parked the car. I want to hide biscuits Miss most about your youth sex with young people my own age on ridden 70. What's wrong with sex people not my own age? I'm wondering about that Being irresponsible had no real consequences on ridden 42 But when I sure wish I could turn a clock back man and be irresponsible my body 125 yeah my body when I was younger wasn't yeah was okay and certainly a lot better than this and now that I'm losing this weight You know when you get old you don't exercise even when even if you do exercise You get all this flat, but it's it's just flat now. It's just hanging it right. I need a chopped off Real music 77. Oh, yeah I remember those days real music not this soil this garb by's this crap pola. Oh We had paola now we got crapola look what pop had pop had jenco look what we know For forever You can bet your mama anyway real music is 78 my hair 62 being single 56 American Americans were mostly like the broad 40 it all over the world. Oh, they loved Americans once upon a time before W. Begguid is in Ignorez's blood 37. I hate this pole 35 4% adding to bet real radio I'm voted for that 26 member one radio is radio when men were men and women were women and radio was radio See I just played that clip at right away Brandon's got an email on here immediately You know you are such a godfather groupy brand and you're gonna get a spanking pretty soon segregation 24 being in school actually learning something 23. I don't remember that I remember being in school, but not learning it The cold war at least we knew who the enemy was 11. That's right And yet now we didn't have any idea who the enemy was and now forget about it You got the Sunnis and the curved and the she-os and all the sudden crap The insurgents the Taliban real newspaper seven. I'm everywhere and my stamina 2 857 just one on their solid got a pair Maybe that's what rain needs a new pair. Oh look at this man burns genitals and Jack and start There's a whole bunch of good stuff here. Yeah, there is either homes called capital and Jesus answers There's all kinds of great stuff on here. Man is your kill summary. I mean it'll be really ever time Well, thank you, baby and through the 5.62 AM see crews God does and join the sport hold they're You'll be far away from women on this group It's an all-inclusive sports van added crews exclusively for men who talk about men to be around nothing But man I'm bored the drag star eyeliner This is the week 2 AM channel manager Joe a few oh oh oh You know there's nothing quite like a manly sport hole You're especially if you want to hide for women They don't serve seafood if this all you can eat buffet or We saw such you're standing here and inhaling their sea airing during my job I'm a market of the bills and invoices pile the top of my desk And other for you trying to get us crews and they damn well better deliver your dad Daniel Thank you Oh here you go young seller You have to hand it me a shrimp or do you need that's no regular weed that's a dollar weed The 5.62 AM see crews enter today to win how that ocean spray Jits registry. I also like your hand access from the new under his old age to our sport whole radio website We'll be pointed by Joyce law you like in ignorance Joyce law I love it What a bitch. Anyway, it's 10 18 at five 60 WPM. We got eight 80 already on that pool 8 80 well, we'll be over 900 easy before the end of this hour and that thousands by slum into third bases Did he be in with say if he were alive today and thank the Lord he ain't Okay, somebody facts in a whole bunch. Where did these come from these are good stories the magical facts machine There's more any day. We really had I hate to say if we had some pretty good cause yesterday. Yeah, we did Be damned some new crazy people We're not gonna get any today. I don't care. Oh, you'll see there be call there be a call. Yeah. Let me go to it Okay, Wisconsin attempts to do a movie stuff landed one man in the hospital with burned generals and another facing criminal charter Oh hot stuff. Oh The men were trying to do a stunt from more of the jackass movies which are character lights his generals on fire I mean how dumb you have to be to be doing that. It's one thing to get hot that ain't the way to do it medium dumb Jared W. Anderson 20 suffered serious burns to his hands and genitals according to the criminal complaint Randall the Peterson 43 who displayed light a sprayed lighter fluid on Anderson Ludamon fire Yeah, he went when he got through he was What charged with felony battery and first to be reckless endangerment an oakware county court on Tuesday When this is told police that Anderson who was drunk Times planes it volunteered to do the stunt Sunday after watching the movie to complain said jackass According to the complaint Anderson pulled down his pantaloonies and let pay their Peterson spray him with lighter fluid When the fire didn't catch When the fire didn't catch Peterson sprayed more lighter fluid Anderson Splashing someone is clothing He tried again to light the fire catching Anderson's generals hands and clothing Anderson ran into the bathroom jump to the top and put the flames out and he see he was by Other what's that fire? Oh Other guests who came to do a Luther hospital eventually repeated regions hospital burn unit and same palm and a sort of for secondary burns It burns. I'm sure that's what he was saying Anderson told police have were called about hospital either money anybody getting trouble because of the stunt Peterson was freed on a $2,000 signature body as a hearing schedule April 16 if convicted he faces up to 10 years in prison I don't see why he's trying to do his buddy of favor Well, that's all kinds of stuff look at that What's clear is that Bill O'Reilly won't be speaking enables tomorrow night? What's not clear is why says the Naples Daily News? Let me be Joyce sent this to us from over there on the West Coast That's story about the I the Holden's call capital in Jesus Sanchez. I can't wait to get to that But this is for mildly interesting As it six weeks ago, O'Reilly was scheduled to be the keynote speaker of fundraiser for the Cogor County Champion of the National Center for Missing and Explorated Children. Well, we already know why Because he made those stupid comments about how that one kid was having a good time He enjoyed being kidnapped and he was having a great time by another crap. Oh, that's what it says here Then he made his infamous remarks regarding 15 year old kidnapping at Fickham Sean Hornback on January 17 The National Accenticated radio and TV host who has no numbers in this market by the way He doesn't even he doesn't even register a point anything on a Richter scale. It's like a oh That's the great below He suggested Hornback may have been complicit in his own captivity and joined the time off from school and the front of video game and probably all enjoying all that force sex To know that started away from protests against both or while he for example compassion for the own victim and the And the National Center for Missing Exploded Children for hosting him soon thereafter Orally was out as the speaker replaced by John Walsh. Well, thank God what a good swap that was Was it a while he uninvited by the Saturday? He think better of his appearance was it something else? Asked the Enifel's Daily News and bread batten writes this. I wonder if he's kind of Ross batten or cotton batten Then you over here that expression cotton batten Yeah, oh, I thought maybe my mother just made it up But I'm even the dinner ones that see those star with my mother again. I'm even the dinner ones that the principles haven't seen fit to answer directly I'm February 14. I'm male Fox News producer Ron Mitchell says Brent who works with O'Reilly asking for a few words of explanation Tomorrow while it was no longer the marksman program. He responded promptly directly meet a Fox News spokeswoman arena bergante I called bergante referred me to Ernie Allen a president of NC and EC At the National Center for Missing Supply Children Allen bergante said had letter on the subject would read it to me Allen did not return repeated messages left in his office The only so-called letter I could find was a short posting on the NCMC website stating and Resposted enormous emails increase we've received were providing the following update regarding the Carter County photo branch fundraising dinner Bill arrival not be a speaker right the dinner Kathleen Corretolo director of the Carter County chapter the NCMC did not return my call She said a while is can't contact the organization in big doc planning a scheduling conflict right maybe so For law it arrived spokeswoman referring for east of the NCMC if the decision was a schedule conflict on a while is in and if it was Why wouldn't the NCMC include that ticket and if the eldest of change of speakers Or while he's a sticker for details he regularly points out the media short coming the specify when they before on his ass For example, mixed with contact in the on January 30 after I ripped a writing for calling the Naples Daily News of paper with his Consumer of an editorial page as you'll find a left wing cabal And I actually heard the comment mix along with no had I taken a while these remarks out of context I Said a reader report this statement to me that I paid five bucks to become a member of bill or widely dot com so I could listen to the archivers For myself five bucks to become a member of that crack. Wow. I'll take it I told him if he could come up with some other context for the statement the Naples paper You mean that's a left wing cabal down there. You know how it is I'd be happy to consider it You said he'd go back listen to the tape. I didn't hear back from him till we two weeks later when I saw next The season for the change in speakers bottom line on Arrow Riley presides over what he calls the nose spin zone when it comes to his cancel the parents and Naples There's enough spinning going on to weaver rug Mo There's Rob Henry again and whatever he was on channel four Brandon tells me he was on channel four And they booted his ass off here. He's been on CNN a long time. He looks pretty good to me. Hey Rob. Oh, man. Looks good They got a lot of makeup on him sure And he's been the weather guy on CNN for quite a while and everybody got all the rumors all robbers gay robbers straight roba is Hang out with squirrels because he likes you know nuts or whatever Who cares what he is is it really make any difference? What anybody else is doing unless you're in on it what difference is a make right Unless you get to watch oh, let's hear a Christian you want to judge them. Oh, that's right And then of course you think you got to get on Or watch or both eight hundred ninety four votes on a poll were very by the bottom of the hour We got nine hundred elect Voisey Idaho most people will call the legislative information center with the state cap I'm looking for the district lawmakers not advice on the afterlife But that's what they gave they dial the number for the center listed in the 2007 legislative directory The helpful 78 page book that includes information on all hundred five lawmakers in the Idaho House and Senate support stamp legislative procedures in the wrong number for the center In a roughly 30 second message about All is here after dying the bum number a bubbly woman's voice begins hi there today. We're the last day of your life. Would you be ready to meet God? If today were the last day of your life, would you be ready to meet? She goes on to ask call us to consider what Jesus Christ has done on their behalf so that when your last day comes you'll be ready A reverse directory shows the number which differs from the correct one by digit belongs to someone named D shirts S.H.U.R. T.Z. D shirts really hurts Maybe he's got the squirts messages left after Nancy machine kicked in we're not immediately return well Nine hundred votes even on the full man. I'm gonna tell you this is gonna be a banner day and we get out of here 130 and we're really bummed out about it Bring God bless America and paste his energy spring up here. I'll do it. Oh, Americans. It's Paul Harvey stand by for news A wealthy couple had planned to go out for the evening the woman of the house decided to give their buffer G. Use the rest of the night off. She said They would be home very late and that he should just enjoy his evening as it turned out however the wife was not having a good time at the party So she came home early alone Her husband had to stay behind as several of his important clients were attending as the woman walked into her house She saw G sitting by himself in the dining room. She called for him to follow her and let him into the master bedroom She looked at him and smiled. She said take off my dress He did so carefully G she continued take off my stockings and guard her G so bait G she said remove my bra in panties and he did this the tension continued to mount She then said geez if I ever catch you wearing my clothes again your fired pole Harvey good day Good day 1031 at five six. Yes, kind of cute. You know not like slap your ass and fold on a ground laughing, but whatever You don't think it was cute. Who's cute? How we do it on that pole by the way. Let's see nine ten up to bed nine ten Too bad it's not like one 20 in the afternoon. It would be like ten minutes away from group And you may be right we may not get any calls today because we have a short trollly three and a half hours Sam just points out up just to make sure it was working. I will tell me about what you excuse me getting a new internet building building Well good spot time Once that can happen when they fix line one yeah 17 weeks from a circus the great weeks from Tissue above Charles Benny Neal Kennedy for Rocky and County Circuit Court Clerk in Harrisonburg, Virginia Once voters to know the naked truth about his past 28 years ago We posed into buffer play girl magazine what kind of guys we play girl magazine gay? I'm not gonna run from this meal. So I'm gonna run with it Neal 49 Figured as past to be exposed anyway after his own internet search turned up a reference to his failed attempt to probably the modeling job at a music career So why not come forward from the start good calls that James Madison University political science professor Bob Roberts who predicted some voters will give Neal credit for Confirnity as you head on He's advised to kneel take a humorous approach Neal self-employed vinnist man and motivate candidates for the curved jobs and that's his plan if I can get them to smile about it I might get their vote. He said When John Cornwell graduated from Duke University last year. He led into job But oh there it is. There's our call Q a and hello Yes, I'm sorry. Has the one okay When John Cornwell graduated from Duke University last year he what he's a wrong number for quite a lot You know, he's just been a wise guy. Okay saw the SC TV thing a hundred years ago and I got the wrong number Okay What he tried to say is he trying to say two things one he's got no material and two I have no line. We know both I think you I think I don't know what it is Maybe it's because we scared more with a UN basketball I know that's gonna drive the audience like into hysterics They're gonna be shrieking and running up and down the highways yelling at her we might three hours early though You expect if we made a 10 30 instead of one three they would really improve that whole deal 5 6 7 0 5 6 the I mean I got all kinds of stuff here, but we might want to take a call or two just to be on the safe side And pound five 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line you're not hand-rains. We're pretty good there. I think they got a lot heavy heavy Doody pancake make up their photographing him from like under his chin You know looking straight up in here. I'll search a little a little tricks for the trade is I say oh there. We go to his little smattering him W 2 a and hello W 2 a and hello What is it This is W Q a and that's what I just said we're five 60 on your AM scratchy bad. Yes How do you know about this is it? Sounds exactly like you or your identical sign these twin Yeah, and Neo Yeah, they are you rock W Q a and hello I am the No, it's five 60 is what it is what a bunch of bows of the talk talk to five 60. Okay. Here's five 60 talk to them. Schmuck Jesus God you people some of your people are so stupid they make a boxer rocks look like a bunch of suit of intellectuals I mean what are we talking about Here the sound of the south Florida folks No, no, no all you potential to risk this out there I love to take your harder and money and the visit south Florida for an ice vacation Basque in the sunshine. We got beautiful sunshine here for Christ's today I'm sitting here the sun is shining man. It's just a beautiful day from the inside looking out and let me take a cute to that temperature Slowly minus seven and this is the last day for the minus stuff. It's gonna reach minus four today It's like about what 26 and tomorrow's gonna be plus one and Saturday plus five and Sunday sunny and six plus like in the 40s again Oh, right when it down thought right up Oh See now now looks to me. What a call now they want to play. You know can the colors come out and play and like that What's the rest of this stuff? Oh, and look at this Charlie be thank you Charlie be look at all the polls coming in here Wow Charlie be what a mini I was a lunatic they would have been insulting what like I said what a lunatic Thanks Charlie there's more how many of these send like a hundred good That should take us all halfway through the year when John Cornwell graduated from Duke last year He landed the job as a software engineer in Atlanta But soon found himself longing for his college lifestyle So the engineering graduate with Bill of Suffolk reminder of life on campus It refrigerated the contossa can't aburduous couch with a click of a remote control Let me read that again. It refrigerated the contossa can't aburduous couch with a click of a remote control in other words lazy bastard So I can see that right after I got outside Cornwell and I made two thousand six graduate from Huntington, New York I missed the college scene. It embodies the college spirit that didn't want to go up. Oh, yeah It looks like me with all the big half gallons of mice to bra. Oh That's all I think that that's about the only thing I can remember from college is drinking lots of mice to just think how much That or you'd be if you didn't have to get up off the couch to get that extra brown It says it's 20 to you will cornwell about 100 and have any couch in my room 520 to you will quote me about 150 hours and 400 bucks in parks to modify a mini fridge Comments many college dorm rooms into the bear tossing contraction which belongs 10 cans of beer from its magazine before an idea Reload if I should have button and Potton ready to catch them out Look at the remote fashion from a car a keys a car's keyless entry device a small elevator in south of refrigerator List of beer cans through a hole and loads in the fridges can't afford arm a Second click fires that advice tossing the beer up to 20 feet far enough to get to the couch You said is right full explosion of the can is open not the for recipient uses soft hands to cradle the can when caught So just remember if you're gonna handle the can you soft hands depending on who's can your handling I get especially if it's pimple or not In developing his beer catapult cornwell said he did a few walls and came close to accidentally throwing a can through his TV said He's since fine tuned the machine fine Sure, you know not to find fine to the machine to land a beer where usually sits in a normal what he called a right angle couch system Hmm For now the machine throws only cans although caramel is thought about making a version control bottle The most berries runs through the machine was at a party we launched a couple of 24 can cases I did launch a lot watching the Super Bowl he said My friends and I are the reason or the reason I built it I told him about the idea and I did so much I had to go through with a video featuring the devices and hit on the internet one more than six 600,000 people have watched it. They met a cafe.com earning cornwell more than 3000 bucks from the website I'll ride Cornwell said he's talked to a brewing company about the machine, but right now only one exists as We must start building some for sale. He said I'm keeping that option up a depending on interest When Cornwell was a student at Duke and elite property university in Durmer the Humper went by the way to Duke is now where they had that the phony scandal with the soccer players Yes, yes, he parked in the engineering schools robotic basketball contest said the cat client's name professor Bob Kiel He said students try to build a robot that could retrieve a ping pong ball and toss it into a small hoop He always did well in the cool keel said he came over there completely unique idea unique ideas. He's unique He's got so much time on his hand And not much else Let's see, oh there's more pools coming up. I'm maybe to hit a hole a mole. Wow and Charlie B also says a facts He says one of the best pieces of advice I ever heard from you was it from a news item you read about a year ago Thanks Charlie B all man. Why can't you give me a good advice or what oh? I try A medical study showed that talking taking about a daily teaspoon of cinnamon help prevent diabetes Lower cholesterol and lower blood pressure and after 40 days of doing this the body starts to see some benefit I didn't I forgot about that 40 Yes, I'm full of a cinnamon zan I see who did that? Boca Really, oh that's that's a bit that's a bit. I thought it was a Ha ha ha ha ha and probably that's just a medicine either A medical study. I just read that. I remember the article about the first of you went online to corroborate the studies findings Started sprinkling cinnamon and some of my food everyday the results are been I'm happy to say my blood pressure which was borderline has dropped since the first of the year and while I don't have diabetes Not kind of wood Charlie says I feel more confident than I'm doing something will come by risk of ever developing it. I do like cinnamon Only problem is I'll explain them in toast and the first of course. I'm your blood sugar's skyrocketing Can't have no bread if you got thy bb's and it doesn't take a trip to the doctor doctor's prescription only a trip to the grocery store For a simple and cheap little model of a spice. I've been eating and enjoying all my life all my life all of these things I passed the word on the family and friends the likelihood of medical wonders of cinnamon So thanks need of bringing into my attention and I hope cinnamon is working wonders for you too and mostly And for all your audience I I'm not doing it. I'm going to go out today get cinnamon but like Eeded by the pound. I'm gonna just take a hold again if like one pound sack or something and just hop hop in the tongue This is morning and go show that rich reminds me of my mother if you're over 175 you could be suffering from a swollen prostate Listen If they want to start my magnitude they're gonna have a painting to be on the air Whooping Bro This is the serious problems for all the men I need to get ready. See that was not way it was done slothly there at the very end but I should have been not done slothly there at the very end but I should have been not done slothly there at the very end. Well I had to leave something out there at the very end because clearance was all said that it sounded like a fart sound guys we don't want to play that. Okay so we didn't play it instead we play what are you all these? Okay let's take a look at that award winning pool right now see how we're doing but we're going to get on here 130 that sounds like a real swalli splendid idea to me a capital idea is they say in the capital. 937 most were we're getting close to a thousand that even eleven o'clock yet dammit. Here's the pool well I'd surely be man what we are putting on the payroll for the pool indeed. I got a pop we got a 50 pool idea from him and he sends good ones too which is I'm not saying that anybody else sends bad ones or the Georgia driver come up with a bad pool idea that would be a very very bad emission admission to make not good but we do what do you miss most about your youth sex with young people my own age 187 I can honestly tell you I never had sex with the young people my own age when I was a well yes maybe I did you know just talk about a little adolescent experimentation you know I mean I'm sure you do being irresponsible had no real consequences 155 my body 139 oh how I miss my body real news music 80's read my here 68 being in fact that's what you're gonna be saying when you're all up in heaven this audience because they listen religiously they'll be in heaven they're gonna say what are you miss oh my body oh no real music 83 my here 68 being single 66 American Americans were mostly like the broad 50 we were like popular man oh yeah you from a dilemma that oh yeah being ignorant as if light for example ignorance is bliss 40 I hate this pool 38 real radio 28 bless you remember those days long long time ago like that song goes segregation 27 being in school actually learning something 25 I never got around of that there's Rob Hanna again he was real pretty man he looks like a pretty guy the cold war at least we knew who the enemy was 13 my stand I wouldn't anybody missed the cold war what is it what is that man is that mean is supposed to what we got now oh you know they missed the top half of her we're looking we got now I guess that's what they mean my stand a 12 and real newspaper seven when people use to actually read you know that's crazy what comes to the mind I think what that is you can't take it that's what you want that was on spike which is a cable ten as you know and of course the word he says there was the was Smith but they even even on the cable channels not they bleaked out for the words because they don't know what's been and I was not kind of nothing with offended I want to like you find it at now you know even though it's on cable with you pay for the cable for those channels to come in your home you pay for me they come in over a you know wire the FCC's that absolutely no business threatening anybody the federal government that if you say smitter anything on the air we're gonna find your ass and it's gonna be a big big but even the cable channels are blip and crap on and brother trade on that's a project and not yet the later on and moving he did because oh in my room in my room are my children where my wife sleeps where my children play with their toys things like that remember that's he oh yeah the bro all of them but anyway hey remember Johnny Ola see that was the thing that was the one that the metal was he he that big it's had to know is he was just in for the wrong time and then as soon as he saw freighter with Johnny Ola yeah anyway Doug Thompson writes one of his really great carcums capital hill blue he says the verdicts came in Tuesday in the trial of former our vice president so chief of staff Lewis scooter liby killed the unforefied counts and a perfect world that would be enough to get Congress off its politically shy but and start in peace from proceedings against the corrupt administration president George W. Bush four guilty verdicts against liby is more than enough to warn impeachment the trial strip the way the cloak a secrecy for most to consider this white house a modern times if lying about a oral sex he can't read that from an intern provides a vision grounds for impeachment a previous president how can lying about taking the nation to war subverting the constitution out of structure justice not just by removing bushness kawal from office but whatever legal means necessary I guess I couldn't say VJ oh don't do that then we claim VJ Thomas music at the very least the liby trial of the of vice president vick chain workers traded a coordinated white house effort to destroy the lives of former vessator Joe Wilson and his wife covert c. eye-operative value claim in showcased extraordinary lengths in the situation with employee protected to manufacture lies used to justify illegal and more invasive of a rack the trial is supposed to win houses a veno prep criminal enterprise where political speedy replaced truth and american lives would be sacrificed to protect personal agendas. At the center of this criminal conspiracy such ch any in trial role Bush's brain the political guru with a president's ear built Clinton-boinked monoclements be He went to trial before the Senate for saying he didn't do the nasty, which he addicted far more but as many crimes pale on significance to the corrupt of the Bush administration Nixon resigned rather than face impeachment and certain conviction. Bush, however, means an office continuing to drive the nation toward disaster while the new Democratic leadership of Congress takes impeachment off the table and says we all just have to learn to get along. Enough. The limit trial documented and excruciating and exacting detail, the many criminal activities of a White House out of control, special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald says his job is done. In a single focus world it is. He was appointed nail somebody in the CIA leak case and he did so. It doesn't matter that living is the fall guy for the bigger fish. We needed a head on a platter and libys fits nicely. But the issue goes far beyond who leaked Valerie Plains' name to the media. It goes to the heart of a corrupt political administration at LINE, covered an obstructed to protect the use of falsified intelligence to justify a pre-planned world that is so far cost more than 3,100 American lives, along with thousands upon thousands of Iraqi civilians. When the Schmidt hit the fan of a release of Plains' name, Bush promised the American people that anyone connected with a superwoman be gone from the White House. Time for both to live around that promise. He should fire Carl Roe, he should take this step to the necessity to rule by President Dick Taney from office and then he should resign as president. At the moment, it is passed time to purge the White House of the Kansas and infecting body politics. In Bush had one shred of honor, one ounce of decency, or even one microna varnasty he would do so. But he doesn't. The relief was hoping that somebody else can step forward to take the necessary steps to remove his lying, criminal ass from an office he never deserved, and dishonest by his very presence. I know that chances for a sector are slim, too slim given the cowardice of Congress and assistant designed to protect crooks like George W. Bush. I can only take salvation into fact that on some day of the distant future, Bush's time will run out and he will meet his maker. I'll make day, they'll receive the eternal damnation he deserves, because not even God will be able to forgive the many sins of the 43rd president of the United States. But how do you really feel, Dougie Doug Thompson pissed off and fired up, baby. And you know what they say in the sports segment on the station, though, see if I don't find the answer. God, get me fired up when I hear someone say that. Right, another idiot, another moron, another one of the sports nerd morons. If we're giving it a ball, give me a ball, what's the score? What the score? How's the score? How's the score? How's the score? How's the score? How's the score? How's the score? How's the score? How's the score? How's the score? How's the score? How's the score? How's the score? I trying to say that 3-2%. Whether I need it or not 5-7-7. 200 points for this score. Listen to my show. Happy Friday evening, a word of God, tell us a couple things, what happened? What happens to the score? How do you stay together or do you work again tonight? for 68 being single 67 American Americans were most likely brought 50 being ignorant as an Ignoreances Blitz 41. Yeah, who gives a crap about all this depressing stuff right? Let's just go out and get laid and have a wonderful time. Yeah, when you're young, that's all you care about. Right? Oh, yeah. I hate this for all 38. 4% real radio 28. Not not get all that many and it's because most of these people can't remember when radio was worth you know, especially AM radio. 7. 7. Oh, being in 7, I wonder if that Billy Bob guy would have swastika over the 28 times. 27. Being in school actually growing something 25, my stamina 14. The Cold War, at least we knew who the enemy was 13 and real newspapers 7 out of 9. 49. Seattle Miss, so real loose papers that much anymore because first of all I got the Toronto Star and the Globe and Mail and the Sun which is a piece of right wing propaganda and the National Post which he's in more right wing and garbage. But before 4 daily newspapers and I'm shocking to you how many you got to. One for Broward, one for Palm Beach, one for Narangio, one for here and one for over there and also the Kraffin. And when you're okay like 700 daily newspapers when people, but now you don't need it because you can go online and read this stuff if you care about that stuff. Unless you're young, of course, what's like I said, all you want to do is maybe get stone, get laid and go on have a great time. Right? Right? And what's not to like about that? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? Any questions? Your president eats 20,000 or more young men and women and I rack now. If you love your president you will get your life or his friend for the reason. Do your part to help securing oil fields and earn an invasive. And of course the fabulous new I lack in the sea. By knocking on doors of I racking residents, two wind there, let's fight together over insurgents who are in I racking residents. If health insurance is crossing you in armamentally, why not really have a crossing with armamentally? Zero military recruiter, one bolder, recklessly online. So black water or keggy corporations decide up and die today. Oh, that's the end of that. Okay, obviously of course bonding, okay. No problem, then you just out of control. They do some work, friend, and okay, go to work and do some assignment. Somebody's trucking. 11.15.6. You're on what I wanted to play. Time. I want to be reasonable. Why not stay with us or the family? You can live here on the estate with your kids. You'll be deprived of anything. You can have everything you want. I don't know what he does. I don't know what he lives on. I wanted to tell him that, just another question and you don't want to see him anymore. Just like that. Just like that. No problem. Just do it. He'll go, yeah, that's right. He'll understand. Pregnary, I'm pretty sure he's dead now and quite frankly, who cares? He had the most bizarre, he had like a flat nose. You know, like jacked-to-one, to have the same thing. Remember the singer jacked-to-one? Mm-hmm. Love, but like he ran into a wall. Like the tip of the nose was like somebody had sliced it off or something. It kind of healed up. Maybe him describing it well. 9.56 on the pool, but we're on the verge of a thousand. This is a half hour boy. And the audience is going to be buzzing about that. WQAM, hello. QAM. Is that sound like somebody on there? No. Dead. Dead is going to. Love was the one that was ringing too. I thought, boy, it's going to be between now and 130. It's only two and a half hours. Rather than sit here, I've got a very impressive pile. In fact, I'm going to give some band-aid surgery for it. You know, I told you that time about that. One quick proxologist there in the Tamarack, tried to do the old band-aid routine. Yeah. And they're not the band-aid. They're rubber band-thing. Remember we were playing a lot of band-aid for my hammer-aid scene? Yeah. That's one of the biggest scams they got going. They tie, oh, I don't want to... Ooh, no, it's still a good one there. They take rubber bands. Yeah, okay. Around your Roy's. Oh, hey, your man. I'd like them to undo it. I got a second opinion. He was all set to do it, man. He's the operation-do-jourist of God-Boddler surgery. Which operation is big this month, doc? You know. WQAM, hello. I'm not going with that. WQAM. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes. Yes. I don't know. This is, I guys, long-time listener for a stunt caller. I don't know. I just want to let you know that I'll call him to the least. And then we'll go to my name. I hate it because I don't know. Everybody speaks to me in a Spanish. Oh, my solution is, don't go to Miami. That's my solution. What the hell is he from? Yeah, hunger. Two thousand and seven. Market down is the eighth of March, 2007. I hate what I go to Miami. Everybody pick it up on A-A-A-L-I-N-O-Don't go there. Okay. And when we're, how we've looked at that, I've got to go to the Higit offer for a client. Oh, he's speaking to you. Uh-huh. He had an accident. Some kind of accident. Go back where you came from. I'm going to get one of those good old, worn out rubber rafts. Get a good year tire. Get one of my perfect good year tires. Man, those things. Get one of my perfect good year tires. Man, those things are indestructible. They're last forever. Just hop on a keep escape and just start paddling with your arms. Okay, just start paddling and paddling, frantically and furiously. And what they're right behind W-I-W-D, where you used to be there. What is there now? Did they ever sell that building? On one of those holes? No, the building's still there. I think it's storage for Channel 7 now. Storage. I think it's probably the Channel 7 closet. They need all that space. If you're a Channel 7, that's not the other building. W-I-M-H-O. Q-I-M-H-O. Yes. Hey, Luzicaida said, wait, you're bad to climb. Probably our trainer wasn't one of the good ones with it. Andy Divine. Actually, I couldn't remember his name. Mr. Brown Show, pal. Bust a Brown Show. Let's say I got it. Okay. All right, you've got it all right. And hopefully you'll get rid of it before the years out. Yeah, just got to you saying before about the great cause we had yesterday. Even the ones that were infuriating and exasperating, at least they were like living and breathing different living and breathing. A hole is supposed to. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60, Andy Divine and singular wireless line could be a very, very quiet Thursday. Could be wrong. Are you predicted to write the answer? Did you know something I didn't like maybe the transmit is off or what? No, I just, um, because you were talking about it the other day. You see, when you're saying it, they say, you would fall to the net. Yeah, and then you're saying, you know the sudden, like, we don't have them say today. We love you. Shout out bolt yesterday. QA and hello. Oh, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Not the bad day. Yeah, that sucks. Yeah. Good. My state hell away then. Okay. Canada sucks. There's another brilliant call from South Florida. Canada sucks. All right. The cream of the crop baby, the intelligence, the, these are, well, if you were just on serious, that guy was good. That guy that was having like, Apple, like, I wouldn't, uh, listen to his crap. If you were just get serious and go to XM or serious on an on a kip or pee, I said it's not going to happen. Forget about it. I'm doing this fine. All the money's coming in. Everything is just great. Everybody's happy. Just come and help out. If you are on serious, or just screaming and ranting and raving like a lunatic, WQAM, hello. They're coming by the ones today, you know what I'm saying? QAM. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM, hello. WQAM. Yes. Hey, pretty. Yeah. Who the one that said he's loving happiness? Skipper Chuck. Okay. Uh, you played a bill called her a little song? Wow. You were right, man. Yesterday was like, we, this day was like Nirvana. They're more like, uh, yeah. Yeah. Grab a hole up. I'm like, okay. And Marie. Not a mine in Marie. Celine Dion. She's the one that gives me a spirit of Canada sucks. That's like, because it's Celine Dion, I think. WQAM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Is George the other in the problem with the, uh, uh, dark coming in? No. I thought it was, grown to the like it now. Neil, is George still having a problem? I didn't ask you if you still having a problem. Or I'm not here right now. WQAM, hello. Hey. Yeah. How like to know why that the governor's a soft Florida are attaching the people out of their homes? They're doing what? Attacking the people out of their homes. Operate taxes. I'm not going to be in the governor's of soft Florida. Of whoever it is, in charge of it. Yeah. The tax doctor, okay. We'll call him up and ask him. WQAM, hello. I'm starting to get into this now. QAM, hello. Hello. Hello. I'm listening from 26 years ago. Yeah. You sound like it. And, uh, I just want to thank you for sending me straight on religious. Thank you. Okay. I'm pray for you, Schmuck. For you may straight on religion. Ah. So he was gay on it. Wait for it. They're clocking coming out there at the end. Some of the head about 400 pounds of flim. He was ready to unload on the entire audience. 982 votes on the pool every time I refreshes, they're coming in like a little chunks, which it sounded like he had a few in his throat. He is throat. Mmm. Thanks for straightening me out on religion. Ah. Yeah, sound like you could use some real straight enough, pal. Although I think in your case, highly unlikely. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. Good name. Yeah. Tell me, tell me. What is it? Tell me. Tell me. Tell me. What is it? Tell me. Tell me. Go to say it, yeah. What do you want? May I go to my anime? Is it Dr. Lou's bro, but go away? At the back of your ass, your mum, okay? Your mum. I think I said yes, soon. With you guys one day. Come on. I have just a book. Do the video for every year. Com, erm, and organized a million times a week. Say that once that isn't back. WQAM, hello. You do fairy. WQAM Hello. QAM Hello. Hello. Hey, now. Good afternoon, boys and girls. My good hair here for a game. Hello. WQAM Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes. How you doing, everybody? All right, Pally. All right. Hey, I want to call you, let you know. I called you in a January, so it does excited by the one last biggest. It's like, I'm a good machine man. So now I'm going back this weekend. Really? Yeah. I'm excited. Well, the rest of the audiences, but I'm glad for you. Hey, a little bunch of classes. Okay. Good luck to you, Pally. You only need it. Okay. There's a guy who found a good machine and vagus needs to go back this weekend to give the money back. Good. Well, I had a bad, I had a rough day yesterday. I started with the dollar machines and there was no OK for one and all the sudden it went to sour. And I had another one who was really sour. And I tried another one was really really sour. All man. It was like in sour patch kids. And then I went to the five dollar machine and sour wouldn't even begin to describe it. It was just one of those days. But it's only money. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. Yeah. Can you play that thing? So you don't drop or I love it. What? WQAM Hello. I heard those, uh, what I did to treat you. WQ, how about you QAM hello? I caught a hammer head shark. What should I do with that? Done at hammer head. QAM Hello. I was going to say give it hammer, but then I probably should say give it. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. I wish you happy anniversary. Okay, a little later. But that's alright. I hope your next one's a natural in one. Mhm. That's all I'm going to say. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Welcome. Qamp Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. Q05 Anchors. Qiam Hello. Q? It's slacks and just slams right across the couch. She just goes flying across the couch. Slang that bitch right across the room. Straighten her ass out real fast. 988 on the pool. When we come back from the break I've got a thousand and then Chris is going to be doing a Kizazuki up and down the hallway. You'll see. To him, hardaway. I hate basketball players. I don't like to be around basketball player. So biggest needs. So best talent. It's the big O-11 right away. They have senior 8 cast muscles. They're sweaty from going up and down and up and down. The hardwood all night long without getting tired. I don't want to be in the locker room with them or watch all of them in the steamy shower together playing. And a man just thinking about it. I'm thinking about it right now. And... Wow. Never mind. 117 at 5.60. WCM. Before the show today, George was telling me all kinds of stories about freaky carl service receptionist who's behavior. Just who's very existence is unacceptable. Just on the face of it. Yeah. But it's behavior evidently is much worse than ever anticipated or that's another good reason for me not to be there. Hey, it's all comic relief. I always say really. I think I have the stomach court. Now this fact that you just said me here, did I talk about this like two weeks ago about Giselle Wunchen is pregnant and allegedly by Tom Brady. And then we had that one that facts that came into that article. That was a fact. Yeah, but who was that? He was a clean cut guy. You know, yeah. Things like that. You don't have sex with your girlfriends. Just remember that. Think, guys, I'm playing the old slide of Solami routine. Okay. So let's get serious. Okay. There. There. What? I want to stupid comment. I thought he was a clean cut guy. So in other words, clean cut guys aren't supposed to be having sex. Is that what that's supposed to mean? Yeah. Jesus, God. There's only one kind of guys that I know who aren't having sex with her girlfriends and that's right. And Brazilian website before you yesterday, the Tom Brady's girlfriend, she's up Bunchen, maybe pregnant. And if so, the Patriots quarterback is the father. Here's something for your father. Currently, popular celebrity website. What does that say? GM orama.com. .br. Wulchin would be no more than two months pregnant, but may already have told select friends and family. The brief item was written by Joyce Pasco, which, who does the resident equivalent of New York Post Richard Johnson? Oh, I can't say Johnson. Brady's agent, Tom, he did not return a phone call on Bunchen's representative to not report. Two weeks ago, Brady's ex-girlfriend, actress Bridget One, and all this is a different one. Oh, I see. I'm confused. He was me. Yeah. I think you'll track all these young ladies that he's impregnating. He was me. Nice going. Tommy. He's busy. He's a busy beaver. Well. Two weeks ago, Brady's ex-girlfriend actress Bridget One, and revealed that she's pregnant and prays, Brady's the father. He wants to be like George Washington. He wants to be the father of our country. What's wrong with that? At a boy, Tommy. One, and hands representative, at no comment on the possibility of a Bunchen baby. Brady, 29, morning, and 30. What do you think that this agent is likely to have a little more common sense? They be doing like a little bit of something, a little protection there. I mean, there's all these pills and devices and things, you know? Wait, maybe what's that, a boot, baby? Brady, 29, and 1, and 36, dated for nearly three years before breaking up in mid-December. Soon, after the two times Super Bowl MVP began dating the Brazilian Supermodel, they pretty peer recently enjoyed five star stays in Paris, Milano, and Al-Hola, and Life at the Star Week, they've reported that Bunchen also took Brady to meet her parents and Porto Allegro Brazil. Porto Allegro, excuse me, I think. I can't read this. Bunchen, who's dated, aww! Bunchen, who's dated Leonardo DiCaprio, and Sirford Kelly Slater, who is also dating your favorite, at least favorite, the bitch Pamela Lee. Recently, told Vanity Fair that she's like to have children, but she's no hurry. Surprise! I'd be lying if I said I didn't want a family, but my parents have been married for 35 years and I have six children. She said, think as I'm just 26 years old, so I have plenty of time. She said. Although, apparently, look at this, I guess Sean is really upset about the Charlie B, because Sean just came out of the closet now, and here's a couple more pools. Thank you, Sean. You're still a career, I'll book, okay. I'll take a back seat to anybody. Although, I was 30, was in the back seat there, and he forgets that he didn't know what was going on. He didn't feel a thing. Says, Muscle Tavern, you're right for the lover Christ. Don't forget to begin an exercise, Regimen. Oh, and as Sean, Jesus, don't forget to begin an exercise, Regimen. Right. You're doing a lot of leg lifts, aren't you? Especially now, that spring is near you. I lift this, okay? I was doing a lot of fat. I was doing a lot of tapping at woodbind yesterday, and Gordon is toughen. You're like it more than you think when you are in training, when you are in training, it greatly reduces the chances of, I mean, Sean, you must be here, and you were seeing me, Sean, and I am fat, old, fat, judo, who I am. Let me sit inside, ladies here, look at the mirror. Oh, Jesus, I'm picturing you in sweat with 808's, John, and Roy, but when you are in training, really, we do this is a chance of depression. I'm not the least with depression. I'm a very, very happy person. You know, ankle weights might not be a bad idea. Yeah, I got your ankle weights. That's for giving the Carlos, okay? Keep his ass on the ground. Anxiety, effective jet lag. I don't have an oven flat in Europe so many times. You have a big half-flon, a hundred times, two or four, less 20 years, where I go in 20 years now. This is my 20th anniversary. Not only I'm at 31st year anniversary on the year, but by 20th anniversary of my Europe trips, to Amsterdam, in Colon, in Berlin, and Hamburg, in Frankfurt, in Stockholm, and Helsinki, and Paris, in a role-mine Milano, in Belonia, and where else about that? And foot-ins, nothing like Europe, maybe. Let me tell you right now, all you people out there because it's now the eighth of March, and you know what people are starting to get ready to plan right now? They're starting to plan their summer vacations. And fall over and I'll say, I've got time off from there. Work in your answers, all. Italy and all of Europe, all the way to New York, man. And I know I just Western Europe, this Prague and Budapest, lots of places to go. Lots of things, lots of people to do. I mean, see, the goes on and says, oh, and also, when you exercise, improves Mr. Wibbley's staying power. You know, see, that's one thing about, I don't want to get too graphing at all this. One thing about the joys of being gay is that you don't have to worry about staying power. You don't have to worry about the myth of simultaneous orgasms, and heterosexual sex, which, of course, I guess, in that case, if you've got a good actress for a partner, it's just fine. You know, our bad actress, you think, well, who cares? Might as well get it over with anyway. Just part of the adjoys of the game is of being gay. As far as straight men, technically, you really need to actually as partly correct into aspect. Oh, you're going to hate Sean too here. All right, a lot of it. He says, of course, in carceration, will sometimes cause otherwise, for a man to turn to other men, the same way you guys stuck on a deserted island, will eat all the coconuts inside. This doesn't make him a vegetarian. That's a good analogy though, I like that. Any social work will tell you boys who are sexually abused by men, often repeat the abuse on others of the same sex. This is an acting out word of trauma. That's a different thing. Different category. Right. Okay. A different experience is repeated. Can I read Sean's thing here? This is the most serious thing, man. He just cannot control himself. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. You could sit there in a coma, the entire show, you're in a car, and a tariff you can't have a rational conversation about it, and you shut the other person up. But I'm reading you guys back too. We can discuss it when we're done. I want to keep discussing this area. I don't care. I don't care if they're straight. I don't care if they're by. I don't care if they're gay. I don't care if they're 85.200 workers' cow. It is a no, what difference is it make what label you put on somebody? Okay. If they're hot and they're ready. You know what's like, lower your head. It's hot and that's what I have. That's happening. These are our streams of circumsized stance. And I don't think it was what George was talking about, so Sean, he may have been rebelling against the gay fantasy this street guy. So my strikeout with the chicks at the night club will be lustfully seeking, I can't read boy ass that very night. That's bad. That's what he wrote. Gay guy's fantasized about doing this street guy. The same with the street guy's fantasized about a manager twat. That's right. And then it's been a couple of pulls. Okay. Sean, just calm down. Because some people don't like certain labels. Doesn't change the meanings of words. There are lots of big guys. They're not even doing the other. I like labels. I'm not interested in them. I don't care about them. So see I got confused about jiselle Bunchin and Bridget Moynihan. So evidently Tom Brady's knocking up everybody in sight. And he just, I guess, but I like that's what he wants. That's wrong with that. And you can just imagine how lovely those children are going to be. You know, isn't that what we should strive for in the world? Is that only the beautiful people reproduce and all the ugly people. You know, lots of lots of those sterilization will be good for a lot of people. I haven't mentioned that in a very long time on the show. One of the great concepts that I've come up with over the years and nobody will listen to me. But you know, zero population growth is fine. But the best way to achieve that is forced sterilization. Okay. Especially in South Florida. Not everybody, just most. Like the colors. 1,000, 13 votes on the poll. We're doing pretty good. We got over 1,000. You market that down. Chris, you on top of this or what, huh? Oh yeah. And when you begin, when are you beginning to your training program? Wow. He's doing all the best. Don't forget to begin exercise, read you. You've been especially now that spring is near. Well, what does that mean? What does that mean? I will say this. I walk more every day. One day here. Unless it's like two days ago when I almost never left the house. I walk more and one day here than like in a year down there. Because I don't have no car here. I have a fine location and I walk all over the place. At least a couple miles every day. And that's all you're going to get from me. That this old dude, that's as much exercise you've been to get from me. I'm going to be doing sit ups and push ups and we'll ease and car wheels or whatever else you want. Yeah. Just they could have happened. Oh, there's that debate from both us. Oh man. That's how I stand. Yeah. How do we don't hear no more about him, you know? Maybe because he's dead. I guess maybe the parties over. No forget no greens. I'd call him on the party started. Oh god, Leo. It's Tom Brady. That's what he's. He's the father of animal and the cool's baby. I'm positive. Who was a little baby father? I could be one of a dozen guys. It made me think of an hour a stir. Did you get the fraud? That old guy throws himself on. There's a forget city with the dead. He shines up. Your husband has been bad. Looks like none of them will touch me. It'll be. I'll do that crazy touch. Who can be now? But turn it and he'll head down. Who is with that now? Who can be the head down? Who can be now? Love it 32 and who the hell really cares? Okay, if you've got even a half of brain, half of brain is better than numbers. Now if they always say half a loaf. That's what my mother used to say. Oh no. Oh, it's pocket money. I even said that. Where did that come from? Oh no, that's a lot. Here's a fact. Now this person who said this, this was come over the fact. My sheen is always talking about forced sterilization. This has to be a psychic listener. Can you believe it? Neil, I love that Tom Brady story. It says he should be getting about it. He should be getting as much as possible out the human gene pool. You always talk about forced sterilization. Maybe he's a compromise that people had insisted having babies to be forced to use DNA from people like Tom Brady just to thought. There you go. We can just go running and pregnant and every a hot looking chick. And I think he's already got a pretty good head start. Can I say that? No. Sorry, Joyce. Joyce law. I remember Vernon law pitched for the pirates. Q.A. and hello. The D.K. Q.A. and not there. Okay. W.Q.A. and hello. Sir, other one. You know, so good. That's working too. Q.A.M. Give me your hand. Hold on. No. Yes. A.A. Would you rather listen to Joseph Gackies show or have sex with him? When you're asking this, would you rather have a rip quarterback your neck with a sages tied to him and he possible or you rather laid to fill in with George's account, which will pull you some more. Do you want to Q.A. and hello? Q.A.M. Hey, how you doing? Got this long call. The listen. Three things. Captain America is dead. Next thing I'm going to say is that I smoked pot with defo in a golf screen one time. Okay. Great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And Tom 5, 60. You know, you guys across the street can make all the phone calls you want for you or something when the numbers come out tomorrow. You've got. Oh, wait. What are you going to say then? Of course, maybe they won't. Maybe they'll kick our ass. Although they won't do it between ten and two. I guarantee that. I'm very dandy of that. So the kid rose in transports of steamburg. 525 votes on the pool of the incident. It's just barely 1130. And the good news about is we got less than two hours to go now. You've got to be kidding me. Wow. Can you believe that? See, we get spoiled with this stuff. Now, once the next marlins are game. One day, next week. Yes. It is. Yep. You got to change the way we got a marlins game next Wednesday at what time at the one old week. We got it in here. Both. Yeah. We'll 12th it. 12th it. We got it next Wednesday. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Oh, maybe y'all. Okay. Let's see. You got too much money to put your money on the consulting and event accounting justice on the pastful side of the design. What? No, that's good. I'm glad to hear about it. I know who it is, too. WQA in, hello. Hey, what's happened, boss? Yes, sir. Question with the new, uh, Cheney injury was leg to claw at, no. You think this is Republican Party on the beginnings of the phase out of Cheney, put him in the back lounge, we don't hear any more of his craziness? No. You don't think so? No. You think the Republican Party even won't be slurred enough to realize he's a loose cannon, and they got a lot of shit. So, let me know, is it again? Did you ask me a question about whether I think the blood clot that the Vane's from Boses in his leg is part of a Republican Plot to Gacheneyop, and I said no. And you see, you don't want to ask a question or have a conversation. You've already made up your mind if there's a Republican conspiracy. They don't need a conspiracy, okay? Just the kick is ass out, went and died kick is ass out. And like Doug Thompson said, with Bush and the rest of the Nazis, too. Carl Rove, my ass. How do you like guys like this one? How do you like him? Typical. Just unbelievable. I'm going to have to call Michael. This is the dialogue in this part of the movie. So, like, it's far. So, what? What? So, that must be back to the part where Frater was wifey's drunk in the trying to dance and fall on her ass. We don't want to hear that. Oh, we already played that one. But as there, I'll take it one thing. It's gone farther too. Sure, we'll slow it. We'll be a tremolo one. We're getting night first. You're getting married. The ink on your divorce is in dry yet, you're getting married. You see, if children are weakens, you know, your oldest boy Victor was picked up in Reno for some petty theft, you don't even know about him. Michael, your fly around the world with men who don't care for you, you should like a horse. You're not my father. How do you come to me for? I'm going to need money. There you go. 1030. WDBZ. 1030 in the fall 103. WDBZ, one of the great stations of all time, and Carl the Suis and Dave Maynard and Jefferson Kay and Jay Dunn and Huayli Vann. And Bruce Bradley. He and overnight's Larry Glick. Larry Glick. WQAM, hello. Does this have a positive? You know, if the next person says to me is this five 60, does this patient have call letters or what's her? WQAM. How did I answer the phone? I said WQAM and you said, is this five 60? I apologize. Oh, you should. You should. Go ahead. Are you going to do the net people off commercial? Well, what the hell was that mean? Am I going to be doing any more pizza-loved commercials? What does that mean? How do I know? I just have to accept a question. I just wish you all three days. You missed me on TV? Okay, I'll tell you a picture. Okay, I'll send you a blow-up-dow-shmuck. What an idiot. What a morning. That sounded like the guy with the eyes to me. Yeah. Was it? Oh, wait a minute. In that case, just for him. People look at me with no trousers on. They're all the girls with these screaming together. And see the reason why I got the net name of dog. Hello girls, this thing I am back in. We'll make you happy. Like a baseball bat hank, Aaron would be swinging. It's my Mr. Happy. It's my Mr. Happy. I'll sing it before I get off the David C MC rehab doll. Tell me about the limit of the biography you offered him in a normal state ? Wow. I bet your students don't forget to get him to get off the David C MC rehab doll. You're on the web without any closeness? You lived in your shirt, show your chest, knit it not for a high and secret And they might take you up the show Soon you was came out, there are just things You open your mouth, but it isn't a thing You say those flowers, don't let me, now you run your knees, I run in the Baby, bring me up the show Cause you took some new things, show where someone's here We're right there, it's here, we're not playing in You made a mistake, you can't explain why You thought it wasn't a good idea, that's not a good idea It's up some new things, we can't read your mind What they thought you were, and that's very shy That's not a good idea Oh, you just knew it 16, don't know that 5, 60, WQM, we got there, who recains warm up And one third of the chef knew it, any interest No, you have a little tiny bit, you know, can you tell me No, oh, how about anything, nothing They just don't care Okay, blah And the experience will be on there, is that a little on send a listen No, and the Joseph Gakko Joseph Gakko is so okay Well, what can I say? You forgot the beast What the beast is on there too, well, like I said Sounds like a queen, queen, queen, sweeped to me Chuck Hagle may be running from prison, he's been a big announcement about his future plans on Monday And we're a public and a whiz in the right wing, not see after all, but that be something They used to have a lot of them, yeah, well, once upon a time Oh, let's see, remember we're talking before about the I would be building so Brandon says his busy running the show today If we need a choreographer with us, sure, I think we got to think somebody running it today He also said, thanks for that tape a little bit because you're stuck and I want to think they're with Connie and they're So men's a promise to be sold over those three territories in the Bronx after he died You took over, he didn't give it to me, I love you, well Yeah, men's a promise that will go, that's good Can I have a break? No, he didn't deserve a picture of me tonight Thank you, thank you, thank you Mark, are you sitting high up for the serum on the, if you're drinking I'm champagne cocktails, anyway, this is a redisturbed by I would do a few months ago The city north of the village wants that entire property and is trying to muscle channel 7 out So as long as they heard channel 7 was fighting this day there, I'm balling in location for new studio and broder and channel 10s will be to broder too Well, everybody's moving to broder, okay not everybody but most everybody Most everybody who wants to escape from big county, well wouldn't that be something like an atomic bomb It is like that whole thing out there in North Bay village The old IOD building in the panel 7 building right side there by each Wow, wouldn't that be something? And of course the town of the tower I'm assuming is still sitting back there in the bay Which, remember they had the big deal about that last time I tracked and it was like a threat We're gonna knock the damn tower down and the knock the IOD off here Which of course what difference would it make at this point? You know, very well overlooked in that last book was the one, not only did we have that gigantic number in the, a winner book or whatever was the a full book But we also kicked the living snat out of you know who fell popping rush I mean we always beat him just about always but we just kicked the crap out of them Remember that? Yeah, I just mentioned that in passing just to paint myself on it on the shoulder a little bit And the fact about all of my, how much are my training program that early? I worked on it put one leg in the grave you know before I start my trip that line I gotta read again What I do with Sean's pulls it? It was a great line. I don't know it's in the middle of my pool pile. I got so damn many I've got a pile of the suit Thanks to Charlie B how you beat Charlie it says don't forget to begin an exercise regimen for the long of Christ Well, I don't love Christ how do you like that? I think you're not gonna do those other geckies Especially now that spring is near you like it more than you think when you're in training It greatly reduces the chance of the pressure and anxiety effects of jet lag attitude and improvements to wiggly staying power All right, I knew this for it. I'm about pinkly wiggly. I got nothing wiggly. Believe me it my age even before my age. I got nothing wiggly 545 votes on the poll. Why are they a raky man trigger skewer at L.A. airport? You're gonna love this story Can't wait you are just gonna be amazed at this story And a raky national wearing wires and conceiving a magnet inside his echo. Correct him. The frigid A security Spear I'm wires well with you. I'm just telling you right now Can I do I have to start start over again And a raky national wearing wires and conceiving a magnet inside his background Triggered a security security security airport on Tuesday, but official study closed all parent threat That's what they think The man identified by law enforcement officials at five five five Barclay on moly key 35 so often alarm during a passenger parking airport early on Tuesday morning They're trying to control me It was harmless, but there was a guy with a metal plate inside that said that police bomb squad was called to examine always deemed a suspicious light and found during a body cavity Sir, so I'm in hey what's this in here Oh my god, there's wires coming up there And a magnet magnet A magnet Local media reports that a magnet was found in his back dome. Yeah, that's what it says here. This is from our roiders. Oh my god must be the emus He was secreting. Oh, I'm sorry. You know, I was almost gonna say secreting that would not be good Oh, that would not have been a It was probably secreting something He was secreting these atoms in a body cavity. That was a great concern because There were all social and electric wires associated with the body cavity They were associated with it Larry Feders recruited director for the TSA and the airport told roiders Malik eat 35 who lives in Atlantic City was preparing to board a US airways flight from LA to Philadelphia The flight left without him, but with his luggage aboard and made an old and that's smart Here's your guy. That's got he's got a magnet and wires in his ass and they kicked him off the flight, but they left his luggage on the plane Made an unscathed landing in Vegas where the plane was thoroughly searched nothing was found Passengers were not evacuated if we can say that and no flex were disrupted by the incident Triminal one in LAx there was never threat Feders said he said police and FBI were called the abundance of caution What about a suspicious item was found during a body cavity search of the man I thought you were going to get to the point in the story where the guy explains what this device was What its function is why you would have a magnet up your ass. That's the end of the story Oh no, I need closure Closure yeah, yeah, I mean that's a magnetic bracelet I got like like commensate who gots You can share that Send me to the bank and you've got some judgment on how I got my thing To a comedian I'm going to put him over to the club this far we've Paralympic simply everything is but that he wasn't going to be killed No, man's in Miami baby. We had a star with it. No man's in Miami Man's in La Gagne Thousands and 48 votes. Let's take another look at this. So, you know, it's okay Not one of my old time favorites. What are you most about your youth? I would say having it Being it, you know, being living in breeding, especially being an old fossil that I am Sex with young people my own age 23 everything always comes back to sex And there's a lot of hammer hand on my TV again. Look and really find his wine Actually, it is look pretty good. I'm sorry. See, it all comes back to sex. Air be damn time. Sex sex. Sex. That's all comes back to and my not. What else is there? Being irresponsible with no real consequences. One 76 my body 158. I'm what if that has something to do with sex? Real music 95 being single 74 my hair is 74 I don't miss mine. I just keep shopping off of the like I American Americans were mostly loved to grow out liked like that at 57 being ignorant as an Ignatist bliss 42 Being an I think I think I think being oblivious would be a better word than being ignorant But they all they explained it. That's what they're trying to say right oblivious I hate this poll 40 only 3.8% they likes it. We already know 31 segregation. We got the But 30 man racist out there. I'm sure we got a lot more than that, but they just had a thing to vote for. Being in school and actually learning something 29. Well from the sons of the colors, you know, There are too many who missed it because they never did that. I never did. What did we learn? We learned algebra and all kinds of you know, well, what was what was the point of all of that? And that thing we're talking about the other day about the presidents in chronological order who cares. What are that going to do for my life? What is that going to do? Madison and Monroe and John Quincy Adams and Andy Jackson and Martin van Buren and William Henry Harrison It was too stupid to come out of the cold anyway. John Tyler to be tuned to be to be two to be canoe and Tyler two Boy, I know some crap for what that's the promise all crap my stamina 20 the cold war, At least we knew who the enemy was 14 the Ruskies. Kamalista Kamalista Kamalista baby That's when your people were really in their glory. The glory holds glory and real newspapers started at 7 and still 7 and 50 votes 10 50 WMGM New York 10 50 WHN C-H-U-M Toronto. Go forget they'll count at a sucks No that great call we had to think we met some really special. They've all been really spare come on let's get him going again man 5 6 70 5 60 I mean we got to get out here 130 make way for the big hurricane basketball game right in the middle of the daytime When people are awake when living in reading people wants to entertain me in a few a few Yeah a couple of chuckles maybe once in a while one of these. They're not going to get that I'll tell you one thing if they would play a couple of Loads or go in the basketball game somebody might listen to it, you know if they if they probably promoted it ahead of the game Toon in the U.N basketball they were going to play a hundred. Do you know boys WDQAM hello Which could be probably one for listener because we're also going to be listening to that QAM See a thing I personally that banged like I did QAM WM hello WQAM hello WQAM hello Can you involve my go can you involve my go yeah I'm hanging about my skull call him up until I met okay Tell that to a boys face I like to see kid woke ever come over your house and just stop on you like a net like a cockroach like a like an ant Uncle you jackass, but you know he's at a point. Well, we'll see tomorrow. We'll see what kind of number they're doing because I know in November and December Wow, well, the same as the whole station got really a screwed in the numbers But in November and December that morning show has some real issues, you know what I mean by issues what in other words it was lacking something you know what it was? Numbers audience and audience That's what it was lacking November December. I'm maybe in January maybe a pick right on up there maybe you're a Super Bowl time everybody's whipped up about the Super Bowl Maybe they're all whipped up about that What's his name that what's the guy to have on all the time that the agent everybody hates So I was still our steam shorts Did everybody hates like poison and of course we probably didn't have our win back on that much. I'm sure we didn't because it was heat season, you know What other excuse do we have WQAM hello WQAM hello WQAM hello That takes us back today remember those oh yeah, yeah, I was kind of special We get those on Friday all the time and said this is here You do it's like a Rick and said flashback Friday We need my diploma. I have to play a beer as good for you and we do that. I like Chinese. Oh, yeah a lot you do do for that stuff when this is just we do have a We are It's not like what you do It's not like When I could see The weather was in the middle of the country Now is that really the track from the song? Because usually they use the music track from the end of song Huh? That's even more sour than the star patch kids 532 votes on the full today and why I bet you we can make a 114 130 this afternoon and then they will fear us Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q8M This was the norm that you dreaded the most A miracle voted in guess when you lost She graced all you can no longer stay and call I had nothing nice to say and then they put your montage on Oh You music will career test run up round You've been yearning by the top round But you knew that You gotta sing along before you go away Say one no one like yesterday And you're the reason that you're gone Can you sing a bad song? You wore a bad shirt sign and said you were a good one And then that hurts You say you'll be fine You still be your star but I'm not from now You'll be parking cars You sang a bad song Who now gets to sing And you're 15 days And now gets to ring You sang a bad song You fell You sang a bad song You're about to have a 50WQA And we are rolling along to sing this on my blood sugar It's so good the last couple of days That's why I sound like I'm full of vinegar And it rides on top of it underneath it and over it etc Or it's right That's right You're oily bird Oh you know something I think I'm old enough now I'm ready for the oily bird Maybe I'll come back to Florida and enjoy the oily bird And sit around with all his old cockers And talk about their whatever Cold soup So anyway your buddy you have a new buddy here on our my space Chris who I thought was my buddy And I've been communicating with on here for a few days For about a week now But he's there your buddy on this and he's more adamant than you are he's by And you know I started around this day Why he's so adamant He says words do have meaning and George is right I think he wants you man Give me 60 seconds to explain myself Do you want to respond I'm going ahead Go ahead Let me say this to you Take all the time We got an hour and a half to go until that I'll ask you ball game Great take all the time if you want And push Go ahead I'm just a kosher person is someone who doesn't eat tray If vegetarian is someone who doesn't eat meat A homosexual is someone who is attracted to members of the same sex If I sexual is attracted to members of both sex And they might have a preference And a heterosexual is someone who is attracted exclusively to members of the opposite sex If you identify yourself as a straight person for whatever reason social stigma Will you know exist? People are just the hour this boring hour That's it You're the one who's keeping rehashing this novel and all of you just brought it up I didn't and you did let most of that crazy I'm standing right there I'm talking with a rambling man You see you see Chris everybody here Will not let me get this Go ahead Just because some people who want to admit to themselves That they are bisexual that doesn't mean that they're straight Just because they identify themselves as straight Because it would be embarrassing Like the director's skin we were discussing the other day Two through five is bisexual Okay three is right in the middle A lot if you want to you got to buy it If you have the ability to engage in sex willingly With members of both sex as you are bisexual Lots of straight guys go to prison and don't have gay sex They are the straight ones Rate not with standing So just because somebody is a message Okay, because everybody's communicating with me I've got all three of my correspondence on here today Lots of bisexual guys And straight guys represent themselves as straight Would never admit it to anyone possibly even themselves That they are bisexual or gay See my philosophy is don't ask don't tell I'm asking you that you have a special with dance To where somebody is talking about all the straight guys I'm sure that's where I'm laughing you forced me to say to explain why I got me Chris is coming because you are getting so fond of this with her He says trust me Neo I'm calm that woman is just getting on my he was bitching about that What's your name again? He's a Tammy Tammy Getting on my nerves because she sounds exactly like the student intellectual horse that are our DC That's where Chris is the up and DC, but he's a four-day guy So what are you going Uh Ha ha ha ha Well come on share it We're just saying we can all use a good life Oh, man Yesterday I was talking about it was wood by Wednesday And I was going to wood by this guy being a weight sensor of humor And confident enough that I'll understand it He said hope you win us a lot of money that they would buy And he's talking So he says when you're going to go back to get some of our money back That's great That's cute I call Chris your cute and more ways than one But anyway There he is Another superstar Everybody wants to be a star and a show We got Steven and we got the brand and we got Chris And we got this one and that one and whatever we got You know even that gay psychologist that you were reading right now He's still on this You wouldn't be finished Go ahead He said a lot of straight identified guys come to be and say this and that That's exactly what they are They're straight identified guys They're not straight because they've had some gay sex And you discussed it yourself with that other guy You're born with an orientated The guy that said remember the guy that the guy that the guy the guy the guy The guy would be a foreigner That was saying you know you choose to be what you were right You realize it You were very said realize that they can use a line That's what made me want to realize it It is so we realize it is that because you certainly don't decide You realize that you come to grips If I can use it. So we're all born What you're trying to do We're all born We're all born Just like Michael said to Vincent And godfather is like you Why are you doing that, what you are? And you're born that way and it doesn't matter what you later I said And it doesn't matter if you're embarrassed to identify yourself as a bisexual person if you have the ability to willingly engage in sex with a You know, hey, it's really ironic that you go through all this because generally speaking Uh-huh, and we talk about anything has to with gay you have a line. It's a good. It's a great line. You've been seeing it for years What's it to you? What's it to you? What's it? Who cares? I don't care in fact That's why the main reason is I don't ask because I don't want anybody to you know If if they're ready to a rock and roll that's fine with me I don't we need to need any identification. I don't like photo ID unless I'm worried about their age It's stuff like that. You know words have actual definitions and I know all that's Words don't mean so that's right, but they don't mean anything to me. You see I don't care. Well I don't care. That's fine, but some of us use words correctly And I like to Oh And some of us could pay a lot of money, but that's beside the point Okay, good money So I make mistakes. It would be my first mistake. Why make mistakes? It was a lot of fake a lot of fake No a lot of guys Plenty some gay guys want to play along with that fantasy because they you know, they think it'll cut into their action I don't have a fantasy of a label. Okay. I don't have that kind of a fantasy My fantasy would be that my friend from Berlin from last summer during the World Cup Which if I could draw you a picture you would a lot of you people would soon and fall on the forehead Say that can't be possible not you knew yeah, it was just one of those miracle experiences Okay, that would be my fantasy. Okay, is that I hope there's a knock on the door right now I hope in the door and there he is, okay Wabbling in here saying on with a little bit of love you'd saying a toothbrush and whatever else I'm the order I'm staying that would be my fantasy. Okay And I would say well let me ask you are you had a recessual are you one to six hundred record to skip I just say hey the show be over one thirty I wouldn't even say the show be over one thirty. I come running right back in here Say all I got a bad headache George you are the so started years ago because you were talking about how great it is to get a straight guy to have sex with you And I love you are you are crazy person. Okay. I talked about how great it was to get a few or some other things with another Fag run the W I would never said then I was like and I and I laugh and I hear what's so fire Said you'd never had never had sex with a straight guy and you got really upset and you still are to this day Let me put you this way Coming with like Tom Brady for example since he's in the newsies infregnity every slut in the I mean every Broad in the world. Oh, yeah, I would like when I looked at a sense with Tom Brady who's very head of sexual Yeah, as you gonna have sex with me. No, I'm never gonna meet Tom Brady. No, so who cares how great he quit? He would do in a pinch. You know I pinch it. I know a lot of people that are cheating on their wives But they would never consider themselves an adulterer because that would be too embarrassing So they called themselves monogamous, but that doesn't make it so I Think about we were very sorry. We were the person the other day too You're sorry. I had a cheeseburger. I'm gonna make it I would put faith in every piece of his food. I just have three words for you George remember the bird Wow Aren't you are two the guy that know I'm not but aren't you guys something? Well, you know you're gonna get this new deal and if normal is listening make sure you take some care of Jordan What did I say today? What did I say on the area yesterday take good care of George? You did and now you give me crap making up stuff that I said years ago about how I Was it again what was the phrase? You've had sex with straight guys and how great did I know that's something you said that I said you You've claimed that you and somebody guy were talking about how great it is when you can get straight guys to have sex with you No, when you get hot guys that sense with the next straight not gay Versace hot hot hot hot hot Remember that campaign you ran in channel four years ago. We're annoying. Remember that song hot hot That's how this whole argument started anyone There's no argument. I don't care don't you understand? I care less about this than almost anything in the world because it's so It's so ludicrous hearing you sitting around there pontificating they after day about gay people and the sex that we have and who we're doing and who we're not doing and what they are Well, I don't care. It's a no interest to me Talk about if some of you if some hot looking young with thing some female came in right now about 20 years old As hot as could be with gigantic bazombas scandley clad and she hopped in the ear lap Well, you say are you stray honey? You know I had sex with you How many of it is that all you straight guys are so obsessed with book dikes that just unbelievable now? So I had sex with this chick who considered herself a lesbian yeah She called herself a lesbian yeah, well then it might be a lesbian nothing and I had sex with her So let me know what it happens. Q a m hello. I did No, it was me I can you read the news as it getting Congress. Okay Ha Hi, gw, I better get back to the telephone directory W200 MO I think to Reverend George Hey gigabytes Especially she- Maria recordings exactly make up W 2 im. Hello my Oh, that's not your job. I don't know. He's been in here sucking around the last two days. He's looking to get the job back there. You're making enemies already. So good. Chris doesn't hear. He's getting free food in there, which he needs like a hole in the head because he's trying desperately lose weight and stay alive. If you want to stay alive, man, I'm telling you right now is a friend. I don't love you, but as a friend. Well, I mean, you know, how long was Josh on the show two years before we developed that special bond that's special love between a boardoff and the type of very platonic non-sexual kind of like. Yes. I have the effect that's the story of my life, but that's okay. I don't mind. 11.01 and before we made 1100 now, I've also got an hour and 18 minutes to go. Not that we're counting, okay. So, excuse me. I'm fucking bow. I'm down. I'm gone, I'm gone, I'm gone. I just left free half again. You can't make me sick. Though I have a problem. I'm crazy, you think I drink too much. I party all night until I throw up hope. Now I go for them, my hair. Lost my scent of reality. I'm crazy, crazy, just let me have again. I don't need their help. My name's not my hand. I'm crazy, crazy, you think I have problem more than just being done. It's called Insanity, yeah. Let me have again. I need more tattoo because I love the pain. I'm crazy, crazy, you think I have problem more than just being done. It's called Insanity. It's a bit about man. Crazy is a loon. Whatever that means. Why is a loon? Crazy, loon is a bit about crazy sound. Maybe. So, you do it. Have a loony tune. And what he would pack you in the box money. I'd say it's like a 20 sound too. Alma Fah. And it's so nice to have the care with that loony tune. Now they still have enough still have all those do they. I mean they're out there, but they're not making any new ones. Actually with our full day, that's one of the things I would like to go back is to being a kid. I used to go to number eight school and watch this. You're okay. In elementary school and kindergarten and first of all, it's second grade. And right across from the school was Louis Susman's new stand. Now, is that something I remember his name and I remember one year I mentioned on here. Oh, I remember Louis Susman's brother. It's like they got to talk about Steve Warren's brother. Who used to be the elevator operator at the golf street. Remember the hump or not used to talk about that all the time? Stop it. Yeah. Louis Susman was a guy and he had a a new stand back in the day. And it would tell you know, like still easing the, um, Fag gets some stuff like that. And comic books and baseball cards. And so when you were kid back in those days, that's the way it's been a lot of your time. We were fine condoms back in those days like now. Now, let's see how this is going. Well, I mean, this is an ongoing trick. I guess once it's on segment, one thing about the people online here that you get in touch with. You know, see all all of them. I don't think there's any exception. They all become hand-bones. You know, I mean, they're one of the celebrities. That's all. It's fine. I have no problem with that. We can use some good material. I mean, it's not as exciting as reading the newspaper, the phone directory. But then what is paper and plastic and aluminum foil? No, you see, you didn't understand what I was talking about. Did you with a tin foil? I don't have any problem sometimes. I mean, I don't have a problem at all the time. In fact, if I can get to a whole roll of aluminum foil, why don't I keep calling that everybody calls it tin foil? But that's where aluminum foil. Without like shredding like so it comes out like in little slices. I feel like I've already had a major conflict. There's my mother, but there's a me. Let's see. It says, if you're ever need a... And in other words, he's... I said to him about the line about winning back our money. I said, what time is yours, your one? He said, every other time you're a crew, he's it. And then he says, going back to your line, this whole business, because he's even more adamant than you are. He hates Tammy. Like, when somebody starts typing in camp of letters with the main information points, you know, they're worked up into a frenzy. No, not just because she's crazy. He's really funny. But he just hates your like poison for whatever reason. I think, you know, he's sucking up to you. I think he wants you. He's by, you know. And I understand. He hasn't seen you yet. Why can you see George? Of course you might change him. Nobody wants to see me. You're probably shut off his whole thing. What? I usually don't have bad sex because I'm just that damn good. It's what he said, but they're after a... Well, that's true. Bad sex is a rare thing. You know, how about that happened? No, no, I would not agree with that. There is such a thing. There is such a thing. There is such a thing. There is such a thing. There is such a thing. There is such a thing. There is such a thing. There is such a thing. And of course, now see, I was so surprised. I understand some talking about with a partner. I guess so. I guess so. Yeah, because he says, I don't because I'm just that damn good. It doesn't make any of us how good you are. But if you're... and of course that also goes back to the thing I was talking about in the last hour about the difference between gay sex, which certainly leaves many more. Oh, what's the term I was going to use? I don't say openings, but that's a very bad choice. No, that was a bad choice towards options. There's a lot of mechanical options. I suppose to the desperation of the simultaneous orgasm, which, you know, back in the day, of course, before all this women's lived, you guys didn't give a crap about that. It isn't the simultaneous orgasm. It's just getting them to have one. Yeah, well that's what I'm saying. Yeah. As opposed to the guys where we know it's all very easily accomplished. And that is correct. There are... we have these. John, it goes right. I thought you didn't think I'd get back to this, without this sex topic I got going on. Here I feel like Dr. Root, or at least sold enough, for my folks to impeach Bush and Shaney. All right, now we're talking heavy duty. Are you cracking your knuckles again? Yes, I am. Why? That's our crack expert. What a hell, I missed this thing goes on. Oh, brother. Why? I'll get it in there. I'll read as much as I can, and I'll chop myself off. So to speak. Now for my Governor Jim Douglasard Republican, with reasonably close-sized President Bush asked if there was any additional business to be considered at the town meeting who was running in middlebury for a month, Ellen McKay popped up and proposed the impeachment abortion-wise president Dick Cheney, to which we say, Oh! The Governor was not amused. He's a Republican. As moderator of the annual meeting, trying to suggest that they proposal to impeach along with another proposal with Roy U.S. troops from Rekhanaphi, voted on. But McKay, a program coordinator at Middlebury College, pressed her case. And if soon became evident that the crowd at the annual meeting, shared her desire to hold a present to a council of Douglas back down. It became clear that no one was going home until added a sense of disgust to resolution and vote of them, explained David Rosenberg, Rosenberg, a political-san professor of Middlebury College, and being a good politician, he allowed to vote to happen. By an overwhelming voice vote, Middlebury called for impeachment, so, if Scotland is weak, a town begins across from our most of which were held Tuesday. As Bruce Williams would say, Tuesday, and why he says that, I have no idea. Probably because he's an A-hole. Late Tuesday night, Tuesday night, there were confirmed reports that 36 towns had backed impeachment resolutions and almost expected to rise. In one town, Putney, the vote for impeachment was unanimous. I want to say that was named after Channel 10's Michael Putney, who's a nice guy, but as boring as, oh, listening to paint dry, not even watching it, just listening. And additionally, Governor Douglas's middlebury, the town of Harlan, which is under Congressman Peter Welfth, backed impeachment, so to the Jericho, while I'm under the walls of Crumblandown, home of Gay, Simonton, what kind of a name is the gay? The speaker of the Vermont House report of G.A. Y.E. That's a female. I know that's why I spell it. You smell it, nice spell it. Organizes as grassroots traffic at town meetings to back impeachment resolutions, hope that the overwhelming support the initiatives received, will convince Welfth to introduce articles of impeachment against Bush and Cheney. That's something they democrat a Congressman's resisting, even though as predecessor Bernie Sanders signed on last due to a proposal by the government, the government, the government, the government, congressman, John Conner, to set up a house committee to look into impeachment. Well, you realize we just got an hour to go to the awful basketball here at all. I feel really cheated today, not. And then, of course, tomorrow is payday, not. And Chris is not too happy, so he's stubbed. Why are you up here? He has a mirror. Yeah, if I was as bad as you are, man, I'd have difficulty seeing mine. And, in fact, even now, I'm, from my act, I also want to legislate through the poor articles of impeachment before them to congress, the Simington, also a Democrat, as the Scourge Initiative, despite the fact that more than 20 representatives of course, prompted impeachment resolution, Spinalist Democrats, man, there's another one for you. Gay, Simington, no one of the color. Gay. You know, as you ought to be hard for Peter Welfth and gay, Simon, to say there's no cinnamon for impeachment, now that our towns have voted for it, since Dan B. Walt of Newfane, Vermont, town select man who started the impeachment initiative last year in his town, and not pants to launch a campaign to pressure Welfth and Simon, from respect and reflect the will of the people. It's going to be even harder for Governor Douglas, who just this month spent two nights at the Bush White House to face his president. After all, Douglas Nell is in town that's on record in the fort of Bush's impeachment and trial for high crimes and misdemeanors. And it goes on and on about all the different parts of the resolution, about a beat for the, John Nichols' new book, by the way, the genius of impeachment, the founder is cure for royalism, and that's something I better go out and get there right now. I also got to go out and get the, borat DVD. No, an acidity, an expat. Oh, you're going to send it to me. What a guy. See there he is. He gave me a whole solid answer. Are you going to like crazy? Saying remember the bird, remember the main? Is that what you said? Remember the main? That's right. Remember Marjorie main? Marjorie main. Were you going to be 100 years old to remember that old bag? Who? How about what's your name? The head of the T bag hanging from her hat? What was your name? Many pearl. Many pearl. Very good. You see that was a private robber. They've had him on their old day for quite a lot. And in fact, I would say right about now he looks really ready. Spread of Clark and a manager are walking to lunch when they find an antique oil lamp. They rub it and a genie appears. The genie says, I'll give you each just one wish. Me first says the administrative clerk, I want to be in the Bahamas driving a speed both without a car in the world. The genie snaps his fingers and poop. The woman disappears. Me next says the sales rep. I want to be in Hawaii relaxing on the beach with my personal masseuse. And then let's supply opinion. Kalamaz and the love of my life. The genie once again snaps his fingers and poop. Gone. Okay, you're up next. The genie says to the manager. And the manager says, I want those two bag and the office after lunch. Paul. Paul. Good day. Good day. 1231 and 56. He's got a QAM. We're a little long signal song. Can we? I say let's make a vow. Okay. Let's have our vows. Sure. A play music. 258 friends by the way, our space page. We're going to, I think, what we'll do. We have a goal on there like a 2000 will be phenomenal. I'm going to show it on. Well, I mean, it's going to be a long way. So yeah, 2000 will be such a spectacular number. But nevertheless, maybe Johnny G. can go out and find some friends to put on there. Johnny, get any friends? Oh. When he valve blues baby, fifth to pitch in Maryland with cool. So I think it's a good pause. She could cool. Koo-choo. By the way, Chris wants to set you up with some object. He's married. Sweet. He's married. Maybe like, she's sick as to. Some object in Miami. He can do a fast-getting question. Straight, the dyke by just letting send a bike. Chris. Match. Make her match. Oh, did I say bye? Anyway, we're not going to discuss that on the show. Okay. It's just ponders. I mean, you've got your thing about your, you know, Adam and Milton and Tammy, of course, is diametrically opposed. He's like hysterical about us. And I just, I really don't care. I don't care. Okay. It's of no consequence to me. Okay. I'm not interested in labels, in words. I'm a man of very few words in those kinds of situations. I'm not interested in words. Okay. More interested in deeds. Remember Mr. Deeds goes to Washington. Mr. Deeds are going to send him up there for a Chris. If you don't watch your ass, he might take care of it. Never less. Okay. Let's get back to what we're doing. What we doing? We're killing time. Fifty minutes till basketball time. Is there anybody in this audience? Okay. Here's a great idea. Because these people have nothing to talk about today. There's nothing going on. There's a lot of dead people in Iraq and more dead soldiers and stuff like that. But they're so used to that. Fine. I've only been like, like, fade that away. Said network. They've shot themselves. They've, they've, they've shot themselves up. And they don't care anymore. Remember that scene? Yes. Yes. Well, that's America for you know. People are just beaten down to a bloody pulp. So I'm saying what we got to do is find out how many people are going to be listening to the hurricane basketball game at 130. I want to freaking 130. You women, Merlems, the ACC chairman from Tampa with the beast and Clarence and Joe's a Gaki. Terrors are Gaki. Fuck. Okay. Oh. And what device are you going to use to measure this? We're going to take a survey on the phone. What are you laughing about? Okay. I want to find out from an audience. They're going to be listening at 130 or if they're going to be turning that dial. Or maybe just going to take a nap or taking a cold shower. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 in the horizon. Well, this is kind of interesting. So it's like over and above our regular poll. So to speak. We got the regular poll going on on the side. And how many votes we got on the regular poll? Chris, we got 1134. Well, we're going to make over 1200 today. Eat more of the short show. I guarantee it. I'll bet you Chris is life on it. Okay. So we got, oh, you know we're going to do that. We got almost an hour to go. We can't get 66 votes in an hour. What kind of a dump? Don't be 800 pound weekly. Okay. Now we should have as a, as a, as a, Frankie Pan tangibly would say, have some fiduci, which means have some faith. Without that means fiduci. Yeah. Sounds filthy. My father used to say that all time fiduci. He was a jackass. My father. A relation to darn fiduci. Yeah. John fiduci. W. Hello. Okay. But now he would, would you rather listen to us or the game? Or listen to you guys. Okay. Thanks, Pally. Drive it safe. Q. I am hello. Q. I am. How are you doing sir? I'm not going to be listening at the 130. Ha ha ha ha ha. Not only is he not going to be listening, but he's getting to be kick out of a two. I didn't like that. If I'm, let's keep track now. Yes. He keeps going. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm wrong. Yes. You go. I'm keeping score. I can handle I got 80 different things going on here at the same time. Like my my space. I got this. I got all kinds of crap going on. Be like a little. Double two way. Hello. I'll be in the channel 130. Working off a little more sign. Okay. All right, but. So you can be. He might have had a Sony walkman when she's working off that slam. Maybe she's listening to what's his name, Sean. I'm gonna I won't 30 when it's there my exercise routine. It's called lifting me four to the mouth I'm just gonna have me a little like a little bit of the code for the length Then I'm gonna find out about all of Chris's a sexway exploits there online. You know if he put a lot of food on the other thing We I don't think I have enough time to find out about all of the never-ending W2AM hello I definitely I would think it okay. Thank you, sir. Okay, so out of the first force and I look good. QAM hello Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. We please play the two seconds best. WQAM hello. Yeah, yes I'll be listening as long as it only sports near the whole time. Okay 560 560 560 the horizon see it around the time. Well, that's actually what they're gonna do Wait a minute here comes an important message. Oh, it's from American distress See what I said the other day about how I hate these things are I can't stand these old nails I Know one on subscribe might be important, but I doubt it WQAM hello QAM Hello, yes I will definitely be listening to me when the best games of the year. I'm looking forward to it I can't wait. I'm gonna excited. I get the person to pick the comment right on the game That means you are in hello. That was your bell. QAM hello You crack on hopeless and you crack our love you man. Good day game WQA 2AM hello Yes, if you're not on the radio I have to go back to work. Okay Thanks WQAM hello Hey, yeah, yes You're best thing to happen is talented Greg Wooden. Yeah Hey, you ever not a poll of those that have to do with the basketball game. Are you gonna be listening at one thirty of the Kings game? Not a basketball fuck say it. Okay. Thank you. Okay, so nine votes so far three S six no WQAM hello QAM I think maybe Joe Bell and Claire and for probably the only ones listening after one thirty because I'm gonna dive at that dial and shut it off Do you dive in at it this must be Greg Lewis and his calling? It's only diver. I know one thing about most well, I want what is it? Where did that come from? You know what the whole thing about swimmers and divers most of the big A I don't understand that Can you explain that to me? I don't know it just seems to Just so many things Grab it. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah We'll take toward it. WQAM hello See that was another one was where you punch it up and it's like I don't fall out The way the way down the answer Hola Hello Hello Hello hello Hello hello Hello Hola journey QAM 560 Hello Hello, schmuck WQAM hello You probably got to radio stir-up QAM hello We'll got it Yeah Can't do it 32AM hello Yeah, I love the listen that Joe's a gagty what I think weep Okay, sounds like a note of me QAM hello Definitely won't be watching that. Listen to that game and George did you see South Park where it's nice no, but take it I heard it was good Okay, you've been in a Chris here your friend correspondent there and he's your buddy now I thought he was mine but he's your buddy now because he says also you guys watch talk park was great last night I didn't really remember to watch it. You know I wasn't sleepy and so I just take that I hit record went to bed. Oh, you better watch it See it on why it was so far because everybody says it was great last night. It's always great Love him 47 on the full man will get to our 1200 We got like let's see 21 and 30 is 51 minutes still it and so far we've got let's see 9 9 12 Oats 9 will not be listening 3 years so this audience that the Three quarters of 75% we buy buy buy But we don't care about that because we got a lot of spots in that freedom Have you ever turned on the radio and said that sound makes me Hey, okay, record visits sounds that make you want to Make you want to throw up you get I can sleep father up and who could forget the class You can do the puket Make it one out Thought like something that's a music to me songs to make you want a few if you go to and I here's a line that's gonna really get you in my last the correspondence of paragraph here Okay, I'd add well I know you're right. Let's do the show on on I don't know well no, yeah because I ask you that all the time She was listening to the car running errands and stuff, but I'm not really sorry. Yeah sure go ahead I'd absolutely absolutely absolutely I was the love this and my female friend over the studio to bring George and Chris lunch and they can dual all over Trust me that have to be units not to When they see her in the flight we would love to have her come to this studio and bring I thought there was a period there after that Sorry, it's taken a breath Oh, maybe we can set this up and then we'll then we'll see then they will fear you man. That would be all with that We were with that having some nice voluciose. I'm ready coming here bring you lunch and just get from the video Get him to know you She gets said on my lap. We'll talk about whatever pots. I didn't say that Don't you Q a m hello? No, yes, sir I want 30. I will be going to the Marguer police collection and I'll do a little call and model of self Excellent choice which was you will not be listening. W Q a m hello Q a m Neo you do me a favor Can you please other team on away? Oh, you hit it and the mad dog you No, no, please please go back and learn something with your okay to call me back in about Hey, maybe I'll do it. Yeah, there you go. There's a little point. Yeah, there you go Well, if you would speak perfect English really we'd like real English, you know not that baby talk please I'm sure it's a basic into spirit Speaking English, but pick it in good ways five six seven oh five 60 You take a little quick survey here to find out how many of our people's are gonna be listening minute you and a pregame show comes out of 130 this is just a proof of plan Which you already know the answer a gigantic a mammoth tuna. I mean just unbelievable In fact one of my correspondence under yesterday. I think it was semi-any meal saying how can they possibly be that stupid? Now actually was a couple days ago when we had the Marlins came on Remember on Tuesday when we left at 1250 yeah, how can they be that why don't they put it on another station? How can they be that stupid even our my space friends out there are a student? They don't you don't have to be in radio you have to be a program actually really was but nevertheless we enjoyed a lot I'm not complaining. I want you to understand that But I think there ought to be like a some kind of a I a what what would you call like an adjustment like increase our number by when the book comes up I bought 15 but I look ahead to cap score will like I don't forget that's right To compensate for all those days when we have like nobody I mean nobody listen of course parents Parents is playing the broadcast or he's better can't can't his sports broadcast their parents there I'll back up another dollar like a little child, you know And your belt says oh yeah, no problem like Frankie Pentagre. Yeah, you want to go sure no problem like that stupid W2 AM hello Neil yes sir At 120 I'm gonna be blazing up a block of super sculpting then I don't know what's gonna happen after that. Okay W2 AM hello Neil, you're good sir Those hurricane jerseys under the big letter you they had to put fairies Loat you fair right that's right What it that means that's a fairer when I came with the fairie and you fair now is excellent See I told you these calls were gonna be sensational on your sitting there now I know I'll talk more about the gay men in Australia who cares about that nonsense, you know Jesus beaten it to a bloody pulp. I can say that. Nobody QOM hello QAM Neil yes, can you play the best approach that clown in jamba? WQAM hello Yeah, I just heard it QAM Yeah, you want if you want to number the drop at one thirty put your world back on here Are you gonna be gonna see the basketball game so that's the question? No, I'm not coming to the end. Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much W2 AM hello QAM Neil Bye When it's out he's soon out. Why he's so little but so near about it too not me. I'm tune it out. I'm out of here baby. I'm out Then he's time like a little bit squirrely about it Camilita no need to get like a psychotic about none of them. It's not our choice. Okay. Who's up to us? We'd say until midnight right? Anybody buy me that? WQAM hello I'll be listening to tapes at one thirty Yeah That was uh that was so well yeah, he's he's already getting ready for that summer schedule But that's not that far away either. What is it to eat the march? April made June three months all my god I got a nice vacation ever between not that all far away about a month away Wow I bet you Joe is happy for Bentley and he's probably doing the a green apple crisp stuff a lot these days No one at George is going to be on three days a week starting like the middle of June all the way through the rest of June and July and August And like up until a week after labor day. Oh, man Let's see here it says I don't do my space so I can't send you the link but trust me it says you've got to see this clip from NBC news Type in the URL and watch it says And URLs this long shot of the unseen video. Yeah, how about email me the link and then we can just click on it and I can forward it to you and nobody has the type Why you see that can't I can't do this? I can't do it I'm a good person. I can't do it. I'm too lazy To type in the URL. I mean granted so long but you know I can't do that. I can't handle it although you notice this I see if the I hate that underline stuff because it's got like underline under a word you don't underline under a word I mean No, no, that's the way that show enough. In other words this is his facts. That's the hyperlink That's the blue line that you're seeing under there So you all I see what both gonna get confused and sure the under there What goes in between there is is a underline underscore. Yeah, okay I can add it right after the show after the show. I don't have time to do all these things I may be like a magician here handling all of this stuff there, but I can't do all of that. I'll take it through an extra hand Okay, what do you miss most about your youth? I'm not gonna even read the results do it once more before the evolving because it's boring 116 yeah, we got that totally we got the 1200 like tonight even on a short show Chris 116 so they may be ripping your ass But voila tell you now Which I believe it used to get like four or five thousand votes on a poll not WC William hello not there in Mr. Chan's QA and hello I'm not watching a game either Okay, QA and hello, yeah, look into your speaker. You'll see Joe's a gag over Try to get a personality transplant QA and hello Yeah, no way I'll be listening to that to you. I'm game. I read listening to some Panthers hockey Number one number two. I'll yes. I'll back in the town and I heard that you had mentioned that guy JPD used to work for you. Yeah, I don't know if you know the I'm a friend is to kill me if you knew I was calling you, but He's working at channel seven now JP a pop-alum problem Yeah, JP you know, how's he go dude? He's doing pretty well over there, but I know we tried to email you one time to tell you was back in town and You know, you should know I never got it. Tell me how about our my space man I'm not come hop on it. Thanks. Well there you go and you kept saying to the other day Well JP I don't remember working on this station boy. I'll tell you boy you have I think you're old times It's going to have a selective memory for the people And now it's got nothing to do with sex. I mean he does obviously he's how to inhale If you take out a 40 pounds of hair off his chest, but Yeah, what does that got to do with them? I mean remember people that I worked with including a what's your name Shannon What ever now was he's here for long. Okay, okay? Oh, well, what's the point? Everything with you is about whether you would trick to do how a lot of a hop on their bones See I never had JP crawled around on his hands and he's in a four lucky. We're doing with Shannon there Opening up the cabinet looking for stuff that wasn't in there. All right, I mean that was so freaking obvious It's just a sit there just Chortling to myself like huh, but like that man would have pervert. You know, there's one thing that I can really relate to it's perverts In fact all my correspondence here on this my space do many people I talk to are real Proverts trust not amateur perverts. I'm talking about real perverts those are the kind of people I can relate to And I want to associate with anybody who's a goody two shoes or just need to want to try to be a pervert and you deal with them You know, I mean And even even you go on. I don't even trust those people Yeah, because you're for a critical crap and that means that whatever We don't either that word pervert me. We don't want to be classified as perverts No, just I guess lonely. I just mean what they're into is too embarrassing for them to admit probably W2AM hello QAM Come on, got to tell WQAM hello QCGK you company man, you fairy WQAM hello 7775 all right give it a ring Maybe there's a one this thing we were saying nobody on five WQAM hello Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, this is giving dining gonna be calling that game Who? You're Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy yeah, smoke WQAM hello. How you doing Neil? Okay? No, take it a survey here and these people got their own agenda and just a yes or no very simple yes You know, they still can't get it done that's the kind of riff rap. That's the kind of swill That's the kind of walking manure that populates such a gigantic portion of software. That's what we do with I'm sure I love it I personally am in Chandler with it. Let's see five ten fifteen sixteen 6919 Okay, well that that's a hard number to figure so let's let's give another one for yes four just make one up somebody will send the building because they're captive audience So there's twenty votes with one forty one for yes 16 no and four for yes So 16 out of twenty is eighty percent 80 percent are gonna be tuning out Of course we have this gigantic humongous audience but what anybody worry about and then of course What they would tell us is you have what you're not accounting for these zillions of people are gonna be tuning in Starting who learned that you just wait for that clock to come you get yourself over that Stasting will find you Stasting will get you that clock and you look at now. What were did you just say there? Puck Our schmuck I think you said well, they got one in here a little hockey stuff, you know Peter Stazney there he goes I wonder what guilty things about that We could put on we could put on clips from old hockey games and I think probably have a bigger number Well, who the hell is that on the avalanx man? Oh man, where'd hell he come from? Oh man, oh talking players look out now This is not a tumah it's the one the two hour I Group play games That keeps the eyes off I behind this thing They're not taking Yeah, you got to hide your part away Yeah, you got to hide your part away Apples I got some very exciting news for you guys. I think your close personal new friend Chris here on our my space is going to get you some food. That's good. I did say to late. I said some food. Okay. And the first one is listening right now. George is long suffering. Don't get me in the middle of this. Okay. I got none to do with this. Okay. What's your big more? No. No. You know something today has been on a what it is. If the baby just son is shining or finding we're falling out a little bit up here. My brain finally unstaffed. I mean in regard to everything you know all the things that we talk about time and all my. I'm supposed to everything finally snapped into place. I'm sending them morning all about excellent. I'll tell you another is about it. I'm serious. I'm just finally a I am too. I mean and you and you should have of all people you should have you know done this a long time ago. But you didn't but that's all right. You you like the angst in the drama. And what it says awesome trust me they will be thanking me when they see her. And I'm how am I going to get you in touch with him. How do I do that? Tell me in the middle of my space. Oh yeah why don't you do it. Yeah why why do I got to be the pimped here. Right. You know it's hard on there for a pimped. Ha ha ha ha. Come on. You can do a Christian find George is. Right. Right. I'm one of your top friends just click on my top friends right away. They look for me. I'm just a sense of there. There you go bouncing Jessica as George is remembering those days when Jessica was sitting right across the table and he can't reach him. I'm trying to grab a little something from so. I mean the left that he is. Or she was actually very nice. So with nice I'm sure she was very nice. I wish Nick would be sitting across the table for me right now. You know it's interesting. Remember that Alan guy has mother called out one time and he started that. The my space thing for celebrities whatever it was I figured with the name. Right. Whatever it is. And Nick let's say is one of the people on there and he said I'm going to get Nick in touch with him. And at one time I got something from that Alan guy that was kind of like incoherent and make any sense and with something about Nick but it wasn't really Nick. There was somebody talking I don't know what it was. And when your big star like Nick you know you can't be bright and there's slupper. He would write to me. I mean if Johnny that was right in the Johnny G then certainly Nick is going to write to old. I was pretty sure I'm trying to come up with my music going to the ball game. Oh I know what my B. We have a vocal step on. We'll be good. Al Martino. One half. So small sea. It's a little amount of money. I got to update my money for that. Yeah there you go. A little amount of money would be good before it again. But everybody will come up. It will be probably about two or one maybe one thirty one. What was that? So, again passed the line. So, it's really on. Pass the line is this when they were walking around with the sheep and the balloon. Yeah. Body guards at the shotgun. I'm not rather heard that. But that's you know. Yeah. Or that. This one sounds so much more honest. Some of them were ominous. A seabull. She used to be the traffic lady of Diane Z. I'm this. What a memory. Oh yeah I like this. But it's very shit. It's like George. It's very short. So if I was you I keep your eye peeled for a email for my buddy Chris. Oh I love this. Now here are small. Maybe if you want the diff is small. So not quite much small. So just general plan will every day eat a few smalls. This is it. With a bunch of glasses. This is it. With a bunch of glasses. And the juice for my army of highman. Maybe that's where they got the smalls from all the cities. That was from highman Roth. What do you think? They beat or maybe from Oogas. Or I thought we was kicking back in that chair there. It's Lord. I'm enrolcing the light up there. Yeah but then when he took his shirt off and I once seen we saw him back in a couch. We don't want to see a 90 year old man with a hairy white hair just. Oh, I mean I don't care of what persuasion you may be. Although Pat Bluen said friendly persuasion. Did he? He did. He's saying friendly persuasion and thought workers in my fight. I bet you have that in there. Friendly persuasion. I don't know if anyone got Moody River. I like that moody river. I must confess that back in the day I love Pat Bluen. I hit him like poison physics. He's the right one. We religious phony. Ever could go a piece of crap. There you go Moody River. What I'd say? 1958, 50 meh. Somewhere around there. 60. Ok. I said. I was like, do you work? Sorry, I was getting up to you. You chop me short. So he's a good man. Ok, so I'll kill him. Beat Bluen. Pat Bluen. a book twist 12 and 20 and don't do this and don't touch that and don't take these things and man in the meantime he was doing everything that move pad boon. Would like to have done him back then, this matter of fact, but I can't say that on the year because it sounds very gay. 1,07,05,16,17,17,17. Kill your honey. They're breaking their rotios, the gody family. You wear a six-pensive attire, you toss a muil, like a sire. You ride with a spintire, the gody family, sand with a mole. Kill your ass, kill your gang, the nose, tell you the truth. So leave a little bit. Where? If you think you are tough, there's people that you'll make stuff. You won't find things on the rough in the gody family. From an attempt to one at five, 60, WDK, we're only 18 minutes away from that big, gigantic U.M. Maryland, the ACC training. I won't think it can be on the espionage or something Chris wanted to be on TV. Who knows? Come on, let's not have a set of specary answer. I thought you were really training with corny, they were kissing my ass. I mean, whenever you were doing it, I mean, I can try to find out, but I'm trying to find out. Listen to me. Listen to me. Like Howard Beale would say. Listen to me. Television isn't the real truth. Okay, heard us. I'm a herald.com. See, remember today that what's his name, Bale.leftown? I don't see. I just know I'll be watching it or see it because I'll be at U.M. What do you mean by that? Spring practice football to go down there. I'm ready to host Augustine Tumargo dies. I have no idea who that was. Do you think we better talk about that? Who? Augustine Tumargo, the gravelly voice fast talking Spanish language radio commentator. Known for his passionate insightful analysis of local politics, Cuba and Castro died last out of a heart attack he was 80. Jimmy thought it was for no was supposed to die. Tumargo might as well own show on a radio mom B. 710. 65. When the station premiered. 710. 710 used to be. You can talk to Ken Walden about WDGS. To show you how to demographics to the market have changed. Used to be the grave WGS 710. In fact, it's a 710 berkel avenue. Are you worried? No. Isn't that ironic? They're 710 on the dial. They're throwing that. What? Coincidence. And get out of it, coincidence my ass, my pimple yes. Anyway he was also a regular on Mesa Revolta a roundtable discussion. I watched the main topic was usually Castro and Castro still alive and now this poor guy Augustine Tumargo. He's dead. Now what am I looking for? Sports. Okay. I hate to do this on the air but I mean Chris leaves me no choice. You leave me no choice, man. Let's see. Let me go ahead. Sports. Sports. Oh, I'm glad I said that. I'm at turn. Let's see. You have an FSU to go for a tournament. The Bupupupah. I need to go for a tournament and I'll see what it says here. This is the hero to keep in mind so it might not be easy to figure out. Where's the thing where it says radio and TV and what's on and etc. And so on? Can't find it. Oh God. Let's see. Colleges. UM. Okay. UM. Basically you want baseball. We're going to care about UM baseball here right now. We're talking about the hoops, man. Hoops. We're going to hell is it? Watch. Listen. Think. Hurricanes. Basketball at a glance in your pants. No chance. Like romance. No, seriously. I just, all of a sudden about 10 minutes ago, my brain snap back into place. My life's baked. No, seriously. My life's based lunacy just all of a sudden. I just find it. I just realize, no, seriously, people have a life. People live their lives. People are in terrible live their lives. Everybody have a great time. That's why you know what I'm saying? I'm going to start right now. So I don't want to wait for 10 minutes. Why? To start having a great time. I'm going to line up that brain now. Right now because I'm just baking my way through these final minutes. I can't find it. This newspaper man on a scale of zero, what kind of garbage is this? What kind of swirl? Like I said, you better find out from somebody who's on TV. They're not going to tell you. They think we're going to tell you if it's on TV. Like any of us, we're going to of course it'll be on somewhere. If it's the ACC term, you think that isn't going to be on television somewhere. Mr. You must be dreaming. You must be in a dream world. Let's see if I can find it here. I'm going to look for the Sun Center because that's where I found out about what's his name, Saben leaving. Okay, that day. Remember that day? How a birthday. We were saying, everybody. All of our big hot shots for us people. And I get the scoop on it because it was on the Sun Center. Saben and I was just leaving. Okay. New evidence cited in the lay of release of autopsy in death of end in the course myth. We don't care. We don't ever hear about that slut again. Forget about her. University of Miami. Okay. I'm clicking on right now. I'm a Sun, a slum, Sentinel. ACC hoping Florida fans will take note it says. Whatever the hell that means. Now we're at a sea. New hurricane coaches got new rules that suffer ball. Where the hell is the radio and TV stuff? Where is it? Can't find it. Please tell us, please. Pretty please. Not inside the building. Can't find it. Can you find it? No. How about the information? I'm looking. I'm looking. I can't find this. University. Well, that said I made my effort. I tried. Sun, Sentinel, and there. We can't find it. Sorry. Maybe somebody on the phone will know what you think. WDQAM. Hello. Good afternoon. Yes, sir. Is that K-Mont TV? No. I didn't hear what you said. Okay. Go ahead. First of all, how was your trip to wood yesterday? Horrible. Horrible. Just wrote, test. Bad, really bad. No good machines. No good machines for this kid, man. No. Okay. Earlier before I left my car to watch, you mentioned, oh my God, by longer, radio accident. Bruce. Oh, I'm really okay. Yeah. Oh, whatever. Bruce and I said no, right. Tuesday. It's Tuesday. He was horrible. He was horrible. I used to actually hopped in mid-Ada. Many months radio accident, listening to him before I discovered you had been a loyal listener ever since. Okay. Thank you, sir. Have a good day. And you too, have a good life. Here's a fact that says, let me get this for you. I gave those in her K-Mont TV. I said, Rosenstein, Prince Burgh, Schwartz, I know the other stage. That's a tough one. I'm going to listen to the sound of nails being scratched on a blackboard. Wow. How do you like that for a real shot? Nails on a blackboard. And Sid Rosencrans teamer. Or Hurricane's basketball. Maybe the worst of all. Hey, sound that you. Hey. Yeah, like the sounds of some horrible sporting event pre-empty, Michelle. Not that I'm complaining. I'm delighted. I can start working on my lunch right there. 130. 18. 12th quarter will be on FSM. Fox Sports. No, I'm so worried. Of course, I'll be on TV. It'll be on TV here even. I could watch it. Do you think I'm going to be watching that crap? No. You bet you sweet life. I'm not going to be watching that garbage man. Clarence, my ass with all of it. But the contracts is, you have cars. Of course, that's part of the other additional wonderful stuff. I do these sports teams is that they sign these contracts. What if the sports teams are playing outdoor with a bunch of 10-year-old kids? And the game actually means something to them. If we have to carry it on the air. Hey, right. They should spot us a point in the rating. They should spot us 15 points in numbers. If we get a 7-year, they give us a 222. Is what they should give us. Don't forget the trends are coming out tomorrow. What time? 11. 30. Yes. See, I like to sound all whipped up about this because I know a lot of people out there are very, they didn't hate it. I mean, half an hour is in the air. The world, but like when the Marlins, back to the vision games on 12.50, that's two hours in 10 minutes that they're losing of this hour and 10. I'll sound them much either. Although we'll take it. I'm not knocking it. We'll take it. I'll earn 10 minutes. Where's my? Well, I don't forget please because nobody's going to know this. You're all going to get screwed up Sunday morning. Saturday night when you go to bed, turn a clock ahead now or daylight, saving time comes back early now. They changed the law. Canada, US, got to win those where else. Newfoundland. Newfoundland. Huh? Newfoundland. You saw that twice you go to Newfoundland. You know, Newfoundland is an hour and a half ahead of where I am right now. I know that's why I said that. What's the very last hour? We're soon in place in North America. They're talking, I'm not going to be this. Like a half hour of power, newfany. Or some idiots would say Newfoundland. What kind of a moron would say Newfoundland? Newfoundland. Newfoundland. 20 past one. If you want, we're going to get with it here because we got that big, big, big, big game coming up with parents, the main parents, Darrell. Oh, because she Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers. I remember one. There were a lot of people that thought I lost my mind when I said global change if we're going to play. Even polar bears in the yard, it could tell Earth was a warmer place. Hey, watch me dance now. Boom, check a little of the boom. And I was out there. No speech prepared and they called my mind. They said, out more worms were inconvenient truths. But that feeling of one does not compare with a feeling of standing next to Leonardo. He's cute. This Oscar's my baby. Oh, how far do I have to my baby? Oh, how far does Oscar my baby? Oh, how far? This documentary. Okay, once 25, you're going to begin the email from our buddy Chris sometimes. I'm kind of pushing on it because obviously you're, and he says, you sound like the poster child for not getting married. And I said, you are. I'm so willing to wreck the show. Yeah, so I said, it doesn't matter. I'm doing a series of lectures. Good idea. Okay, let's take a look at that pool. And then we're going to be out of here pretty soon because we got a very, very important thing coming up here in a second. The team is most about your youth. Twelve hundred and twice six votes. Not too bad for a short show. And for really marginal pull question, sex with young people my own age 234. Being irresponsible had no real consequences to a six. My body, 181. All my young, supple body. I never had one. Real music one, four. My hair, 84. Being single 82. American Americans are, were mostly like to broad. 66 years ago, they liked this once upon a time in America. Being ignorant as an ignorant as a blitz oblivious 51, I hate this pull 49 3.9%. Well too bad. My stamina 41. Rio Radio 37. Being in school actually learning something 33. Segregation 32 racist best stop rose out there. The cold war because at least we knew who the enemy was 15. The Ruskies, Kamalista, Kamalista, Kamalista, and real newspaper 11. 12. I guess there are probably a lot of people in South Florida think they really have real newspapers to which I would say, oh yeah, make no mistake about that. So this has been, let's see we took we had 20 votes on it and in a real quick mini pool 16 said it was actually only 19. 16 19 said, are you kidding me? We're going to be listening that stuff. But it's very important. It's I don't know why. Don't you think it's important? I mean like the regular season, gave us this anybody go, they built that new arena there. Anybody go to a mall? Thousands of empty seats. They needed that arena like the, as my grandmother was saying, Dr. Saviour, lock and cup. You know what that means? The means you need this like our whole and the head. Dr. Saviour, lock and cup. I'm going to tell you man, the joys are here. It is a great, you know. Once her show starts. You know, she, well, I'll double dig her up. She was a panic. She was really funny. If you think my mother was funny, I had ran away with my other side and a solemn and I told her the name was a new village and they changed it to Solomon because they didn't want to be so conspicuously Jewish. Now, what I want to make is also made that story. They say, ha, what a lie. And I want to hear as your mother and your grandmother having an argument. No. No, what you want to hear was my mother and my aunt having an archmobile boy. That would really be special. My aunt, the reader who's still alive by the way, in the hell and Dale. And I know I never, ever again, I got that one, not figure a couple of times. I got email from my, my cousin's kid who's like 20, 9 or 30 whatever right now. But third man. The Christmas time. And I responded and he listened and he says he listens for the earphones on, gritting from the ear to ear every day and just really excited about this show and being a related to me, although distant. And I never heard from him again. Huh, maybe find out you were, you know, Jewish. He, he believed me. Trust me, you think anybody listens for this show for five minutes is no, okay. Oh, we still get those calls every night. And I'm out in here. People still ask me away. So, but it just has to be guilty of it. One, and I really, really get it. He, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he he there he he no he he he he he very far he he he he's zero if he done he The preview from 6th to 7th of the Panthers of the 12th hold off of your flyers. In other words, between now and till because then in CSP and radio after that, in other words, till tomorrow morning, bye everybody. To the entire staff manager of WQM, will wish you a pleasant, good evening, Moana Santa. I believe in America. Good night and may the good news be yours as Ralph Redneck would say if he were here today. Good night, and may the good news be yours as Ralph Redneck would say if he were here today. Good night, and may the good news be yours as Ralph Redneck would say if he were here today. Could we forget?! Oh incredibly great. This is Christ. Your music isn't fading away, isn't? It's 130. I know.