Happy birthday, my dear. What a holiday. A lot of presidents day sales. How about Martin Van Buerick and William Henry Harris, what about a typical New England Tyler too? I mean, what would I chop with it? What if anybody hear? See Jack Abramman. Bruts are in your suit and for the round. He's through a lot of people but be sometimes get out home. But God is variety, you'll come. You're me, buddy. See you, Christian, doctor. The people of Mount McDonald's. Happy birthday to you, good to be born. Happy birthday to you. Happy to be born with you, son. Oh, hey, birthday, my dear. It was the 1000s before. Or in a Christian to go and watch men for you and me. Happy birthday to you, my dear. He's working so hard to see me. In other words, he's easy, but he's here. He's saying, I'm too late. Or there's still one hot dog on his horse. He's got a smile, I've been long and can't pay a lot. Abramman, doctor. And so on. I'm going to show you a little bit of chill in the air and south Florida. It's 30s and low 40s and south Florida. It's the minus 12 here in Toronto, Los Sanishan. It's like a plus 10s. It's a plus 10s. It's a plus 10s. It's a plus 10s. It's a plus 10s. It's the minus 12 here in Toronto, Los Sanishan. It's like a plus 10 Fahrenheit, 10 degrees. And you used to it, you know? You're right, bad luck. Whether it's one of those things you can use to, you dress for it. Unless it's like a blizzard and the wind is blowing as it emiles an hour and you can't, you know. Like that. Unless it's like that. You make allowance for it. Now I had an exciting day yesterday. It would buy and actually had a winning day. All right. Well 500 bucks. I mean, not enough to put it in my, you know, I've had a rough go since I came back early for my vacation in Wood by May. Haven't found a good machine. Maybe I'll try a weapon moon. I'm going to pray to him next time. See if I'll ever talk a moon can do it for me. Keep. So I don't know what we're doing here today because the morning guys are not on and the Humper is not on. Just me and the mad dog and it he came. In fact, well, what a bizarre line up today. We're going to go this morning. We can have a bizarre. So I him last night. It was it, uh, not last night, Saturday night. Panthers and lightning. That was quite a game. Anybody out there watch it? No. Go to it. No. Panthers won over time. Five four and of course they're golden. It gives an embarrassing of disgrace. But I were going to talk about hockey. No, not a hockey talk. I was listening this morning, which I figured how to get us about a What about a minus point one? We got mad dog get to thank the Lord for that. All right. And then we got to power our only with the mad dog for the five silver. He's doing two to five soles. What that means for get about the power hour today. Then any came for the humper between five and seven. So the humpers take it off for our president's day. I bet you had always president he liked. William Howard Taffed. Why? Because he was big and fat. Oh, well, Teddy Roosevelt was too. Not that big. Who Teddy Roosevelt wasn't. That that fat. I mean he was, but he wasn't like this big. But he was. Oh, big. Yeah. Yeah. Huge. And then he could assassinate. And then what you're Howard Taffed through. James Garfield. You got to assassinate Abelik and JFK. It's partly American history anyway. 80 K for rather number five or seven. Hurricane hotline seven or clock. That's pretty embarrassing. And then just the agreement attend. That's our holiday line of for you. How many students, high school students, college students. Good name the president's. Oh, please. Now I usually do a two but then I forgot. None. Zero. The answer is zero. One. I used to be a George Washington to a WW. Right. I used to be able to do a high W. You can. I never really thought about that before. Went from George Washington. George W. George. Now. Okay. George Washington. Look what we got. Mm-hmm. And a champion of liberty. Oh. Oh. Speak of the devil. Abugar. And he is the devil. Speak of that more good news from Iraq. String of bombings kill 17 in Baghdad including two more American soldiers. A string of bombings kill at least 17 people today in the Baghdad area. A day after massive car bomb attack on a Shiite area market loaded the first major blow to the US led security crackdown. It's working just fine. Not. Attacks another part of Iraq pushed the overall debt toll near. About 30 man. 30. US forces also reportedly came under attack. They clashed with insurgents north of Baghdad. After a suicide bomber apparently tried to break through barriers around a joint US Iraqi base. And of course John. I mean what's the point? Nobody cares. Nobody cares. That's the thing that amazes me about America. Talk about apathetic. It's just amazing. They could be killed like a thousand people a day over there. And if I all know if that's going to work out so well. And if that was such a good idea. I'll know we better get the terrorist over there before they get us over here. I'll let other. Are you stupid as clichés? Yeah. What does that have to do with Brittany shaving your head? You know, it is like a man was standing in a closed rotting body. And the way before that it was about the the Dizzy crazed female astronaut who was stalking uh, or tried to kill you or her rival. And this week it's Brittany. Hmm. We did good. This shape and head by the way. Tainted good. Maybe she's related that perpur guy. Oh, the uh. What is he? He was crystal me last week. What he is. He's the. Well, exactly. Thank you very much. He's surprised. He's not listening to you, George. I know. He had a little bit of doing up this morning before the show. Apparently. George said you had a week. I'm a Friday. George was out sick on a Friday. So this morning gave me his lecture about life and how I should be. And I had a season. And I thank you very much. You're real mentor. That's all that I would have. Some people are tormentors. That's what I would have. You're just a mentor. Yeah. We have plenty of tormentors. You should see it though when he gets into his, you know, I'm going to console you and tell you the way things are. He puts on it like Mr. Rogers, blue sweater and everything. Does he be a big dad? Because it's so many about what? It's a cardigan. I mean, any cardigan or anything is great. Things are wonderful. Anyway, a salon owner tried to talk Brittany out of shaving her head. But the singer insisted actually use a buzzer to do the job itself. Night. Uh, herself. It's so. I still got just a little from the court. Little bit that's right. Yeah. And of course, how many thousand times have we seen that over the weekend? About thirty million. So I know in our Esther Tagnazi, said, Spirors appeared at her shop late last week. This is in yellow California. You know, I don't California fairly well, but I never heard of that. G. E. L. E. S. My saying that right even. Yellow. Yellow. Are you jealous? S. So I know in our Esther Tagnazi, said Spirors appeared at her shop late last week. And I was you wanted all over here cut off. Tagnazi said she refused to do it and try to reason with a singer. Are you sure you're not having a bad day. Tagnazi, we called asking Spirors and tomorrow you'll feel differently about it. Why don't we wait a little bit, she said. At that point, Tagnazi said the singer grabs him electric clippers went to the back of the shop again cutting her hair off. He gained. Rosen. Yeah. Yeah, just like that. I'll say the one thing man. I'll talk about saying the good. She is saying what he's used to me. Nope. But all Tagnazi did was even an office line on her said later Spirors was that a San Fernando Valley tattoo parlor sporting her newly bald head. If you on KABCT show the newly shore and spirit with tiny tattoos on the back of her neck as she sat right enough for a new tattoo, a pair of red and pink lips. Which of course, how could I resist? Yeah. If I can find it. I've got two sets of red. Welcome, congratulations. She just wanted something real small on her wrist something Davey Max got the tattoo artist at Body and Soul and Sherman Oak told the TV station. She got some cute little lips on her wrist. Haha. No comment about that. There are snel who works at the tattoo parlor said Spirors showed up without notice and stayed for about 90 minutes. About 60 fans for Tagnazi and Gockers get the mouth side. All of Gockers all the time. She seemed fine, she said. I didn't really notice there. She had a hood on when she showed up. Maybe she's hanging out in the wrong hood. You think that's fine? Well, I think she's been hanging in the wrong hood for a long time. Although quite frankly, I think you know. Some of the trailer tracks looks pretty good. So the fact that she used to look so great. She just did where a five trailer track. I'm thinking. Am I right? Oh yeah. No, because they're Kevin Feederline. Oh my god. That's intended where she was coming from. Birds of a feather pro-create together. Here's our poll question from Friday and boy, this brings me such great sorrow. And Josh was, Josh's courtist was giving me so much free for doing this again. I was thinking, Chris? Yeah, you know, those young kids that what are they talking about? Yeah, one of them you know. Well, no, I'm Georgian. I decided we were going to do this Friday last week and the hood had all of a he did a fine job. I will say that. I mean, I know why we were doing it. What's to see how many people have learned from that? Not in that very many. Yeah. Talk about a bunch of slow learners. Talk about. I said on Friday I said, bathing with soap is like watching black and white television. You think that's a good analogy? Sure. I'll be talking about outdated, although you get more hair on you bathing with soap. They want you to invite like my TV and ever know. Grout your used to be on air. He kind of a hairy guy and the duck you bet your life. Which you bathed with? 1737 votes. I'm a male and I bathed with soap. I'm so sorry. In her written 67. Don't drop it now. 49.9%. We finally got a little bit under 50 in the net point. I chopped the thing off. You know, I chopped it in a pool too. I'm a male. I used body wash. 57. 33 feet per third. Only a third of our guys out there using body wash. That is so I'm embarrassed for you. I'm not what to do. I'm going to pray. I saw them bat the hundred sixteen. Yeah, we ought to start praying on that. Don't get downwind from any of these people. Oh, there. There was a woman yesterday. I hate to say this. One time thankfully briefly next to me, the machine yesterday would buy it. She farted so bad that I thought I was going to soon. I thought I have never in my life. My eyes were watering. Yeah. And at the time I was reaching for my soda, which was to the right of my machine. You know, we sit next to it. My diet coke. And so I leaned over a little bit to the right. I reached out and just at that point, well, you know what I'm saying. What do you say? Oh, good. Good. Gow-a-miss Molly. Talk about a bad machine, man. I saw them bat the hundred sixteen. Female uses body wash. 71. See the ladies are into it. I hate this 457. Only 3.2%. And female using soap only 49. Well, it's a lady thing they have body wash. Guys, real guys don't get it. There's acts and there's a devious. There's every masculine brand out there out of the sun. So much, human that even Chuck Heston in his really macho three days. He's a little bit embarrassed. He would have blusher. But not this crowd, man. We want that soap. We want to hang onto it. We want to squeeze it, we want to squirt against the wall, bend over and pick it up. Maybe we'll drop it again. And again. See the stuff we want. We'll be dropping it. Forge, we'll find something new. Welcome. Yeah. And we'll win. Do you want. As you see, can't. Yes. Oh, yeah. As you see, can't. Oh, yeah. Well, what to do if I had normal boobs, just still run out and buy my CD? No. Who you got long when I treat that song You can't do that. How much I think, all keep keep keep. I might get by with it, plants in my grass. Oh, I get guys with it, plants in my grass. I might have to try with it, plants in my grass. And you won't get shot for anybody. I only had to pull my candy down. Oh, baby please, you won't let it. You did not imagine where I could buy my milk. Have you achieved by just spreading your life? Yes, it doesn't matter if it's a girl or a guy. I don't know if it's with just 17. Now at least until I'm out of rehab at 35. I can't buy within plants in my grass. I get guys with it, plants in my grass. I don't have to try with plants in my grass. Have you achieved by just playing for me? She lived through me by carrying my, by carrying my baby. You're the one who's holding this. And in this, this is the most important thing. I might get by with it, and plant it in plants in my grass. All right, 10, 19. That's your good close friend Anna Maria there. Yes, we're just talking about her on Thursday. And of course, we're going to 6th and next day. Wonder what that was all about. Puking. Here's the poll from today, and we have a thousand and three votes. Our goal is a thousand, we got a thousand three. We have a thousand three, because I put it on their late Saturday afternoon. Because I don't know, maybe Josh Corris, little guilt trip on me, that thing about the body, Washington again. I mean, we've been there and done that, right? Oh yeah, I'll see anything wrong with it. But he does love me though, Josh. He told me that several times, they also told me he wanted me to be my will. And I asked Chris, I said, what would be the appropriate stipend to leave Josh and my will? And maybe I'll have 50 bucks. And I thought, well, yeah, that'd be appropriate. A thousand eight votes on the poll. And this, of course, we had too many gay polls lately. And then school we used to dance around, and not dance, but we, I guess we did that. What do you mean, you call it? You go around the maple? What is the maple? Are you serious? Yes. Well, it's a big poll and everybody grabs a ribbon or a rope and you march around the... Get around the fence. Get around the fence. You're pretty much the most of the kids. I think that's why I started being gay. Yeah, when I was a prancing rider in the maple. Yeah, I'm turning into the gay poll. Yeah, as you, uh, interweave through each other, uh, in course, and I'm stood on the airport as skip all. So there you go. And you weave a pattern on the poll with the ribbon. I'm going to get on a plane right now. Go to Amsterdam. Just, just for the hell of it, to that damn square you know. Gay people are, let's see, a thousand eight votes. Our borne that way, 484. Uh, our fine with me, 245. Well, thank you so much for your acceptance. Ha ha ha ha ha. Of course, I made the choices on a poll. So why should I be busting their balls? Because that's bad. Right. Just like you made a choice to be gay. No, of course. I woke up one day and I thought, but wouldn't that be great. And then everybody could call me names and pansy and fairies right here. And, uh, CC and stuff like that. But anyway, gay people are fine with me, 245. Choose that life, 75. Right. See, I don't want to waste my time going back over all of us to put it to the other. Well, I better get to that. Where's the story? About the car wash. Do you see that about him hard of waste car wash? No, what happened? Change the name. Huh. Well, in Tom Brady's former girlfriend is pregnant. I wonder how that happened? I guess probably the traditional way. What did they change the name of the car wash? I hate bags and wash. Yes. Um, don't tell me I lost that. That would be really bad if I lost that story in my pile here. That would be extraordinarily bad. And then I have to start poll here. Tim hard of waste car wash changes name after I hate scandal. On this business, I heard the guilty talking about this morning. Well, he said that he doesn't use the word hate like other people use it. Now, the routine is a little odd. He lightly hates. Yeah, he hates everybody. Of course, he's in South Florida, so it figures. Former Miami Heat star Tim hard of waste name is office. South Texas, you high way car wash. Just days after we declared on a local radio program, I hate gay people. Hardaway apologized, but the backlash is cost of an national endorsement deal. And in appearance at the NBA all-star game, we can activities, which nobody watched yesterday. A local gay rights group then called for a boycott of hardways. US-1 finest hand car wash at South Texas, high wind bird road. Saturday and new sign went up. Grand Lux Auto Bay. Now, maybe it's supposed to say Grand Lux Auto Bay. But it's spelled VATH, so I'm pronouncing it as it is written. Grand Lux Auto Bay. Okay. In car wash detailing center. So everybody should know that the Grand Lux Auto Bay is still, Tim Hardaway's a joint firm. Because the old sign that shows here in the world, the old sign said Tim Hardaway presents, find this hand car wash US-1 with a big one in front of you know. And now it's Grand Lux Auto Bay. So that's still Tim Hardaway for all you people out there that are too pleased with his behavior lately. And his attitude and he hates a lot of us. He hates a lot of us. He just uses it like, wow, I get all. I guess we're supposed to forget all the elaborations that he made about how he wouldn't want to shower with him. He wouldn't want him on the team. And he wanted him to be traded or he'd want to be traded. And he isn't into that crap that he can't stand it. And he got fed and act and yuck and like that, you know. We're supposed to forget that. And quite frankly, do I really give a crap what he thinks? Oh, he's small potatoes. He's like Frankie Pentezzyly, maybe. Only Frankie was at least entertaining, you know. Frankie can't pan, Pentezzyly was very entertaining. So I said, yeah, sure. He was good. I love him. He people choose that life 75. You should love solo. At 7.3% of this audience, just living in total ignorance. Locked him hard away. Gave people up to Marwai 58. We love you, Tim. Love you. Just like we love Josh Cortis. Gave people want me 39. And the people who vote for that, you ought to see the man. Wouldn't touch him with your hand or tongue. Gave people hate this. I hate this 437-only 3.6%. Thank God. Gave people are all flamers 22. By the name. Right. Like me. Like they've copay. Gave people who were straight 19. No, I don't know. You know something in my life. I have never met one gay person who wished that they were had a successful. Never met one. Oh, if you just come to the Christian Church of bull crap. Yeah. They had a call about that last week at the morning show. One of the calls. And of course they don't. They don't refute any of this. They don't debate it. They don't. They just. They just let them. The spew their garbage. Never challenge it. But that's that's the. Why would they? That would make them. Because they that that would make them. Yeah. Gave people who were straight 19. Are easy to spot 17. Sometimes. What do you laugh about? It's the pink triangle on their shirt. I got news for it. Most gay guys I know are not into that pink triangle. But nevertheless. Gave people are easy to spot 17 and scare me 14. And in fact every time I see a gay person like I'm young street or church street I go. Oh, you know why they're afraid like that guy that called in on Thursday. Yeah. You know the more you're around gay people the more you know you're going to become one. Because yeah. So if you hang out with them then you're going to be like. Yeah. You're going to choose to be like them. And just talk into one is going to make you gay. I would think so. And listening to one, but that's going to come on. I would imagine by 10. 25 all of you people out there will be gay. No question. Even the most macho guys. That's right. Oh, I'm recording Chris. Very good. I said I hope Chris watch this morning because you know we're going to be gayed up by two o'clock. I was watched. Chris had a little, I don't want to go into it. Yeah. A little episode. Nature out of the little. Like I said I was waiting for the a dough line. Stalled a line up. Kind of a stall routine. He'd kill like the handicrapper. He needs those rails. Do we have to really go deeply into this? He needs to study himself. 27 past 10 and five 60 WQM for 21 years. Ugh. Look at that. I can blew that one. That's my junior, honey. Warning. The following may not be suitable for children. So what? It's the hot new videos series that shows real celebrities getting in the real trouble. Celebrities gone wild. Your whole time favorite stars are hitting all time lows. See honey wouldn't have them. Tom size more get busy on honey with Adam. He'd fly. It's a hit. Celebrities gone wild. Also features clips from LALaker superstar. Kobe Bryant. How you doing, bud? A lot of real, bud. So, Celebrities gone wild is jam back. But famous people who are famous for their infamous fan hater. They're staying in a rush. Nick Kolti, Fully Brown. Michael Jackson. Robert Donnie Jr. Robert Blake gets stretched in high school water for us. Super sleazy wet prison jumps in Gossets. We're rooting soon to win. Order celebrities gone wild in the next 10 minutes. Everyone blew this. We aren't watching their video called Celebrities gone crazy. I love to be covering the of Kali for you. So what's going wild? And so what's going crazy? Order now. Before all these stars are in jail, we have all the governor's mansion. You think I'm a nice Kali flower? When surprised me, I know you know. You better get with your veggies. You better get right with the Lord. You're going to land up and burning in a hill. I can smell it already. Oh man. 10. 32. At five, 60. W.D. I'm happy present in stay. What about Andy Jackson? What about an engine killer? What about John Quincy? John Kala? You know, I could do this and I probably there a couple of hours get wrong. What do you do? I was in high school. When I was a senior in high school, my, his name was Kaminsky. He was a young guy. Young teacher. Actually, I had a bad looking guy. But anyway, he was my history teacher. And he took like a whole week to teach the class of American presidents. And of course, that's how I go. I thought to myself, why are you wasting all of this time? How useful. Yeah. Well, how much of what you learned in school was useful anyway? Most of what you learned in schools a bunch of crap. I didn't even teach you how to write a check in school. He's not what I want to school. They did me. Yeah. Well, there's lots of, a lot of good stuff for you. Anyway, how to write them, I just don't know how to make me. I'm just okay in cover, I'm just telling you that's up. I can do it off the top of my head. You think I should try to challenge you not. I don't want to show off. Why not? Well, not right to say. I'm not going to talk to you. I'm not going to cheat. I mean, I wouldn't do some stupid like that. Here's a facts from Joe before I get to our presidents. It is president's day for Christ's sakes. Most of you people wouldn't know. Grover Cleveland Alexander from Grover Cleveland. Grover Cleveland Alexander was a pitcher. I don't know. Grover from Sesame Street. Do you? Damn you beat me to it. I guess when I saw a little bit of a gun last night and again, it sucked American Dan. I'm sorry. I missed it because our cable was out. It was very weak. It still was very weak. It was a take off of the Tom Hanks, and we all just out the big book. Oh, that's a crime. They take a joke. It's not that funny in the first place. Like, dad falling down all through all those stairs or whatever was. And it just goes on and on. It might have been funny the first time. Like that. But I just, I didn't like it. Let me know when a good episode's going to be on. And let me know when real people then we're going to be on. God, almighty. I am just dying to see that. Yeah, it's season's over. What? Doctor Smith's going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. I'm going to be. Here's the facts from Joe. He says, good morning, Neil. I was listening to you last Friday. We need to describe this scene and answer them. And that brought back some great memories. During August of 2004, my wife and I visited Amsterdam. We stayed in Amsterdam for two weeks, but took side trips all over Holland. And did the day and a half, excursion to Kalon Germany. Wow, good boy. Good choice. What a beautiful place that is with beautiful people. Kalon Germany. Mamma Mia. Hmm. And once Sunday morning while at Amsterdam, we visited the museum and still Queen the maritime museum. I don't even know what that is. It'll with me, I'm not a museum person. Is that making me a bad guy? I'm just not into that. A lot of things make you a bad guy. That's one of them. Oh. Oh, thanks. Thanks for your enthusiastic recommendation. I mean, it depends on the museum. Yeah. Well, the camera is in the near. There's a new maritime. Neo, you probably know the museum is fairly close to the Saint Nicholas Church and both the Church and Museum are close to the Bradley district. On our way to the museum, we took the number five tram from South R.A.I. station and got off at Damrak. A timid walk from the Damrak took us to the museum's doorstep. As we walk to the museum, we walk by a few Sect shops. We walk by a few ladies sitting by the windows waiting for the next customer and we walk by lots and lots of people coming from we're going to Saint Nicholas Church. We saw older folks, young couples with small children. Middle aged couples with teenagers. All kinds of people walking or writing their bicycles around the Syria as we approached our destination. Neo, we didn't hear one word from anyone about their surroundings. No one was lacking or giggling about the novelties hanging on the section of windows. No one even pointed at one of the girls. Everyone was going on with his own life and living everyone else alone who was a beautiful thing. I've said a few beautiful things that I'm too them. I'll say that. We loved our visit to the museum and headed back to the Damrak for lunch and afternoon. It was another wonderful day in Amsterdam and your comment slides Friday made. We remember it all. Thanks, Neo. PS did you know, Syria cruises husband died about a month ago. Oh my God, we started out with good news and then we get like, I'm feeling a bruising. I am dead now but I remember when I was alive. I really didn't even want to go out. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. Oh, Syria's husband is dead. More to. More to. I'm sorry. Anyway, thank you, Joe. I met something and I was talking about the other day. I've been talking about the fact that it's no big there ain't no thing. And about American attitudes being so puritanical and so on the stone age and Americans think that there's so much hit or and cooler and sex here and anybody else you're full of cramp. I mean, look at the pole. 7.2% of the audience thinks that gay people choose that life. I know the word 7.2% of your audience are idiots. More on. Fools. Or maybe they just sin that he's a bit of a piss me off because there a bunch of bigoted idiots. It's narrow-minded, dumb. Anyway, speaking of American Puritanism, Robert Texas, did you see this story about the Chippin' Nails? Nope. Really? Really? Police arrested eight Chippin' Nails' dances and three others during the first of three sold-out performances Friday, accusing them of violating the cease-adult entertainment ordinance. Officers rated Jake Sports Cafe about 30 minutes. But third and the matter of the show started in the venue was closed. They arrested the venue's manager. The show's promoter and the dancers' manager along with the dancers in front of a disgruntled crowd of women. Shortly after several hundred women began shouting, bring them back, bring them back, and the city council sucks. The city council sucks. Authorities say the dancers violated the city ordinance, which bars contact between entertainers and patrons, Lieutenant Greg Stevens of the Lover Police had the dancers were simulating sexual positions with audience members. Oh, simulating sexual positions. Oh, my God. So I guess if you've been down to pick up the soap, you guys had a drop in the soap all the time. You're simulating a sexual position. And they're going to come and get your ass, so to speak. Jake's force bar owner Scott Stevens and said, his establishment and everything and this is chopped off. I hate that. Comparatively, it's a classy production said Greg Jackson. The dancers do not take off all their clothes. I mean, they don't get naked. They're not showing their reprivits. You know what they do, Chippin' Nails are all about. Yes, and say, you're the police with their to shut them down, police said they say they intended to give the rest of the war for Stevenson. How is that, so wait? That's America for you, baby. Let's haul everybody's ass away. In fact, that's what America loves to do. More Nathan else is to say everybody's ass in jail. Just think there's any other westernized country that has the percentage of its people, its male population in jail, that America does. I sure doubt it. We know they don't. But nevertheless, 161 hosts on the poll about gay people, because Tim Hardaway says he hates gay people. And somebody sent me on our my space thing about the article I read about Hardaway Beat on with Pat Robertson. And they were inquiring where I found that. Somebody facts that in, and I don't know whether it was real or not, because I tried to Google it too to get more information or verification on it. And it could have been a bogus thing somebody made up. I don't know. Look, it looked pretty legit to me. I mean, you're regular viewer of the 700-club. Let me know when he's going to be on. Maybe it may be that it'll be on right after real world Denver. It'll be a tough choice for me. If there are opposite each other, you know? The 700-club with Pat Robertson and Tim Hardaway or real world with all those people on it. Gay people are born that way. 555 are fine with me. 264. That's 72% right there. Right off the bat. Choose that life. 767.1% of the most ignorant people on a face of the globe. Stupid. Talking about crap that they know nothing about. Gay people love Tim Hardaway 59. They're after you asked him, gay people want me 41. And let me say it again. There are a lot of people out there who are wanted desperately by gay people. But I'm sure that's the 41 people of those 41. Maybe a couple of might be one by anybody. And the others probably not wanted by anything alive. I hate this full 37-03.4%. Gay people are all flamers. 26. They're all like Richie Simmons, baby. Gay people who were straight 20. Are easy to spot 18 and scare me 15. Like Luca Brassie, man, just like me. I'm a very scary guy. The biggest name. So best talent status is the image. That's the sports radio 560. You ain't him. Oh, God. God. Two all the boys he's loved before. Two fairies. From angels 12, 12, one, these boys. He wants to take him to his life. I'll baby and no wife. God knows what his kin has. He's in stone. Oh, all the boys from heaven. You're finally safe from his love, man. There's no more fairies we do. Playing, let's make a deal. And when he thinks he sits, not stand. 1046. Here's the fact that I'm waiting for. I don't know who this is from. It's obviously a lady. No question about that. I can tell by the printing can't you? Yes, I can't. She says, love you and the elephant. Here's the information I've been dying for. The real world Denver is on a 10 p.m. Wednesday night. Time to know that. Last week's premiere episode is repeated at 9.30 p.m. this Wednesday. You don't want to miss that episode. It was all about Davis and his boyfriend who comes to visit him in Denver. Very hot. Oh, man. I don't know if I'm going to be able to handle that. But I'll give it my best shot. Thanks whoever this is from. Thank you so much. And the next year and I might actually take some calls today, but I'm not really sure. You know, remember last week that one guy saying, hey, thanks for taking calls again. I'll take him when I'm in the mood to take him. When I feel like it. Right. When I feel like it. And when some come in. Oh, well, it's it's a holiday. You've got to know we got to be doing a scum. I know. Today you think we got our full audience out. No. No traffic this morning. I can't wait for my commissaration to anybody who's got to work today. Although this is, I don't know, you know. That was that. I thought somebody was coming to the apartment here. Maybe it was out of gold. See. Yeah, use the apartment. Use the apartment. It's not a real holiday. Franklin Pierce, James Buchanan, A. Blinken, Lincoln, Andy Johnson. You'll see this. Grant, Rutherford B. Hayes, Chester Allen Arthur. It's said to all of these. How about the only president who was elected twice non-consecretive terms? Oh, what's his name? Grover Cleveland. I was just going to say that. Yeah. And then who was the president who intervened? Who in between intervened? Whatever. I don't know. Thank you. I got the wrong thing. Oh, no, you go. I wonder now. I'm sure that they must have been Kim. William Henry Harrison was the president who was an inaugurated out in the rain. I don't know. Any dialogue a few days. He wasn't president too long. He wasn't too bright. And next year from his forthcoming book, A. Salon calmness warns that the changes in political power set emotion by president George W. Bush have brought the United States closer to a future in which a authoritarianism is possible. authoritarianism. What do I say? Oh, my God. As Joe Connison warns Americans for the first time since Nixon have reasoned that the future of democracy and the rule of law in their own country. Isn't that special? What's that kind of to do with Britain's haircut? The answer of Connison's new book, it can happen here, a authoritarian parallel in the age of Bush. He states, I've brought that the idea of an American slide into authoritarianism is not based in any paranoia, but because because the current president has repeatedly arrested, I would excuse me, as repeatedly as certain and exercised authority, they did not possess another constitution he swore to uphold. Connison says there's growing public anxiety in anger about the Bush administration's use and abusive power. Two events in particularly a raise public concern were the miss-be gotten, horrifically miss-managed war in Iraq, to the heartless misunderstanding of the hurricane Katrina disaster. He knows that we do not know the full dimensions of the scandals behind Iraq and Katrina because the Republican leaders of the Senate and the House represent as indicated the traditional congressional duties of oversight and investigation. The right of all of them is to take on the president on these issues was due to an acquiescence with authoritarianism he writes. He says the style of the Bush regime is seen and it's almost casual content for democratic and lawful norms and expanding appetite for executive control at the expensive constitutional balances, a reckless impulse to corrupt national institutions with partisan ideology and an ugly tendency to smear disset as disloyalty. It's the old smear and schmier. Connison doesn't believe that the 2006 turnover of the Congress, Democratic control, will be enough to push back against Bush's authoritarian authoritarian. He puts to the Senate's narrow democratic majority as a major obstacle to checking the White House. Like that great vote on Saturday. Well, not something special, huh? The question he asks is in the era of terror alerts religious fundamentalism and endless war for air, whether we are still the brave nation, whether our courage and our luck have finally run out. Or is that run out? Man. I want to get you all the press on a holiday because it is president's day. Yeah. There was Ike, there was Truman, there was FDR, there was Hebert Heaver, there was Calvin Coolidge, Warren G. Harding, Woodrow Wilson, Sandist and just pummeling these right on my mind and groups and in clumps, you know, like hemorrhards and big clumps. Why is it important to know that? Of course, see the American public, the education system is so bad. They don't teach you anything about the world. And you know the best way you learn about the rest of the world? What's that? It's to travel, to go somewhere. Now, that's one of the reasons that most Americans don't know damn thing about anything outside. In fact, most people don't know anything about what's going on outside of their like, you know, their own hood. Very sad. I'll speak it over your buddy Tim Hardaway in our poll today. The mayor of North Miami offered former Heatstar Tim Hardaway and to take this fence in time with a gay couple. That just might be going on right now and the world may be coming to win if you see this? Nope. As the firestorm continued over Tim Hardaway's anti-gamer marks on radio, the mayor of North Miami who is gay, gay. Invited the ex-heatstar to spend a day with him, to spend a gay day with him. It gets gay days at the mayor's house. I guess every day is gay day at his house, I'll tell you what's wrong with that. I'm Friday, Hardaway accepted the mayor's said. We're just trying to show him that there are living and breathing people that just happened to be gay so North Miami mayor Kevin Burns lives with his partner 23 years and he's not the daughter who is a really cute pie by the way. Here they are with the little girl. He's still working out to tell you the visit with Hardaway's representatives. Expect to make a joint announcement today. I thought they were having their meetings today. They're going to join an osp and they enjoy their smoking. You're always there for a joint announcement, aren't you? I'll drive. The plan is for Hardaway to join Burns and his family for a routine weekday at the mayor's office in home. Doing things like dropping off Burns childhood school, meeting with constituents and dinner with family. Hardaway's been hit hard since the broadcast on local AM radio station, the ticket, in which he said, I don't like to be around gay people and shouldn't be in the US or the world. Well, where else am I going to go? How about Uranus? If we can't go to the US or the world, I get don't leave too much. How about, I don't know. Where's that leave? How about hell? I guess maybe that's what he's talking about. Okay. Although we apologize within our announcement, we know about the NBA, but it'll be pitiful. On Friday, Hardaway spent the day with his family, planning for privacy as TV cameras continue to individual outside the gates of his pinecresth home. Terry Washington, a spokeswoman for Hardaway said the former five-time all star had not yet spoken to Mayor Burns and that the announcement any announcement will be premature, a premature evaluation. Hardaway played for the heat from 95 through 2001 on several occasions. He expressed interest in return to the heat thruster, but each time was turned down. Burns and some experienced building bridges outside the gay community since he won the mayor seat decisively in 2005, despite some hostility in the city without much of a gay constituency. He has been open to the low key in public about his relationship with Rob Flint, his partner 23 years, and they were adopted daughter, Autumn. During the mayor role campaign, Burns said he understood that discrimination faced by Haitian Americans and African Americans who predominate in the city. I don't expect Hardaway to be waving a piece of flag anytime soon even after this, Burns said Friday, but maybe he'll be less likely to say something bad about people if he knows them and understands a little bit more. I think what he's trying to say is that he's ignorant. He's speaking from agency because he doesn't know these people. He doesn't have any anybody's talking about. Which, of course, a lot of you folks do, a lot of folks everywhere do that. When you're dumb, you just open up a big mouth and all I think they're all about it. And I think they chose this and all the other kids. Yeah, choose this. Okay. Just like those licensed plates, choose life. Speak in your gay government. Once he comes out. The 2018 nine votes on the poll. Recently got so many votes because we had like, I don't know what we had 900 and some of we started this morning, because I put this on there over the weekend. Only because I was so easily intimidated by Josh Cortis about the body wash poll. I don't think there was anything wrong with that, but wasn't going to change. I remember also, upon a time I could come on here with the bagel bites and the book of burgers. Remember those glorious days? Oh yeah, fish food. Remember the impact of what's his name? Dale God. Back in the day. Oh, it's big of that. I know I had something mighty important. But being old and people, of course, it's supposed to my mind. You realize what next Thursday is not this Thursday. Next Thursday, March one. Right? Your anniversary. 31 years. Is that incredible or what? I mean, you're not. You know, easily impressed by anything. No, it's incredible. 31 years, man. 31 years. Man. Oh! Oh. Oh. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! It's something. Oh. I hear it as the year 2007 and words that we have to believe about and bits that we used to play and things that we used to be able to say, I mean you're losing it, baby, air-re-single day, you're losing your freedom, even though the missing very immaterial, not all that relevant. It's all part of the overall plan. Oh, but it's America land of the free. You have the land of the used to be free to some extent, to police state, to some up, you know, succinctly, it's a police state, succinctly. 1093 and a full will have a lot of 100 by the top of the hour. For whatever it's worth. I don't want to like over exert myself on a holiday today because we probably shouldn't have been here anyway. I'll let nobody else just say mad dog and they're ready to respond to those tapes. Yeah, we should have run some of those tapes that Joe Bell likes, like alien in the purple to be good. Hmm. Let's work on that. Start looking for that stuff, Chris. Although we do have the little Richard Spot, the guy goes spot, you got that? Oh, somewhere. Oh, as soon as I find it there. Last but not least, Grame it and come there and so forth. That's all we have. Oh, well, it kind of chops off of the end of the reel. It's like a chaplain's cranberry. Chris, does he have a depth on it? Yeah, you're someone kind of walk on his last little thing. You know, it's just coming up on the end of the first hour, didn't you? You're already over two. Well, what was it he said before that was so grotesque and acceptable on a very visceral level? I don't know, but I remember he did something. Whatever that means. 1057 a QA in front of your shell. How cool. This is a brain. How cool. This is a brain. How cool. Any questions? No, John. No, John. No, John. No, John. No, John. No, John. No, John. No, John. No, John. No. You don't be a killer, John. The bat will quit. It's worth it. It's told that, sir. You made it. Thank you. What proof are you going through your future in the river? I'm in the river, Richard. I'm proud. So, like you, your starting to chatter to me. Don't run me in the river. No, no, no. Don't run me in the river. Don't run me in the river. You don't be a killer, John. You don't care if you don't care. I'm scared of you because I'm so dumb. You don't know about just what's possible if they're not a tool. You don't be a killer, John. So, like you, your starting to be a luscious. You're a stride of the chatter to me. No, one way to teach all of them. You. You. It's level 0 3 and 5 and 6 in WQM. Happy Monday, President and Steve. What is one of those really bogus holidays? Back in the day, I'll give you a whiffers, Napper's out there. Back in the day, Fimworth and 12th used to be, I believe, Lincoln's birthday. And Fimworth. Twenty seconds used to be washed in the birthday. You used to be like two separate holidays, even I remember that. Wow. Happy, do-be. But I don't recall whether we used to like, whether they were like official holidays, legal, or what the deal was. I mean, I doubted. They were like half-ass holidays. Half-ass sometimes. Like when the teachers work day they do it on, you know, we don't know what it didn't take a seriously. Oh. And then they consolidate them all so we can have like a lot of shopping going on. President and they sale, yeah. I mean, whoever heard about Lincoln's birthday sale, or Washington's birthday sale. I guess you already have that article about hard-a-waist spending the day with the gay mayor. Or did you just hear about it? I didn't even know what I just read. Yeah, that one. Oh, no, I don't have that. All right. Better facts it to me. Ways some facts people. Nobody did. If I could know something about it. I got a really good idea. And there was as I was reading it. They were facts in that. That's right. That's how Florida for you. That's how Florida for you. That's how it reverberates and echoes all the way across Lake Ontario. Look on a skip. And 7.4% now say gay people choose that life. The number is going up instead of going down. Oh, there are a lot of people out there. I guess going up instead of going down. Speaking of going down, Tom Brady's former girlfriend pregnant. And let me ask the musical question again. How the hell did that happen? And you're thinking the traditional way. Right? I like it. Well, how come I wasn't there to like to ask it a bird's eye view with the turkey baser? Yeah. Bridget Monahan, who's three year relationship with Tom Brady ended late last year is pregnant. And says the new women pay for its quarterback is the father. Oh, my God. Wow. The New York Post, which first reported the pregnancy yesterday quoted Monahan's Publices saying the 36 year old actress is more than three months pregnant and feeling healthy and excited. The publicist, Christina Pappadapoulos, later to the US weekly magazine at More Than Heans Former Boyfriend Tom Brady is the father. Let's have a paternity test. Privacy and consideration is appreciated this time. No further comments will be made. Is what they said. Brady, 29, who's been dating supermodels, dissolved bootchains. And shortly after he had more than one hand not to break up up in December, could not be reached for come I yesterday and is a did done ye did not return a phone call. Done ye. It would be the first child for both Monahan and the two times Super Bowl MVP and three times Super Bowl in our SharePoints that up. Patriots spokesman Stacy James said yesterday had been spoken to Brady and the team doesn't have to come and on private matters on his private's. But why not? The only way I do that is if someone asked me to speak on their behalf and that hasn't had been this case James said, Stacy James. A former model best known for her role opposite will Smith and the science fiction, Troy, I robot. Monahan had made no secret of her desires to start a family. I robot, should I see that or not? No, no, no, I'm just joking. I'd rather watch I saw who you did last summer again. With Ryan Philippe. As far as fall what you would like to be doing in five years, the actress who grew up in long-mater reply, are you cracking your knuckles again? Yes. Definitely marriage and kids he said. Not necessarily in that order obviously. Although the breakup was ready was said to be an example that were tabled reports that Monahan had become depressed and lost weight. Oh no. Last week, these stats of Westgak, for instance, stands five nine five been a feet nine and it's just all. Looked out at the New York premiere of a new film, gray matters. Photographed the premiere with the model Markish Shankenberg. Monahan is getting good notices for the movie. In which he plays a lesbian and shares a steamy on screen kiss with her co-star, Heather Graham. Oh, my god. Gray matters. I think it's called, get matters. See how these this homosexual agenda started to create all of America, all of our culture now. All this dark business going on. All these les beans. Yeah, but we don't mind that. I know that. Now the lesbian stuff is okay. Guys are really all looked up to a frenzy about that. To a phonetical frenzy. But the guys, that's another story. It's very, very locker room. Fat. The lady, meanwhile, hasn't missed a beat. It says, just before Christmas, the start quarterback began Romance and bunching in the 26 year old Brazilian beauty. His former boyfriends, including actor Leo de Caprio, and CERFER Kelly Slater, who is also he was a boy friend in what's in name, you're Pamela Lee. Remember, you know, Brady and bunching have been photographed coming and going from Victoria Secret Model Soha apartment building and Brady's reported to have given bunching a pair of diamond items for Valentine's Day. How do you like that? Over the weekend, according to people magazine, the couple was in Paris. Hmm. The attend to the Academy of Spectacle Horsesho had Versace Saturday and then died at the Cafe Delapé, which is apparently bunching favorite restaurant in Paris. Cafe Delapé, P-A-I-I-X. The French stuff leaves me limp. I have no idea how to pronounce it. What it means, how to say it. I don't want to. I don't want to know. We we. Do you say we we? That's what I said. The quarterback, I'm talking about Tom Brady. Don't be seeing we we. The quarterback who threw a last minute of theception against the Colta into the Patriots. He's was in Boston last week. Testifying and Charlie Wyche is now practicing suit. Wyche former offensive coordinator for the Patriots and Outhead Coach and Ordered in the Suing. Two doctors from Massachusetts, General Hospital, contending their negligence after his gastric bypass surgery nearly killed them. Charlie Wyche is the coach and Ordered in. This obviously taking showers with Brady Quinn naked. The possibility of the Tom Brady might become a father. He came as a surprise to some of his fans yesterday. Oh, I didn't know he had it into my guess. Now champion sports bar in Coppola Square where a crowd was gathered to watch the NBA all star game. Christian Gruzinski said she was curious to know when Brady learned at one hand was pregnant. I thought he was enough standing guy. So Gruzinski 44 lives in very Massachusetts. I'm ready shot. If he didn't know what can he do. But if he did, that tarnishes as images. The golden go at boy. And why is that? Why is that tarnishes image? Gruzinski's husband counter that Brady would do the right thing for his former girlfriend. If he doesn't accept responsibility, it would be even more unbelievable. The light gruzinski said finishing his beer. John Stanton visiting from a softened in Connecticut said Brady's potential paternity could change people's perception of the off-pro. Oh, geez. From the things I've read about him, I'm really surprised at standing after hearing about one of his pregnancy. I've always seen Brady's a clean cut young man. Now, that, you know something? That just abuses the hell out of me. What does that mean? I've always seen him as a clean cut young man. So in other words, he's not doing a hanky spanky. He's not getting laid the guy that looks like that. He's got that kind of money. And he's got everybody pulling and clawing after his bones. That's right. He just goes to church. That's all he has. I have always seen Brady as a clean cut young man. And now we're like, he got this chicken knocked up. All my guy. I can't respect that. For a time of year that Brady and one end, my settle down together. Last fall after the actress moved to New York to take the ABC Series 60 Grease, Brady bought a plush condo in a city, paying 14 and a half million for a seven-room unit on the 70th floor of the time Warner Building. But the relationship ended and Brady decided he no longer need the apartment, which features 12 foot savings and stunning views of Central Park. It's currently on a market for 16 and a half million. Given that the couple had been together nearly three years, Randy Gomez lives on Cape Cod. Said he expected one of his pregnancy before now. It'll be a beautiful child, Gomez said, and has genetics in this favor. Oh, yes, God. Good genes, man. Can you imagine what that kid's going to look like? Mm-hmm. But what does this have to do with Brittany, shaving her head? That's right. That power saw. It's gold. Christ. You know something if she now that she got rid of Kevin Feeder, a federal line in hook. Now she can get married to that purper guy. The medical line. Oh, that guy, yeah. Think of the kids they'll have. They'll all be out in heads. Maybe between the two of them could have like one head. At least not she matches. 1128 votes on a pool of gay people are born that way. 538 are fine with me. 277. Choose that life 84 is 7.4% really incredibly ignorant people. Gay people loves him hard away, 63. Gay people want me, 44. I hate this pool. 38, 3.3%. Gay people are all flamers. 20. Screaming, missing facts. What a little clone mustache is baby. Like in San Francisco. Gay people were still stray 21. Are easy to spot 18 and scare me 17. I'm a scared my. I'm a scared there's a. A mighty colon over there on the street corner. He's going to come and get my ass. And then maybe later we'll come back and get the rest. Yeah, but that's father or tool man. From an example of a five 60 WQM. Hey, all you horse racing and poker fans. A lot of pop little boy. Now inside of this shouldn't the death of an Nicole Smith. It's less than messy and very complicated legal battles. You know what? Honestly, I don't know where to start. This fraternity issue is getting crazy. We now have someone else stepping up saying, I could be the father. Hell gore. You and an Nicole. You know, I've been there and nothing that's really. Oh, absolutely. How many times over and over again? It's too difficult to count them. Where was your favorite place to have sex in the end? Where? Behind? No, what geographical location? In a win a baguette with her. Inky. I heard you can get into the upside down atomic wedgie position. Not a new position for me. Well, no, no, freak. Do you? I think seeing nothing yet. Oh, yeah, put that thing away. Oh, suffocation will be right back. Oh, my God. Exactly. 11 17 at 5.60 WQAM. Okay. Let's see a Christian name. The first 10 presents of the US. So you went into a shopping mall. Like in date land or in, well, they'd like to not a good example. In like the Broward Mall or in the wild to saw grass would be good. Where is a shopping mall when anybody speaks English? Or there aren't any? No. But if you went into like your average street corny, ask somebody, what? Name the first 10 presents of the US in order. Okay, Chris, that's here. Uh, Washington, the Washington, Lincoln, the random. Wait, wait a minute. What? Everybody who the first 10 presents are after Washington. I don't know what order they go on. Lincoln? What happened to the other, the other 14 in between? I was like, seen. Anyway, see, I put them on the spot. That was very bad. But now even for whatever the two gross things were that you said on the ear earlier today. And I remember what they were. But I think you deserve to do you? Oh yeah. Yeah. I told you. Okay, George, first 10 presents. Washington Adams, Jefferson, Madison Monroe, and Washington, either then be ready. Wait a minute. Are you cheating? Of course you are. Oh, my. Like I already said. Oh, what a clown. I know. I just can note them all in order. The, the teacher. I'm only looking at top 10 men. Listen, the civics teacher said you can get out of final exams. If you can name all the presidents. So I learned them long enough to recite them to get out of the final exams. And then immediately hurts that useless information from my mind. I'm sure that. It is useless. In other or president's day today, here's a pop quiz. This is typical part of the course. You know, I wish we still, and then we're still doing those surveys with those geography things. Where they go like to you, event. And they ask kids to find their hometown on the map or to find a state of Florida on the map. And like always some gigantic embarrassing percentage. Can you find a state of Florida? I mean, here's a state of Florida hanging down there. Into the Caribbean, like a this gigantic peninsula. And they can't find it. And kids from the York. I mean, how difficult could it be to find the York City with Long Island sitting out there, huh? Yeah, I'll hard to that be. Very hard apparently. And I guess. And on our president's day, the day here's a pop quiz says the hero. How did president Kennedy respond to the Cuban missile crisis? Don't know. Neither the third of the seniors at Yale, according to a recent study. Blockade. You know, we're in a, how did I see last night? I saw a very scary and interesting show about that last night. And the fact that his military advisors were telling him to like bomb Shurba. Yeah, we were on the point because they weren't aware of the fact that they were in the New York City. And they were all fired up and ready to go. And if he would have done that, we would have had nuclear war. And it would have been the end of all of us. That's right. And a lot of you punks out there wouldn't be here today. That was 1962, the Cuban missile crisis. 45 years ago. 45 freaking years ago. I was looking at Boston at the time. And remember, there were a lot of people saying, oh, we're all going to be dead tomorrow. Two of them American college students like basic knowledge about our nation's leaders according to the study by University of Connecticut. The average score among seniors on questions related to the presence was less than 60 percent, according to Intercollegiate Studies Institute, a Delaware nonprofit that's sponsored the study. I most measures that say, F, F, as in failure, as in effing idiot. People may know the latest handbag that Periscillum was wearing, but they don't know the last couple of Presidents said Jeff Resonachek, 28, a history major, very university Miami Shores. Resonachek was among 14 juniors and seniors at Barry who answered sample questions from the study last week. The request of a reporter only three missed a Kennedy question on a multiple choice test. The rest correctly responded at 1962 and photos taken from us five claim proved the Soviets were installing nuclear missiles in Cuba, Kennedy organized a naval blockade that could offer military supplies, and forced cruise ship in the Soviets to link a turn to ship surround and they went back home. Good take in the Kira. It says, okay, maybe Florida's proximity to the islandation. You have students here who are like up on questions about Cuba, and while they did better overall than the appears nation, why there were plenty of questions. They didn't answer correctly. Question, I beg your pardon? I said, such as. One question that's not many 10, I can't believe you were cheating on that thing with a presence. That is so, so embarrassing. This is a corresponding idea for a genius like you, somebody that everybody says, oh, that George, though, is so much useless. I mean, but very good in relation to not that much useless information. Wow. One question that's not many test takers. I asked about the off-site of American concept of the separation of church and state. Was it in Shrine in the Mayflower Compact, the Constitution, the Declaration of Independence, none of the above. It stems from letters of Thomas Jefferson. I knew that. These results are especially disturbing as we celebrate presence. They said, Mike Ratliff. Senior Vice President of Italy just says this. See, there's only a little bit of flim in there. I'm basically over to school, you know. A cold last like a week, 10 days, whatever. And it's basically gone, but there's like a little bit of that really dark green. Pue stuff down their way down in the bowels of my life. Pue it up. Mmm. Ooh, look at that. Nasty. Many Americans will spend a day's holiday picnic in shopping the sales. Without a thought about the leaders who shaped the democracy that makes our freedom possible. Oh, yeah, all you people out there watching this sit down there like a thinker. A moment of silent meditation. Oh, that statue of a thinker. He's sitting there with his hand resting and his head and his hand. Right. You know, bro damn. Really? See, I told you, there's a lot of useless stuff. I'm not in the art at all. And I know nothing about art. I don't know anything from me to know about art. I'm more than you need to know. What do you mean by that? In other words, you can, when you look at something, let's say, a piece of art, you know if it looks good or not to you. I know that when Andy Warhol painted a, you know, Coke can, that wasn't any art to make it. Even your genius here. We can art genius. I thought he was supposed to be the genius. Well, it gets again. We live in a democratic republic in America's entertainment and its culture. It's order. It's just as his prosperity and finance have Gary Scott a senior research fellow. If an unpartisan ISI, these are achievements, but they're not automatic. To preserve them, you have to know what the nature of the achievement is and how we got there. He said, very history professor, Tim Smith says he's known as a lack of historical knowledge among new students. Sometimes I feel like I'm working with a blank slay. He said, kind of like working a QA with a blank slate. At least one very student claims the Florida comprehensive assessment test, the F-CAD, which says not a clue to history section. With a sole F-CAD public school, a sole model down with standardized testing. There's no room to learn this subject, so Walter Cole 22, a senior political science major. But ratless says student knowledge doesn't improve much after their sneakers hit the campus. I'm actually not what kind of sneakers there were, I know. At the DC. Most students enter college with little knowledge about America's presence. And unfortunately, they leave college with virtually no gain in knowledge about the individuals who have let our nation ratless said. Charney Wallace 21 is a pre-law major at Barry, such he's had 20 US history courses. I think that US history is being taught, but the question is, will I remember? For the study of our 14,000 students from 50 US colleges were at 60 multiple choice questions about US history institutions. 10 dealt with US presidents specifically, Firstman scored an average of 57.2 percent, that's bad. Seen years with three years instead of the end of the bell scored less than a half-point higher, 57.6 percent, demonstrate the kind of flat learning curve that gives college professors headaches. Unfortunately, no more knowledge is gained from the four years of college at Scott. Abilities that much of the current university curriculum is incoherent. He advocates better courses with highly trained professors of US history and more homework. Gregory Bush, director of the Institute for Public History and University of Miami, agrees that knowledge of American history today is pretty pathetic, pathetic. College for more teacher training is said students from the MTV generation who are used to quick information by some flashy graphics will not be engaged by lectures. Most of the team projects are creating video documentaries to keep students attention. So many people think history is a series of facts, states and names that they need to regurgitate for a test he said. He's in a associate professor at UM. Much of history is debatable and that's good he said. I wonder what they teach in school about the war in Vietnam, about 58,000 kids who came home and body bags. They've realized that Johnson and Nixon and Kissinger told, what do they teach about that? Nothing. If that's a question of teaching history, it's a question of teaching like warp history, you know, propaganda, propaganda. You remember that Korean war? Yeah, nobody else does. Oh, work really well, didn't it? Just like the war in Vietnam, we're really well. Just like the Iraq attack is working really well. And just like the aldeers really, uh, Arab conflicts it works really well. Let it happen in the 63 votes on the pool. The USA economy is my spider hole. Now they turn me over to Iraq and control. But if the Americans don't keep me safe, pretty soon there's gonna be one more grave in Iraq. Yeah, here in Iraq. As soon as I put me in the dark, I will crawl in the jail, I'll say, my people can hardly wait to make me pay. Just like they did with the day in Jose, only one way to try and over my post. Caljani, Kakran, or Margaragos do Iraq. Yeah, the count to Iraq. If myself are going to stay alive, because again, to the jailhouse, Iraq. Maybe if I'm lucky I can stop a bleed. Maybe I can even see the sanity. I must have been crazy to get into this war. It's my grandest who still don't have for a Michael Moore here, Iraq. Yeah, here, here, here, Iraq. I had with some beyond the flag, and I will die in the jailhouse, Iraq. Die in the jailhouse, Iraq. I get to die in the jailhouse. I have a 32, that's why this practice won't happen, because we have an educated public out there. If you're looking like that, the media of course are willing to consider, as willing participants and willing facilitators. Right. Very enthusiastic in helping all the creeping factors and take over all your liberties, and imposing the well with all the stupid crap. That's what we're supposed to care about is, and in the cool, what's the story, man, with Howard K Smith, and in the cool's body and baby, and all none of the crap. Any interest? Not by me. No. Of course, I read the stories on the air, because that's what the public's interested in, right? That's right. Yeah, you got to give them what they want. That's it. Don't be reading anything newsy or anything too intellectual on the air, and you'll be because that isn't what's going to get you any numbers, man. I guess so. 31 years. Now, you think the celebration, I mean, obviously, it's not much of a number. You know, 31 is our number. Not exciting life last year when it was the 30th anniversary on the year itself, sort of like, Bap, turn to man. And look what they did last year, man. It was incredible. Mm-hmm. Wasn't it? Huge party. I'm still recovering from it. Blooms, party favors, banners, billboards, skies, the limit, man. What are they going to give me this year? Be so energetic. Now, headache and service. People do that. They're okay. They're okay. You know, everything is a copacetic. Okay. I think we'll take some calls this afternoon. We haven't got any. But it's a holiday. People are out there shopping for the president's day, too. Exactly. Exactly. Taylor, man. Here's a guy. You know what I get confused? Where? Always. And I'm not cheating. I mean, I could do that easily. But I'm not cheating. But after get to a John Tyler, who was number 10. And then, exactly, Taylor was 10. I always confused Miller, Phil, more, and James Knox, poke. 11 and 13. I don't know why. Yeah, I do too. Did they look similar? Yeah, you know, too. Yeah, you. Yeah. This is the guy that told us that they blinked. They blinked was our second president. And he's told us he gets confused. James Knox, poke, and the Miller film more. How about poke salad, Annie? Okay. Now, let's see. I mean, I would only be guessing. I think Miller film more was 11 and James Knox, poke 13. I always get it wrong. Is that correct? I already closed that page. Make me go back there. Oh, see, when I needed to give me the information, you're busy cheating. And you're not doing all the way to the top of your head. Miller to feel more. 11 or 13. When moment plays. Oh, I'm sorting by day. Is this rocket science? And of course, it does make it. It's just memory of a bunch of names. It's just, you know, what does it mean? You know, it's like memorizing numbers. Yeah. 13. 13. What? What? One more. 13. There's no one film other. James Knox, no one. James Knox, no one. Remember that, like, word association, something like poke yourself. Maybe that's the way it would poke yourself and they are not going to something Neil. You idiot. You idiot. You f- Yeah. Home of the table. Home of the table. Home of the table. And then Franklin Pearson, James, we can 80 link on. Now, which one was supposed to be? Uh, Franklin Pearson, James, we can't have one of them or maybe both. That was the rumor. You tell me. You keep that. I mean, that's not possible. That would be like having a government or floor to that day. That couldn't possibly be. That makes you not qualified, doesn't it? 7.3% of the audience says that gay people choose to be that way. You know, you know, the interesting part of the hard way thing that I haven't mentioned and not too many other people have probably either. That's it. And that is that how can you hate gay people when you don't know who most of them are? My best guess is that 95% I don't know. What would you say? At least 90% of gay people are still in the closet in the US? That's fair. Yeah. I'm not asking whether it's fair. I'm just asking whether it's fair. That sounds accurate. More than half. How's that? Okay. The other. Let's go to this way. The overwhelming majority of gay people in America are in the closet. They're not out. So it's not like you we felt like they have a label on their forehead or they're walking around with like a mincing and swishing and like a. Hey, I think. Like three out of four. Okay. 75% are up to. Okay. George, you started like with 50. Now he's up to 75%. That being the case, how do you know you had gay people? You know who most of them are? Well, you know you hate them as you become aware. I see. Like I did. You're all hate you. Question. W to Q.A.M. Hello. Good morning sir. Yes sir. Um. Well, deal I'm thinking about since this whole. Tim Hardaway ignorance stuff. Yeah. Um. I'm thinking since you know the whole argument now, what you know it's the last thing they have to grab onto. First of all the ignorance of the locker room and you know the plan on the court and all that I did stuff. I'm wondering if. If I wondered if these people if you. Happened to suffer. From say. Prostate problems. Um. You know you have a history of that or your wife your girlfriend your mother. Your sister had this. Suffer from prostate problems? Yeah. And the world's bad. The actual. And the world is happens to be gay. Would you go to this person or not? Please Prostate. All this thing is so stupid. You know who who cares. Why? Why does anybody have to feel. Exactly. What? How does it affect a person? What kind of a person? How does it change the kind of person they are? Who they're sleeping with or having sex with? How does that change them? What? What are factors that have and how they react to you? It does. It does. Again. I see it. You know. You know. It's ridiculous. But anyway. And when's the last time we heard of any male athlete getting molested or raped Or some other male athlete in the locker mine. I never heard of it. So I mean I'm sure like Greg LeBond. You know last is doctors. He was suffering from particular cancer. Hey, doctor. Are you. Are you a. Are you a. Just wanted to put that out there. Okay, for all the part colleges listening. Thank you. There you go. Have a great day. Well, we don't. I don't know if we have any product colleges. We have a lot of A holes. I know that. Let him have an 78 votes on the floor. We're going to make I think 1300. They easy. Of course we start out with a big deal with a big jump for the big age. 13 Q a m. Hello. Q a m. Gord. We know. Okay. And try to take a little extra breath there. That's why I was slow today. Yap. Okay, and euager ds I yeah. Do I. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I don't know what your surprise about 7.3 percent of the audience say that he. What would the i that the pole team at the guys G. People are, and this is they say choose that life. Well, 7.3 percent of your audience is a Republican on the Russian. You had something now. Yeah. That's right. They may not be good at least their consistent. I had a good point. Absolutely. And then you're going to be mad at me before that you go. I hope that I use so but I am a male that used body wash. No way. We're running up on me again. You did what? I voted as a male that used so. In other words, you did that just to aggravate me, is that it? He's not wanted. I wanted to see you have a connection on the air. But yeah, now listen, let me ask you something. Are you going to be taking any showers any time soon? No, but it's up to get me together. I mean, hopefully, individually. But I don't think you and I are going to be taking any shower soon. So I don't care whether you're so body wash, a meal, I don't care what you use. Well, I think it's more entertaining when you're going off. Okay, thanks for the evibration pal. Hi, buddy. See, if you just wanted to get you off. You sounded lucky, God, my mom would take a shower with us, wrong with that. I'll tell you a second picture. Don't send a picture. See, sometimes sending a picture is not a good idea. Just like a visual. He looked just like a pretty quinn on a good day or maybe like a Ryan Filippe. I think he's sure I was riding for leap in a heartbeat. With the soap or the body wash. Although it seems to me the body wash should be much more romantic. You should mirror that all over somebody's body in the shower. I mean, soap, soap in the shower. Well, I mean, and of course, everybody keeps dropping it. You know that. And don't tell me that some of you soap guys don't use it because that's what you love. The biggest thing. Oh, I'm going to tell you three days, pig and heart growth. For Shreddie of 560. Alright, this is G Gordon-Witty and they don't come any worse than Neil Roger. Turned about. What is warm? I'll thank you. Come here often. I'd be here before. No, third child. What's your name? Freeway. Freeway, that's nice. Unspigged. It's an issue. Biggest. My name here. I hear you hear the kids clean. Oh, I don't know. You work around here. I'm a waiter, but actually I'm an actor. Oh, yeah, yeah. I know. What's the top? You probably need to relax. Oh, I'll say. But you know, with everything it's a news and all, let's say hey, you can start relaxing right now, freeway. I brought something cool. She and freeway. Not just any sheep either. Look. Wow, gold, man. Pretty big. You can't do that. But here's the most important part, freeway, in the Pro-Tex label. Pro-Tex? I'm those in Doris. By the City Council of San Francisco. Absolutely. You know the Pro-Tex slogan, too. I sure do. Certified safe by the City by the Bay. Ha, ha, ha. Well, what are you saying? Darn, look at that. I dropped the soap again. Oh, yeah. And you bet your life he will. And with confidence, because freeway and speaking have come to me, said, don't let worry, spoil those chance meetings and public showers. Always carry, Pro-Tex. I don't doubt. No, what it's all about. The Pro-Tex, too. So they won't send you a ring. Pro-Tex condoms. Adhibition of Black Black House and Garden has been told to begin. Keeping situation safe since 1887. Yeah, I think that what we ought to start doing the bond with the audience, though the better is still there. So, we're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. We're going to have to do that. Think that what we ought to start doing the bond with the audience, though the better is start making some selections and start taking showers with members of the audience. What is that? Oh, right. What's wrong with that? Not at all. I mean, if all these athletes can take showers naked together and nobody even questions that for a moment, why the hell can't just regular or nerve pedestrian people going, you know, like having a communal shower kind of plays. Like a bath house. Okay. Well, bath house sounds awfully. Okay. Yeah. Prince Harry is in Iraq. You ready for that? He's in the rap. He's in Iraq. Oh, look at that. Man. Chocolate. Hmm, kind of like New Orleans. The British police protection officer responsible for Prince Harry has flown to Iraq to begin making security arrangements for the Royal soldiers deployment to Iraq amid fierce for his safety, according to British press reports. Wouldn't that be something if they blew his ass up and a record and then the British might actually invade Iraq? Oh, that's right. They already do. Sorry. The daily male newspaper claimed the Prince is already referred to as a bullet magnets. Really? By fellow soldiers as his blues and rose regimen, prepares for an anticipated six month tour of Iraq. They're going on a tour, you know? Like a tour of the museums and a tour of a fucking ampallist. They're going on a tour. Wow. He's a bullet magnet. And of course, you know how I feel about the Royal family. Right. As they say in Sweden, Hubman Dred. Oh, look at this from the University Dodge. You know, these people over there, I sure hope they start selling some cars pretty soon over there, because they obviously don't have much work going on. It's another gate hole from one of Kim Boe campers, boyfriends over their university, Dutch. Every single day, and not that I'm not in polls, but it's another gate hole. I don't want to do this right away. Too many gate holes lately. It's basically, no. You think this was kind of a show or something? Huh? Yeah. Space amount. This is kind of interesting though. I guess. I can, uh, uh, Paul is if I found out that my best friend was gay, I would end the friendship immediately. Support him as he comes out of the closet. Remain his friend, but we request that he doesn't tell anyone else he's gay. Try home with sexuality myself. I guess it depends on what your best friend looks like. I can't join them. Be the, try to change him, or I hate this gay pole. Or maybe I just hate his pole. I, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, how do you like that? That's not a bad pole, but like I said, too many gay poles, squirrels the pudding isn't that the way it goes. Right. With the brits say, yeah. The brits in that great cuisine, you know, that whole royal family man, they just, they give me constipation just thinking about them. They, they bind up my system. The people are born that way. 574, we got 103 votes. I should have mentioned we passed the 1200 barrier. Wow. What a feather in my cap. Of course, I don't wear a cap. I wear a twook. Yeah. There are some people who are chants here, but generally speaking, this time, you're, you got to have a twook. If you don't have a twook, you're going to have there in, puke, you ever see people wearing those big, fur, Russian hats out there. Sure. Wow. Like I'm about bush, yeah. Sure. Yeah. Now that just thing to look fine. But what show is this that I'm watching? I have a cupcake on their head. What is this show I'm watching with all these people diving, making it into the water and doing stuff like that? I don't know what you're doing. I don't know what you're doing in a scape. Oh, wherever that would, wherever that scene was just now, I'll travel there. And just try to escape. Game people are born in a way, 576. You see, there he goes again, promoting all of that filth and sexual hanky spanky on here. He's bad. That's right. I'll be bad. Game people are fine with me, 301. So if he put those together, they got 72.6%. Choose that life 88, 7.2%. You know what this reminds me of, but reminds me of the day, what was the poll about what, what I, where I'm doing the show, and I told him box is short, it's only. They still kept voting for all these other choices on there. Came in a very weak third. They answered the question they want to answer. They answered it in reverse. Don't confuse them with the facts. This is our opinion and take it. They're voting for what they think you should. Like we're going to call them in the go and say, he uses body wash, but he voted for soap to aggravate me. You think it really aggravates me, whether it's the same thing as whether people are gay or not. How does it affect my life? How does it affect them here? How does it affect me whether you guys are using body wash or soap? How does that affect me? Every time you reach for the body wash, you wince and you squirm. No, I do. No, I do. Like somebody, what I got? What? I got the same lives I forgot again. That's my favorite. That's what I'm using right now. With those gritty beads in it, whatever the hell you call those things? Flavor crystals. Hmm. Oh, Jesus, what did I just miss? There's something really good. Damn you. Oh, no. I'm at something really incredible on there on CNN just a second ago. And just as I turned, they were changing the picture. I wish I had the, see on my other set on my HD set. You can like rewind it because it's always doing the PBR thing, right? And you can see it over here. But not on this stupid little citizen TV. They must have caused Bob or Muth about 15 bucks. Damn it. That was something really, really good. Anyway, gay people are fine with me 301. Choose that life 88. Right. Love Tim Hardway 69. If we all love, we're going to go out there down there and get it washed. We're going right down in the car too. Gay people want me 44. They want you. Hmm. Badly. I'll get people, I hit this pole. 3.2% 40. Gay people are all fleeing. There's 31. Wish they were straight 22. That would be like saying, how many straight people? Wish they were gay, you know? Who ever heard of such a thing? Yeah. I'll get people a easy to spot 20. And they scare me 17 at 12 and 15 bucks. Well, you made me miss something really. Why you didn't do it? The show, the show gets in the way of good TV one. Yeah, the show and if you interfere with my scene, something really good on there. Some really good flesh. WQAM Hello. You did run from the cops. They changed. Hey, hey, hey, run run for your life, pal. Yeah, sure I did. WQAM Hello. We all over the weekend. I was dragged into the QAM office. No, like mag, mad dog. Get it, get it. Come on, get me. WQAM Hello. Yeah. Okay, they're getting good now, man. I told you it's a holiday. Don't expect too much. 5605, I said, for a satellite he was in pain on a way out that time. And they're weird and pain. To which I could only say, oh, right. Yeah, if he was. Like in Super Heavy Duty pain. 560560, Tom 560 and the Verizon Senior Wireless One. Come on, let's go. Paper of plastic, soap or body wash, normal or spastic. That's our poll today. I love the people of a car, but say, well, I got one for the poll here. Yeah, let's build a poll. Not what we haven't done that in a long time. And you know what? I'm really pleased about that. I hated that. Into a hate that? Yeah, not a good idea. Here we go. It was the same. I got one for the poll. Well, good for you. Congratulations. Okay. Now, with this, all you've done, that's all you have to say. That's your life. That's your entire brain process, your thought process. Coming forth to the audience out there is you got some name that you want to spew on here for the poll. Good, Gally, Miss Molly. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, listen, the same knife is cheap stuff. The best body wash there is. VIPA bath, fight-up-ath. Be bad, Miss. What do you mean it's cheap stuff? What does that mean? Well, I'm not. I'm going to click using swat. Okay, but you use what you want to use. Not used what I want to use. That's why I say boy, anybody that would eat like that low-car pasta. You should go to like some fancy gourmet Italian restaurant and get real pasta and have your blood sugar erupted like 500. Good to know it's the cheap stuff. If I found something cheaper, I'd use that. That's right. That's why it's yours, like, because it's not only good, but it's also the cheap stuff. Oh, you already used cheap body wash. I got this making the kind of money you are named. You're using cheap body wash. What are you? Some kind of a cheap Jew? We like ours in the tub. WQAM, hello. Good morning. Sir? Hi. I'd like to speak with Neil. Please speaking, please. Yes, I know. Two things. Number one, the very simple way to understand how to memorize different President's names. One is to live in the city of Hollywood because I said, Yeah, there's all the streets there. I need to do the President's right. Not on the street. Just drive up and down the street. They're up and down the 441. Well, I think George was in Hollywood, right? He was when he lived over by 95. He ain't living by any of the presidents. They're not all named after presidents. Right. Not the president, Sheridan. No, but there's no other way. That's the area of the Hollywood, whether they're named after characters from passions, or show experience. The second thing I had, and it's been a mystery to me over the years, especially at the panther season, Ticket Holder, and give me a ride. Forgive me for boring your audience. But what? No. That's impossible. But I'm curious as to what it is about the sport of hockey that these locals, particularly sports personalities, I can use that word liberally. Yes. Find so reprehensible about the sport. It has action. It's called it is called ignorance. It's stupidity. It's a greatest sport in the world. And in South Florida, you got people all day in the West football. That's all they know. And occasionally basketball, if they hit their like last year when a championship, it's a front running phony town. That is correct. It seems to be in 14 years. And you'll be called the year that the panther is went to the stand-in cup finals. Everybody was a panther fan. Everybody had the flags in the car. Everybody was throwing a ratchet to a total phony balloon. He caught 70 night at the air Canada center. They had a ceremony because the Leafs, of course, are franchise like the dolphins that are living in the past 40 years ago. The last time Leafs went to stand in cup of 1967. And they had all the living members of the 67 team there. And it was an emotional thing. And boy, they sure know how to do it. I'm sorry. And if you could have seen the enthusiasm in that crowd. And most of those people weren't even born when that assembly cup was won. And the enthusiasm and the name of the names of the players, Johnny Bower, Dave Keon, Craig Mahabalach, Alan Stanley, Yati Adi. And it was great. And these are people with a passion. South Florida's a place with no passion. It's as sterile as the inside of a bandade box. The biggest name. So best talent to be the faces of being a rocker. This course, Radio 560. You, baby. Oregon is the 12-1 hour on Q-8-M. What's this obsession with hope? Who will Rosie O'Diala? Technics. Find out on the view. The pulp don't get me started. Do us a favor and drag the pulp mal-bill into a low-bridge. First, it was Trump. The idle judges in Oprah. Now, who else is on her list? What's with Bono in the Dead Release? Say you build your chief Irishman? Rosie is real redless. Billy Graham. You're already. If you're so close to God, go play on the visit. Will you? And when she's done treaching the living, she'll go after the Dead. Princess Diana. You don't wear a seat belt. You go with you to the zone. How low will Rosie go? Find out on the view. Mother Teresa. I mean, I know she's dead, nothing but what a wench. That's being stuck on the bed. It's not stuck in the lead zone. And go for the fire wing. Who owns it? And how many of us have died? We're going to make a move. Thanks, Michael. I'm going to make a move. He's in charge. Oh, Michael. It's sure not nearly as exciting as watching the Dolphins lose nine or ten games every year, but then again, what could possibly be... Or did he exist? What? What could be more exciting than that? What could be more thrilling than watching and what passes for sport and so forth? Again, one dimensional people, man. That's all they know from. What's the way this bandwagon to jump on? Fony, baloney. That's very sad. And of course, I remember the one thing I'll never forget. Forget about that whole phony year that we had totally plastic just like the rats. Fony, baloney. But I come back from a vacation of Europe one of my eight thousand vacations. And I'd read in USA today that this is like we were still down there. And must have been our first few years, QAM, for a few months. Yeah, it was because it was in the wintertime. Remember we started December 30? Yes. And the Panthers had just made the trading gotten Pavel Buri, who, for my money, at that time, was the best player in the world. And I read that in the USA day. And I was so excited. I was like screaming and yelling and jumping up and down and sparsely and jooling all over my subhandle, like usual. And I mentioned it on the air. It was like, what? Who was that? What is that? So, yeah, I have to temper my emotions about 31 years on here in this town a week from Thursday. Because what does it really mean? You know, of the fact I made a few bucks? What does it really mean? That. You made a few bucks. I must have done a survivor that I've survived 31 years fighting uphill. You know? Like the guy who calls to tell me that he voted for soap on the pole to aggravate me. He was a good guy and everything and maybe I would like to take a show with him. I don't know. I don't know. But anyway, it calls to tell me that. Just aggravate me, you know? Even though it uses body wash. How many body wash closet people do you think are out there? I bet you're lying. Because they probably figure we're tracing their IP addresses. Something when they vote on the pole. Or speaking of tracing IP address, you know who our number one visitor to our website is? To our mice base. Probably we have 129 members of mice base. 129 friends. Huh? Yeah. Is number one. So I did a little IP trace of it. I've been checking that a little more thoroughly and going through a little more. And part of where that goes is through coral gables. Huh? You think in that which is? Sure. Huh? Yeah. Who's on there like every five minutes all over our website. Like stick on the house. It turns out that the person then gave to me. Somebody very, very like a discipline you need in your life. 238 votes on the pole. We got 13 licorice. Okay. We probably should take them the day off today, you know? Yeah, I agree. Put it around to the PN radio. No, what about winning? Go from 10 to 10. That's in the line. I mean, we already got this morning. Who I also, a little bit too much gully for me in 48 hours. Hearing his voice on there with the niece, pot fan boy. You talked about your Rogers. Yeah, I bet you would. And I like most said I came with these guy children. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, any Verizon signal, where else? That's one of the few things more ever said that I would agree with. But he's want to talk? No, what does that mean? No, what does that mean, Chris? Yeah, what does that mean, Chris? Is there something we should know about most of the Dingo Gary? I mean, I don't know if he, you know, is one of your people, but, you know, he's not exactly one of the greatest people ever mean. So the fact that he found a wife is kind of a pretty good thing. In the fact that he actually had relations with him at one point at some point, did you think that they actually did the old nasty, the old salami deal? Wow. This is better than sex. I'm sure. WQAM, hello. Yes. It's the wrong one. Haha, boy, you even let me get, you know what you mean? It's just, no, what is him? WQAM, hello. WAM. And an A-Neil, how are you doing, man? Okay, sir. I was listening to my work. And I just heard that he could change the IP address the last thing. Is that not he do that? Oh, I did not, I can't tell you, it's an ancient Chinese secret. It's like that this washing of things. It's an ancient Chinese secret. If I have to tell you how to trace an IP address man, and you just really, you know, how about Googling it, go on your computer, okay? And put in their trace IP address free, because that's got forbidden. Anybody should have to pay for it. And you know, a lot of that stuff under it is such a RIPA. Are you aware of that? Oh, yeah. That will deal about tracing people's this and that, and they're, you know, as I am. Two signs. It's just, a lot of it is. I have a general rule that I apply. If I see it on the internet, I presume that it's a RIPA, until I have a reason to think otherwise. I see. I've got your rule of thumb. I believe across money you can't afford it. That too. I always apply that. 247 votes on a pool. We could have had 14 to the if Josh Cortis was there today, and it's cheering from the sidelines. He was pretty good on Friday. What's all got into him? He was a very animated. I think it's because he and I love each other so much. That was the, yeah? Oh, I guess what? What? Guess what's going to be their Wednesday speaking of Josh Cortis. Oh, his, like, late, late, late, late, late. He was a late, late, late, late, late, late, late, late, late, late, late. His brand new one that I've forked out a hundred bucks because I'm such a swollen, great guy, because I'm a legendary. I hope you tell everybody that I'm a great guy, damn it. I always do. Please. Even if it's a lie. WQAM Hello. Hello, new life purpose. Yeah, I represent a group of very disenfranchised losers. QAM Hello. QAM. Venerish. Disvenish the thin air. Must have been his boyfriend. QAM Hello. Neil? Yes, sir. Peter Bolter. I'm here running the fresh farm machine in McDonald's. Yeah. Yeah. I thought my calling and life. Okay. Nice going, Pete. Okay. Get out of the old ship. See how many people didn't stab over there, Pete. We were just talking about people to be fully showed today, George and I. And what I find was backstabbing. Although he actually said something almost good about him. Who are you comparing him to? Yeah. The people here. You're comparing him to these sports fraternity there, QA. I was saying that when Pete Bolter destroys a radio station, he does it on purpose. Deliberately, he knows exactly what he's doing. He's doing it on purpose because he hates that radio station. These people are doing it. I heard when they bought I would hear everybody said about that. W I O D. Oh, I hate that station. That's what he said. He presented the stride, right? Methodically. Right. These people are really good. They know something we were supposed to. And you know what we had guilty on this morning. I would love to see. And this isn't a shot at him. All I had is I would love to see because I, He talked about with sports the whole time that I was listening. I heard about an hour. And all he talked about with sports and you like calls I heard. He had to do with hockey because he does the Panther broadcast, obviously. And you know, there's no interest in hockey. So you talk about narrow cast. And you talk about taking a ton. It will be like taking a slice of pie, okay? A Boston cream pie, which I'm very fond of. I don't eat pie because it's nothing but pure sugar, but nevertheless. Taking a slice and slicing it again. And then slicing it again. You know what I mean? That's right. Keep slicing it. Nothing but crumbs left. Keep slicing until you can see through it. It's smart. Right. Like it like it to me. Like if I'm poopier, with those sharp knives, you know, with Uncle Schmender, whatever his name is. I can't believe you don't watch information. There's a side of it. No, I do watch the Spanish language under where control top pantyhose and filmers. I'll write. They show. They show ass. They show a line. Yeah. 1250 on your dial. 250 votes on a pool. What? It's pretty dang good. And let's see. Gay people choose that life. They choose to be gay. 7.2%. That number is consistent. 90 people. Excuse me. 90 people out there said that gay people choose to be gay. I remember the day that I made that choice. I was about like 10 years old. I sat down. I opened up a sports magazine. I thought, look at that. I think I'm going to like get off-site at about that. And then I went, you know, we lived right next door when I was in high school. We lived right next door to the high school athletic field. The football field, the track, the whole deal. And so I could sit in the window of the spare bedroom. We had a spare bedroom like a guest bedroom. I could sit in the window. I watched the hot young guys there from the high school. Out there running track, you know, and stuff with their shirts off and whatever. And I said there one day and I thought to myself, you know what? I'm going to choose to let that give me all seemingly an all worked up. Like that. That's it. That's exactly how it works. How many QAAM? Hello. Neal. Yes, sir. How are we going? Great. I will be in attendance with Thursday night when we Florida Panthers play the Pittsburgh Tang one with Sydney Crosby and company. I'm the one that's excited about it. Yeah. And if Kenny Melkin. Exactly. Right. But same fall that nobody cares. Well, that's your fair town man. We can sit here and scream about it from natural love and cows come home. But it ain't going to change anything. They don't give her craft. They haven't got any clue who the people are. They don't care. And then I'm only that. But half of the people who do show up are definitely saw this anyway. Come on. Who's somebody? Who did it come on? Who are all? I mean, haven't got it like 80's in Panther games since the franchise and see inception. I mean, listening to the the rambling idiocy and lunacy and lack of any kind of understanding of the game. How many seasons do you have to have a team in a given sport before you start to understand the way the game is played and who the players are? But turn to me. I guess we got a way to go out. I don't think they'll make it that long. This is a franchise that's made to play off three times in its entire existence. And it's existence. And they are going to make it again this year. Even if you're going to drive spell. Yeah, they're just in the front of your drive spell. Something like that. The good part of it is nobody cares. See if people read the idea to care like with the dolphin thing. That's that's starting to frost a few asses now. That's why the coaches keep getting canned or running away or whatever the deal is. People are getting a little bit hostile about that. What is this? With one word, children's both sets off off up or this might be pretty interesting after the break. What is this about? It's kind of cute. The higher power of lucky. It's funny. Read it during the break, you decide. A rattlesnake bites his dog on the scrotum. Okay, so after the bad break. The biggest name. So best talent for the business. The real rocker. For 20. 560. You're a damn. That's not my money. Previously on 24. What? The following takes place between 10 and 10 and 5 a.m. On Jack Bowers 24 hours off. Well, Mr. Bower, I'm Dr. Schnitzel Grover. If you just bend over the engraved rankals for just a second, this shouldn't take long. I should have come into my office and talked to me like that. I can't you understand me. Here in my office. I'm tired of putting my ass on the line for nothing. I'm done putting my ass on the line for nothing. If you weren't so tense as well, hers. It's just a question of how much you want to try hard. I come down, Mr. Bower. Maybe if I called the nurse. Nurse. Nurse. Nurse. Nurse. Nurse. Nurse. Nurse. Nurse. Nurse. Nurse. Nurse. Your husband really not like it. It's your home. 24 hours off. 10 a.m. On the on Fox. So, 17, that would be a good pull to take some time. Would you go to a productologist for an exam if you knew he was gay? I would imagine that that would give him more expertise than you even would like up on me as to tell you. Well, let me buy that. More expertise on. What are you in in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in arm схu,這樣子 with a baby. Hurray pull from you. And so, too into the display that PepperШ is loving. Warming tomatoes fighting at that time that instrument came to shape you and and then that direction to the East and devastate you, even. is winner of the new very metal the most prestigious warden children's literature. The books hero when a scrappy ten year old orphan named Lucky Trimble, here is the word through a hole in the wall and other characters says he saw a Randall snake by his dog Roy on the Scroatum. That's what Scorant only one time, he saw a dog by a dog on the Scroatum. I think that's a dog. Anyway, Scrotum is sounded lucky like something green that comes up when he had the fluid cough too much the book continues. It sounded medical and sick of but also important. In potent. The inclusion of the warder shocks him school library and so it pleads to ban the book for elementary schools and we open the debate over what constitutes acceptable content and children's books. The controversy was first reported by publishers weekly a trade magazine. On electronic mailing list like library and dot net, dozens of literary blogs and pages on the social networking site live journal, teachers' office and school library and websites exercise over the book. Libburans from all over the country including Missoula Montana, Upstate New York, Central Pennsylvania and Portland, Oregon, weighed in, questioning the role of library and when selecting or censoring some argued literature for children. The book included what I call a Howard Stern type shock treatment just to see how far they could push the envelope but they didn't have the children in mind. Dana Nielsen, a teacher in library and in Durango Colorado wrote on LM.net, a mailing list that reaches more than 16,000 school librarians, how very sad, she said. The book has already been banned from school libraries and the handful of states in the south, the west and northeast and librarians and other schools have indicated in the online debate that they may well follow suit. Indeed, the topic has done many of the discussion among librarians since the book was shipped to schools. Pat Scales from our chairwoman of the Newbury Award Committee said that declining the stock to book in libraries was nothing short of censorship. The people are reacting to that word and not reading the book as a whole she said, that's what censors do. They pick out words and don't look at the total mirror to the book. If we were any other novel, it would probably be an unnoticed, unordered and unread. But in the world of children's books, winning a newbury is the replica of Lena being selected as an Oprah's book club title. Libraries and bookstores routinely ordered two more copies each year as winners with the books read and allowed to children talk and classrooms. The higher power of lucky was first published November by Athenian Merchur Jackson Books. An imprint of seven and two is recubbated by a modest print run of 10,000. After the announcement of the Newbury Award January 22, it published her quick-the-word in another 100,000 copies which arrived in bookstore schools and libraries around February five. Weaked it in a homilion Los Angeles, Ms. Patron said she was stunned by the objections, stunned it at the story of the Randall State by she said was based on a true incident involving a dog's friend. He got bit on the Scroat. She wrote. And one of the things that a book is that lucky is preparing himself to be a grown-up, Ms. Patron said learning about language and body parts that is very important to her. The word is just so delicious, Ms. Patron said the sound of the word to lucky is so evocative. It's one of those words that's so interesting because of the sound of the word. Ms. Patron was a public library in an LA said the book was written for children nine to twelve years old, but some librarians kind of said since they heard one of the higher power of lucky is 10, children ordered that would not be interested in reading that. I think it's a good case of an often not realizing a audience at Frederick Mower, a librarian in the Hall State Middle School in Newton, New Jersey. If I were a third or fourth grade teacher, I would not have to explain that. Authors of children's books sometimes sneak in the single Touchy Worder paragraph, leaving librarians to choose whether to ban entire book over one of them in the phrase, I don't understand what what's the deal with nine or ten year old kids about Scroatum? Nothing. But you're not a born again Christian nervous, nearly, no are you? Why can be a nervous nilly? In the case of lucky, some of them take no chances. When they stole librarians from a elementary and local Kentucky wrote on the element mailing list, that she wouldn't stock the book. And we accost the librarian at the French Road Elementary School in Brighton, New York, where I went to school, well I'm not at that school, though. French Road. I went to Brighton Elementary. Is that an incredible how do you like that? And we accost the librarian at French Road Elementary School in Brighton, since he anticipated angry calls from parents if she ordered it. I don't think our teachers are myself who want to do that vocabulary lesson she said in the interview. One library and we responded to Ms. Nilsson's posting on LM nets, I'd only said to say, I didn't order free to my school's based on the word. Scroatum. Scroatum. Oh my God. All right. She wrote him and it was Scroatum. Books tell us to our watchful for Racy content and books they endorsed to customers. Carol Chitton. You heard me. You heard me. The owner of eight cousins of Oxford and Pharma from Mass, since she once horrified customer with the adventures of Blue Adventure by Norma Howe, an avalanche to junior high school students. I remember one time showing the book to a grandmother and thusing about it. She said, there's a chapter in it that's very funny in the word condom comes up. Of course she opens the book right to that page and that's in condom. Oh my God. Junior high school students and condoms. Oh brother. Heaven forbid. It's not the first time school librarians have scrooted a book's content. Of course, scum. Are you again cracking those knuckles? I can hear it like a minion miles away. Yes. Some school officials have tried to ban Harry Potter books and schools saying that they implicitly endorse witchcraft and Satanism. Young adults by duty, Bloom, no decades old. I will change the kicked out of school libraries. They don't implicitly endorse that they explicitly endorse it. May the last I'm reading the article. All right. This is New York Times. What do you know that the New York Times does know about Harry Potter? No. Ms. Nelson reached the study said L.M.F. School in Durango, Colorado. Since he'd heard from dozens of libraries, we agreed with her stance. Her stance. He's squatting on it. I don't want to start an issue about censorship. She said, but you won't find men's genitalia in quality literature. At least not for children, she said. You won't find the scrote being wrote in kids books. I mean, I just just read any speaks. I just don't know what to do. I don't want to go. I'm on them in junior high school, kids of the book. That would have been an important book because one of my friends in high school was still saying scrote. Yeah, scrote. If you got them, scrote, like he'd never heard the word before or seen it in print. What are you trying to say? He was a moron. He was a moron. Well, because it was a territory. Oh, I'm going to say something that I've scrote him in my throat. Again, is that what it says there? It's a word that comes up when you have the flu and cough too much. I'm like, yeah, I've scrote him. I heard it's a word that's always on your tongue. I'm not here today. This is a tape. Yeah, it's a tape that you'll well put together. Come on, we're going to 61 of those new series of bombings raised in a rack. All kinds of tourists look at that. I'll add bomb now stuff and all these guys looking around like, oh, hey, what's going on here? Oh, that's so sad. It's pathetic. They're the only good thing use that America doesn't really care for the most part. There's a few thousand people here in the go out there and they protest and they scream and they holler and some of us care, but generally speaking, I look here. What is a story about idiots climbing an mountain in the middle of the winter? What is this after it would Britainese haircut that's right? I'd like to know. What is it after it would Anna Cole's stenchy body? From 161 votes on a poll, gay people are born at way 603. Our fine with me 309. Choose that life 91, 7.2 percent. Constant idiots. Remember that's the constant gardener bed movie by the way. The constant idiots. All of them are the only 75. Those gay people they love them. They want to do them. Gay people want me 45. See when one of the guys says that, I think you wish us. Right. He wishes they gay people want to do it. A switchful thing. Right. I hate this poll only 3.2 percent 41. Gay people are all flameers 33. Wish they were straight 25. Our easy to spot 23. And scare me. I'm a scared man. Only 17. The biggest name. So that's what you're saying. For you. I have a buddy. This is Billy Jelly, the only lowly down speed. But I regularly boy. But I have to be better as the official boy of the Florida PENTAIN. I'm here to tell you about the wonders of ionized yeast. This is the good yeast. Not the smelly time. Let the roses side you crack. I am an ice yeast. Put me on your phone. So when Martin and the porcelain in the bedroom could really use this stuff. That's just one of the many benefits to use an ionized yeast. This is the period I don't even know if it's a dirty. I have an ionized yeast anyway. I mean, I'm gay. And the music that's going on over there. I'm fighting the stones down. I'm talking about that. Yeah. If anybody here is the only one. Yeah. I'm going to make this. But if anybody can do it, I'm talking about the water. Yeah. You're having a mouth. Yeah. Yeah. My favorite comment by a guilty about the panthers this morning was when you said the organization is like a rotten fish. You know if it's things from the head. It's things all the way down the tail. It's a 1232 at 5. 16. How about you QAM? Now it's like a food insecurity in Iraq. We're doing a heck of a job. And we may not be good, but at least we're consistent. The lack of security in Iraq is leading out of a collapse in food supply. Oh, right. Look at us begging for food despite the food. The lack of security in Iraq is leading out of a collapse in food supply. Oh, right. Look at us begging for food despite the fortunes we have. 60 year old Ullum Mutana from Baghdad told IPS in a press service. Standing at a vegetable market in central Baghdad, we're vegetable supplies and out what they used to be. Ullum Mutana Mood, Mahmoud, despair for Iraq. What? A country with two great rivers should have been the biggest exporter in the world. But now we're big from food from those who participated in killing us. Iraq is rich in oil and agricultural resources. Local and international aid flooded into Iraq in 2004. The year following the invasion, much of the supply was blocked off after the kidnapping of many aid activists in the country. The food that Iraqis didn't get was off and out what they needed or wanted. Maybe it wasn't even halal. Iraqis don't feel at ease receiving food. Even they've supported food in the past. He called him as Dr. Just Sima al-Rakabi told IPS. Iraq has been a field of aid in geos since the US occupation began. And many of those NGOs brought food stuff that is not what Iraqis were used to. But they had to take a do the need they were facing. In other words, if you were starving to death and they brought you a bunch of rice. And you said, oh, that's why rice only like brown rice. Yes. Yes, what? Yamama. Barley wheat pulses and the famous Iraqi dates are stable. And also are sported. Oh, dates. Oh, I can't stand it. I've had a few dates. Common meals in Iraq include rice, lamb, chicken, and local grown vegetables like cucumbers, and instant tomatoes. Under the occupation Iraqis are getting much of their food from companies in Australia. Another country who assisted the Western invasion in occupation. This food is often bit of low quality. During July, 2006, the Iraqi Ministry of Trade rejected a destroyed thousands of tons of contaminated food or food past its expiry date. This is an interpressed expiry date. The food is caused widespread poisoning. Dr. Rick Khabi holds both the US back to the back of the government and US occupation authorities. We're responsible for the failing food supply. By the end of 2005, most international NGOs had withdrawn from Iraq on the orders of their governments who saw the writing on the wall of increasing surgery and violence. Maybe they saw the writing on the wall like Daniel and Lines did. Remember, he saw the writing on the wall? That's right. And it said, Barahoo, I don't know him. Barahoo. That's exactly what it said. Just like the ribbing tins and pop up, oh, mama. That's what it said. That's what the original Hebrew translates to, Papa, oh, mama, oh, hey, baby. Subsy and dreary. That's what it is said. The security situation in like a gas means that local farmers are often able to get their food to the markets and it goes on and butto me put a book for it up and the prices of imported goods have increased dramatically. All the way around, it's a nightmare is what it is. It's a freaking nightmare. And the American public are like, well, it's way goes. Too bad for them. We got to get it over there before they come and get us. Yeah. That's right. Get all those Iraqis over there, man. Those men women and children, those little babies before. Because you know what they say about terrorists. What do they say? They chose that. That is for no one. They were born terror now. They were they chosen. It was a choice. They were socializing to becoming terrorists, just like fags are socializing to becoming gay. Like that. And still 7.2% of the Saudi's stubbornly insist. But the guy made a good point. That one guy that one puts, he made a really good point. So. And when we took the poll about that, what I don't know what the topic was. But like about 7% of the Saudi audience, they were Republicans. And 7.2% of the Saudi say gay people. They're like, you have life. So that you have to justify your hate. I mean, if you admit, if you come to the point where you finally confess and admit that you were wrong and then people are born with their sexual orientation whatever happens to be, then it's much more difficult to justify the hate. That's why I don't like the way they dress. I don't like the way they look. I don't like the way they smell. I don't like the way they look at my ass. What? Whatever. You know, you gotta come up with some other excuses, I guess. Probably 79. We got 131 or before the top of the hour. We got a shot at something man. If Chris was put, well, Chris is busy stunting his president right now. Next time I give him like an instant pop quiz on the ear like that. That was not good. That was bad. Bad by me. Putting you on a spot. Now, where did you go to school? High school went to Highly a High. Ah. No wonder. If I would have asked you to name all the Cuban presidents, you probably could've told me. But no. Full hints you about Tista? Who was before a Batista George? Here, that's good thing. Well, what do you mean I'm asking you? You're a Cuban descent, don't you know you're Cuban history, Mr. What is wrong with you, people? That would be like asking me who the, you know, about gay history. Yeah. About like, what's his name? Michael Anzolo. What about him? He didn't need a ladder. He didn't need no ladder up there to paint the system in chapel. He was floating up there. Did you know that? No. Because there's no way you can get that. You're very little to see. Just put this on that big educational packet you got from this show. Pop-L-Bury is coming to the Panthers. Wow. There's some things that stick in your mind. At that point, I realized that it's hopeless. Other than early bird dinners and hitting your neighbor, and why won't you speak English, that's basically what South Florida is all about, you know. That's it. WDQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Well, I work with this Republican guy as well. And it's not that gay people get the choose. God gives them free will that give them the right to choose. With that mind totally confusing as well. I don't get that. But then I don't forget God is omnipotent so therefore he and I'm mission. So he knows at a time what they're going to choose. Yeah, it's very weird that we're thinking of he gives free will. Then they get the choose and then they'll get to go to hell. It's, uh, I don't know. Well, otherwise it's going to get mighty lonely down here. Yeah, you also believe that animals have no soul in the here for own purposes and stuff. Yeah, they're here for us to a dittler around with. That's correct. Yeah. All right. You're like the appalli. I chewed his ass tomorrow's what I would do. Did this for the hell, they, yeah. 560, 50560. I mean, it's called so far. We had a couple of pretty interesting goals in Scott was fine. He was like, are we living in breathing personally like that? When you're dealing with stupid people, yeah, just like last week when we had some of those conversations and there would be people calling and say, well, why? Why don't these people do some research? Why don't they do some reading? They're not interested in doing research. Don't confuse them with the facts. Nobody who is that ignorant is never going to do any research. Nobody's going to read anything that might find the face of their big and narrow minded stupid attitude. If they are going to do any research to reinforce their hatred and big. That's right. We've seen the number-to-web site. That's right. And listen to all this swirl. Pick through the Bible and pick the passages that they like that they do. And then you'll get those a lot. I find that these people generally tend to pick the nose a lot. I pick my nose a lot, but generally in private. Oh, what does that mean? I don't know. Is there something wrong with picking you nose? Wait, wait, what's the do? Let all those grow in there like a forest or something? No, man. Pick it. Right. You can talk. You can talk. I think he's dead. No? I don't know. But you want to hear some Wilson pick it? Oh, you got some? You want Wilson pick it? No. Probably need to on a pole. We'll have 13 members and two shakes of a orange field. What about the wood row Wilson? I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. If you see that. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. Not a big Wilson picker. I've got to be growing on this kid. I'll have a taste of it. There's one here that you will recognize. That ain't it either. I'm sure it's nice. This is funky Broadway. I see. Here's the one that another one that you won't recognize real quick. How about in the midnight hour? That is a sense. We're going to know by Wilson pick it. That one isn't here. But remember when I talk about two dangerous people, there's kind of leaves and a few numbers. Oh my god. Just hit my wood up ass. Come on now. Name this tune. Everyone. Go to children in the name of the song. Don't even alone. Don't even alone. Don't even alone. Nice potatoes. I have no idea. What is this? Lay of the cows who dance is. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah, that's very precise. Very popular land of a thousand dances. In fact, Tony foods were on my way to sing. No, it's guaranteed to do this. You get this in. Don't stop. Go riding. He did it Hi Impressive Oh Oh I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I am not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a man, I'm not a woman, I'm not a man, all the mice is all the time, all the getch keys all the time, all the murder, all the intolerance, all the ignorance, all the stupidity that's the world in which we live. You want to see an example of it? Please. WDQAM, hello. Let's see there was right there. Wow. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, that was it. There was only one that was ringing at the moment. Because I know that the good cause of probably we'd know the one that two are. They want to be legendary like me. 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60, and they Verizon, singular while is lying. Presidents day, what are your thoughts about Benjamin Harrison? 297 votes, and what about Grover Cleveland? What about him? I don't know. What about Chester Allen Arthur? I think he, well, when I wish one was a drunk that was a grand. He was, he's as grand as a drunk. Of course, there was always Hebrew, hever. I mean, he's just not important things. They have nothing to do with our lives. He want them to seem. That's why the important stuff. That's right. But in our head, idle and British haircut. And as a dead, smelly, stinky body and Howard K Smith and Howard K. Asteran. WDQAM, hello. Yes. I'd like to be, is this the radio? Yes, sir. Yeah. I'd like to tell it, sir. Yes. I'd like to be on your own now. Okay. I'd like to discuss not you discussing the gay situation. The gay situation? Yes. And the host was saying that it doesn't matter. I'm only asking a question. Who do you think you're talking to? This is the host. This is me. Do you know my name? No, I don't know. Just start listening now. I said, sir. No, I don't know. Just start listening now. I see. Okay. Go ahead. You're on right now. Okay. Just like to respond like this. We believe, I believe, that God gives us certain tendencies to certain things. Just like we have tendencies to anger. We have tendencies to many things. But that doesn't mean necessarily that it's the right thing. Please, sir. Although, although homosexuals may have certain tendencies and we should not judge them. We shouldn't hate them. Yeah. The behavior is correct. So you have these tendencies. Well, let me ask you this. What does that mean correct? Well, in other words, you're defining what is correct. Who's the finalist or the rival sense that it is? Oh, the biverses. In other words, you are a Bible. Some person, you must be a crazy person. I believe the Bible. You sacrifice it. But let me ask you this. If you show them our disobedience, you stone them to them. No, that's not the Bible. That's exactly what the Bible says, sir. You wouldn't know the Bible is somebody stuck 14 of them up your ass right now. Okay, you moron. Let me talk to the host. I don't know who I was speaking to the host. I thought that's something he's supposed to put in your mouth and then church. The host. That's another word we were talking about. It's in that children's book. If you don't back away from the scrooge. You're going to get smoked. If you don't back away from the scrooge. I'm telling you that right now, you'll be smitten. You're going to hit me the throat just like I've hit in a microwave. That's a sausage. You're going to hit in the throat. And I'm feeling a little bit of the old boat. Actually, I might not recognize you guys. They'll see. Of all the old people. Why would you dignify such an idiotic moron? Why would you waste your time trying to explain something to an ignorant Ramistahovs? That's out by God. Did this and God? Because he was not the only person. All of you are correct. Not all your choices are correct. That's so ridiculous. This is the man who'll make the definitions because of Bible says, When somebody starts with me with a Bible crap, I mean, you know, I'm dealing with a crazy person. But you didn't even ask him about the animal sacrifices that he's not conducting. How do you know he's not? I guess he's got a dead chicken nail to the door right now. Probably kosher for a shit of yours. Probably getting right by the night. 1303, I just like Anna Nicole's body man. That chicken ate smell and too good. Good. Jolly Miss Molly. I just got through a scream at a young Karen out about ignorance and stupid people. And here comes this Bible-thubbing jackass who doesn't even know who Dally's talking to. Who definitely needs some telephone technique, a refresher course or something. And just an idiot. You're entitled to be dumb, sir. That's part of my life, okay? At least in America even though there aren't too many freedoms left. You still have the freedom to be and more on. And we invite every more on to come on and show and believe you me. They take advantage of it and express their stupidity. Just lay it right out there for the human race to sniff and examine and poke around a little bit. Mmm, delicious. Double Q.A.M. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes. This is Dale. Hi, Gail. You're long last season. Um, anyway, Uncle Neil, speaking of his, this is a filmman-reel bit where the woman calls and, and the, they ate her son. Well, remember that? Yeah. Yeah. Can you play that? No. Okay, sir. Bye. Bye. 560, 560, pon 560 on it. It's a, you know, we're in a middle of a conversation here. And she wants you all you can eat and you grow. And I was, you know, well, although it does have lots of to do with what we're talking about, but nevertheless, it would kill some good time to, but nevertheless, too long. Are you sure? Yep. WDQ.A.M. Hello. Yes. Yes. This is WQA.M, right? Let me, what did I just say when I answered the phone, I said, WQA.M. Hello. Why didn't hear that, sir? WQA.M. Hello. Okay. I'm, I'm calling because I'm listening to the show. I listened to, uh, a, a bit. Yeah. You're in this thing where people are calling in and talking about the gaze. And I don't know if they're saying what's right and what's wrong. I did hear that mention. And I don't think does anything about what's right and wrong. Um, and I heard you also say that when people talk about the Bible, that they, uh, they're crazy people. Yes. They do. They say that people have, you know, have to have some things to believe in and that best what they choose to believe in. Yeah. After a week, if they're, we can super-stitch us, and if they, you know, need a crotch-y-o. But why didn't they have to believe in something that they use as an instrument of hate and intolerance? Well, you know, I really don't perceive it as man. You know, because I do read the Bible. I read a lot of other things as well. And, and, and there's something that might teach hate, you know, but when I look at the Bible, I don't see hate coming in there. I think is the way some people interpret it. It's like, it's like, with, uh, and I don't want to deal with the homosexual thing for a second. And that regard only. Yes. It doesn't say anything about hate, but what the Bible teaches me when I read it. You put to death. No. What it says is this. It says, hey, it's a sin. Yeah. Love the sinner. Oh, yeah. You saw like, I need to bring it with you. But the voice now, yeah. We made this sin, but we love the sinner. It doesn't say that in the Bible. Yeah. Love the sinner. No, I don't just say that anywhere. Where does it say that in the Bible, sir, in Leviticus? Yes. Yes. And then in the morning. Excuse me, would the eye eye or sir? Sir, let me say this to you, okay. Those pages of the Bible believe you me. If you run out of toilet paper, they'll come in really handy, but they leave a nasty stain. Woo. That also looks good. Good stuff, baby. Good stuff. Huh? They smoke loaded. This is good. We're getting some really good Bible samples. They're my favorite, man. Favorite moron. It don't say this. They don't say that. And my favorite. And I says, isn't that in Leviticus? Yeah. Sir, you wouldn't know Leviticus from a mushy puppet, okay. From Abraham Solomon. From Yitzhach Schwartz. 13 away on the pool. Let's see, still 7.2% it is solid man. It is absolutely rock solid. 95, say, gay people choose that life. Just like Republicans choose that life too. The biggest name, so best talent to be this is wheel rotters. For Shredio 560. 1 to 2 hour. It's a phenomenon. Every good Christian knows it gay too. But it's not so very hard to do. Oh, right. A lot of the game is a Bible says. If you were perfect, you were way we do. Tell people you know the way. But you're invited to your house. And if there are conditions away. And then you burn it down. You can get somebody to believe in. But you write your Bible says, true. So that is what you do. You can be your free. So the horrible always for you. Think of the poison in the snake. Wave it all around. Find the portion clean. And you're the doctor down. And you're free to walk with me. Okay. Come on, you'll never come again. Beat the crap out of your kid. You're too right. And you're the God of the Bible. Go on and steal the name. If I move to sin and touch the greater ground. I don't think it's gay. You make a sacrifice. You're a special thing to animal sacrifice. But off of chicken's head. Then kneel down the door. Right next year, Muziza and right under the cross. The crucifix. The old man was on with Gregory Peck last night. For the eight million times. Yeah. I can never stop watching that. I just love that. And the little thing I've wondered is, you know, I can must have been a really deep sleeper. And I remember when he takes the Susan's and he's cut the kids here off. And he shines that light on there to see the back of his head is the six, six and everybody goes, Oh my God, it's the antichrist. Brother. And it's just, I just leaves me limp. You know, I think that's what I should do. These last 400 years I'm going to be on here. It's just doing anti-religion show. I've often thought of that. Yeah. We don't, not that we don't do play. Of course. It says it's bad thing. How about your partner? Well, I told you told me once. All I want to hear about this. You never told me this to me. Or who's giving me some tips. You never want to win it or not. You're giving you tips. I don't know. You should be talking about it on the one you're doing the show. Yes. And said what? That that religious thing is a big turn on to now. As opposed to talking about the panthers for example. Right. Or talks about good and. And. And. And he can be in Indiana and Danny and Jimmy. I'm going to support you. What he knows about broadcasting and about what constitutes a tune out. When he puts those segments on with the same with our winback and the same re-tread old sports hacks. Over and over. You know what's like it's like putting a noose around the neck of the people on the ear. No, no sports talk good. Like, man, what's the time I worth the W news WN WS and we should call W news this ought to be W news. We're clearance the sports nerds. But puts a noose around whoever the hell is on the ear. I'm telling you man, everyone of those segments is a tune out and it's. Let's go to Boston cream pie. Other than every one of those Boston cream pie. Like taking a crum out of the pie saying, OK, this is what we got left. But never mind me. What would I know about it? How would I know what I'm thinking about the ratings? I just know about radio about ratings. All the time. I'll take the word on. We talked about it. That's right. No, it's a hell of a lot more interesting. A lot more controversial. Oh, actually, I'm on my freeway involving civil vehicles. Where does this? In Miami, just west of northwest 57th Avenue. Boy, what a traffic nightmare. This is the worst. There are two Eastbound lanes at 836. Shut down. All Westbound. 9 people injured. We'll stay on top of this. If you thought there's any more problem. Always. I'm going to be in the 2 Eastbound lanes at 836. Right. Shut down. I had a nice break. Well, thank God for the QM news department. OK. I'm going to send information. It's a good thing. I spy that on the quarter mile. Now, let's see the war was going to be on my side of the side. I saw that. Wow. I hope over here that 836, man. Good luck to you. I'll leave it. Am I right? All the time. 1322. We could have made 14. The fact that we still might do it. Why is it so criss-cross? We do it. I don't know anything about food today. No food today. We had a how is this morning? Oh. Well, I mean, why do you say that? Like that's chop liver. It's not chop liver. I had my group of fingers. It was great. I'm a dick. You were the best group of fingers, man. Wonderful. Great. Group of fingers. Yeah. I don't know. A British soldiers postcard to his sweetheart as finally arrived 92 years after he sent it from the trenches of WWE 1. But it relates to never, right? That's weird. Well, that's not a year heard. I mean, this is in London. That's somebody's post office hard at work. Private Walter Butler wrote to Amy Hicks in 1915 telling her that he was alive and well. But the Army issued a postcard never made it to her home in Wilchurch 60 miles west of London. But they survived the war and a couple went on to get married. Well, thank God for that. The postcard turned up in a postal sorting office with Senator Long last week to the post office near Hicks Address, a local postman called a home of a couple's daughter Joyce Hullbert to announce the discovery. And she probably said, oh my God. Hullbert 86, a grandmother of three said her late parents rarely discussed the war and that the relic of the past had little meaning for her. Well, what a heartless bitch. She wondered what the fuss was all about. I think it's rather excessive, Hullbert told the associate of press. There's lots more interesting things going on in the postcard, arriving 92 years late. Well, what a sour nasty old bitch, when you say, I mean, granted it's a little bit late now. Oh, look at what nice, so what kind of, these are dogs in the snow. What's the snow? Anything that's got to do with dog idea is that somebody is up there in the snow and they need to go and find them. What a find me? Yeah. What's Rob. Yeah, look at that. Look at the dog is looking around Marcy and I wish I was that dog. Just kidding, Rob. Okay, look at that. There's Rob on his hands and he's crawling through the ice. Wow. Where's that other word that I hear? Oh, there he is. I know that's Rob Marcy. That's their new thing. It's the thing that's seen in the her, how looking young guy, whether people now, to attract the gay audience. So we got me hooked. So how do you like that? You said a postcard to her last 92 years late. I think somebody's probably do a refund. So you never understand collecting, huh? No, that required some money. Oh, not not a lot. Oh, I know. Seriously, that it was quite any. All the magazines that you'd buy, you'd buy all these, you'd buy all these, you'd buy all these, you'd buy all these, you'd buy magazines. And like 5,000 stands for a dollar 25,000. Yeah, they'd be you'd buy high-p, high-p, high-p magazines. What do you mean by that? Those cost money too. Oh, I see. Yeah, used to buy my magazines at Louis Sussman's new stand right across from a number, eight elementary school, Rochester, right, went to school, Louis Sussman, comic books baseball cards, those are the days, baby. Now the kids still go with a new stand like that and buy that crap or not. Yeah, well, there are more specific stores for what you're into. Yeah, but yeah. Like, I prefer free stuff like that, right? Exactly. Like if you're into comics, there's comic book stores, and if you're into porn, oh, there's porn, oh, stores, you know. Better not be. No, poor host stores because the Lord's going to get pretty pissed off about that, and he will smite those people, man. They will be smitten. So it is written. And I... Shmitten. 1325 votes, let's see. We need 77, most 77 in 52 minutes. I feel a little bit giddy today, I don't know. A little bit, good. Well, this will get you giddy here. And what's that? If I can get it to play? Okay. Not sure if I'm fanny. What moment please? On accorechids by Larry Williams? All our operators are doing it. Oh, cool. And if you play that, I'm not hearing it. I don't hear a damn close. Oh, you hear a Chris? Give me a second. Maybe my hearing is going bad. Maybe I'm just seen how it's going. Oh! I can't believe it. Oh, oh! I'm on a... Let's play the whole thing. Oh, right. Is that lower? So yeah, I know. I'm going to 48. 1.50. I'm sitting down a slide and will you won't fall down? Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh, oh! Oh! I'm on my way to the sea. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! All right. Hello! Hello! Hello! Hello! I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I'm not a guy, I Are you alright? I'm not the color of this is my soul over Soft and fan and we're all ever full I'll never let's suffer fan it go Aw man it was better than sex I'll tell you that right now I was sensational. Didn't you like there? I've always liked that stuff. Not only was it a novelty record but it also was an novelty record that had the names of all these other hits Tony fruity and Jim Dandy and all these from that era You know from the 50s You got a year on that like 58 I don't have a year on it. What a shame. I'll figure it up in my book I'm gonna send it to you so you can pot it up I beg you pardon. Put it in your pie. Oh, I see. Oh, pop it up. I thought you said pop it up. You're the one who's always potting it up. Yeah. 1335 on a poll by the way if there's any people out there that got a good supply. Your judge is interested 13 or five. He's taking five votes in 48 minutes. What? Or bad supply. I'm not even a week supply. Okay, or air supply. Don't be planning it. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, vielä, also, ugh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh! oh oh, oh oh, oh, whoa oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh. oh, oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh chocolate chocolate Replesting, vanilla chocolate chocolate chocolate and vanilla vanilla milk chocolate that. genius chocolate one god. cookie, coffee and vanilla honest chocolate'atáredam66 H show I have days. No, no, seriously, where the hell did you find one out into the ether and snorched it? Okay, what did I just say? I downloaded it with limelighter. Don't be saying such crap. 13. 146 folks on a poll. I couldn't hear less where you got it. I'm just tickled to that that you got it. 54 more votes that we got 1400, but that would be a real feather and Chris' old, uh, Danny Crocket cap and I CUNESkin cap. See, touchfully a dolphin's baseball hat. Is it what it is? Yeah. Oh boy, well, how come fat people always wear caps like that? I don't wear a cap. No. I don't think that's so much of fat thing as a losing your hair thing. Oh, don't tell me you're also losing your hair, your fat and your getting bald. Why can't I really take both of those? No, it's not getting bald. He just said, already is. Oh, geez. Well, you know, mid-Romney. There's that Mormon candidate. He's got two chances, not in much much less than none. I got his good at chance getting elected as he's got. Mid-Romney who's happy to support it on Onderson's launching his presidential campaign. Yesterday, he announced he didn't become a member of the NRA in the last August. Oh, no. A former advocate of gun control, Romney during his 1994 run for his U.S. Senate back measures. The gun rights groups opposed such as a five day waiting period on gun sales and a ban on certain assault weapons. The former Massachusetts governor has been criticized for changing his physicians to appeal to social conservatives, voting in Republican primaries. And initially broadcasted to be yesterday, he also had to explain this which way conservative stance on abortion and why he once voted for Democrats and messages as primaries. He's all over the place. spokesman Kevin Madden said, Romney did not join the NRA just to court gun owners. Right, who are considered a force in Republican primary politics. Not to support those gun owners. No, God forbid. Just as recently as August. He joined the NRA because like many of Americans, he supports the groups advocacy of the second amendment. And it's committed to education programs, voting to sale, a safe use of firearms by law-binding gun owners Madden said. Asked by Romney, joined only a few must be forwarded to clearing his candidacy. Madden said, I would argue not many Americans care when you joined, but why you joined and I think I made that clear. Right, but I'll be put a boot put about. There you go. Another political horde. Yeah, but he's a Mormon. He's a man of the club. He's a man of, yeah, I'll have a bad book off. Is that what it is, the magic file? How about the magic underwear? That's what I mean. Oh, the little crucifix on the locality. Careful, I sleep and I'd magic underwear. Sometimes that friction makes God do really strange things to use. Or you're supposed to resist that with that collar. That's correct. 1350 on the pulling the 50 votes in 30 minutes. If we can't do that, I'm hanging it up. Right here right now. When you agree? Oh yeah. And let's take a bunch of calls too. No, if you got it, we don't have any. No. Well, why would we get some Monday? It's president's day. We haven't even mentioned who do we leave out? I think we've mentioned all the presents in me. Harry Truman, did we mention him? Did we mention him? I've mentioned white ice in our house. We did not. We didn't mention Richard Nixon. We didn't mention John Kennedy. We didn't mention Gerald Ford. Oh my God. There's most of the law. Jimi Carter. Peter Mayn. Robert Reagan. Bush one. Bush two. Baba. Now we're complete. Now we mentioned the ball. So now after we've done that now, Chris is going to give you the entire list of all the presents starting with George Washington. Right through GW. Here we go. Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas. Okay. I want to say. Now, are you serious when you see we just joking around when you said a blank and after George Washington, I was saying, I don't know. You don't know. Sorry, I was just throwing up the ones that I knew all of my head. Well, who really cares? I mean, the fact that I memorized that in the school hundred years ago, what does that really prove? But I still can't kid the James Knox book. Although I finally did it, it got that down to a science. James Knox book was 11 right between John Tyler and Zachary Taylor. Okay. And Miller Philmore was 13. In fact, John Tyler, number 10, remember the campaign slogan for William Henry Harrison, typically, New and Tyler too. Now, whatever the hell that means. Well, I was William Henry Harrison was typically, he was a little tipsy too, but anybody else is up and off to make his inaugural speech in the pouring rain to get pneumonia in a few days, not too good. William Henry Harrison. Do you ever see pictures of him? I mean, like, drawings of him? No. I mean, I'm sure I have. Oh, he's a little giant. What kind of funny look? Yeah, and then. WDQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I don't. Okay. Cool. Okay, no juice. How big are you, pardon? Can you play a bit? Oh, Jane. No, no, this time requested. Maybe a holiday, but it's not to know. I'm going to know in the name of it, though. Now, that's very good. Maybe probably worse in the station, probably been stealing the bits. Just like somebody else did. Well, I've said it pretty slow on the phone here today, man. Frit dee for deslow. 1355. We need 45 votes in 36 minutes. We've got the 1400 left. Man, that's a big number on a holiday, 1400. I think I should be able to take the rest of the week off. Don't you? No. WDQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I don't know if you don't know. I'm a jerk for asking you one of those. What's your take questions? What's W? You're a good guy on the radio down here at 50 Savage. Savage, Mason. Not seen. No, I don't hear him. I don't listen to him. He's definitely right wing not to a boy. He's been pushed fast, but you know, pushed. Nation. Well, so what is that prove? Why would you listen to somebody on the radio? Who's a hateful right wing lunatic? Look, oh, there he goes. That was a good conversation. See, that's the capacity in most software ratings. I've never conversation. Nothing. We were disagreeing or anything, but this he's trying to give a little bit of point there on 850 Michael Savage. Nobody wants to hear that crap. That's probably his producer. Hey, let me tell you Steve Lappa, the number of people listening to your radio station in Dayton, Barry County should be a bit of a full booth and have room for Chris's ass left over. I do like that. That's really a lot of room left over. You're going to happen at booth Chris? Sure. Squeeze right on in there. Oh, but Bill will rally his on that station and what's his name? Who knows what they got on it? It's like the normal kid told me a long time ago. Steve Lappa, everything he touched his turns to crap. He's got the minus touch and reverse. WQAM, hello. Hi, I want to speak to Neil. Speaking. Did it start from Neil? Sounds like me, yes. I want to ask about your slam time to hold thing with Kim Hardaway because it's driving crazy, lifting it to the sports line. For everybody to send them him on what came out of his mouth. Yeah, I'm already expecting a bunch of morons who are sports nerds. Okay. Any Jack no matter what they say, even OJ, kill two people no matter what any Jack does, there's a defense for it. Don't you understand? Yeah, but it's amazing. It's the apologies of all he's a good spirit and he's a guy. And he had an opportunity to clean up what he had to say. And he went even beyond that. Yeah. That's a good comment. And now I hear he's taken his name off of the front of his business. Oh, oh, yeah. So people want to identify with him. What happens to somebody like this now? I mean, does he make a big deal? Let me ask you this question. Let me listen to me. What difference does it make? What happens to him? He's an idiot. He's a bigots. He came out and he expressed his bigotry. He's a moron. So what difference does it make? What happens to him individually? What it just seems that now what happens with the American S in way is that you screw up, you make some kind of unharmed sounds apology. And people seem we could give you a say, see he apologized. He's okay now. But how do you apologize? The people you're talking about, the sports nerds, if he would have kind of done a dump on their desk, they would have said, that was the best smell and dump I've ever smelted my mouth. Don't you understand? Consider the sorcerer and calm down. Have a great day. Wow. This is pretty exciting. Thanks to ever facts this and I asked this, to two main satellite radio providers, XM satellite radio holdings and serious, are expected we're not so long-awaited merger today, according to the New York Post. How do you like them apples, huh? How do you like them fried green tomatoes? The newspaper said that two companies were negotiating over the weekend, and merged the companies it is easy. It's expected to be structured as a merger of equals, representatives of companies can be immediately reach for talent. So XM and serious are going to get serious. And why does anybody care about what happens to Tim Hardaway? If he makes $50 million, if he makes $50, I really don't care the crap. And the people who are offended by what he said, they're already doing what they should be doing. That is their boycott is business, they're demonstrating, they're protesting, and they're pissed off, and they can do whatever they want to do. He had a right to open up a stupid mouth, and they'd got a right to be pissed off about it, and that's the way it goes. But the people on the year that this guy's talking about, you know, and it's not surprised, we know where they're coming from. Or he was a basketball player, he was a star, and he, like, yelledy was saying this morning, oh, well, he hates a lot of things, so when he says he hates gay people, it's not a big deal, because he hates everybody. That's one thing that he's telling you, to be a real robberist. Who's going to be a gay man? I think it's through a bad dream, we know. And that they ever took their mind weak. Oh my God. But I did not know who was criminal, but that ain't no the new, if you play full of fish. That's the new. I've been a smugger off and forgot the penalty. And another bitch was someone else's wife, her name, but someone else's been with me, and he else's name. And I found out, where he chased me with the knife, why didn't that bitch pay me? And we still don't see him. She'd be the bad person of all this. And that's the hell of a bloody bitch. Of course Cecil Collins, back when that was going on. Airways single one of these young episodes. People on the air, including on this station. Oh, he was just trying to get a look. He was just in there trying to get a look. That's right. So in other words, all you people out there, if somebody breaks in your bedroom window at night, don't get all panicky, no call the police, no get out that pan. Just looking around. It's like when you go in the story, you know, come up to you and say, can I help you find something? Oh, just looking. Maybe they just wanted to bring you a goose. Yeah, a Christmas goose or whatever it had to help. I might have been. Whatever holiday. This is the job fraternity, baby. Don't you understand, and you're never ever going to break through. It's never going to change. Actor Ray Leota was arrested on suspicious of the Y. Walk saw in home. After crashing his car to two-part vehicles in Pacific Palacades of the 30 set. It's got a picture of me here. It looks like he got his sits all straight now. Leo to 52 is taking the custody just before 830 pm Saturday and booked on a Mr. Meander DUI charge. LA police folksman Mike Lopez said, I wonder if he's going to have your Lopez used to play for the Yankees. Or a trinny Lopez who sang, if I had a hammer, remember that? Oh, yes. I preferred Peter Paul and Mary myself. He was released after posting 15 grand bail ordered to appear in court next month. And he was a local Lopez said, no one was injured in the collision. The order was alone in this car. There we go. Pretty low pads. I can tell by that funky guitar. Sorry. Peter Paul and Mary left. There he goes. There he goes. I've been left out though. Oh no. Oh my god. Too much noise down. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Whatever. They did it first. You know. They did it. What do you mean they did it? Peter Paul and Mary? Yes. Well of course they did. A message looked at the office of the artist's publicist Matt Laball was not immediately returned. The artist stars with Tim Allen and John Revolta in the buddy comedy Wild Hog sent for release bar second Wild Hogs. Great. There you go. Well, I could happen to the best of us. You know little D1 action there for a really early. It's probably the curse of those bits coming back to Haunted. 13 average 73 votes on a pool of gay people are born that way. 654 are fine with me through 139. Choose that life. 97. Oh, we got it down to 7%. Aren't you proud of me? We got it down to an even 70%. Gay people looked him hardaway 80. In fact, they probably had his car wash right now. They're probably washing it off. I hate this pool. 46.3%. Gay people want me. 46. They're chasing me all over the place. Right. Gay people are off. Flamers 42. Wish they were straight 26. Are easy to spot 24 and scare me man. They are scary. That was scary as he saw columns but almost 19. The biggest thing. So best talent. This is real Rogers. Force radio 560. You're a real Rogers. You're a real Rogers. You're a Rogers. You're a Rogers. We sing with you out because you look like a free. We've got the thought out and it knows like a free. Don't want any you or stick up. Would you want it be in the show? Does your dog eat in your fat? You want only this is your big chance. But everyone laughs if you check it today. Say your voice is a tool to train. And we make fun of you. We're treating things. Nothing can be used. Got to say. Because you have a bad face. You're a little bit slow. We're a like you make this no for one show. Brandy has a nice hair. So I'm a test real face. You're for a fine future. Try calling a drink. You have a bad face. But can't we don't like your unfeatured call the fair again. I don't get half of that face. You have a bad face. Maybe that's what happened with Ray Leode. He looked in the mirror. So I had on one of his. He has a bad face. He started like a little bit. Hey, it was his choice. What have a bad face to drink? Have all of them. He's his own head man. I know 1382 on the pool where like on a burger 14 hundred. We got 17 minutes for 18 votes should be able to do it. Come on. You folks better lean on it. Now if we fall a little bit short, that's going to be real. Poked our eyes. And they're going to be. I'm leaning 1384. I'm president's day man. That's short fact. Fanny by Larry Williams. That just that just set me free. You know what? Well good. I got a whole new altitude about life right now. Not, you know. Even more than if I had a hammer. I mean, it's a good song, but I can take it. I believe it. You're putting that in the same category. It's a lowly wreck to folks on. Right. It's a novelty record. The short fact. Fanny. How do you put a novelty record in your. You know. You came up under hammer. Yeah, there you go. U.S. officials tell the New York Times that mounting evidence indicates that some of it London is all kind of that beat our building operations hub in Pakistan. Senior leaders of Al-Qaeda operating from Pakistan have reestablished significant control over their once-bettered worldwide terror network. And over the past year set up a band of training camps in the travel regions near the F. Can border, according to us intelligence and counterterrorism officials. The paper reports that U.S. officials said there was mounting evidence. Mounting evidence. I guess that's what I'll let the Tom Brady's ex-roferences. Pardon, I guess that would also be mounting evidence. There was mounting evidence. That was some of it. I'm in the time in Al-Zawahari have been steadily building an operations hub in the mountainous Pakistan travel area of North Waziristan. The U.S. has identified several new kind of compounds in North Waziristan. Officials said that both U.S. and foreign intelligence services have collected evidence. Lead in them to conclude that at least one of the camps in Pakistan might be training operatives capable of striking Western target. Oh, my God. I don't think about W. Manis and I held a job. We're getting I'm in the Prime Minion or some of your mom and all of these guys. All of this. All of the air. Second of the job. And of course don't forget, Mula Bola Omar. And the public is like, What's that guy to do with British haircut? He doesn't look so good no more. And she ain't looking for a long time. Take good. Mm-hmm. Take good. Yeah. Take good love. WQAM hello. Not there. But that was going to be one of our really great calls to our good smell. 1386. I bet if I were first year we got 13. Oh, I don't know. 87. 1380 like I said 1386. 14 votes in 15 minutes could be a real nail by today on a holiday. And then you got that mess out there on the A36. Did you see that? Were you watching CNN? No. Now, well, what's the latest from the QM newsroom? Ha ha ha. The latest about what? You know, when you told me that business about clearance, how long ago did that happen? Remember when I went in there and had my screening tirade about things. Well, I had that long ago. No, this was the the month ago. Yeah. And his comeback was was that. If I can give you some programming tips. And you didn't kick him in the face. If he can give you some programming tips, no. And this show is all funny. What do you mean by that? I got it. I got it. I didn't kick him in the face because I got a kick out of it. You should have kicked his ass. Back home. I mean, this is a simple demand. This is an idiot. He would know. He what he knows about talk radio. You could put in a thimble and have room for his brain left over. We're saying I'm going to take up a lot of room. That is remarkable. I thought maybe this was like years ago. No, no. He would have just got to tell you this last month. Then you should have talked about what the button didn't go. Yeah. And why what did you say to him? What was your rejoinder? What was your response that I wanted to say? You're fair. Yeah. I've heard that before, but I also get many more people saying, you know, emails, Packs isn't calling or saying that it's great. Keep on going. Nobody else is saying this and somebody needs to. Since when is the program director on this radio station? Tell anybody who's doing this show. Well, we're going to talk about it. He didn't say that way. It was just a, you know. It was just a lot. Let's go. Let's go. I'm going to go and direct your feedback. If you will. I don't know exactly how he put it. But, you know, constructive criticism, I think, is the word he used. Hey, Clara, so I got some constructive criticism for you. Okay. And all your, all your nerdy sports guest with the same repetitive crap that you keep posting upon the people on this station over and over and over and over again. That's my feedback. It actually disappointed that he didn't have more problems with the show that I do. Considering what he mean by that. Well, because everything that he likes really sucks in the ratings. So I was hoping that if he dislikes everything that I do then I must have a really great show going. You know, something, I'm very seldom in my life. Have I been speechless? This leaves me just limp. I'm serious. I just can't believe it. And I also can't believe that you that much of a Worcester used to do. And there was something like a change anything. Yeah, I was in the room. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's simply idiot this simple then. I mean, got so I had this problem. It's like when I came back from vacation whenever it was last Monday. Yeah. And it was a Chris was a U.E. asked if I had a good time in Berlin or whatever. I had a good time in Berlin or whatever. Yeah, that was a good thing. And he said, no, he did not really. And he said, then he blame us for that too. That would be correct. See, this goes back to what I've been talking about for a long time. And that is this adversarial relationship that we have with this radio station. You know, they love they like having those big numbers there in the middle of the day to pull up everybody by the bootstrap. They like all the billing that those numbers attract. But they don't like the fact that we're not going to continue doing the same garbage if they want to do all day. Right. No long time ago, he did ask me if I, if I, if I was fortunate. I wanted if I had the ability. And I said, neither the ability nor the design. If you had the ability to do what? Talk sports. I'm this show. Well, obviously. Yeah. And I said, I don't have the ability or the design. I like ratings. My bonus is based on ratings. Maybe he wanted George to fill in on the weekend. Yeah, that would. If I had the ability to do, I'd take you out here right now. I'm kicking teeth in. How's that what's been doing by the way? He's still on the serious. I guess. So serious and next thing we're going to merge. I think that's a big news. Then they got that big record there on the 36 and Brittany had her haircut. And people are dying and bagged that. 1392, I think we'll make our 1,400 day. I think it's safe to assume. 1394. We need only 6 and 10 minutes. Should be able to handle that. Gay people are born that way. 663 almost half the audience has first vacations enough to know that. 47.5%. Our fine with me. 3.46. Well, thank you so very much. 25%. Choose that life. 7% 98. We got it down from 7.2 with 7.2 all day long. Now it's down to 7%. Republicans, right wing, bigots, Bible thumbbers. Well, the Bible says, let me say it again. Take your Bible and wipe with it. Very carefully because that print always comes off bad. Like weapon with the Harold. Gay people looked him hard away 82. I hate this 447, 3.3%. Gay people want me. They're chasing me up and down the streets up and down all through the mall through the food court. Everywhere I go in the tea room. Gay people want me 46 and like you said, swishful thinking guaranteed. Gay people were all flavors 42. Worst they were straight 26. Are easy to spot 25 and scare the living of Jesus out of me 19. See what we got. 1397. We need only 3 more votes. We could do that. WQAM hello. Hey, I'm yeser. Go on. How you doing? Hey, every station you're on, you have a problem. You need to kill out. Yeah. How long have I been on this station? 2 on. Yeah, okay. Bye. What is it about that? Yeah. WQAM hello. 2AM. Guys, this is Rogers. You just start with that forget it. Hey. Oh. Oh. You see how you are. All right. We got a really good ending to this. That's what happens when you work on prison. See, not a good day to be doing much work. You know. Well, if you're going to start with that crap. Now, the was I got to tell him who I am, but the who the was he. Well, here I start with that crap. Scroo. Like that. See, the on president's day, they're surely in some sort of and they may not be good. They may not be friendly. They may not be whatever loving and kind and decent. But they sure are consistent. I don't think I'm ever going to get over that thing. You told me about clearance. That just it just shocks me to the foundation. I have to go to the conversation. Oh, yeah. I got to go ahead. Yes. Remember a while back when there was an episode between Joe Castello and and Bog Griffin. Yeah. And I took a Brian to a couple of bits and I told the whole story on the air and everything. Yeah. Well, I got to talk into about that. Really. And my defense was we on the Neil Rogers show whether or not Neil is here. Make a point to give the audience what they want. Right. I took him to the club this kind of stuff. Inter dirty laundry, especially when when it's basically harmless when it has something to do with Joe Castello spitting a chunk of all of into a Bog Griffin's cleavage. I mean, what's funny or than that? It was hysterical. And yeah, and Ken Maldon had to intercede before she throttled Joe Castello. Not was all very funny. And I was getting a talking to. So I was my defense was we give the audience what they want. You know, I was saying next time, very easy solution. Okay. Next time we start this with you. And then as soon as I said, so I'm going to be a team. So I'm going to be a team. I love to be a team. And I've heard him on. He's got a more tricky thing in 60. You may. I'm. I'm going to be like you better than Joe. I'm going to be like you better than yours. I believe you're what you require. You avoid a length of fire. I'm going to be like you better than Joe. That is you elders. My religion better than yours. My religion better than yours. While my religion has the base, Be a free and racial, My religion better than yours. I'm a religion standard at the art of the history. I'm a religion standard at the art of the history. But I've liked about it best. I find we're going to wear red dress. My religion is better than yours. Why you believe she did not have a good word? Why we used just one of her little girls? I should have got this. We had no respect for women. Drive a cab to make a living mind. The magic better than yours. And I really can't have an intro to the reading journey. I really can spend a better than yours. I can have an end. To Bahamura School, we both to be slander, cake and dogs and ghosts. My religion's better, Desial George. I'm the witch and stay in a gangro. I'm the witch and stay in a gangro. I'm the witch and stay in a gangro. We will be the jumping challenge with a ever-paying jailed private witch and stay in a gangro. Please. My religion's better than yours. We live in a binary witch and stay in a gangro. We're not on door to father. You like Holy Rush, the UI is the primary witch and stay in a gangro. I think you're always fun. You're a religious better than yours. My religion's better than yours. We were tied and ride our bikes and get you married. Lots of wives. My religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. We live in a gang, My religion's better than yours. We don't want to lose our brain for mindless living of the race. I really can better than yours Bye bye