Man Yeah Yeah Yeah Yes you can Yes That's a good day Yeah, I'm going to do whatever What the hell this poop part of it is said it was a park Ain't nobody ever hired a Jackie Robinson? Yeah Sure There was a park throw around the bus My Jackie Robinson was an intelligent man And played with balls in a major league of a children's game I mean like I mean come on who's the more put up like community Rosa Parks or Jackie Robinson Jackie Robinson was my hero Why I can remember when I was a much younger man And Jackie and he was working at the shop full of nuts I walked up to him He's handed it and send it You are my hero Now get the acropicorthy and make it black You think Rosa made both eat at heavily More on your division what are you doing Yes, I think what you're doing Hey, I'm going to wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait Oh, you a black man Yes, you can't tell a little about it Who did more for the black community? Rosa Parks or Jackie Robinson No, it's two separate things What you're doing is blurring the lives between social activism and not that on presumed He must have been not disconnected through no fault of my own Well, may I be dying to have your minute of high tones More on it Can you tell me, Jackie Robinson did more for the black No, no, no, that's not what I said Not don't ever be wrong here with tana man so OK. I don't see young la dipl one way to talk about a turnover rivers and outy good little business gadgets problem doer especially in the cells department also in the eye air oh don't don't don't don't don't don't oh I mean as well they come and they go and then out the door no more mo 747 most in the poll today so far not them getting into these poll yeah but I just mentioned that in passing 747 I was getting excited when I see that number on there 747 because I think you're getting on a big group you know Kevin Koo take your seats and fly off to somewhere like you know good couple of the access here this morning first one it says please no Marlon's base color rather I'd rather hear all types of me or I'm doing you and baseball well I would agree with that ah the marlon's oh boy but we love the marlon's as a matter of fact tomorrow all right tomorrow I'm 1250 they're a marlon's and the red socks from Jupiter and now I think on Thursday they're playing in Uranus around Uranus but they write so that's something nice of easy day first tomorrow 1250 today's not a really easy day for me because if late this afternoon I got another dentist appointment you know I don't know what's going on when I was having my teeth cleaned last Wednesday so she has the dentist come in at the end of the at the ass and when she's all done yeah and he you know sticks to mirror in your mouth and then he not this particular then she gives you a hand held mirror so you can look at whatever he's looking at and he shows that they're like two cracked feelings no cavities because how about that I have cavities on my teeth I feel anyway but he shows me these two cracked feelings that he had a drawlar to take two visits you know and I get just longer if they're drawing up more business that's possible but then you probably have those fillings when you were a yoster no I've had him a long time because I'm ancient you know being old right so it stands to reason that they would be a little war it is good work I'll tell you that is great work but it's only money and then of course the big thing I'll let's see first we had the crazy astronaut then we had an anacose myth and a body and uh... really come about composition and a smell real bad and the kid and where does she go and where do we bury the bitch and now we got an encoder in faggot yeah all right sounds right up my alley so to speak but she knows a lot of them please go on yeah when she looks in the mirror we did before she shaves her and her boyfriend her full boyfriend you mean this this five yeah let me see yeah he's the only guy that she's ever been seen in the company of really yeah wow what does that say let's back at our faggot answer dike so here's a thing that says from uh... somebody to get whoever that is what do you and code of the same thing that eight Gilbert great or something in her crotch oh well uh... sorry sorry if you're still in the theater visual or play a lot of sorry and jw says me and another radio nerd here listening to drugs tonight meaning last night i guess and we bought lost it when that judge played the quote from man code using the word faggot the next thing he said it eleven o eight p.m. i mean i listen to this guy down in my mean your rages and every other word out of his mouth is faggot then after talking about man c for about two minutes again he read the point mentioning new rages again saying faggot that's all he says hey man you're a faggot while another class at list of comes out of says although i knew he listened to hello of course he's listening right now well everybody the world knows your class of queen along with your good friend name code all and for her talking about the john had which being a faggot john had which is so boring anyway well with anybody waste their time with him but it's just typical of her she's a crazy person and it's like the park on the pedal pink you know right she's a paid character assassin there you go anyway here's the pull result from uh... friday but we got a lot of sex on the pull lately all right have you ever paid directly for sex that was the question we asked on friday and over the weekend we got nineteen and nineteen uh... votes tally's whatever you want to call have you ever paid in the result pretty didn't change very much and i thought it was going to be a lot more than that boring MSNBC poll the MSNBC poll 15% admitted yesterday had 85% of all no not me all no we don't have all those good issues we got a bunch of pervert which is what we like have you ever paid directly for sex note a thousand twenty two that's fifty three point two percent yes seven hundred fifty eight three nine and a half percent often eighty five and raise my both of my hands often eighty five four and a half percent so that comes out to forty almost forty four percent have paid for sex directly as opposed to indirectly and i hate this poll only fifty four two point eight percent so how do you like that uh... got to show you a lot of these polls i mean in the end of course that's uh... for public consumption when you see most normal people don't pay for sex real people yeah right all those half of this pervert audience at least one thing i'll say about this audience you know with little anonymity going at least it tend to be somewhat honest occasionally all but little bit not a whole lot seven hundred seventy four whole time today's poll we're going to make a thousand crisp okay well that's a real excited about it is you know usually like all whipped up like an a frenzy that's my stuff the weekend out okay sorry how many sexual partners have you had sex within your lifetime now again all these polls are uh... uh... you know facts in who's this one this from some a different all right well the and Charlie be whatever's name is but he he's just i've got a pile of polls here last for twenty years how many sex partners have you had sex within your lifetime this is this will try to follow the bouncing balls okay six to ten hundred thirty eight eleven to twenty hundred thirty five two to five hundred twenty five twenty one to thirty seventy seven if all these numbers no one thirty one to fifty sixty four fifty one to one hundred fifty two over a hundred and i'm a stud forty seven that's certainly was my vote two meant to make the count over hundred and i'm a stud forty seven one thirty eight or isn't that sweet that's pretty depressing what it is yeah it's what whatever you want it to be what to know who are we did judge okay if it's one and a way maybe it's the greatest person in the world we can only hope yeah we we pretty sick over hundred and i'm a slot thirty three none nineteen now there's the one that's really uh... on the other bunch of young punks or maybe they're just real test you know that's so no real slots those girls that voted for this love feel free to call it leave your number no can't pictures none nineteen i'm a priest godwinn over sixteen i'm a priest i'm a you know is what is sex that's the beginning of this guy to make the pool of the divine pool of the body put that on an sixteen people wrote it for that what is sex and i hate this pool only fourteen one twenty percent they like it how do you like that that is a shocker that they like it here's the uh... line up for today is monday is march five what i said this year is marching on it's just flying by zooming on by can't do by fast enough to me to get to that summer schedule and then with so two-themed through the album here and then monday one's the infreity maybe we'll have tape i mean we have George by which i mentioned jolly jolly is filming at the mall thinking about that you know as much as you hate to like poison over the reason do you think he must be probably on his hands and he's right now puking at the bullies prologue that's okay i've already the fifth of the marks will see April made june three months and about ten days nothing i'm counting and we get a great summer schedule all i sounds like a real we need to be okay two o'clock today we got the mad dog four to five looks like a real fristine schedule a two-bed is no marbling in the weather is one but we're not carrying it then power hour thank you to mad dog four to five hey our home for solo hanko birthday five to seven then the he must be played in the night right Chris uh... thanks a but we got opening tip with bimbo calls and i'm not i beg your pardon then they're playing yeah that's right if we got opening tip that means they look after the big tip hurricane hotline seven three to nine thirty all of a well that's good programming any k nine thirty midnight and then that's that's it then of course it's like everybody goes away goes by seven eighty six on the pool of a week eight hundred very soon what more to have to do all we're gonna take a million phone calls today all we may not get any it's right got a really good poll i got about four hundred your alcohol 2 Warrior 1 to 2 2 2 Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, it's beautiful. It's not with all my headhead, yet will show you. Oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, prze Land of Underred Glances, I'm Wright O dueon my rewrite I think he had five sixty w qm and so let's start with a four hundred and man-coder stories. I don't know even my wish my time and his bit your case he just a really sick twisted self-hating piece of crap but then again what I know right when you're same difference. Correct. I like. Aren't they all? In recent years she suggested that built gluten Hillary Clinton and Al Gore have or may have homosexual tendencies. See that sounds very familiar like one of our soft-loaded Oshan provocateurs always putting the finger everybody else is a faggot but at a time looking around closet men as scholars are rattling so a lot of sounds like the world's coming to win. Now columnist slash author man-coder was targeted former senator and current presidential candidate John Edwards. Now the Edwards campaigns responded by trying to fundraise some quarter cash. Speaking Friday at the annual Conservative for the National Conference C-Pack and Washington DC, quarter-closer remarks with I was going to have a few comments on the other Democratic presidential candidate John Edwards but it turns out you have to go into rehab if you use the word Faggot so I so kind of an impasse can't really talk about Edwards. Audience members of parents startled them in any class and she opened the Florida questions the event was carried on cease-span many newspapers covered the event. But failed to mention the quarter slur. Faggot. But David Bonnie were the former congressman in the Howard campaign manager responded to the email to supporters this is just a taste of the filth that the right wing machine is gearing up to throw it at us and now that it's begun we have a choice do we sit back to be fight back. I say we fight he said help us raise a hundred thousand dollars in quarter cash this week to show every would be Republican mouthpiece that their bigoted tanks will not intimidate this campaign. I just 200 bucks he says will you join me no I will not. By the way, Barack Obama made a speech in some Alabama this weekend that I saw on TV live that was so sensational he is one of the great orators in a long long time he's sensational great love him love you a Barack. Colors attack was no action and happened on national TV of one of the years biggest conservative conferences if we can raise a hundred thousand dollars in corporate cash this week bond you're saying we can show that bigotry will only backfire those will be using it. Democratic party chief Howard Dean waiting later there's no place in political discourse for this kind of hateful and bigoted comments while Democrats and Republicans made this agree on the issues we should all be able to agree that this this kind of a biored word because out of bounds. By the way, I don't know. The American people want a serious stop for the beta issues Republicans including Republican presidential candidates who share the putting with man quoted today should announce her hateful remarks. Bage. On Saturday Kevin Madden spokesman for Romney said it was an offensive remark Governor Romney believes all people should be treated with dignity and respect even fact it's or he didn't say that. The comments were wildly inappropriate said Brian Jones spokesman for McCain the remarks also do this approval from some popular conservative commentators and more especially on his captain's courtes blog wrote yeah that's just what CPAC needs an association with homophobia nice work man. And Michelle Malcolm expressed his approval and add her hot air side regular contributor Brian wrote I'm no fan of gender words but that's just a stupid joke it's over the line the laughter generated across there was more than little annoying last year was raghead this year is calling john it words of fact it two years in a row called is finished up and otherwise sharp CPAC routine with an obnoxious slur that liberals will think of conservatives for years to come thanks and vice president chandia bristie rupon Thursday Rudy Giuliani and the notice of a fake it dog yes. Rudy Giuliani and it ran me appear before her on Friday and john McCain skipped the event. The New York Times Adam Nagrony failed to mention the crack about it which an observing Saturday in the paper the conference through thousands of attendees many whom we didn't long line out the door for late afternoon the Prince by man code the conservative author and commentator later Saturday he posted a blog at him at New York Times.com that did discuss the code or crack. The Washington Post covered the conference but didn't mention code or all as soon as report needed to be associated press with also attended UP I did mention the Faggot quote in a report. The L.A. Times Saturday quoted code or even put the controversy in a headline it closely article a Giuliani spokeswoman said she had not heard the speech and around these spokesman didn't return calls late Friday. The post day and milk bank in a column for the Saturday paper observed and code to use an anti gay slur to describe dinner words of the line to applause and asked in Al Gore actually swallow Michael Moore when a question right. What has it? A little bit yeah. When a question asked quote or why she praises mirage but broke off so many engagements he was spotted by calling the question they're ugly engagements. I don't think she's probably ever even seen one of those things. I mean certainly not up close and personal. Not only for my close enough for the SNF that's not to that. Do you want to hear what this bridge said about you last night? Sure I'd love to hear. I mean I listened to a guy down in Miami but Neil Rogers just been on the air for 30 years. Every other word coming out of this guy's house a mouth is Faggot. You realize Miami radio is filled with that word and I don't see you know great protest and all of this way because it was done at the political convention I understand all that. Right. It's always people out there they're high horses. Yeah that's it. I was at it that's all she's got to say Mr. Well you all like dark folks are using the inward all the time and they can do it. They do it regular with each other and with everybody else in all the music and no problem right according to them for better or way. You know that they're not a bigot when they use it because right they are because that's what they are and the same with me I'm a faggot and I have no problem with that if anybody calls me you all faggot but why can't it bother me. So that's a difference Miss Faggot but it sounds to me like your protesting way way too much. He's got a cover for his beard you know. Yeah he's got a cover for Miss Miss is fine. Right. Mr. Miss is fine. I wonder what Fudge Brown where she is in this picture. Oh my god. Oh no. Oh he's certain that crap. Lord. 824 votes on the full how many sex partners have you had sex within your lifetime kind of interesting pool. Too many sex pulls away to though man. It's not to get you all like whipped up not. I'm thinking about that then is kind of like puts me into a kind of a semi-coma because like you were saying last week. Now the teeth clean went very easily. Very painless not a minimum of bleeding and puking and whatever. And we just just find but then of course he finds a two cracked buildings and you know how to late this afternoon it's going to be you know a lot of drilling and oh drilling and filling it. No drilling and the putting more that the crap in there. Oh well whatever. I can survive. No matter if you just let that nurse there give you the gas. No because I've never had that pleasure. He might have a little gas. He's a larshan. Oh but anyway how many sex partners are you yet sex within your lifetime? 824 tallies on there. And again this is difficult to be the results of this because it's still a lot of numbers you know. And evidently these people have done a lot of numbers. What's wrong with that? Not really good numbers. 11 to 20 48. That seems to be the well it's pretty close 6 to 10 143 and 2 to 5 130 so those three are like with an shooting distance so to speak. 21 to 30 85 21 to 30 man. 31 to 50 68 51 to 100 partners 56. Of course we don't know how old these people are. If you're like an old far like me and you've had a zid you know when there's one thing but if you're like 20 and you've had 51 to 100 you're busy it's all I can tell you. You're busy and probably pretty happy. 56 over 100 namaste out 49 yes. 1 41 which can need to be a wonderful thing a wonderful lifelong committed relationship with two people where and maybe other desperate you know I mean one was an accident or was like a rape or whatever. Over 100 namaste out 37. None 21. That's not to be there still going across the street you know if the so-called ticket that's our audience man. None 21 or they could do like none 79. On you know it's how March first went and came I think the Josh Cortices rumor about them shot and done I think it was a little premature evaluation. None 21. I'm a priest God only knows. Only know 17. What is 16? The silly thing that this guy put on the poll when he said it and then we put it on her 16 people say what that? What that? And of course with our crowd it's pretty believable actually and I hate this poll only 15 1.8% out of a 27. So 11 to 20 partners and like I said it doesn't it doesn't really mean an awful unless you know the ages of the people are casting the vote am I right about that or am I wrong right yeah but then again it's just it's just for our kicks anyway just for fun just a little little something. And cold. And but on the TV and the radio. She writes really I'm not right. She writes really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really I just wish somebody would shut her up well if and like she's so I tough but well why don't we find out but but but better room but those are her own tunnel and she was one kind of you have her own school but those are her own school but those were me but it's make and snack a little longer but given her an upper cut to the jaw and upper cut to the Adam sample of the entire whole way yeah whoo heavy duty I challenged Miss Dredge to come out of the closet on here on Sunday night I mean uh her in all 50 states the Miss Dredge or Miss Dredge come out wherever you are Miss Dredge come on sweet you're weird you're weird wow anyway here's my three hovered rights little Miss Id in this working chin like I said I've only got like 600 runners other stuff in my pile here plus it doesn't look like there are going to be any calls today I can't even imagine one you know nothing going on except man colder anything else going on the world oh I did people in Iraq but you know who's counting the stop counting at this point and um now last night oh I know what I want to do before I do this article here from the last big spike TV light all day yesterday was like godfather intensive the men's of promise to risotto for the speed territories in the Bronx after he died due to go over he didn't give it I love you were yeah come on you promise double got must come come on you promise nothing he made it to the side that this is more than I thank you if you do my if you say hi up but it's here amongst and you break your man what you take it judge men how they happen I like you. The loyal to my father for years. Shwaza love brothers to take the last to just strike. They spread right in my face. All because that's that fight I drew with my hands. I know. That's a whole thing. Shwaza is a little dog and I'm telling them, everybody loves my or my landscape. I don't say that's your acumation thing again. Boy, that's one of my very favorite small things. On the streets of heavily Jewish Miami Beach, landscape became an elder statesman, a living legend. The most prized Jews in the world, the Miami Beach, where the holiest people to guard is everything. Even God wasn't close to my or less. Sors they saw my or less, if we get about this was God. Oh, it meant suspicious package in Miami, they felt shortly on CNN. Oh, suspicious package. Yeah, looks like an older transistor radius. The wakes you from the fennelies looked at it. He worked on this feat. He would talk about how slow he worked. He said, that he has a dog, a cow, a horse, that he said, don't get up. But I once I'm wearing this little belly down in Miami Beach. And these two young boys came up with y'all. Because I'm never kind of looking at my grandfather. I was kind of standing in the background. And they came up with some Mr. Wansky. We'd like to get your autograph. And he kind of looked at it seriously. No, my grandfather. Because what did I do when I cat him your award? And so what we figured to be worth some money. Something Mr. Wansky, he said, no son. I don't sign on a grass, but here's something for him. Got a thing. So anyway, are you watching this thing on CNN? Nope. It's like, I don't know where the hell this is. But it's like out in the middle of a yard somewhere. And there's like a briefcase. And they got a guy like in a space suit. You know, he had a bomb squad guy. Yeah, the bomb squad is there when a bomb agrande. And they did. And they did. Yeah. Oh, look at them. With the system starting with the hospital. And they're in the show on the Swiss Reenes. Other crap on here. So we can't get any audio on this. But then got a little for him. I didn't hook over there in the other screen. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to with the iPad. Well, it anyway. Now, as you hovered right, I'm just working to book it online. That's suspicious package in Miami. Because it looks like somebody left their briefcase on the ground. And Colter said, Faggot, stop the presses right, Matthew. As a matter of public record, Ms. Colter has called for the assassinations about the city president and Supreme Court justice. She wished in print that Timothy McVeak could have blown up the New York Times and still being robbered in Oklahoma City. But now, a colleague, Joe, could have been unable to talk about John Edwards without using the word Faggot. And the public and presidential candidates are feeding the meat to distance themselves from her. What's the matter, are they Faggot? Seriously, why is it taken until now to have any person who has the consequence on the right wing denounced this woman? The right often be able to do anything that's smell so political correctness or cold phrase for them about being polite about people they not so secretly detest. Anyone who isn't politically correct is just telling it like it is their audience likes it up. The little guy, the mob who's been told that Rush or Bill O. or Sean speaks for them, fear is saying the words themselves a lot of the hear them spoken. And so they have Anne Colter, little Ms. Id. She certainly isn't a voice in the wilderness on the right. The first thing of Faggot conservative commentators of Worcester political opponents did are abused drug-attroit terms for people or people's they don't respect. Michael Savage lost a TV gig for telling him, caller to get AIDS and die. Rush Limbaul lost a completely underserved TV spot on the ESPN for saying he goes, quote about Oct. with Nam was overweight and given a free patiling car to get AIDS and die. Rush Limbaul lost a completely underserved TV spot on the ESPN for saying he goes, quote about Oct. with Nam was overweight and given a free pass by the liberal sports media because he's blank. Pat Robertson wanted to nuke the colon power on state department and call for the assassination of Hugo Chavez. Namlies people are collecting unemployment checks that were no danger of losing the audience. Let me say here a few kind words for the Id. Some of the greatest comedians of the past 50 years have been the Id made flesh Lenny Bruce, Richard Pire before the fire. Sarah Silverman now and P. Lee Herman 20 years ago all different all original all Aid all the time. All of these. All of these things. Even the kind of gender time WC fields and march brothers and three stouges were all about doing and saying things don't get away within polite company. Some of it was aimed at kids and some of it more mature audiences still. Id. Let me name two others one funny and one not so funny. Sam Kinnison and Rudice Clay. I love Kinnison. I saw when he was just hitting a big and his was the most disgusting most violent act that ever laughed out loud at. I never saw a nice play alive but when I saw his act on TV was revolting I lost friends because they thought he was funny. He's trying to make a comeback now and I hope he's another reality TV shipwreck or shipwreck but given the times he may find a audience. It will be easy to put Kinnison together and many did especially because they're vicious attitudes were in so predominantly a woman. But there's an important distinction. Andrew Dice Clay acted as though he was the coolest guy on the planet when he degraded women and his idiot audience ended up. Kinnison had some idiot fans as well but if he looked a little closer the lost bring of his comedy had a different source. Kinnison on stage played a man whose bad relationships with women had set him off the deep end. That person wasn't cool. He was the ranting guy in the commuter train you didn't want to make eye attack with sadly famed rars and swarms of idiot fans turned him into a stage for son of 247. This is not to say there's no eat on the left of course we have a dark side. We all have bloody thoughts just look at the response stand called you find among bloggers and commentators on this website. Just as being loud and good now to hope for more stuff destruction reaction from America post 9-11 we on the left often give Miss Colour everything she wants and more when we act to her pathetic cries for attention. The left also jumps predictably in the grounds of hatred at the provocative comments of Dick Cheney and mentally his disgusting worldview is more important than his coders by several orders of magnitude when the bomb attack in Afghanistan was completed into a tenth on Cheney's life. Seriously how far away from this thing was he. The hopping and post comment board went into an extended two minute hate so much so that the thread was shut down. This became red meat for Rush Limbaugh show the same day. Weaf in a loot of sucking up to those who don't pay me I'd rather post here than a hoof pole you get a better class of commuters in general and significantly better commons off our main spooking chimp. But there's a significant difference between the main spooking we get the right wing counter far. MSN has a functioning super ego as does what passes for left wing media as well. The right wing media does not. There are consequences for bad behavior on a real newspaper right a real TV news department. Jason Blair was called lying and he was fired by the New York Times as were several of his editors. The story is the same for Stephen Glass at the New Republic. Bad we point it can end a career as long as Dan Rathers. In appropriate on air comments can get you fired as Michael Savage or Marcello and they try to end the main stream. That Glenn Beck still has a gig on CNN as proof that the bar is getting lower as we speak. But his 15 minutes may soon come to an end as well. In a right wing media lying and inflammatory comments are the way to get ahead. Anything goes and pursued more books sales or higher ratings. How leaving giving away troop movements and being thrown out of a rack by the army is the reason to lose your job as to rather refera. To call these people punitive journalists as a sick joke, the lump cess pulls like regularly publishing in Fox News Channel and with legitimate media is like discussing Olympic wrestling and progress. There was no meaningful difference. And so goes our national dialogue. We treat the insane and intentions to our visit. They deserve the same level of respect as the rational and off-a-let them start a screaming match because we've given them the sequel footing. We forget to act like adults when faced with these over-age. Badly behave that lessons. Being the adult is hard sometimes. Here's a word of advice. Screaming at crazy people is not an effective method to get them to calm down. Screaming at crazy people. Alright. I've been doing that for 31 years. What's wrong with that? You're screemer? Bag it. Eight hundred and sixty nine votes on award-winning over-sexed pool. It's big enough both of us. On the 9-11 with us and in particular a group that have been outspoken and critical of the administration. These broads are millionaires. Lionized on TV. I've never seen people enjoying their husbands death so much. Yeah. And co-tent so bad. The reason is for love, hey. Next everybody, angry, get full of their phones all worked out. Worshiped by the Fox News game, because she's gone downtown. But she ever landed on me and saying no one would get around all. You could be a widow, you could be a priest. You know that's gonna die. I can't live you ever deserve a break. I wonder what's the same game, my job in verb. Oh, bonbons. She's a poor salsa, a fool. She's a type in crazy balls. Can you make her go away? Can we break her skinny lips? We have wedged each other's face. But it's all getting away. She won't let me away. You feel I'm doing what you say. And all this stuff is crazy. And all this stuff is crazy. Because they're just me go. Just speak out, using the fact that they're widows. I'm sending you somebody who will allow your response to. No, no, we always have to respond to someone who just had a family member die. Because when we have a little response to that. You know, you're questioning their offences. They were using their grief in order to make a political point. These grudds, you know, are a millionaires. You think by shaping us? I've never seen people enjoying their husband's death so much. They're all over the new. All over the new. Yeah. See, now she had the balls. And of course, she obviously does. But if she had the co-homes to come out of the closet as the. Heful, sound bull like that. She is then she could say faggot. You know, all this other stuff about the ar widows. I mean, I've almost everything she says is unacceptable anyway. Not just politically incorrect, but humanly incorrect. So there's a big difference between politically correct, which is a croaker crap. And humanly incorrect, just based on, you know, common sense. I'm common decency, which he doesn't have any. But the interesting part of it is that her book cell like hotcakes and every time she's on is all of my winners, they grab it at this, like the article said, up until now because she's so far over the top. You know, it's like, oh, she said, faggot, you know, all I crap. Where were they when she was doing all the other stuff like the thing about the anan love widows? Yeah. Where the hell were they? They probably are like them. And in fact, the thing about the right way, let's not, let's not pull any punches about it. This is where they're coming from heat. And that's why the self-hating gaze and self-hating blacks and self-loving Jews. That's why they're in the right wing because that's where they're coming from. They hate themselves. Whatever it is in themselves that they can't deal with, they hate it. They hate everybody else who might be a fool in the category, if you want to f*** like. As in f***. US soldiered elite AP photographer's photos and trends violence following a suicide bombing and ensuing gunfight between Afghan militants and American soldiers on Sunday, a US soldier demanded that an associated press photographer delete his photos. The photographer, a mock rule did not witness the suicide attack of the gun battle reports to the AP, but was in a vicinity. The rule in the video camera men working for AP television news were taking pictures of a vehicle inside which four people have been shot to death. When US soldier demanded that ghoul delete his photos, the report continues, ghoul said he later received permission to take photos from another soldier, but that the first soldier came back and angrily told him to delete the photos again. Ghoul said the soldier then raised his fist as he was going to strike him. US military heads that they were mocked, but it would be better to boot put about. WDQAM Faggot line, hello. Not there. What a shame. That was going to be our first call of a great week. You'll say WDQAM, hello. Okay. O42 and line 9, you know what line 9 is going to be. WDQAM, hello. Is there any doubt? Is there any doubt? So that's the mark to where we need to start. O43 on a phone so far. O43 not good. Although we got 800, maybe 2 votes by the end of the hour. We have like about 900. And now Chris marks these out like a graph, you know, like a chart. That's right. To see, you know, how, like kind of checking your temperature by signal thermometer and somewhere like in your mouth or in your recto. And as a matter of fact, listen, don't pass that a good idea for all you people out there. Don't use the thermometer all around the family, you know. Or it'll pass it around. Don't pass it around because some people take their temperature in their mouth and some in their recto. There's a recto thermometer. So don't be passing around and like, follow them saying, you might be passing something else around. Just a good rule of thumb. Yeah, hold on a hold it up to the start before you. What, you thumb? Yeah, hold that thumb like I hit in the corner there. Who's there? Is it Tom thumb or pulled out a little jack hoarder? Those jack hoarders sat in the corner eating his, whatever. He eating his little mists muffets curds in way. Whether there's a will. There's an an a quarter. And he joined people for the American curds. And then they went to a rack and far. And they fought the she has in the, uh, Sunnis and all this crap. You know, WQAM, hello. QAM, oh, for for QAM, hello. QAM. Oh, I know. Yes, sir. It's a 2007. Yeah, WQAM, oh, for five. QAM, hello. Oh, for six. QAM, hello. O for seven. QAM, hello. Hello. Yes. Hi, is George? No, this is Neil. Do you want George? I don't need a law. I want to talk to you. I don't call her with a hearing. I heard a call in that you were a power to seven tries. We've got a call. Oh, man. You have to, she young boy, you've come for me. You've done like 20 year old on the floor. I wish. Oh, so if you only knew how I wish. You wish to, all, I want you to know that I am a closet fan. Yes. Yes. We'll first of all. I'm going pretty glad you're there. Would John revolt day and would the Tom cruise and would our childhood Aga and a man called her in this way. And American Jewish woman. Uh-huh. Can you believe it? I believe whatever you say. say well the thing is that my family was announced that you know the rounds may be they know I'm calling you well through them I can say that but my friends will you hear them I just want to tell you that I enjoy listening to you at the beginning I was worried about it because you know you mean Jewish and you're always talking about it. Yeah. Yeah. We're talking about the Jewish and the Cuban so it's like a double whammy for me. Yeah. But when my friends told me, listen to him for me, honor of it. The joy of it. The entertainment. So the pure joy of it. It's not a real bag of it. It's not a bag of it. I got it. So now I listen to you all the time and I just love you. Well good. I want you to have another say you want years and that's all that I wish for you. Thanks. I didn't stop putting down the Cubans on the Jews you know how we are. Yeah. We got problems already. Yeah. We got problems. We all got problems. We have to stay together you know you you think you're a real They're real. We're a real one. They're sticking together. Okay. So we are seeing a big bite. Okay. Really view out Chris. Yeah. I want you to be family. You want me to be family. You want me to be family. I'm happy to be a man of those times for Christ's sake. This is a big food. They will be good. Yeah. They will violence in that kind of way of mother's name. And I tell you everything with that source. Hold in our heart and let your skull. And then you became a nurse. How I earn my family without you on my back. I want those little saro brothers dead. No. Mort. Mort. Mort. Some parts. Now I have business that's important with having a role. I don't want to disturb. Boy. Can you give your loyalty to a Jew before you unblood? Come on. Thank you. You know my father didn't business with him and he was pregnant. He was pregnant. Your father didn't business with him. Your father didn't respect him. But your father never loved the time to grow up. It's a Frankie Pentanzel. He is so good. And like I was told before, the show that there were so many sensational spectacular performances and all of a sudden, he took the pole on that pole. You're going to pull your favorite father character. He did well. But he didn't know no Godfather. But he said, yeah, sure. It was between the brothers. You know, and then there's the scene when she says, it was an abortion. Michael was right. I was right. I wouldn't bring another one. I knew it. It was an angry scene. The alpha scene was so great. And it was the angry scene. The size starting back. 10. 5. 5. 5. 6. 6. It was a really neat Monday. March the 5. Not see the eyes of the market stand. These were the March 15. Correct. Wow. 897 votes on our sexer Bay here to see how busy the Soviets has been. Obviously, pretty, you know, they've been sprinting it around pretty good. Kind of like a peanut butter. Don't eat that peanut butter. It's got mung in it. How many sexual partners have you had sex within your lifetime. 897. 11 to 20 seems to be when the 161. So if you're like, if you're like 60, you had 26 partners. That means you all want to be three years, right? Right. But like if you're 20, and you started, like say, when you were like 15, the average seems to be going up a little bit. Like, what is that? 5 or 4 year. 6 to 1048. 2 to 5.141. 21 to 30. 986. 31 to 50 sex partners. 77. 51 to 160 to a 3. Well, I tell you if you're like 18 or 19, you've got 51 to 100. You are. You don't have time to be attending class or going to work. You're busy. Over 100, I must start 54. So you haven't really thought of myself as a stunt. But that, you know, I had to vote for that because that was the only one that we're the fit. How would you look at on for it there? Look. What? Your success. This is a inspiration. I see. Proversion. Perseverance. 1, 42. Over 100, I must swap 39. George once you number. 9, 23. Well, that's sad. Well, they might be just young pumps, you know, like, but I doubt it. Maybe they really grow test and they smell really bad. They've got, like, all kinds of mungering out of their arm pits and stuff. I need this pull 19, 2.1 percent pretty low. I'm a priest. God only knows 19. They're all good. And what is sex 17? This is so less to say. What did I tell you? By the time we got to the top of the hour, we'd have 900 votes. Does it mean a damn thing? No. Absolutely not. Of course, but we got 901. Kind of, like, just for fun. 100 show. F**k. F**k. F**k. F**k. F**k. F**k. This is I with this view. It's been another busy and bizarre day at the end of the course, Smith case. The Florida judge says he's in no hurry to make a decision about who will claim Swiss body, which has now been lying in the ocean front home for a week. The medical examiner says the court is decomposing. The court says he's in no hurry to make a decision about the court. He says he's in no hurry to make a decision about the court. He says he's in no hurry to make a decision about the court. He says he's in no hurry to make a decision about the court. He says he's in no hurry to make a decision about the court. He says he's in no hurry to make a decision about the court. He says he's in no hurry to make a decision about the court. He says he's in no hurry to make a decision about the court. He says he's in no hurry to make a decision about the court. He says he's in no hurry to make a decision about the court. He says he's in no hurry to make a decision about the court. He says he's in no hurry to make a decision about the court. He says he's in no hurry to make a decision about the court. He says he's in no hurry to make a decision about the court. He says he's in no hurry to make a decision about the court. He says he's in no hurry to make a decision about the court. He says he's in no hurry to make a decision about the court. He says he's in no hurry to make a decision about the court. He says he's in no hurry to make a decision about the court. He says he's in no hurry to make a decision about the court. He says he's in no hurry to make a decision about the court. He says he's in no hurry to make a decision about the court. He says he's in no hurry to make a decision about the court. He says he's in no hurry to make a decision about the court. He says he's in no hurry to make a decision about the court. He says he's in no hurry to make a decision about the court. If I wasn't a bottom law, they would remove theats from blood and put it on low in the morning. But to clear the temperature, the temperature is high enough to do the report. Only regular judges openly have to go into a hospital. Stephen, as you can see, he says he says i have a particular family. To get the reports... We consider this going to be the law. You want us to welcome her to leave the mansion to go home. She's brought out an agency from the jail. like it already has and we have to get out of there. Are they doing anything to protect us now from them following you? What do they mean what are they going to do? They're not going to be empowering anymore. So they're going to leave all the mess to whoever succeeds. And that's what they're going to do there. That's been a plan all along. You know, just keep funding along, keep sacrificing life. And then Lee, I go handed over to an impossible situation, whoever follows. Did you catch 60 minutes last night with the GAO government accounting office lead a accountant saying that in 20 or 30 years the country is going to be completely bankrupt. And there's really not. Right. Yeah, there's really nothing we can do right now unless we seriously start paying down the debt because the interest on the loans are going to be so astronomical. And then again, the course of the Chinese wake up in around woodland, they lot of business anyway. Well, they said the Chinese and the Japanese already own a suite. We owe more than $1 trillion as it is. Absolutely correct. It's all over the old culture path for a figure. He had me around. He kissed your butt. I'll see you at the border, Ray. Bye. Oh, Canada. Man, number 34 votes on the pool. Why, Mr. By the bottom of the air, we're going to be close to a thousand. We're going to be on the brink of something really great. Right. On the brink. But it do sting. That doesn't like it at all. I want those. There's not a lot of blood. It's dead. Give it a pick at you. We own family. Isn't it great that they got the ability to hear something on a radio? And I already know that. I was a lady. I think that's great. So, then some promise to res out over the street territories in the Bronx after all. I'll give you a silver. You didn't give it to me. I love you. Yeah, come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. He needed a side of the picture more than I. Hey, Frankie Five Angels. Yeah. I love that scene where Tom Higgins comes and tells him about how he's got a commit suicide. You know, when he's in behind the offensive. A little bit of a burden. Yeah. They opened up their wrists by the beat, but I bought by the banged down. They did. Took your razor blade and they know. I don't know. If you were suicidal, what would be the least objectionable way to commit suicide? I think I think that's right. No, pros and blues. No. No, not that because then it all man. It just follows sleep and don't wake up. I was at it. A lot of pros and lot of blues. Yeah. Remember the heavens, great people. They had that the poison pudding with our sleeping pills and alcohol. Yeah. Yeah. We are from the avis gate. To join a super swear flag. To an healthier enough. And to a cold, a sad post-ass. Right. Cut off your nuts. Well, that probably is a good way to start. Ooh. Maybe that's what Frankie Pentangely really did in real life, you know. A little slice of life. WCWM. Hello. Any other comment on this subject of your muck mate? That's not what I've ever said that. Ha ha. How about Joseph Cotton, maybe? Huh? How about Ross Bett and the hardest driver at Western Fair. Now we're talking. See, I can find you can come up with almost any name in the world. I come up with the hardest driver with, you know, either the first name, the last name, middle name, all of these, uh, All of these things. WCWM, hello. Listen, Neil. Yes, sir. I need more sound bites from my lunch time. Sound bites are one. No, bite bites. Like that. Yeah, bite this. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. I've sort of been taking many calls today, and promised any good ones. We had a couple. I've got a couple real people on their own. We're in so many, 11, 0, 5. Oh, there's Hank. Look at that. And be able to... Barbara Star. Every time Barbara Star comes on CNN, George comes up with a grow test line. Oh, Hank's on TV, you know? That's wrong. It's not a knock on it. Hey. Well, what is it then? I've got it hurt. She's a woman. She's a little bit like Hank Goldberg. She's a little bit like Hank Goldberg. Postal-up like her guy. Yeah, from the chin up, I guess, although she doesn't have an I'm going to make squaraces. She doesn't have all the other chin, though. But you know, she plays a mean chin ball. Like Tom. Ooh, what a thought. 940 on the, uh, pole would 940 on the dial, which used to be a great radio station. He used to be WYNZ. I worked there, of course, I worked everywhere in this time. WINZ. WYNZ, boy, those are the days, man. 940 with Frank Motek and the who else worked there back then. Trying to think. Leave it high, Z, all these, uh, pretty boring people. 560 and of course Alice Rental, which Jason is smoked at all over Tom, and, oh, this Motek, Ms Motek, had the hotst for it. And then this Motek got married and turned out to be a head-horror sexual. Sorry about that, Alice. W2AM, hello. Saturdays on 2AM, the stop and reel fish you going on. Yeah, that's for damn sure, yeah. Uh, W2AM, hello. QAM. Did I punch it or is it just, uh, maybe there it's, uh, yeah. Yeah, I keep, you heard me hit it again, right? Yeah. There goes, oh, there it is, finally. And it's, uh, now it's on hold. QAM, hello. Michael, you don't come to Las Vegas and talk to Mot Green like that. No, no, talk to a mayor like Mot Green like that. Yeah, and he slams the player. I love it. But every time I do this, the family again, very good. You need to go back to rehearsal. Yeah, you want to go back and get the script again, pal. Because you let's bring important words out. As a matter of fact, speaking of Mot Green, I do love that clip. The Mot Green one. Do you know who I am? I'm Mot Green. I made my phone when you were going out with cheerleaders. Here's the facts from Paul and the Gables, who says, I could say that, I guess you could say that Ms. Colter has a self-deficating. A self-deficating sense of humor. That's self-deficating. Self-deficating is a record. She sure if he's all I am, so all right. She's all, and I'm sample and ask. That's her. Oh, you can't say that. Ms. Colter, say things about you on the other hand. Yeah, thanks for listening, Ms. Drugs. Okay. He's over there on the beach in his economy. But probably Richard Melon's gave his pay in for. And he's got to think cracked up so a lot. He's getting good by raising. He's probably sitting on a radio. He's probably sitting on the old speaker right now on his fan. That's a mess. But that's stupid hat. You think he was the hat in the house to come with a chrome dome? Yes. What a jackass. Where's it in this shower? Really? I wonder who he's in there with? Not me. He's in there with Ms. Folley. She ain't doing what I could say. She's QA and Hello. You're fair. No, it's Fag. Get it right. WQA and Hello. QA and Hello. QA and. Yeah, I cool. Okay. Hey, you pick up funny. Huh? Pick up funny? No. I'm a clown like a museum. No. Haha. WQA and Hello. Hello, you guys know who the father of an Nicole's baby is right? Yeah. Oh, good because it's the biggest no greater in the history of earth. Yeah. Okay. And nobody cares. Nobody with a brain cares. WQA and Hello. WQA and. That's because of. Hello. Yes sir. Have a different. Yeah, but you have a different life. All right. Then anybody else. Why? In fact, why not get a search party. Maybe they can go on fire. I have no life. Oh, we're in over and over on and on. You know what? I don't give a crap. I could care less. It's already the fifth, which means Friday's payday. Because Saturday's the 10th. Friday's payday. That's where it comes at. The 10th and the 25th man. That's what this whole view is all about. WQA and Hello. QA and. Hi. How are you? How are you? How are you? How are you? I'm doing great. How are you? How are you? I'm doing great. I'm doing great. I'm doing great. I'm calling up this. I just can't tell you real quick. Long time listener. My son two years ago, during the year. For us. And I'm just wanting. The young Americans out there. He is. Friday afternoon in England. He was called. He's in Fort Louis and the Army. He's on an attachment and. And. In the. No, an April. He will be in for Luzha on the ground with a 50 millimeter 50. I don't know. I'm going to on a. Humphee. And just it's madness. What's going on. And I'm not one. You're going to get one of the collars. I just it's. It's upset me and even someone to true. Follow along and. Just want to your body. You know, don't make the same mistakes. Okay, pal. Good luck to you. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. Don't let your kids go. Send them up so they can become a human sacrifice for the. For Bushco and the Nazis. Because that's what it's all about human sacrifice. When I talk about sacrificing your time. We're talking about sacrificing your life. You're limits all of these. All of these things. 949 votes on the pool on the six pool and of course. And during the course of the pool by the way, there's no prohibition for you finding some more extra sex partners in looking. That's right. You can change your own little bit of effect. If you're really close to one of those, you know, borders there. You got one of what and get you a quick one so that you can vote for the higher category. Okay, Lany. Lucky if you're on like the border line, which is sure. Many of these people. While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death, the one thing you have to depend on is your car. With two new sastons arise, the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Carilarm. Now bring you and old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my portable field. You big M.A. Remember when we used to post a packet therapy in July, we ought to get a bundle of fish. They say, you're right. What's the cooler? Get away from my portable field. You big M.A. What the hell is that? I have sexed with. Hmm. Profit of the life that. I take somebody's job. And away from my portable field. You big M.A. Get away from my portable field. You big M.A. Remember some best tries to steal my car. I feel safe. It was an old Jewish boy named Isaac. Get away from my portable field. You big M.A. Get your old Jewish guy named Isaac. Carilarm now. And receive a free flower antenna. Get away from my portable field. You big, big M.A. And old Jewish guy named Isaac. Come along. I will be available. It all zares stories. When we said to see you, I haven't played that long time. We said, I thought there was something bad in it that we heard. You're a little... There it is. Just to find a DIY man who's not damn thing wrong with him. And of course, you don't like Mr. Isaac. He's an old... One more story about man-coder. One more calm. Who the hell wrote this? This is on the Roth story. Can't get much more raw than man-coder. And don't get any rar than that. A popular commentator's gay slur at a key political conservative conference in Washington who's dropped propped at what I said, who's strong protest straw. Yesterday, as Republicans watched the distance themselves. Man-coder now spoke in conservative-funded, widely seen and print on TV and radio. Suggested Friday, the Democratic presidential candidate, John Edwards, was a faggot. At the end of the meeting in Washington, the influential conservative political action committee. I was going to have a few comments on the other Democrats around you where we were there. But two days after, where Democrats were bashing coder for a hate speech and Republicans, including leading candidates who attended the same conference, rejected her language. It would be better in my opinion not to have a CPAC at all than to have one at presents. Conservatism as a hostile, people hating ideology all over that's what it is, and add right now, whose national center for public policy research was one of the pain sponsors for CPAC. We consider that there's enough trouble overcoming the false things that are said about us, but not paying for a platform upon which we shoot ourselves annually in the foot she wrote on a weblog. Yes, turd day. On his campaign website, Edward Siddler and her remarks Republican mouthpiece and coder-bought hate speech politics through a new low. In America, we strive for equality and embrace diversity, the kind of hateful language he used as no place in political debate or our society at large. In addition, we'll fact get anyway that we know of, right? It's got a wife, you know, kids and whatever. That don't put it in good activity is. Hosted by the American Conservative Union, the annual CPAC meeting gathers the country's leading conservative politicians and figures to promote their cause. This year's event through several candidates for the Republican nomination next year's presidential race, including Rudy Giuliani, mid-Roundly, and expected candidate, Newdy Gingrich, all my god. I thought he was neutered already. Who is he kidding? The most prominent speaker with the event was Vice President Dick Cheney, who's daughter is gay. New York Times, before the yesterday, the candidate John McCain, who was not at the CPAC meeting branded co-workers slur wildly inappropriate. That's just inappropriate, but wildly inappropriate. The newspaper's website also quoted an example from Mitt Romney, who was endorsed at the meeting by coder as saying, it was an offensive remark. Governor Romney believes all people should be treated with dignity and respect. Coder was known for her sharp vocal and written attacks against Democrats and liberals made news of the 260 pack, when she referred to Arabs and Muslims as ragheads. Oh my god, what kind of a slime ball would do that? Huh? Even on this show. Oh, baby, I'm being here. Who's there? Hey, would you please be having a fruit stir? Pitchy? We are having a sale on Gamer R. Pitchy? We have a lot of many flavors. Let's break that. That is not a piece. Oh, no. HG, HG, HG, HG, HG, HG, HG, HG, HG, HG, HG, HG, HG, HG, HG. Yeah, where did they do that? Anyway, right now I said it's eating ends of this misfogical on your Sunday. Well, you know, the new Roger show that I've been listening to since I was a child in Miami. He calls people ragheads all the time to antfag. How about a raghead faggot? There must be some, I'm sure that there are. Maybe when I said it. Oh, when I said, you're a veteran. I'm a veteran. I'm a veteran. I'm a veteran. Look at that. Anyway, right now I said, quote is in 10 is made for group think twice about supporting c-pack. The meeting which some see as a preliminary stuff in the 2008 primaries for the Republican nomination, voted in a straw poll for their favorite. What do you think the result is straw poll? At C-pack. Romney 21%, Julianne 17, Sam Brownback 15%, Oh, my God. Sam Brownback 15%, is that said, what about you? Not see this meeting was all about. Is that said, by man, quota was there leading the George Slendon Boralus March. Good, galling this morning. Ninestest year in the pool by the way, we are closing in the thousand. Sometime this hour. The big handle hit the little hand that thing will like go to one. Oh, oh, oh, I have the thousand, everybody say, they did it again for the eight minutes. I'll have to row whatever. Although there was one day we didn't get a thousand because we had to late start. Remember I put the pull on right before the show. Right. Not a good idea to be doing that. Ninestest year, though, of course this isn't a poll. This is a survey. So anybody, anybody who would need you to like the legitimate age. Of course, there are a lot of people out there who are legitimate age and their school and their brains out too. So I guess they could vote as well, right? Right. Maybe they're like 16 and they've had a hundred sex partners. And that's just this week. Well, they're having a good time. My advice on that is you have maybe save a little bit for down the road. Maybe just save a little bit. Frank, rich. I don't have time for this before the break. I better find one that I have time for. Well, I like Scott Witter, see Hillary run from her husband's past on a rack. I like that one. Paul Kermin, the big meltdown. I got Frank Wichig, I got Paul Kermin, I got all kind of good stuff. You're not going to read those bedtime stories on the area? Yes. But this is the one I really called my eye. Chocolate lovers taste paradise. Sports a good thing I'm not there. I might have been hooked into going to South Miami for this. Thousands served out for the first annual chocolate festival at Fertial Tropical Botanic Gardens on Saturday to indulge in the ancestral and Declan Gardens for goodness of chocolate. Or is the one guy there? There's a show on TV. I think it was on the food channel. I don't know. Maybe it's still on. Where the guy was always making all these. Like what did they call it ganache? Okay. That's that. They melted down and said, oh, no, that's not what we do. That's a whole lot of that. Oh. And the host on that show, he can't say, I mean, when your whole show is about chocolate and you just call it chocolate. It bothers me a lot. So like Ray Nagan would chocolate. And that's what the guy always says on that show. They ganache guy. You ever see him? What would they do? They take like a double boiler and they boil the water and then they put in the top thing. They put it all the chocolate and it melts and they stir it up and it like mooshy. Oh, god. Mercedes Gonzalez wasn't being a Swedish. He could be where sweet was the norm. The Mexican chef decided to play a country and rule. One backed by thousands of years of history. He always deployed out. Chocolate is more than bond bonds and cakes at the 40 year old executive chef at Pablano in South Miami. He showed off the fiery accompaniment. You fiery. You're fair. A commitment to the cocoa and her ancestral mold Pablano recipe that traces back to the Aztecs. Drive choice and black pepper. Oh. What does that have to do with chocolate? I love. The curious came from other books where I look at one of our signature dishes. Chicken smothered in chocolate mol sauce. Oh, this ain't sound good. Chicken with chocolate mol sauce. What do you do? Chop off a mol and you squish it up with your bowl. Oh, no. If you had another treat for the crowd a steaming chocolate drink, go loud and small cups by the chef's family. Even this is different. It has spices. So it's moody. Okay, cool. After something delicious makes it the first annual chocolate festival at Fairchild Travel Botanic Gardens in Croll Gables. It makes your test taste buds wonder she said. Yeah, I wonder who's eaten this kind of stuff. The answer was a dash. Oh, no. When you hear this, this might be the end. The answer a dash of crushed star and as seeds or as an ines, a spice that tastes like licorice and as thick as cinnamon. That was the secret. A dash of crushed star ines. That's all good. I got some things I could say about that, but it probably would be a real good idea. Some people might dig it, but that's right. Like, mo, he was always digging. Back he was on a very popular quiz show. Digging from Dingleberg. And I think he was the winner. I think he could get the winner every time. Yeah, all every time. Yeah, those more. Not only Dingleberg is also at Martins in his pants. He sure had a he had a load in there all the time. I'll take it that. 900. He's free quotes. I thought am I a good one to talk. 900 and 72 out of special after that event a couple weeks ago. It's just one of those things man. It happens yet. You know, crap happens if I can say that. Oh, look at this. Celiactus is the only treatments to avoid gluten. If you're gluten for punishment. The doctor mentioned some medical. Well, I tell you all this food talk. It's getting me. I'm not I'm not going to go to the dentist late this afternoon. Because I don't want to be sitting there at the dentist. Then all of a sudden like, oh, start squaring in the chair. Oh, nature's calling now. When you go to the dentist, you have to make sure that all year, especially if it's like, Yeah, it's going to be a long session. I have a feeling. Drilling and filling and squarming. How many sex partners have you had sex with in your life? The lifetimes are pull quite late. On 173 votes 11 to 2072. 6 to 10 160. 2 to 5 155. 21 to 30 101. 31 to 50 88. 51 to 174. Over 100. Not a stud 55. Over 100. Not a slot 42. Almost a match. Maybe they're all doing each other. 1. 42. None. 24. I'm a priest. God only knows 21. I hate this pull. I'm here 22. 2% and what is sex 19? That's what I say. Heity, Soly people. I just hate everybody, or what is this all about? Like that. 10. 10. And I will give sober voice. That's a soft photo, F and ways. 5 ganRL, Peter Payne here. We may have heard that there is something in my peer but is that hurt you. It's called Salma nela. Guantled X employee who doesn't like Peter. Can you imagine that someone who doesn't like Peter? But don't worry kids, we're making new peanut butter right now. So tell your mom and go back to the store. It's May of Fuey, Peter Pan again. I guarantee it by personally inspecting every batch. Remember, with Peter Pan peanut butter that a little bit of Peter, every jar. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, well, I got to say about that. And I have an 88 votes on the pool. What are you sending now? What are you sending now? What are you sending now? Look, cute there. A little 2D1. Still a cute email. Oh, okay. I'll take a few seconds. Take a turn. This relax, no emergency. No emergency. I just want to say, because there are a lot of people out there who've grown up in this age of cyber, everything, you know, communicating with people. Yeah. And like we were discussing before the show today, it's probably not the most perforable, separable way to communicate with people. Never do our too many. Huh? Turn marches are the way. But I'm just saying, I mean, maybe one day the technology would be a foolproof and a worker would be like, lots of times like we had all the problems with the mice spacing. 1247 mice faced friends, by the way, including, I think the guy's name was Tom, who's a friend of Norma Kim. So I would say Tom. You're fair. And he sent me his profile page. And he's got pictures of guys who are, the page is burning. It's so hot. That's how hot guys friends are. Ah, man. Who would you like that? Oh, Tom, introduce me. But my point is that, you know, like I had an episode over the weekend, that was very unnecessary because of the fact that this stuff, your text messaging people are getting messages back. And most of the time, maybe it works. And then some of the time it doesn't. Some of the time it doesn't. It gets like lost in space. Or it grows up. Lost in space. Lost in space. That's right. Your messages are after lost. And the proof of that is, so I called text support on Saturday because my black bear was screwed up. And the seven of five said, and I had to get the, and I have to take the back of the thing out and take the battery out. I thought it would say, yeah. Whether really does it shoot, but it was strictly my unit, if I can say that, can I say my unit? My black bear. And so we got like, I take the battery out. He, he, he, we, uh, authorized this thing. I reboot the thing. And by the big, there would be like magic. Guess it's me. It takes message. So it's 10, are you paying any attention to me or no? Yeah, I am. At 10 after four yesterday afternoon, all of a sudden my black bear is on the table and go, and now all those men who were like about, I have to ask messages down there that were in Boston space that never came through the first time. And there they are. You know, so I have somebody sent you a message like, you know, if you call this number within 10 minutes, you're going to win $50 million or something like that. And then it came through the next day. And well, I didn't get, uh, that's the way this technology is. Which, F, is what it is. Yes, it is. Unreliable of best. I mean, you know, it's fine. It's quick. It's the handy. And the out of all these, uh, all of these things. But it's unreliable. I just thought I was mentioning that. And passing, probably you've paid. Experts out there who think that, oh, you're just, you're living in the past. The, you're living with all that, uh, snail, male, and all those other crap. Well, that's just, that's me. I don't know what you're doing. Too bad. 560560, pound five 60, the Verizon signal wireless line. How many two way in? Hello. Not there. WDQA and hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I was trying to get through last week to wish you a happy anniversary. Thank you very much. Um, I'm one of the lucky ones about when it comes to sex might be on say is a nymphomaniac. Okay. Hey, um, I noticed, playing some of the older bits. Have you played that one that got that twice the by the Chinese rest time? And you convinced the lady. Oh, no. No, I haven't. You're not gonna see that. Then that's the, that always just drives me nuts. You know, guys like you good, good guy, but you want to make a request and heavy, and have you played it. Then that's not what you mean. What you want, and what you want me to do is to play it, right? Yes, sir. The Chinese rest time. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. I'm a little bit, I can help you. Yeah, I couldn't follow, but to do, let's offer. See, here's my, uh huh. Here's my concert, the lovin. If you want me to play it, say, uh huh. Usal then. That's it. Hajik? Ah, just put those, put the tongue, someone in the food. Boom. Boom. Two. Okay, hold on, just second, okay. Yeah. Huh. Hello. That's it. Yeah, who's speaking? Huh? Yeah, hello. Who's speaking? Huh? Uh, hello. Can you hear me? Yeah? Yeah. You got a rest of the show? Huh? Uh, how much you want for the show? Well, you come a little, look at it and talk to the boss. I come over, maybe eat dinner with you. Okay. Uh, does, uh, that place include, uh, all the walks? Huh? Huh? Come on. Come on, that's all. It's Chinese. Yeah, Chinese. Okay, it's all, uh, it's the tongue, lovin. Yeah. Tula cha. Da. Uh, two, three, right? Both. What? Two? One, two, three. Okay. How about the old two go and then I come over and pick it up in local restaurant? Okay. Okay. Put your mouth out. Uh, uh, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, what's the name of that name? Four, four, four. Four, four, four, five, four, four, six. I know what's the name? Four, four, four, five, five, six. Five, four, six. Five, four, six, six. Five. What? Four, six, four, six. Okay. Okay. Oh, so it's the name of the one? Let's play them when you're happy. Well there you go that says always they'll play it well maybe we've not you know right Let's take a look at how many Tally's we have on our survey in 1994 all we're gonna have a thousand way before noon And I bet your Chris is writing that down fever's saying is little he keep like a little diary What up Jesus god now Not you know this comfortable Okay, oh, oh, oh, oh, no, no that burp was not me Yeah, I was I said huh and there's someone else in the studio that released the gas Oh, yeah, and who was that not George? Yeah George has been doing this a long time He knows better than to be gripsing on you like that Yeah It won't kind of like Uh, yeah, like that Not too classy so I was asking about whether you care we don't really care about this. Both of it And we like to make it sound like it's very exciting because it's a really boring town We don't need to drop out of numbers. Yeah, that's right. I'll all the good numbers all the time And this one today. I mean hopefully hopefully these weren't just some kind of sloppy desperate I was like all you people hopefully these were really hot Lushes you don't think because then it's so we're remember. Yeah, hopefully but probably not Who do you Q a m hello? Mr. Rod is I'm gonna get straight to the point can you please play you thought it's airway? That's not one of my boys want to get that you bonnace airways One of the stuff it is like four and a half minutes lower there something You bonnace airways I don't have it. I think you tried to play it once and you hated it so oh No guys no god no I got a bonnace graduate though You were just waiting how to put on your after the mad I I got here to play it. It's like four minutes almost five maybe more you tell me it's boring It's just Lord Yeah, okay Yeah, we work on it man just relax okay just come down Okay, we're kind of okay Okay, so you got it there, but we don't have time to play it now, but right now. I gotta be really bad and but you just got through saying I played it once and I thought it was crap. What is it about? It's one the psychs doing the you know how this tour just does the announcement before the flight and everything Yes, it's heard doing that pretty bonnace Take your seat yeah go ahead like that But I have to find it oh in boobonics Yes, it's not really bad taste is because if it's not done what's the point to read this if it isn't bad They were good and let's play it's dare clearly yeah, but it's good 1997 votes on the pull by the time we get back from our break we're gonna have over a thousand votes and people are gonna be buzzing about it The water core like that Just like my blackberry was bushing yesterday ten past four in the amperons with all these unless you just from a hundred years before Let me sit again technology it could be a wonderful thing if it worked all the time, but it is un reliable Un dependable un acceptable it blows Hey, it's like I said it's handy. Yeah, I'm those occasions when it works 21 to learn a QM my god your breath are beautiful Shut the bar Ooh I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared, I'm a little bit scared Around the rice pot, here I'm duck egg walk baby beasts vibe me, where the egg ste I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park without getting a chance to go home. I don't even know when others are coming from you. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park. I'm not gonna get a chance to go to the park... It's just safe from me. Fuck you, They should be black. They should be higher up than the stereotypes that you're breaking, what's he doing? It's stupid. They should be got it. If you're just judgment on how I got my pen. Talk for me, get it. I've got a pot there, nobody could have it. Get to something that you can just put that in your course, and get from me. Oh, I love it. I just want to get that in your room where he was speaking Italian. I'm just so small to you. I don't think I've got further thinking of this small. I don't know if he'd say it's when he comes right down with thousands of people. He wrote on the poll 1060, it will be. I'm going to say again about that Barack Obama speech in some Alabama over the weekend. My goodness. He is dynamic. He's living and breathing. He's got it. You know, there's certain intangible qualities that people have. I mean, this business about why he's a rock star. Yeah, I think if you want to call him that, whatever. But he's, you know, he's inspirational as opposed to being like a dead fish like slowly. Watch him speak. Listen to what he says. Listen to the substance of it. And the way he presented and then watch all of these other candidates. Every single one of them, their bodies dynamic is a dead buphotode. That's what I've been told. Where did that film man? Dead is a door nail. What does that expression really mean? There's no other super dispersion. I see these things on the right. Oh, we all do and anybody wonder. What does that mean? Dead is a door nail? I had a book once and it was great. I wish I could find it again. Yeah. What's the thing? Well, no, I had that one too. That was bad. The dictionary of phrase and fable and you could look on any crap like that and it gave you the whole story. What it meant where it came from, etc. You know, there is a fog that he's descended over this city over Toronto right now. I'm sitting and looking at my window and I see nothing. I don't, I don't, I don't know that maybe in LA I've ever seen a fog in the middle of a daytime like this that's so thick like piece soup and seeing nothing. I feel like I'm in London. Maybe I moved during the break. I don't know. Not good. Maybe that's an oldman for the dentist later on this afternoon. Oh, I sure hope not. Oh, 2016 votes on our survey day and our sex survey. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I was going to take a minion calls today too. And Pomp 5, 60 on the horizon, see you at a wireless line. I was going to really, I was going to line him up and just being, being, being making like the old days. Remember those days? Oh, yeah. They're like him hard away. It's like that, but I'm thinking it's going to happen. Just ain't in the cards. Oh, speaking of the cards in cards, so last night on the game show channel they had the top 10 game show host of all time. I could get all these messages from Brandon. You got to watch on Spike is the godfather of a new guy. I'll turn on the game show channel. You got to watch the top 10. I had more than shows going at the same time. I had well, my head was spinning like a dredal. And of course Bob Barker was the number one. Who the hell was number two? I'm trying to think. But then they had people in there like Bob you banks. Oh, geez, and some really marginal people. Bill column was number seven. I know you want to go through the same with a game show host again. Whatever. You know, you get very sure about that. Sure. Okay. Yeah. Don't. W2AM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, man. I had a question. Actually, I need to maybe the audience out there can actually uh, can help you out. I'll just do this story. Yeah. But you know, you know how you love Berlin? Yes. My brother actually went to the, that's the World Cup this past year. How was it? And you would say that, um, that the brosks actually had 10 outside the stadium. When you can go and, uh, you know, get whatever you need to done while you're at the stadium. And it was like a very normal thing. Right. Sitting out there and for you to take up, you know, if you wanted something to take their own, so they was there. And they're really, and most of the way, most of Western Europe is like that price to do is musical and it's so readily available in the stadium. They're not up tight about it. They don't give a crap. So it was amazing. And I was just, he told me that, sorry, I was bomb man. That's the, that's unbelievable. I can't, I can't, we can't out that outside of Joe Robbie over here. Right. Well, I'll tell you one thing. If you park it, you Robbie will get screwed. I'll say that. That's all right. Anyone. Thanks, pal. Okay. East B. on Berlin or baby. East B. on Berlin. I'm going to go back to World Cup week. I'm going to sit outside then. Clies, man. I'm going to get a search party. Oh, please, please. But it just, it just ain't going to happen. Oh, this is, what is that? I thought that bit. It's a Shirley Q. Lickardale. Sorry, Warren did. It's not a Warren to say. Shirley Q. Lickardale. Well, I have Shirley Q and here's some of them passing wind. He, I got it right here. And it's only a minute and 26. That's not the one. Well, that's what we can play. Okay. I think, let's give it a shot. I never heard it out with. Oh. Well, baby. I had to put on my good beef in a bathroom this morning to go down the LaWee and Jefferson Junior has to with my 19 children. It was career day. This is where they get their IQ measured and an altitude test to see what kind of job they most suited for. We found it out that my daughter on quiche could need to go correspondence with the nail technicians. She said you can make $6 an hour plus tip. Payton women's nails out had a different color. And my son's in my tutorial say he won't work as a United Nation. Translating redneck English into ebonic. He said as an untested gold man. You know, I found a hollin about ebonic. Now they do to the fact that it's just now kitchen. Oh. But you know, ebonic is not hard. You could just pick it up by watching TV. You know, if I get so ridiculous, show speaks it back and back. Right, Gamba, though he never was too good at it. To be enough to be that be the question. I'm so desperate. I'm so sorry. Thank you, mom. I never say how she doing. I'm sorry. You know, I haven't played any of those in about 100 years. Surely you'll have to, you know what? I know it. I wonder what this one is. If they official announcement from the United State Department of Humidity, they've counted the 108th stream he needed to alert until further noted. Please do not go outside when a wig of more than 2.2 per pound fables. If they had likelihood that you would begin to express by the order, if you do not practice personal hygiene. The governor recommended everybody to stay in their house and turn on their air condition. This has been a massive extreme humidity. Well, I can't all be great, you know. But I thought my vines were pretty damn good even though you didn't want me to play that one. Oh, no, it was fine. But that's not the one that the guy was asking for. Well, is he ever one better? Yes, better end. It's almost over a minute. It's long. We'll get it in there. We'll get some excellent time. You know. Maybe he'll go back to the power room during there. Who can? Me, can. I could have done that during that other one. You know, remember this morning I had all the time. So we were talking before the show or bad before you left. I got that down to a science. When you've been doing this as long as I have for about 100 years and the nature calls, even when I was down there. And you know, it's just a long walk to the a T room down there from the studio. But it's down to road to a grandma's house and around the corner, up the hill and whatever. And then everybody would drop their job to make an old my God, the break is the only in the middle of the break and he's back already. I have an expert T's and a certain human bodily functions expertise. How are we doing on the survey speaking the next for T's? We got the 1,026 not too bad, not too shabby. We got the man dog at 2 to 7 and in fact looks like a fairly pristine schedule up until 7. And then we got that opening tip stuff with Bimbo calls. Which you just, you know, I shake my head and an amazement and this may, you know. By the way, what did you get for your anniversary from the radio station? I got an email from Clarence. So is it? In G.A.L. We're going to call a male or a candy gram? No. What do they call them? I'm lying. What do they call those? Q card? Oh yeah. Necard? No. I mean get a Z card. No. Not even a Z card. Nothing. That's okay. You know, they take you for granted and you don't do ask me if I care because when it comes to be on Friday there'll be a big, big, fat, useful picture coming at envelope man. And my PO box. There'll be a big, freaking check. That boy, Joe, don't listen to what normal says. Joe, as long as those checks keep showing up of the air, truly, I'm a happy man. Oh, if I will sign it to 80 year extension on my deal. So I croak. I think we have to start working on the promotion for that. Okay. Here in Neil, croak on the air. And then maybe I can get some of that booze and pill. We're talking about. Although I'm not too a sideload to that. And so damn good. It's a damn good thing I'm not. Yeah. Well, I'm not going to be a basketball case like anybody else in a real drama queen. And emotional look, cripple, and all these things. But not suicidal. Not really. Not yet. 156, and of course you've got to keep me under your thumb. You know, keep me under, not too straight. I'm doing this, I spray, try that email. It's on topic. What do you mean? It's cute, you're like that. We got, I got one from Brandon over here too. So I got all it. No, you mean the one that you sent me before with the, the cartoon thing? Yeah, yeah. I see. I can't look at it. Here's not in the middle of an important show here, okay? Yeah, that's what you think. I know. No, that's what I thought. 1156 at 560 WQM for Mark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q8M. You got sad, but they did sad. In the shower soul. Not yet. You got the full blow from Stally at my phone. Not yet. We got so close at time. Out there, it's good play games. You got to keep the eyes off the eyes behind insisting They're not taking. Welcome. Yeah, I got to hide your photo away. No, no, no, no, no. You got to hide your whole away. No, no, no, no, no. You're suddenly sad. You sad straight, you're by. Met the whole of the men. Is it so close? Say that the time, yeah, yeah. No, you got so close. Having fun with the boys. If the lost will ruin my dear. Boy, boy, boy, boy, boy. You got to hide your whole away. You got to hide your whole away. You got to hide your whole away. I got to hear the name of my daughter. I'm not a man, you're my only one. I'm not a man, you're my only one. I'm not a man, you're my only one. I'm not a man, you're my only one. I'm not a man, you're my only one. I'm not a man, you're my only one. I'm not a man, you're my only one. I'm not a man, you're my only one. I'm not a man, you're my only one. There's always a high. I'll new record. This time there's no breathable there. We open the doors, there's no breathable there out there. Something that's nothing. Maybe it's so bad. Maybe that's what the fung is clearing now. Let me tell you. If it gets anywhere, I'm leaving. Because there's where we're swimming. Listen. As solidarity on this show, if you walk out, I'm walking out. I'm walking out. Yeah. The other way around is tape's, they like so much. That might do it. Like Neil, aliens in the pop would be good. Count down was this on me. Of course, this is really pissed me off. Number 10 was Bob U-bank. was Bob U-Banks with a stiff neck and a horrible. Number 9, Pat Say Jack. And as much as I love that show and you hate it, but as much as I like it, he doesn't do anything. And she doesn't even less because he's pretending to turn the letters and he doesn't solve them like trying it for you anyway. And she doesn't even have to touch the thing and they light it up, but it's just for a show. Bill Colum was number 8. Yeah, I'm a small. How could Bill Colum be so low? And I raved about him and how great he was and he was the consummate pro. But he's all way down there. Number 7 was Chuck Swillery. Oh, Chuck, Willery. Give me a break. Oh, and a vomit. And number 7 was the winker. Wink Martin, Bill with his 86 teeth. Number 5, you'll be Alex Truback. Canadian boy, Alex Truback. Speaking of Canadian money hall. Number 4. Number 3, Sarah Rae said. Sarah Rae said. Richard Dawson. And speaking of Sarah Rae said, and Richard Dawson was also on Chris Matchgame until the Zico. And they didn't even pull out that he got booted on his show. So guess who was number 2? That's the bag of a break or what's like giving him what is she taking over? Yeah. Number 2. And number 1, where you know whenever I was totally above her. And as my OG and we missed it by a few minutes, the price is right is just went off at noon. Dana, would that have been sweet? If I could open up that pot and play the little of the price is right, I could always play Frankie Pentaxle. Frank, you're good. Yeah, Frank. That's Michael, when the pack is in the pack, I don't know. What's the about the Godfunk? I don't know. I'm gonna run a momma. And then then then then then. The loyal to my father for years. Who is that of the day to ask to just make this big right in my face? Yeah. It was so good. Oh God, the way I'll Frankie Pentaxle. He's my hero. He's my gangster hero. And then you know, make no mistake about it or make no bones about it. His momma would say. Or his momma would say. Oh, don't don't don't don't don't don't don't. We love those. We love all the gangsters. Right? Yes, we did. I mean, the people in the movie we hated. Well, there's all like like a stirring and a hidden was great actor. And he played McCloskey, you know, the captain, the crooked cop. We're not even really a courteous. Well, who knows what he was. The one that socked Michael in the jaw. After he socked Michael in the jaw in the first movie. He was like, he knew how he like dripping from the nose. He like, I thought it was a person. Oh, and you know what else in Godfather too? That was the one I was watching last night with a lot of, uh, I went on for like four hours. Can we include the commercials on them? What is it again? I don't know. The channel was on spike spike. And they had spiked on them too. Four hours. But you know, the scene in whether in Havana and a sitting on a hotel roof and highman Roth is celebrating his birthday and they bring out the big cake. Yeah, and he's talking about, you know, a piece for other resort brothers and he's not talking about cake either. And guess who's sitting there eating early chance he gets an as well. I didn't know he keeps going on these diabetic comers. Michael is eating cake like he got father three. He says to cake. And he said he's there with a piece of cake on a plate with a fork diabetic. I'm diabetic too. Yeah. I eat that only cake. But I eat ice cream and candy and crap. Now, them too much like the one anyone. Oh God, I'm going to be I'm going to be so beautiful. I'll be irresistible. Everything living and breathing. Anybody believe it? Oh, not even me. But nevertheless, it's pretty good. I can see the difference in the mirror. I can actually get around that. Let me turn around my chair. Are you looking at the mirror? I mean, still fat and disgusting and grow tests. And certainly nobody in the world would want to see this. I mean, messaging my boss is short here. Oh, nasty. Yeah. I know even the thought is grow test right at lunchtime too. Sorry. But not like before. Now we're like the pooping is just in fact I can feel it with my hands and my stomach too. And I'm not feeling it. No, I won't fact I'd like to start feeling it. But yeah, I like the upper pooping. I've got double pooping. You know what that is? Oh yeah, like a double chin. But where? The double chin only is double stomach. What do I say about cows? How many stomachs do they have? Like two. Only two, so many dos. But I got the upper stomach. The upper pooping is not so bad anymore. Oh, good. I'm not great. 181. I have got you. You do know what that means, don't you? What? This is only Monday that by the weekend, guess what? 170s. Oh, do you know what a barrier that's going to be? I have lost 14 pounds. How much more before you can see it without a mirror? Before I can see what without a mirror. I got news for him. I say it's pretty good. You must be dreaming. Okay. You must be, you give me too much credit. Remember the line that was, what was it? That's a lot so was it so what's so yeah? It says you give me too much credit. He was in the car when he ran away. Right. He went to a Louise in the Bronx. It says you give me too. I I had my chance. You know, I got the hunted one. Remember that? Yeah. You give me too much credit. So what's so every actor, what I'm moving. I'm going to sit and I'm going to watch God. Father all week long. I need a 10 in food and get back up to 200. No, 181. Do you know how many years has been since I've been under 186? No, how many? Let me tell you right now. I would say, the level of, well, just let's take the, not not the audience really cares all that much. Oh, yeah. We care about too. We want you to be slim and trim. I looked to be 100 and be on the air for a million good luck. Last time was the one 70s was 1975. I was working at J and Owen West Palm Beach. I've told you I lost 100 pounds in a year. I got down to 170. That was my low point. So to speak. Actually, that year was kind of one of my high points. I told you that. I was, I was busy that year. But anywhere you said 75. So yeah, well, because that wasn't a giant tub. It's a lot easier in because back then, it always, I was 33 years old. So I was young and like almost, it probably is close to human looking as a single and back when I was in college. So we're talking 32 years ago. This is the lowest weight I've had in 32 years. Isn't that a major accomplishment? Yes, it is. Yeah, let's look here. Let's hear it for the federal fact. It okay. That's what man called, or says, he's not bad. Yeah, well, you're a piece of craft man and there's no comma in there, either. Oh, I guess they're good. I guess they're good. They're good. Or not. Is it? All because that's a cup by the chewing mine. There you go. Man, I don't know what is it. Well, I don't know. I just, let's face it. He has a fairly distinctive voice. Yeah. Yeah. I'm called the only said, this and down the Michael Colly only said, that is what you had. Sure. I actually, if I had any brains, I should have taped that to, I love this. I love the scene where the senator is trying to shake Michael down for the gaming machine. I look at him. That was great. He wants 250 grand and he wants this and bad. So much a month and 5% of the total take every from all four casinos and he's starting to walk out and I'll wait to get your response tomorrow. Michael says to him. I can give it to you right now, senator. And he turns around with a smile like, you know, he's going to tell him, oh, and he says, my offer to you is this nothing. Oh, I love that scene. God, do I love it? It's like, I don't know. It's kind of like an almost like a disease, you know, they're the bottom of the thing. It gets into your brain and all the lines, you know, like the coat people, all those lines. 158 votes on the survey. All these people in the wonder they can't call to show the busiest screw in their brains out. Man, they've had a lot of partners just like how many wrong views to be a partner? How many sexual partners have you had with sex with me lifetime? 11 to 2091. How many votes? 158. 5, 6 to 10, 173, 2 to 5, 173, 21 to 30, 133, 31 to 50, 92. Wow. What about your preverts? 51 to 187, over 100 numbers. That's me, 57. Countless. Countless. Man, I want thinking about what are you thinking about? I mean, I'm granted. I'm glad we're getting the big response on the survey. But who, who really counts? How do you know whether it's 32, 35? I mean, are people like making notches on their belt or when they were arm pit or when they were headboarding? Yeah. They are. Well, don't cut too deep. Over 100, I'm a step if you seven over 100, I'm a slot 46. 145. 45 people have had one sex partner nut and probably in those cases, probably just themselves. None. 25. I'm a priest. God only knows. No, God. 24. Well, in, I listen, they got to do God's doing it. There's a close to author voice. Yes, I hate this full 22% and what is sex? 20 silly people who you know. And how do we give people a chance to be silly? What's wrong with me? A little bit silly, right? Right. Think that I don't do that. So 32 years a low point on the scale, on the Richter scale. Now you're confident. I'm going to get down because like I told you, I'm going to have like a brought where she's something for lunch and then software the dentist. Right. No, no, no, no, no. And when you come back from the dentist you're like, jaw, like, uh, and you certainly don't want to eat, you know. So maybe I'll get a little one super something like that and watch it down. That's good. I'm thinking tomorrow, maybe one 70's. Certainly by Wednesday at the very latest by Wood by Wednesday. Okay, now what that's what? That's great. One point because I got down to 170 in when I'm talking 75. Of course, I was a lot younger and now I just got flat, you know, this purpose is Flabby because you think I'm doing exercise? Oh, brother. I'm right in the bike. Yeah. Yeah, sure. So I'm thinking now like more like 160, you know, because it's not back then it was like almost a little bit toned and I was doing exercise back and back in the day and 70. It was a hundred pounds in a year. And then of course, like everybody else, I found it. So God. Well, hey, hey, haoray, haoray, haoray, haoray, haoray. I don't know how badly or something. Isn't once you're taken free. Where, where, where, where could I know it? I'm ringing up right now. We are moving by two for a man. Our mindset is very selfish, true for the tasty guy's. Let's vre like the filthy city of Mejkoi And I die, though to share very awkward Lots of You take Gushampram, externally Ghost skies. We are Moon and Knights from the inner core of the Moon. We are the Moon and Knights. And our culture is advanced beyond all that you can possibly comprehend with 100% of your brain. How right, the world is coming to an end of the Moon and Knights of Landon. Thousands of people are in the pool. Something interesting, another type of piece of chuzzle-erai. Yes. Is they seen Egypt chuzzle-erai? You know what chuzzle-erai is? Yeah, stuff. Yeah, a cramp. But you know what chuzzle is? Chuzzle is like a free loader like a snorr. No. Chuzzle is a pig. Oh, okay. And so like if somebody is like a glutton or a glutton or a glutton for punishment, like a glutton if a table like? Like if somebody is eaten everybody's piece or something. Glow or be a chuzzle. Oh, for me? Grrrr. Chuzzle. But a chuzzle tickle means a pig. How about this past this long because we're teaching you this to go in of there? Sort of important service. Thousands, 71, Tally's on the pool. There's busy doing it. They want to get from one back into the next. Maybe by two o'clock a lot of you can move up in the hit parade loader. And do you want to play that thing? Oh, I really, really do. Well, go for it. What way, in a minute? What? Okay, what? That's why I don't want to touch you. You don't want to touch them. I want you to be famous. Do I really be famous? Time for a cup of coffee, be fair, animals, time for Christ's things. Listen, they want to come to some day. They want to be... They want to buy ones in there and they want to wear mothers' name of it. And they want to give them their tools. Oh, now they're buying their job. Stop. And then they become into this. How I want to earn my spend with you without you on my back. I want those ones out of the strength. No. More, more. Yeah, no. No. No. No. Just this one. So let you ask me about my business game. Just this one. I don't know why they're making a tea. Yeah, I'm going to say it. No. No. Is it true, Michael? No. He's so good at scary. Nobody made that damn awful movie. They sent a woman. Is it? Because he kept going. I'm going to be there. I didn't even ask you for that. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. You think all the grave movies has been, and then he's been in a couple like Cruising, which is one of the worst pieces he's been in history. And he said that he regretted that we're having done it. And then of course, a set of a woman. What about gay friends? Maybe watch that movie. What's that? Cruising? Oh, I'm so sorry. Thought it was spark something or something. Yeah, when you finish watching that movie, you'll say, Mancorders write about them. Bagus. Okay, let's play that third thing. And I won't stop again. Maybe I won't let it go. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome aboard. This is a section 8. Flight, but he found an airway. Please check your ticket at this time to make sure your onboard to write air pray. Okay. If you're speaking to someone. And you is taking your seat today. We would like you to pay attention up here to the front, play me. And your here in our district. You look at high-enders. Also assist me in the camera today. You should make it the need as a queen of Anita and Miss Ron. And we don't know where sexual orientation is. Miss Ron is. But what are the genes? Which of the eggs are which you be seeing? So they've provided us on a Mac.Aberry. In the 404 air craft. It's a definitely strategic hand. If we run in the 80 problem on the aircraft today. The upper captain is Reverend Cleo. This gentleman who is also passed the Mac and Amy in the ablation congregation. And he is assisted today by the Camaro Club. And we want to welcome him into the spirit of the Lord. There is some gentleman in it. Come to our attention. We have a celebrity on today's flight. Let's give it up and put your hands together for the complex. Look at that tell us of Miss Latoya Jackson. Who is flying? First class with us today. We've got a lot of people. I would like to find out the regulations to remind that all farms These are careless dogs for the duration of the flight tonight to know all of it. We need to update our information. Listen, gentlemen, we are your cabin crew. It's pleased to serve you. Do not hesitate to ask for assistance. However, the story is, do not appreciate it. People are feeling up on their legs. They are feeling up on their legs. In the end, they are very changed. But out into oxygen, legs were dropping from your face. These actions are child to remain seated in all times. And apply their legs after you have applied your own legs. We exist to stand to do not spill things on our carpet. It is not yet paid. Listen, gentlemen, if you look to the back of the aircraft, you will notice that it is a restaurant. But your convenience located in the back and one up here in the front. It is a one in the front. It is one birth class only. Thank you. Please note that the blue water will not dissolve in here. But if you are all the individuals and none of this we got some old people up in here today. How young are we? We execute these issues. Disgression and do not attempt to flesh it. This flows behind the ramen. On the opposite airways. If you choose to smoke, that is the worst. Your business in the airland and not be responsible. If the white folks on the ground find out about it. The sub-protectors in the restaurant has been disconnected for your convenience. But we still have to squeeze it out so cold up in here. I will fight time today. Whenever we get there we get there. And just time, please be seated and excuse me to the slave down here in row 13B. I will count my half-dax to remove your hand as if my late FPSA regulations. Okay. One final reminder today, I will aircraft is not a church. The combination of liquor and alcohol is not the same as getting happy. I want to announce also we do not allow any loud talking up in here. We appreciate you flying with us today. We exit you sit back and ask you to see where you know how to do that flying. Go tell you that the ignorance you need to get off the plane. We hope you enjoy your flight today. Now sit down, sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit down and sit. Here we go. There you go. There you go. You got it? I am. Oh good. I am glad I am there because I have gotten going to post it right now on our my space page. Angie Simba whatever her she puts the sentence a lot. Yeah, she is great. She is great. Angie, thank you. And she's got a picture of man cool. You will flip your lid when you see this. But wait, why don't you have a little bit of a hot guy friends. I am jealous, Joe. But thanks for the picture. But anyway, so I just put it on there and it should be right on the main and it should not be already because instantly goes there. Let me just take a look and see if it is up here. Uh, let's see. Where all the count where the hell is that? Well, what page does all those comments go to? The one profile main profile page. The main profile page. The one with the Marlon Brando. Yeah. Oh, well, just run all of it, please. Because I want to make sure it's on there because when you see this, if you in a middle lunch by the way, don't look at it. It's a rather anorexic main code or oh, there it is. Thank you, Angie. That being the best. Peace ball. Come back. Come out. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come, listen from me so that it's not aOn case. Let's play music. Inst Sabbath. It's shut 35 60. What does that mean? diferentes. The end of the prayer. Walk up to Aura Noya. Mel regrets about whatever. A Vers9. Why deny it speech. It's a Lion. And they say I mean. I mean. So anyway, I get a message from one of my correspondence on there and we've got 1248 members on the friends. space page and about the black for he's also been having issues. Yeah, I don't know. I had a lot of angry that many issues with it until over the weekend and boy was a just a little nasty. What? Nevertheless, they do happen. They have issues. Those issues. And he says that the trio he hears good things about. Now one of my, in fact, I think when I was down there a couple of months ago, my financial back in December, Christmas time. And my financial advisor I had lunch with him and he was telling me he has a trio where he was, and I said, I never even heard of that. You know what I think about that? How about you? I don't know. The trio, they're great. They really are. The ads look good. I know a couple people that have them. They say they're great. It's an actual handheld computer. Another word as opposed to it does a few things like the sidekick that I have. Does a few things. The blackberry does a few other things. This thing does everything that a computer does. Really? Yeah. Kind of like a great six partner does everything. Yes. Nice. But anyway, so I guess I better look into that. And I don't know. You see what I don't understand is that if you have these devices, for example, my blackberry is within with Rogers wireless, which Rogers here, not they have everything. They got the cable. They got your telephone. They got your wireless handheld. They got the stadium. They used to be the skydome is not a Rogers center. Well, it's beautiful. The Rogers center right next to us is the CN Tower, which is the tallest free standing building in the world. Do you know that? No, I didn't. Yeah. Yeah. It's the tallest free standing building in the world. And they can take the elevator and go all the way up to the top and look over it. And they can look right across Lake Ontario. And probably see, oh my god, that's where it done. It bombs used to be. There's one deal with two elementary school, right in the high, right in the whatever one. Whatever. But with that picture is beyond belief. The man called her one. Yeah. That's identical. That is. Everybody has got my space. It's one of our friends or even if you need something a little something to it. It's different. It's different. And we posted it on there. It's right on the top comment. Scroll down to it and take a look at that. Although it isn't a little lunch hour, I'm going to warn you ahead of time. I mean, I always have to warn you about adult content. This isn't adult content. It's just the inauguration. It's great. Oh, man. We can only pray that that happens to her by the end of the day today. So what I was going to say is that when you have a contract with a company with a wireless company and then you change instruments, so to speak, see, I have the idea how that works. You follow what I'm saying? That's fine. What? Well, in other words, you can keep the same number right, same phone number. Correct. Yes. Right. Would you have to start all over again inside a brand new contract or would you just usually do, yeah? I see. I mean, not that that's such a big deal. I mean, a big shooter like me, I could probably handle that. I mean, this thing I haven't had a whole lot of problems with the boy. When your life is spinning before your eyes is not a good thing. And then of course, there was one message out there from Friday afternoon from about four o'clock Friday afternoon. In fact, I'm sure it's still in here. And it comes on Sunday and the message was about four o'clock and it comes on with all these other ones. You know, the guy in the tech guy told me they get cute up. I thought he meant screwed up. This is double they get cute up and a lot of times they'll come pouring through. And that's what they did. And let's see. What is this one regard to a sweet thru-toria? But anyway, oh, from four to 10 on Friday and it comes through a four to 10 on Sunday. Not my idea of like instant communication of what I had in mind. So we'll see. I'll get you back to dead as a door nail. It says this is an ancient expression we have a reference to this dating back to 1350. I know I was old by the noise at all. And it also appears in the 14th century worth the vision of Pierce Pumman and in Shakespeare's Hemmy the fourth. Another expression of rather later date is that is a harring, I guess the Jews use that one, because most people only saw harring when they were long dead and preserved. The other symbolies with the same meaning such as dead as a mutton or dead as a stone. Oh yeah, dead as a rock. But why particularly a door nail, rather than just an annual nail, could have been because of the repetition of sounds and the much rather rhythm of the phrase compared with the version without door? Almost certainly the euphany has caused the phrases of our longer than the alternatives I've quoted. This is from Clyde Hathaway, some crap online. Who did somebody send the center? You got it. Yes. It says the phrase has caused for, there's could be something special about door nail. The usual reason, given as that door nail was one of the heavy-studded nails, speaking of the studs, on the outside of a medieval door, possibly that the phrase refers to a particularly big one. Oh, and which is not the rest of it. A door nail because of its size and probable antiquity would seem dead enough for any problem. The one in which the knockers that might be particularly dead because of the number of times it would not have been a head. Kind of like no, not on the head. Oh, it did to him. But William and Mary Morris, in the more stationary of word and phrase origins, quote a correspondence about a new point out that it could come from a standard term in copy and degree. If you hammering the L through a piece of timber and flatten the end of the inside so it can't be removed, a technique called clenching, the nail is said to be dead because you can't use it again. I see. I didn't know. Exactly what they're talking about. Sure. Dorn as would very probably have been subjected to this treatment of extra strength in the years before screws were available. Oh, if there were screws available, how come we're still here? So they were dead because they've been clenched. It sounds plausible whether it's right or not, we'll probably never know. It's one of those great mysteries about dead as a freaking dorn nail. I'd like to, I thought the first time they used it was to describe self-floor the dead as a dorn nail. But what do I know? I'm pretty deduced. Okay, how are we doing on our survey now? So are you recommend that pop the palm fields that would just help me as better than the blackberry? I haven't even got to see it. That's when I get some call. Well, maybe we'll get some calls from people who have to get idea. Or maybe use both. I wish I could say I'm probably blind to let it go. I don't want to have that ever happen again. It's a very frustrating. I mean, and like I said, suppose you're broker. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Well, I don't know that you had probably has nothing to do with the device, but rather the service. So had I known that that's not what the guy told me. Well, nevertheless. Because I assume because they had all kinds of weather issues and they had to be courting on there Saturday morning about well because of ice storm and wind storm and but it would put up in Markham and as a result, there are a lot of promising emails and messages and receiving, et cetera. And it was sending, but it wasn't receiving. My message is we're going out okay, but I had no way of knowing if anybody responded because there were no messages incoming. Spastic is what I say. Yeah, I explained the whole sad scenario too. And like I said, suppose you're broker, said you were a message on there because I do get my emails under two and like you never got it. And it was like, oh gee, there's a stock for 40 cents that I can put like 50 grand and you'll have 40 million dollars in a week. And it was like that. And then you got the next day. Now here it just buzzed right here and it's about some pills. And I guarantee you know what pills this is going to guarantee what is going on. Yeah, let's guess. Why don't I say it all about? I mean, why don't we keep getting these? Oh yeah, ED. It erectile dysfunction. Exactly. It's almost like 2 AM with our spots. Not sure gambling and erectile dysfunction. 118 is 10,000,000,000 serving, not too bad. So maybe we'll get a call or two about the trio and then again, maybe not to notice. In fact, we're going to respond. Maybe when the break is done, we'll get something really useful on here that we can stink to our teeth and do. 20 to 1 at QAM. Howard David's a bitch. You've been working on it since you've been getting that you're ready to sit down. Oh. Well, I don't want to show you what I think ass and I wish to hear him help. He gets done giving advice. He's going to put it up to fill my begging hands. It's amazing. And now, James, I love to be coming back. I've tried it considering a little bit of a counter-ed. If you want to know what I'll say, get a chance to get out of here. Why? That's easy. Okay. You. Oh, you've been eating a small bite. I think that the fire, what you need is a small bite. And I can't let go of the fish and the show. It's a real cold. I love you, baby. You're going to eat a little. I think you're all trying to watch only that you think they can't. I'm just saying that my ratings have gone around in this night. I'm just saying you have to re-lub these two and it's gay instead of a wood. And we get... Yeah. Oh, you've been too slow. How can I get rid of all your fingers slow? And you're going to get rid of your fingers slow. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. You have a bite of the way. You can't check. Hold me. It can be this. It's okay. Oh, no. It's okay. It's okay. It's just like old times. Just like those bad old times. No. We sure miss it. Oh, no. Don't let go of your giant tumor on your brain. 265, 60WC. I'm going to be one on your elbow. So when do I get a email here from Moissie who says about the trio? Yes. You know, our mutual friend Moissie, he's just... Your just right. It's a network thing. And not so much a device thing. But they put it on the device instead of the network. Stay away from the trio. It says, Oh, wow. Well, that's what he says. All right then. So stay away from him. Then there's another message where he says, My team-ovaled dash is a Windows based and never gives a beat. What does that mean? Oh, team-oval has another version of the trio. It's not a palm trio per se. But there are other devices that do the same thing that aren't on it. You said, My Crank for me? Correct. Then my sidekick. Now the words all inclusive and health-peater type things. Well, like I said, the folks were ringing off the hook before the break. And now that I'm ready to talk about it. Well, you know, once that 45 minute delay catches up, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 6th of the rise in singular riddle slime. Of course, the line nine is the one that's ringing. Always a very short call. Q, A, M. Low? Yes, sir. I'll come in. And we'll call online, I can't believe it. Yes, sir. This is a real call. All right. I called in. I wanted to talk to you about a movie I run this weekend. Yeah. God, I got me to call him. It's not there. But it's called Noah's Crossing, did you ever see it? Yeah, I have seen that. It's a mob movie, right? Right. Was the Irish mob or was the tell him mob? And they take the guy out there in the woods like they're going to shoot him and write. I have to get exactly what they'll happen. But I do remember that, yeah. I would tell him, it would not have been very stunning, but I had a lot of funny scenes. I enjoyed it. And this is a call and brother's movie, the Fargo guys. Right. Anyway, well, I would probably might have a new one. I have no movie, but I'd never seen it. And it was just something different. It's very hard to find any good movie out there right now. That's her damn sure, man. But at first time, power and also, I'm from Caledonian, New York, Brooklyn. Wow. What is perfect? It's not always perfect. It's not always only a kid in the day with all the same crab man. It's all a freezing light the end of the world. My grandfather used to take me over to the track all the time because one of the kid, you know, you got to. You got to think of your legs? The Guinness Walk. Oh yeah, I think of your legs. Wow. I was there the day it opened, 1963. I was there opening day. He would probably do it with it. Never catch the ticket. Okay, pal, thanks a lot. Good to talk to you guys. See you. I'll see you guys in real Call of Line 9. Are you excited about that little model? WQAM, hello. QAM. Almost a D.C. What I want, what's most important to me is that I have a guarantee. No more attempts on my father's life. What guarantees can I give you Mike? I am the hunted one. I'm the hunted one. That's right. I'm a spriteshane. Ha ha ha ha ha. Let's just do. I got a good idea. Let's do it all recite the whole dialogue of all. This could take care of the whole rest of my contract. Next two years. We'll start at the beginning. Actually, I didn't even demand it. I've never been in a Call. That's right. And I see it. It opened. He's seen his so dark things. Really. He just screened you know. And there's bonus. Oh, bonus. Bonus. Hmm. Never invited me to your house for a couple of coffee. He didn't want to be. You didn't want my friendship. Be my friend. Be my friend. That's my dad. God. Father. Kiss my ring and kiss my thing whatever. 5 6705 60. Palm five 60. I think Verizon see your world sign. See another. We're looking about information about the trio and the Blackberry and a sack. You know, blueberry, blueberry Hill. Don't be playing that. All right, do like that. W 2 A M. Hello. See nothing. W 2 A M. Hello. Well, that word is. You need to say. W 2 A M. Hello. See this is doing the same tricks. Okay. Hello. Where's my me? Welcome to my am hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I just was watching the godfather a couple months ago when I happened to turn on the audio commentary by Francis Ford Coppola. Yes. And he was saying he was really miserable during the shooting of the movie because he was really a nobody and they kept wanting to fire him. And now the scene at stage him was the restaurant scene where Michael shoots. So lots of one McCloskey. Right. And it was funny because he said at one time he went into the bathroom and he was in a stall. And he heard you guys come in and they of course he was a nobody and they were like, so what do you think of this director? I mean he's a real a-hole this guy. He said he was totally miserable during the shoot and it's just a miracle that this film was made. He insisted on Fuccino for the role of Michael because the other people were connected with the making of the movie were adamant. They didn't want any part of him. He was an unknown and he was adamant. He was a- About the filmmaker didn't like the shots that Coppola was suggesting like in the restaurant scene. The shot they show you from the front door. You're looking sort of down at the table from a- Right. And he said the filmmaker didn't really like that. He would say solid filmmaker and he didn't like Coppola's suggestions and of course they turned out to be brilliant. Absolutely. Okay. Have a good day. Thanks, pal. Thank you, bonus friends all the nice side of the screen. That's right. That's exactly what he did. I like when McCloskey was writing the middle reading a piece of the deal with the vise in the city. I know. Well, what did you wait until he chewed that last night? And he did. He never got a chance to chew it before. Oh, so- Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He started gagging out a little bit. WM, hello. QAM. QAM. Deal. Hi. Yes. How are you? I'm also, you were talking about earlier about the TV shows greatest hit. I mean, not the TV, but the TV's so- Right. That was all left. Right. They did a tribute last night off to that guy from the passport. Alan, I forgot his last name now. Alan Ludden. Alan Ludden. That's not what he said. But if any of you like to stop, any of you like, which is beard? He was weird. He was beard. I was beard. He was married to her, but I mean, she was his beard. Well, I guess he doesn't understand what that means. In other words, he was a... Yeah. And then I'm very good authority. I've thought of that 80 million times that Bill Colter worked with Alan Ludden with WM, he was in Boston a hundred years ago. And he was, uh... Yeah. Well, I'm not supposed to say anything wrong with that. Right. Five, six, seven, all the way in Colter would say. F***! F***! She probably would do that. All she looked into good net one picture there today. No. I could have been any calls about this thing. Maybe these people are off slupper's out there. And they can't, they don't got no trio or a... Blueberry or blackberry. I don't understand that. I mean, they're out there. They're out there. They could call us on there on their trio. They're out there lurking in the woodwork, but they don't want to respond to my question. I mean, it's not that big of a deal, but I just want to have that happening, like, a thoroughly off, and you know, it's not a real good idea. Yeah. Well, if it's case, a service thing. Five, six, seven, all five, sixty, pound five, sixty in the Verizon singular, wireless line. WM, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I just want to let you know, I say straight people. Take it from this Guarnau, my call would pay you hold on this. Thank you. Okay. WM, hello. Q, I am. Hello, Neil. Yes? I've got it, chair, but in my, yeah. Well, good. Congratulations. Five, six, seven, all five, six, seven, one more ten. I'm going to go back to my pile because I've not seen something that's either capable of discussing intelligence. We read it stupidly or want to respond to a book. We're just talking for a little help the information here. A week, yes. I mean, you're telling me the trio is great, and everybody moistened, it sucks and stayed a whole away from it. And then he answered, and I think it looked great. Now the work when you see it. He looked great. The children are never going to have a lot of things that in life. I look great. Then you get your hands out like, oh, geez. You know, I thought good and have one, but I wish I had bought one because this thing sucks. Sorry. Q, I am. Hello. Good morning. Welcome, Carter. Nickel rent number after an unsr dej Going to the executive. And it's just beginning. And the uh, the Lambda number the school is closed the doors so hey, and we are going to have that five year Vaccination circle you. comes to come in you can't get them. Right, that's exactly what happened to me. It might be a part of my function, but do not get the psychic or the trio. They're a wannabes. Okay, thanks, Paul. I've got to say. Okay, well there's two, two that say stay away from that trio man. Stay away from it. All right. Run away. If somebody's a sticks into your face, run away in the trio too. Yeah. That's right. Somebody sticks it anywhere near you. 1139 on the survey. How many sex partners have you had sex with me in your lifetime? 11 to 20, 12. Well, a lot of these people are with you. But you know, like I said, over a period of time, they could all be 100 years old. I mean, you know, a letter would be like one of the nine years, right? A record. 2 to 500 89. 6 to 100 E4. 21 to 30 112. 31 to 50 95. 51 to 194. Over 100, number stood 61. Yeah, over 100, but if I'm a stud boy, good luck to the human race. One, six to 51. I still think they're talking about themselves. Over 100, I'm a slot 46. None 27. I'm a priest, God only owes 24. I hate this pool 23. And what is sex? 21. I'm sure I could probably name everyone of them. The world is so loud. If anybody has a opinion, oh, this sentient from our way. We'll play your name and food as soon as the... I tend to be of this day. Don't even talk about who quads now. Just try to hold those things. Everybody's turning fast. It's not just you, it's saying. In the eyes of the things we hear, you're watching all of you. Everyone got such a shame. So that's what you do. This has the formation. And all you might love. You're the one who's in for this other land. They're the one who's in for this land. I have to say. You gotta hate those who. And listen to them, if I roast you. Believe everything we pay. And the same one you. Blood war for comfort. We love your husband. A roving, tiny bush, baby. Back as to yesterday. We don't find you see our job, though. A bad amount of these boots. We're passing a night by jail. We're going to be so stupid. All the war is within the scene. The fact is that it's in vain. Everybody's turning fast. It's a bad amount of things. One out to it five sixty. Everybody comes. The trio is down the tube. Down the tube. All right. So far. Don't sound too good. How about you? How about the polio? Yes, sir. Speaking. I've never called you in 20 years. But this is the only reason I can call the trio. Really? That's really, really bad. It's not a phone. It tries to be a phone. Yeah. It's not worth it. Okay. Thanks, Pally. Talk to you in 20 years. Here it comes. Yeah. Now you don't feel so bad that you can get that trio that you want. Because so far we've had eight million calls and an email or two. They're in the sucks. The trio. I like my blight for. I don't have any problem with my crackberry. But you know, it had issues. And that was my point. I'm not so much talking about the device. I'm just talking about the technology. I'm very sure your issues had to do with the service. Regardless of what they say. But that's not what the guys will need. Yeah. No complaints. But it would be better to boot put them off. And who does he work for? Larger's wireless. He's a tech guy. Exactly. Or what do you mean who does he work for? Well, what does that exactly? Well, what does that mean? Why would he admit that? No. It's their technology. Why would he lie to me if they had some problem in the system they never lie about? That would be the point. In addition, which if the problem was in the system, how was he able within like 60 seconds? I opened up the back. I took the battery out and he told me way to few seconds. I put it back in. And I saw the thing authorizing came on a couple of times. And then he sent me a text message and came. I said, okay, you're all set. And I was. So if was the system he couldn't have done. Unless he's got a magic wand. Frank Richard's got a really good calm here. And he rips Hillary an ass and is rivily. So it's very long. Am I taking me this whole half hour? Oh, no, Neil. Yes, it's going to have to be a too far to a harder. I think. He says, bring back the politics of personal destruction. Frank Richard in New York Times is really great. Do I dare you with this or what? Do I? I'm going to do it now. I'll do it now. Okay, I'll do it now. If you had to put a date on when the Iraq War did in the Bush administration will be delayed summer 2005. This one, the bungalow federal response to Hurricane Katrina re-enacted the White House bungling of the war. This time with Americans is the principal victims. The stuff happening on Brownie's watching New Orleans was recognized as the same stuff that happened on rum spells watching Baghdad. Tell him his viewers connected the dots and the prisons pull numbers fell into the 30s. 30s. There they've largely remained elicent till Friday when the latest New York Times E.V. has this pulled from the 29. Now this pattern is repeating itself a serious re-enactment of the Iraq War's lethal mismanagement is playing out in the home front. Again, with potentially great political consequences, the Washington Post-Ansposed Ahead of the squad or Walter Reed Army Medical Center, where some of our most grievously wounded troops were treated less like patients than the T.N.E.s. has kicked off the same spiral of height of a lying and brain shifting that followed FEMA's Katrina's answers. Just as the tobacco on the Gulf was a call to arms for NBC's Brian Williams and CNN's Anderson Pooper, so the former ABC anchor Bob Woodruff as we turn from his own near-death experience in Iraq to champion wounded troops left down by the government. And not just to Walter Reed, his powerful ABC news-pricialized week on Earth both a systemic national breakdown in Veterans Medical Care and a cover-up. The Veterans Affairs Department keeps two sets of books. One telling the public that the official kind of non-fatal, fatal, a battle field catch will be seen in the American Afghanistan stands at 23,000, the other showing an actual patient counter 205,000. Why did a script and see a new Brownie, Jim Nicholson, the former Republican National Committee hack, whom President Johnson and President Johnson, President Bush installed as editor-in-chief of the various secretary, tells Mr. Woodruff a lot of them coming for dental problems. Yet 2007 is not 2005, and little more damage can be inflicted on the Lane Duck Bush White House, the long-wetting Iraq catastrophe is now poised to mowed on a second generation of political prey. Presidential hopefuls are my destroying the challenge Bush War policy when it counted and didn't. That list starts with a candidate's long regarded as their party's 2008 favorites, John McCain and Hillary Clinton. Senator McCain, who on-light Clinton, through of it may support the war and the surge, is morbidly aware of his predicament. This once a boolean politician, I sure of the abunden guy in here that, this once abunden politicians have been off his game since they can speak to Mercedes-Benz and where meet the press appearance. Last Thursday, he had a publicly apologised after time David Letterman, in an unguarded moment of genuine straight talk that American lives are being wasted in Iraq. Barack Obama had already spoken the same truth and given the same pro-form apology. Last week, a Washington Post ABC News poll confirmed Mr. McCain's worst political fears, Rudy Giuliani now leads him to the monomun Republicans, a tripling of Giuliani's late in a single month. Mr. Giuliani is also a war supporter, even contributed a brownie of his own to the mask of the now-to-script that out of the scraped Bernie Kerrick, who helped the box to the training of the Iraqi police. But unlike McCain, Mr. Giuliani isn't dog by questions about Iraq. To voters his war history begins and ends with the war against the enemy, then actually attack America 9-11. He wasn't a cheerleader for the subsequent detour into Iraq. Wasn't an office once the war started and actively avoid speaking about it in any detail. But makes Giuliani's rise especially starving is that his liberal views and messy personal history are thought to make him a non-started with his own party faithful. These handicaps haven't kicked in and the bill on the Abelway explanation has it because the United Republican voters don't yet really know that America's mayor once married a cousin when they described himself as pro-choice. But perhaps these voters aren't as ignorant as Washington thinks, after they claim out to Tom Delay, Bill Fris, Rick Santor, and Ralph Reed, other Bible-something politicals who threw themselves on the orders of Terry Shival, or Jack Abramoff, may be most Republicans could use arrest from the moral brigade. Maybe these voters too care more about the right of life of troops thrust into Iraq's civil war than of discarded embryos used in STEM cell research. The same cultural dynamic is playing out among Democrats though Mrs. Clinton doesn't seem to know it. Hope for a number two are showing erosion some of it because Mr. Obama is growing profile of my African Americans, but some of it in the time survey after it does up with the Hollywood tycoon David Gaffin. Most Washington hands the fair Mrs. Clinton the winner in that's bad because she had forced Mr. Obama office high horse of hope, but there's no evidence to support that theory. In the real world most Americans don't know who Mr. Gaffin is. There wasn't even any video of him to run on hardball with a Clinton campaign spokesman Jim Kramer asked, hi-public, made him look threatened by Mr. Obama's rising popularity. The most revealing aspect of the answer was not an AKC who's up whose down partnerships for a primary process some time and so way, whether it was the fruber with which the Clinton campaign accused Mr. Gaffin and Mr. Obama have practising the politics of personal destruction. There's over the top reaction seeing detached from the reality almost as if the Clinton campaign were now savagely wishing it could re-fight the last political war and once they uncover cloverly tell the old impeachment nemacees. But that battle may not be in the often and attack Clinton rage is cooled and the Clinton hitting industry able to use to be. As the times he poured last month even Richard Melon's scape who bankled much of the vast right when conspiracy has moved on. As with Mr. Julianne's marital history any scandalous new revelation about the Clinton's private lives might play out less mindlessly in post-9 level of America than it didn't last century. You can't blame the Clinton campaign for praying and had Kenny star on the American spectator to kick around again. It would be easier to fight that war than confront the one in Iraq, far easier. Senator Clinton's words about the war still don't parse when I made this point previously a Clinton ally phone to say that whatever the senator is a rack statement he's an exceptionally smart and capable leader by any presidential standard. I agree in besides the rack is the only issue in 2008 but a rack will overshadow every candidate and every other subject as long as the war grinds gruesomely on whether in Baghdad or to be a hospital. The issue is not that Mrs. Clinton voted for the war authorization in 2002 or that she refuses to probably mistake in 2007. Those are footnotes. The larger issue is judgment then and now. Take her most persistent current formulation on Iraq. Obviously if we knew that what we know now she said there wouldn't have been a vote and I certainly wouldn't have voted that way. It's fair to ask new what then. Not everyone was so easily misled by the White House's manipulated intelligence propaganda campaign. Some of our fellow leaders in Washington not just Mr. Obama and Illinois not just Al Gore out of power. New plenty in the fall of 2002. Why didn't she? Bob Graham then said intelligence committee chairman was publicly and privately questioning the WMD intelligence so as Nancy Pelosi. Chuck Hagle warned that the war was understaffed that an Iraqi distraction by cause Afghanistan to go down again and that's the top thing of the bottom could be followed by chaos. Joe Biden can be in hearings to one of the perils of an ill put plan post-satimer rack. Some of these politicians ended up voting to authorize the war exactly as Mrs. Clinton did like Hagle and Biden. Some didn't. But all of them and the others as well asked tougher questions and exerted more leadership. John Edwards by the way did not. He was as trigger-happy about speeding up the war authorization then the time has come for decisive action he said. As he has been whole about withdrawal now despite being an intelligence committee member when Mr. Graham sounded alarms about the Bush administration's WMD claims. Another fair question is what Mrs. Clinton learned once the war began even in the summer 2003 after the insurgency has started after the WMD had failed to materialize after the White House had retracted the president's 16 words about uranium from Africa more than two months after Michigan accomplished it failed to win major combat operations. Mrs. Fibonth told a reporter with the daily news James Gordon Meep. To reiterate that you have no second thoughts about the war. Mr. Meep first wrote about this July 14, 2003 conversation in December 2005. What was that with this smart woman really believed then or just a political calculation. Either way she made a judgment and she won't be able to spend month after month explaining you the way to voters with glib lawyer Lee statements. The politics of personal destruction so they actually visit the Clinton's once more will not take a circus mind off the politics of mass destruction in Iraq. I've got it all done and one sitting there. Nice reading the excellent job reading those bedtime stories since the show of Frank Wix and the other time trying to rip it up and too much of was to do it. Let them see that that suspicious package. There are a lot of suspicious packages on self-meat the situation is getting like. There are two Miami cops with a hot doobing. There are the streets fighting cry. They fought. They came to face there. They're dead. They're dead. They're dead. They're dead. They're dead. They're dead. They're dead. They're dead. They're dead. They're dead. They're dead. They're dead. They're dead. They're dead. They're dead. They're dead. They're back and down. Let's go get him. How do you tell him? Clean up this car. They'd light it. You can't cross here. You'll have to cross in the line there. They'd determine we clean up this was your business. All right. Sister you're under arrest. Oh so now you're arresting my wife, what's the charge? Station about it. I'm going to first see that white stuff. Yeah. Just I'm not. Got a runner bag then hear. Over. waitin' low. That restaurant you just came out of. Let's take a minute. Let's take a minute. I'm here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here in this small one. M.B.Z. Which reminds me of Saturday, Rosenberg, you dead yet or what? WQAM. Hello. K.W. Q.AM. So, there's a fee like you pass the lead by. Excellent. Okay, let's take a look at this thing. It just came in here. It's speaking of stuff on your black bring. Payola settled. I'm coming from CBS and K.R.C.M. I'm coming to the comments of the bill. It says inside radio. It's a long-distance of recent rumors, but the package between these four groups and the FCC. Reportedly, before today, by the AP, is extensive and includes a combined payment of 125-minute, and I'm sorry. Twelve-and-a-half-minute. There's a dot. What's dot? Twelve-and-a-half-minute and bucks. And 8-400-half hours of free-ear, time for independent labels and local artists. Stations with also attractive dealings with the labels under a new set of rules of engagement, reach with the American Association of Independent Music. That exciting or what? No, no. Not all that's really. But there it is from inside radio. Payola, what's that? How can we never get offered any graph? That's what I'd like to know. Really? Trying to think all the years that I've been on. Now, I remember one time, the late Larry Kid, that was at INZ. Larry was the real. I mean, it was a sales guy. He was strange. A sales guy talked, we can talk, host, whatever. Huge guy. Dragonic. And one night, I'm waiting to, you know, it was about seven o'clock. I was working at 8-19. And he comes in. We were sitting in one of the offices at INZ and he says to me, need some money? That's what I'm saying. Really? Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Yeah. And I said, well, what are you talking about? He said, he holds up three fingers, three bills. I said for one. And it took us some guests down here to plug some money out to plug some of my product or some craft that he was plugging out. I don't think so, Larry, not a good idea, you know. For 300 bucks, I'm going to throw all these years down the toilet. Not that there was a little bit of shady stuff going on. Wow. We are. Need some money? WQAM. Hello. Hello. QAM. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yeah. So, how about giving the pet us some credit for getting no money from this bird? Yeah. Oh yeah. I do a man for that to have a dated Robert's bag of some credit, dude. Yeah. Give us some credit, dude. Yeah. Yeah, they're going to make a point off. Yeah. I mean, they've been on a run here lately. They want a few games in a row. They're going to make a plug off. Oh, highly unlikely for the 8-19-0. Give the pet us like we talk hockey on the show. No. Call up Jolly, okay? No. What a call. Jesus. God Almighty. 560. 560 in a Verizon singular world of time. But we know they're all the cause we had about what's there worth that many of mine. I'm shocked. I thought they've been a zooning up and they wouldn't you? I would have thought. But they were not. But they were anybody mentioned trio. They said, ah, unclean. No touch it. They'll go near it. Don't do the trio. What they all said. There wasn't anybody anything good to say about it. Was there? Nope. Well, how do you like that? WQAM. Hello. Oh, and look at that. Did two for what? Two with the one finger. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. Yes. Hello. I got to the deal. Speaking. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Oh, anyone? I got to change my diaper. I'm driving very difficult. Okay. Ha ha ha ha. Oh. There you go. It's South Florida, baby. Oh, oh, oh. You're a tooth and packaging, Mary. WQAM. Hello. I just changed my pants while driving. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Yes. Neil. Yes. What are the dolphins doing, man? Because I just saw something. What are you talking about? One of the dolphins. What do I care about the freaking dolphins? Is this a sports show? No. I just want to know if you know. Are you listening to this show? Do you listen to this show? I just, yes, I listen to you show every other. Is this a sports show? No. What do I care about the freaking dolphins? What do I care about the dolphins? Did they sign Brady or Conde? Did they sign Brady or Conde? They sign Brady or Conde? Miami. Did they sign Brady or Conde? Conde. No. Not. Five year. Shmuck. WQAM. Hello. QAM. NLGM. They come. One may come about the straight man. I mean, they say you enjoy coming up right there. Yeah. The reason I think that there's a difference is that gay men don't find having sex with a woman kind of discussing, but I think straight men don't talk to you about it. Great. Yeah. You said, let me ask you something. Let me ask you a question. Sir, are you gay? I am not. How do you know how straight feel about having sex with a woman? I don't say I know. I don't believe. Where you wrong? You find a video about sex with a woman? The concept of it to me is so absolutely impulsive. It's just an no chance. I can't believe that. That's changing my opinion a little. But I think that's the big thing with straight men is that they find the sex and that sex with men. Not that. Yeah. I think that. I'm going to let you blow it up because over the weekend I thought about it again because during it we saw that once before and there was a answer to it and that is that the Kinsey thing. Not you know, you're dealing in black and white and absolute. Not everybody is 100% straight. Not everybody is 100% gay. They're the Kinsey skill. You're one of the six or whatever skating one. Those people are. Some people are. Some people are. Some people are totally. Some people are in between. Those people. Whatever. You know, there's the right. But there's our next president. There's Barack Obama on TV. We talked about him for days. Filming some of the blanks that were out there. I'm trying to hear. He is so impressive. That's his because I've liked him for a long time. Now, but he's just so impressive. That speech in someone's. That was asking him. That is correct. He is the. I can just see him debating Hillary Clinton. He. He. Oh, talk circles around that cool. Yeah, bitch, you know, that green. No time in the sucking. No contest. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Ola. Go already. New. Okay, sir. Oh, boy. Yeah. WQAM. Hello. What do you last in about that guy? Was it quite up for the Panthers? The name of the Wongo Ring. About you freaking idiot. Yeah, right. How's our soul doing by the way? Pan Todd worked for Tuzi for Tuzi. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, see you. The Discovery Channel last night. No, I didn't know. The two of Jesus. No. They found the bone box of Jesus Christ. You know, we talked about that story last week. We discovered it long before the Discovery Channel. And so it seemed like he's a real person. He's not, you know, in the son of the, he has text and thing. Not or anything. It's not. It's not. It's not. Okay. Thanks for the good news. I guess he just saw all the world's religious and dilemmas. The bones of Jesus. Oh, yeah. Holy moly. And bones. Then the drabos. They're not be pretty drab. I know. No. No. No. They really dry. Good. Golly Miss Molly. All these getks. What all these curried tails and all this nonsense. Say the religious mumbo jumbo for a Van Lingo mongo. That's my suggestion. You. 1190 most of them. And pull me got from 100 lead Chris and Chris is a salivating. Probably for like some more free food. We sing with you, act with Jesus, act with three. Absolutely. We got to go out and I know it's like to be. And you. Where's the go? Would you want it be in the show? Does your dog eat in your face? You want to win? This is your be a chance. But everyone laughs at your jacket and pants. You are boy. Jesus, don't you trade red. And then we make fun of you. You fix everything you do. It's because they say. Because you have a bad face. You're a little bit slow. We're just like you make this. No for one show. We only have the bloodsears. I'm in desperate ways. It's more like life. You're the drug one and it's drink. You have a bad face. But can we know why? You're under free show. Call the bear with you. I don't get half of that face. You have a bad face. You know. We can do it, buddy. Okay, 12-0-4. We got our 1200-crisis. Who is excited, man? He's still getting up in a dance to Kizanski right now. I'm writing it down. You're marking it down in your little diarrhea. Well, I figure I'll keep it so you can have some numbers to go for a new contract for. You can say this is how many people we have. You can say this is how many people we have. No, but the work, okay. Why didn't you throw that machete out? The one you saw in Topley. Because it was a cat-winter. I don't think what happened to me too sharp. The chop is head off at the neck. And now you feel like if you just mount his head right there on a counter in the other room. No, disgusting. Yeah. When is he so about how... What is he doing? What is he doing? Did he make up for his head? He said, don't steal. Why you? Yeah. Like I said, we're going to have to be really sharp because it's probably 85 or like players of fat. Can you only begin to imagine? And then you have to cut through those 16 shins. Come on, quick pick it on pork crisp. Just because he's a choppy baby. When this is so about how it's paneled today, that wounded US soldiers are off struggling against the nightmares of the Army Medical System that can't be trusted. And stands veterans and conditions of fit for anybody to live in. Two Iraq War of Veterans is a life of a third-gave heartbreaking, a time stunning tales of neglected the nanotrious water-read Army Medical Center. This is how we treat our soldiers. We give them nothing. So the nightmare cloud, why for a couple of winter McCloud, who received an injury to his head in the war, they're going to have to go and sacrifice their life and we give them nothing. You need to fix the system, she said. The panel was convened in the wake of a scandal triggered by the Washington Post and Post Detailing of Problems of the Hospital. Representative John Tira Terny, Chairman of the House of Committee on National Security and Foreign Affairs, called the Uncentitary Conditioned of Problems of Water-read of Hospital, appalling. Appalling is in fact. But we also realized that not only is it flag wrong, that's the tip of the iceberg, said Terny, Massachusetts Democrat, for too many occasions as soldiers of Water-read weight months, if not years, in sort of a limbo. And then they must navigate through broken administrative processes, and layers upon layers of bureaucracy to get their basic tasks accomplished. Major General George Whiteman, who do these included oversteam the facility before he was fired over the scandal, said, if fear that mistakes were made and that was in charge, we can't fail one of these soldiers of their families, not one, and we did. In other words, they suck. He ended, we didn't fully recognize the frustrating bureaucratic administrative process he somebody soldiers go through. We should have an eye, and this eye failed, he said. But nema Claw described him as a fall guy. Mr. Wyman and my opinion was just shoved into a situation that was already there, and because somebody had to be the fall guy, he was there, she said. The cloud said there has been a one point, but it's four months for the results of an important medical test. She said the Army refused to be announced that there has been separate a brain injury. He once told the military needed special help of certain school subjects. Well, then it's chopped off here. I'm doing the best I can do. It's over by accident. What's certain is school subjects when he was young, and now the Army is using that against him, she said. During earlier test and money, his soldier said he once lived in a recovery annex or water rediscovered the unfit hospital conditions. Who did Army specialist Jeremy Duncan told the family, spent some of his recovery in building 18, and X and X former motel used for water redar patients. Duncan said his room wasn't fit for anybody. And almost orders that come out of recovery have weaker immune systems. And black mole can do damage to people. He said, the holes in the walls, that wouldn't even live there if I had do we say it. After taking his complaints to the chain of command, nothing was fixed. Duncan said, that's what I contacted the Washington Post TV saying. As for happen after the first reported, what he had to say, Duncan replied, I was immediately removed from that room and the next day they were renovating the room. Duncan rejected recent public statements from some military officials that they were unaware of the problems. There is no way they couldn't have known. He said, I mean, everybody had a well known somewhere if they actually wanted to look at it or pay attention, believe me, it's up to them. As testimony began, Chaining was making a speech yesterday, the veterans have foreign wars. Saying that President Bush had made it clear, they'll be no excuses, only action. We're going to face the problems of water-read period change and he said, but it'd be better to put it about, right? Right. And how I feel about that vice president of yours, how do you feel? How do you feel? How do you feel? Trump, I've written 10 of those on our survey, on our six survey, and of course a lot of people would be voting, but they're busy upping their tally right now. They're doing the old slip and slide. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pong 5, 60, and they've arrived in a singular wireless line. WDQAM, hello. QAM. And look at that, look how that disappeared. Like that. Now that was bizarre. I think that call is like some of my messages from Newt. It's like lost in space. It's out there in the ETHRIC somewhere. And that was the one. The lines of the lights are still there. Thank God we still got the lights on. Last call for thought, I thought we'd finish in a big chore on the phone here, but look like it's going to happen. 5, although we got line 9, it's going to be very short. QAM, hello. Did you see what's happening now? I said, what do I say? What do I say? What do I say? WQAM, hello. And you know, yeah, that guy that they just fired is only been there for three months. That stuff's going on a wall to read for, since 2003. He's a full gun, like she said, he's a skit-goat. Yeah, and enclosing, get the shot. Put the gun, the car, the lights, the lights. Alright, WQAM, hello. Okay, sir. Um, let's go back. Can you take me a fool? WQAM, hello. I'll help. Yes, sir. This is where we are, you know. Okay, Larry. That's just curious, uh, is new on the XM or Syria, if I call Syria, because I want to get on my M, I'll turn the C-Bring for you. No. And, uh, they can't tell you. I get some poor court from China or Japan. He answers, no, he's not on either one of them. How do you, how do you go back in that area? I mean, people with them, you know, it moved like me, I mean, I'm just curious, you know. What does that mean? How do you go about getting on there? What does that mean? Uh, you know, how to get the $10,000,000, you know, about the $31,000, you know, you have to do it. I mean, they don't want them. They don't want them. No. Oh, yes. Okay, I'll catch my camera. I can't really do it this short. That's what he says on the University of the United States. Okay, I'll pass you the long things. Okay, I'll get back. So anyway, Neil, a serious next time, get on there, okay? Yeah, I'll pass it along. Pass it right along, okay? We're just past gas, whichever you like. 1212, along the foot survey. I'm bringing for him. I don't have to choose. Yeah, but only from what it sounds like, wait, yeah, boy. You. You. Yeah. Oh, man. Uh, the movie. You can put love in the desert, wait. Which of the thick your soul would come by space. You would work out of my hands on the fake throw-by. Bracom. You're in my mind. You're in my mind. You're in my mind. I can think of looking over that every age. By your pain or maybe just straight. Look at all my dull little friends that I've got so far. You're in my mind. You're in my mind. Oh, the time is for the eyes on us. You're all the time is for the eyes. You're all the time is for the eyes. Oh, the mind. You're in my mind. You're in my mind. I'm giving hope to the desperate and lonely. Even though I'm making you greater be only. You'll never know with Bobby's and both of them. You're in my mind. You're in my mind. You're in my mind. I'm close, man. You're here to hold the cold days, guys. We get to set your way, star of time. You're what you wish to find. You're in my mind. You're in my mind. You're in my mind. You're in my mind. Okay, 12, 144, don't say 12. Oh, man, it was a band slip. And tomorrow, 12, 50, baby. Oh, right, we got some olives and a red socks and Jupiter tomorrow. What I said about those moans, we love their rings. They beat up best, yeah. Anyway, we had 6,500 and man coders to reserve in the show. If you didn't look on our mice face page there on the, where the comments are, listen to comments. Scroll down to those and take a puke at that. Wow. There. Yeah, if you got a strong stomach and you haven't eaten a big lunch. A video's worth of $1,000 worth and dollars to us as this brand new story. Commonly featured on Janet Woods Presidential campaign website is a video of conservative commentator and coder and sell it again. Wow, I wonder if it's so that picture. And we just, I'm mouse click you and hear the in-vactive and get a chance to donate at the same time. On Friday, what we know what you said. I was going to have a few comments on the Democratic presidential candidate John Edwards. But it turns out you have to go into rehab if you use the word Faggot. So it's kind of an impact I can't talk about. She said this miserable self-hating, Dijk Bitch. The Edwards camp is now seeking the capitalized on the slur by soliciting 100 grand in Cobra Cash to show that in flaming prejudice to attract progressively as only backfire. Meanwhile, conservatives were none too pleased with Cobra Reader. Reverend Patrick J. Mahoney. Oh no. He's like an invention of Mr. Ego. I mean, why didn't he keep serving on this right when? Reverend Patrick J. Mahoney directed the Christian Defense Coalition said, frankly, I would have loved to have heard an explosion. I said, the radical agenda of Senator Edwards instead of reserting the team main calling. But you do see the difference. So it's just like it's a little bit of a flap about that, but it would be for day or two. And then life goes on and it's the same thing with this. If you would have said she hates Barack Obama and then said because he's an N, I mean the world. The world would be crumbling as we know it. You'd be running for cover. The entire globe would be keeping it right now. But of course, she uses the word Faggot. Listen to another one of those good Christian right when we're publicans. You know, good God fearing a whole year then now, putting a finger on Tuesday to everybody else. But then there's that other article you read where nobody ever saw her at church ever. That is correct. Or if he addressed it, he used it to pretend he'd be her polling place that you got harassing when you're about. Total, phony, piece of crap. And such as church. You can take any right with whether it's Reverend Ted Haggard or whether it's a misdraged or her. You can take any one of them. And just fill in the blank. Interchangeable hypocritical pieces of crap. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. Let's do like a Ziggin that calls here. Oh yeah. Not a lightning round. Remember the lightning round? I see now we do a lightning round for four hours of it. Although not non stop. The lightning round. Come on. What do you say? Can you people do it? Can they, are they up to it? Oh, they're not up. And how are we doing on the survey? 1200 and some. They're busy. They're busy doing it. We're going to move from one bracket in the next one. If you're like, 3, 1, the 50, you want to move to the next group. Do a fast. Find a friend on the street. Just a stranger. Maybe there's, just a stranger would be good. We think. I'll do. W2AM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. I'm there to go around. Right? Oh, my door is parked. When Tom tells him that the church, the church, somebody there. Moulin's upstairs, just go. They shot a sonia in the causeway. He's dead. It's a good to let the breath out and he's just cautioned. If you guys don't roll to the power of the sonia, then you told everybody about that. Now, still the pizza, that's a great thing. You can replay that. Well, that's it. Well, men's and trauma's to be doubted by the street territories in the Bronx after he died. You took over. You didn't give it to him. I love you, Wilch. Yeah, and men's and trauma's that will match. You're a little bit too small, right? Thank you. They shoot you. Mike. Are you still in higher position? Here are the moms. And you're breaking men's and we're cheap. You can say that. So, ladies, you're very hot. And you're best in judgment on how I got my pen. For family, I'm gonna put it over and call you on here. If you're something that you can expect from me, because you're from me. I think that's what I'm doing right after I finished my dentist appointment. Like this, I'm gonna have a plan. I'm gonna fly to City and I'm going to call you on a. There is someplace I would really like to get to something. Not necessarily call you on it, but it's just like maybe pull it on my own. No? No, no, no, no, no. Let's go there. Yeah, let's do it. Let's do it with the show live from the City of City. That'd be great. Oh, you can believe it. And you can understand, yeah, only if I keep finding, maybe if I walk, they're eating canola's. Now he's not still alive, is he? Please, please tell me he's dead. I think he's still kept. He like, walk is still alive. They hit him with five shots. He's still alive. I love the way that's so awesome, so sad. We hit him with five shots and he's still alive. He was good. Well, that's bad news for me. That was you if you don't get excited to make that deal. I'll wait. Oh wait. And he was so great in there too, you know? And now, and you see, mirrors later, James Khan, what was that movie where the woman was trapped in that elevator? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I do. It was great. And he was really young. He was young. Pump back then. He was great in that. Lady of Gage. Lady of Gage, very good. Very good. Wow. So, I thought it would be before I started smoking dope. And then you go to the godfather, which is kind of like the intermediate years when he was like, I don't know, maybe this third years or what? Not third man. And then you go to like misery, for example, with Kathy Bates, where he was. And he even looked at the same person even, right? He just looked at an old man. Right. Believe me, I know all about old man. WQAM Hello. Not there. QAM Hello. And you have it going. Okay, sir. Good. Good. Delicious. Gage going, Sharon. So easy. Even yours can do it. It's my little pig. WQAM Hello. I got a question. I got a question. Yes. Did that peeing in? I was not a big one of six. Who was taking the fin fin, and she died? Well, sir name. Tune died. What are you talking about? Like, I don't know, was it 15 years ago or so? Tune and die? She didn't. I thought she did. Linda energy. Yeah. Yeah, you're right. And her husband admitted to stuff, didn't he? Ha ha ha ha. Yeah. Her husband, her husband died and he's the god and Jesus is too low to the bones that they're looking at. What about? Well, how they all been? Why am I just having to play though? I'm just going along with this. I saw Linda energy. I love that. Huh? To it. It's 144. How many right now? And of course your her husband was a physician. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, man. Let's go back to patching again. A patchen I would be. What do you say? Okay. You got to admit that was pretty bizarre going on. And we had one. She wasn't a traffic lady. That was a brother. That was somebody. I'm going to suit these bad. She remember her. That was Mary and she was the traffic lady. No, but I'm not talking about her. I'm talking about the Jews for Jesus lady. I was born and she was the sales of secretary. Well, what do you remember? You got to tell me how do you remember this crap? My god. Are you? Wow. That wasn't what I was there. But anyway, the she was the one sales secretary. Correct. So she was a Jew for Jesus. A new C.L. This came from you. Yeah. And in class lotizing, all of it, building, you know, what I like to tell everybody, because it makes everybody pissed off. Is there the only ones that are actually doing it right? You know, if you claim that the Bible is the word of God. But you can be by that. In other words, everybody only uses half the Bible unless they're a Jews for Jesus. Oh, yeah. They're using the whole thing. That's right. In fact, remember that spot for the meatball guys, as I can't believe I read the whole thing. That's right. The Alcassos are spot. Was that Alcassos? I'll believe I ate the whole thing. It was. Would it be spicy meatball? I wonder what the Frankie Panterians were to find about that. Hey, Frankie. Yeah. Yeah. You're good. So how about the mountain? Yeah. Who's got this? You're a good Frankie. You're a big team. Yeah. Next up you sum more prisoners. They'd let scream nice and loud Get me some words and a fetch Oh I don't care if they eat from my wretched knees You used to the torture Cause they're just laying their game In the past it had to be worse with the dumb who's saved Oh, I don't care if they're just laying their game No, I don't care if they're just laying their game And some fend and poor will leave Now she's got me with the leaves I got a grumbling the energy My voices up, down My listening all round and out I have a slip for three days now So, the power of the power, the power of the power Thanks so much, meu Brema, give me a break Just count many dreams to gather free I have no words for gold, now it's important to waste Six eyes all in the energy So that my heart's been growing far for some time, like I wanted to Chew that cou You're a crazy, dumb ending, but no date Welcome Rockstone, great, but who is your name? For Dr. Husband, said it's okay A physician, too A physician, up, down My listening, all around and out Have to set for me, days now Woo, woo, woo Out of the mouth, out of the mouth, out of the mouth And, and, and, and, and Your a family's only been Your a family's only been Woo, woo Out of the mouth, out of the mouth Out of the mouth, out of the mouth And, and, and, and, and, and, and Your a family's only been Bye bye bye!