I know that the Lord even loves Neorodras. Where did you love my old and old grubs? That's when you go, you're a toy! You're a toy! You got a right there to tell me who's up all shit. You're a tax-pudder, I'm a toy. You're a toy, you're a toy. You're a toy, you're a toy. You're a toy, you're a toy. You're a toy, you're a toy. You're a toy, you're a toy. What the hell! Why the hell was me? Yes, is it? Ma wha Demo You girl son who is not a toy I'm gonna ask you two questions that were one how come I almost never played that damn bit. How come? I don't know. You gotta remind me to play that go doi doi is what that's called or go doi doi. You can do several dois if you like. And then of course on top of your head if you want to be a shot head you can put a doi Lee. Hello, Doi Lee. I'm in fact that would have been cute on most head. So the nasty little piece. I didn't realize in the beginning that he had a whole bunch of different pieces. He had to go to church and go to meet me every day. He wasn't the only one. The one that stays on firm. What was like a georor's as old as yesteram. I didn't shit strap. My heart won't play to me in chin ball. That's when I heard it. President Clinton stepped father dies at 91. Richard Kelly. President Clinton stepped father. Oh. Why do you say it with such disrespect? What is wrong with giving the crap about that guy? I never heard of him. Chris had mentioned never heard of me. They did you. No. Richard Kelly stepped father a former president Bill Clinton died yesterday. This homie was 91. Which is sure old enough. That's my goal man. I'm going to make it to 91. I have to say. What? I think I'll make it to 101. Get on here. Not one of my get to 91. Because my parents both lived to like my mother 91 and my father 90 plus almost 91. You know what? I don't know. What's that? Only the good day on me. Well, you talk about a shot. Isn't it bad enough? I got to read the results from yesterday. He's full here and a minute isn't that enough of a shot? So I have to keep taking all the shots all the time? Pretty sure we'll be bringing Dr. Fred Schatz on to be the guest on here. Remember Dr. Schatz? He was the sex doctor. That's what you told me. Oh boy. Kelly, it retired salesman have been into declining health in recent weeks. And the former president visited him on just on Monday. And they died on Wednesday. Maybe it wasn't such a good visit. Kitty Cooence, a caregiver who went to the phone at Kelly's home Wednesday, he said Kelly died about 545 pm. He had cancer, said two sources, folks of the Clinton family who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter. Why is it sensitive? I mean, I don't make any sense to me. Everybody's always anonymous. Kelly ran a food brokerage business for many years in Little Rock before we're tearing a new country to make Clinton's mother at a horse racing track. And they married in 82, was his second marriage in her fourth. Oh. And anyway, through you go. So they arrested these guys over that stupid ad campaign. I have no idea what you're talking about. Remember the circuit boards that they found in Boston? No. Okay. I'll get that story. That's all I'm going to talk about here. Really? What do you want to the country or something? You should have saved and apologized. Why are you on CNN? Yeah. And they just had the Ameri-Ron there. Is that what he's talking about? They arrested guys because of a circuit board. What do you want to language you a spikon man? That's what they're calling it. Yeah. And what was it? It's an ad campaign for aqua teen hunger force, which is a cartoon, a late night cartoon on the adult's side. I'm going to tell you that cartoons again unless there's a lot of sex in violence and cartoons we don't want. Well, there's sex in it. I guess there are my jokes. Okay. Oh, dirty jokes in this good. They put me on the circuit boards up that had a picture of a moody night flipping the burn on it. That's terrorists. Come on. And they arrested them. They arrested these guys. Well, I better get that story during the break here. I better get on right on top of that. I don't want to like miss out missing anything big. You know me. Right. WQAM could be our only call of a day. Hello. You're not just doing business. Okay. I heard about it. It's called Ashmack. Just look in the mirror. You'll see one. Here's the poll from yesterday. I think the green head of the 62 votes. I think the real new Rogers is legendary 406. But that just warms the cockles of my heart. I'm telling you that right now. Makes me feel so warm and cutty. Oh, that's one of the choices on here. Legendary 406, 27.7% of you. Wasn't that very nice? Give me a little pat on the head. Just remember all my close personal friends out there. Every now and then it's nice to give grandpa me a little. Just a little pat on the head. That's all because you know he's getting old and people. Sweet old guy, 316. Sweet old guy. And insecure geek, 157. You should list so long. A home body, 133. A hard dog, 95. By the way, I want to buy me yesterday. Just for the benefit of those who might be interested. Not tons, but enough. Enough to get me started on my vacation. I've for camp, fairly airport and then some. And a whole 72. We, and those, the beautiful part about that is 4.9%. We got an under 5% a whole of factor. You've heard the arrival factor. And the amax factor. And everybody else's factor. This is the A whole factor. And it's under 5% on the show. That's why I'm legendary. Don't forget by the way, today is the first of February. Among them today, March 1st. We'll be 31 year anniversary for this old coat. I was supposed to do a happy birthday for one of my regular, Pusal Animus, whatever his name is, on there on the. So I think his birthday is on a weekend or something. He's a good, good correspondent there on my space page. Pusal Animus, pussy footer or something like that. A whole 72 straight 71. I mean, come on. Oh, why did they even vote that? Is that supposed to be funny? I don't know. Straight to Brady Quinn. Straight to Brady's bedside. I'll tell you that. Warm and cutley 64. Hey, Brady. I'm warm and cutley. What do you say? I still said no. He ran. An evil bastard 47. Now we're talking. I'll go a 38. I hate this 4.36. Only 2.4%. They likes it. In fact, before I put the pull up there, I asked everybody in South Florida. You like it? And they said, yeah, we like it a lot because it gives us a chance to give you a shot. And a social butterfly, only 27. Which they're right about that. I wish I could have been a social butterfly. My whole life would have been so different, especially way back in the day, in a way back. Then. But you know, when you're cowering in the classy, you're like, Oh, I'm one of those. I'm a queen. I'm queen. Yeah, that's not good. But now who the hell cares? 905 votes on the pool today. And of course, there should be more on here. But I didn't know what else to put on there. And I did change the pool George noticed. Yeah, I did. Well, because I, I went in my winnings. I want it early. I got a good machine, mine. I got 600 on the line. Then I got another 500 line. I ran out of there with some of their money. I figured you figured what you, you weren't or, or lost bad and fast. But more likely that you weren't. No, and so I came racing right. Because I figured number one, I'm not going to give the money back. And number two, I had a very important phone call to make everything we just find. 966 votes on the pool. What is the gayest song ever? The village people in YMCA. I got a right. That's what I voted for. YMCA. 204. I wasn't that isn't the FEMA thing. I know I just played that the other day. That's what the. Oh, yes. On your who's going to shoot a super post party. Anyway, those people in Macho Man is second with the library. I can't get more mushroom than I could play that mushroom and pivot. We'd be all done. Especially the party says stick it to that well. Whatever. He says to. Yeah, that's the one. WAM. Wake me up before you go go. If you have wild diarrhea, 25. Well, that's what you say when you have like wild screaming diarrhea. Wake me up before you go go go go go go. Oh, I weather girls. It's raining man 100 and they should all look like Tom Brady and Brady Quinn. Tom Brady's head and Brady Quinn's body. Oh. But anyway, oh, they could look like what's his name? What's his name? I don't know. A very man low at the Copa 97. Right said Fred. I'm 260 from my body 77. The village people in the Navy 69. Those village people. They were a little bit gay. Yeah, a little bit. Pulled. What song is the gayest ever? I hate this full 60 80. What is it? 61. 6.7% not too bad. Diana Ross. I'm coming out 29 and George Michaels in faith. 11. Of course, it could have been some of his other songs too. I could like George money. Any of the other songs? Meaning what? Any of the other George Michael songs. Right. Like I want your sex. Oh, God. Yeah. What if you make George Michael and he turned out to be gross? Huh? What do you mean what if he turned up to me? Well, I can see it as what I'm saying. Well, that's my point. Yeah. 115. I'm 115. Oh, yeah. In fact, we might have a thousand by the end of this hour boy talk about power. Really a Roger show. Okay. All you stiffs that are in time for this big stupid ball game on Sunday. I'm a big football fan, but you know something was super ball way way way too much hype. And usually turns out to be a real snooze or a game or real piece of garbage. And these two teams man. And I have to laugh. I hear these guys like in the morning show talking about a sandy patent man. Oh, yeah. Well, he's, you know, are real stud and he's, yeah, he's a gay. That's what he is. Who'd have your kid in a sandy patent? And he's, uh, they're doing their square table thing about which ones get more action. You know, that's what I think that was yesterday morning. That goofball from a Florida or sandy patent manning. Sandy patent man works like he ran into a door. You know what I mean? Into a brick wall. Oh, but that flat nose. He's got to be what the ugliest coups that ever came down to pike. And believe me, I look at the mirror every morning. So I know plenty about ugly. I do on your honey. I like love shit cobble. But I mean, a little pie with chocolate chip ice cream. How can we chocolate chip ice cream is good? Ringing. Uh, and chocolate chip ice cream. Wait, chocolate swirl ice cream, even better. That's nothing. Did you ever suck the jelly out of a jelly down that? And then the chocolate swirl ice cream. Hmm. I like to stuff a jelly down it for the Reese's Pinopatta Cup. Then put it in a warm oven and let the chocolate and everything melt into the dough. Hmm. I'll put it on a peanut butter and jelly for a chocolate-tubbered grey and cracker. Within my ears, I've been manned around time. Can I have a little lemon in my water please? I make chocolate chip cookies with eminence. I'll make chocolate chip. So you can have a little more lemon in my hot water please. Is it a lot of lemon? Uh, no, I like a little fresh orange. You squeezed it more in a pigad. No, sorry. I'll tell you that, my man. The clones they got chocolate covered orange which is the juice just dribbles down your chin. Hmm. Hmm. Could I have just a drop of honey in this please? Just a drop. Where's your the actual fruit? It's covered with that thick dark chocolate. You know? Oh boy, how do I write this stuff on the lemon and the doughnut? Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Get the honey from them. Give them the honey, Junior. It's in the cover, dumb. Well, get it. What else did they cover with that chocolate? It maybe size the orange which is grapes, peaches, strawberries. Junior, donnie. Those big juicy stem strawberries who dipped into that dark dark chocolate. Oh, man. Hmm. Hmm. Don't be like this. That's the honey. That's the honey. So we know. I love the man. If we haven't seen Fadso you haven't ever speaking of that. Let's get to the school thing. Here are the beast of all people. The beast. Since we are listed recommendations. Okay. Long, a long message here about our minds. From the beast. And there you are. He ought to know. Get a lot of good, uh, several people recommended Fleming's, which is in the Gables on Pants. I guess I just looked up and they got a really a number of websites. Just like a Morton's does. Fleming's. Ever heard of it? Fleming's? Fleming. Fleming. Fleming. Fleming. Fleming's. No. Like Jim Fleming. Don't remember the Jim Fleming truck from my hazel park. No. I think Joe Whitehill was driving that race. And anyway, uh, and Jimmy Arthur. Here's what the beast says. Let's call us, say, this fate. If there's one thing I know with Fudy says, which makes you the fast slong. Notice you were looking for places to weed down here. So I'll just a few of my favorite pieces. And then he goes on for about 6,000 pages. Well, thank you, beast. So. And the first he lists capital grill on brickle. Of all the steakhouse chains. Ruth's Chris. Smith and will once he mourns it said, where capital grill is the best. And most consistently says. He says, having to tell them around the country, they're always awesome. I bet he has eaten it. The all of them around the country. Morton's is so overrated. He says, oh, geez. That's depressing isn't it? Okay. And as you find out, Smith and will once he just sucks. Yes. Ada Ruth's Chris and Phoenix was great. Oh, yeah. And the one Toronto's great too. But unfortunately, it's not in South Florida. Can't move it. He says the one in the geables blows. I don't like teens that are not consistent. The original palm in your says one my favorites, but the one down here says the beast. Bad. The news he says with four D's on a bad. The news. So capital grill on brickle is his favorite for steak. Prime one 12. It says, have eaten there. But everyone I've talked to about it loves it. The only drawback is it's on South Beach, which means it's going to suck the park. You're going to deal with stupid people looking to be seen while was pasty. Queens, whatever. Oh, here we go. Number three. It says my dad was in the meat business. The planning is in the geables was really good. See, and dad knows dad knows his meat. Yeah. Other note the best day cows in the country by far and I've tried them all. He says Peter Lugers Ben Benson, metropolitan grill etc. Is Emerals Del Monaco steak house in the Venetian hotel in Vegas. Just amazing. But let's all go to Vegas. What do you say? Go to Emerals Del Monaco steak house. There you go. But it sounds to me like Fleming's might be a talk shelf. Then he goes on about Italian restaurants, cafe, abracchi and cruel geables. I'm scale Italian food. Not just your humble crappy over the dumb chicken parmesan real authentic Italian food. He says he says my ex aunt is from general law and that was your favorite place when she was here. Cafe abracchi and the gables. I favorite places abruti and abracchi and all the other. Cafe gracia used to be in Pancras. Now I think it's on the beach. He says never had a bad meal here. Pasta was done perfectly every time. All dente. And then he's got carpacho's in the bell harborshoff. It's so sure you have to deal with over up noxious japs that chop and bell harbors. Japs. Oh, but the flat and veal chop is my favorite Italian dish and they do it great. It says the beast. Also, Norman's in the gables. He says it's that full full new cuisine but really, really, really mouthwatering good. Not a stuck up and a muckshess is going to warm those places in South Beach. Then he lists here and you're going to chuckle when you hear this. Joe's. Okay. Joel Mama. He says, I really don't understand why you won't try it. I guess if you've never been, you'd think it's some hotty, tauty place. Aside from the stone crab, it's not an expensive place. Most of the time when I go there, I get there awesome big chicken and about 567 sign dishes. They're side dishes are really, really good. Like their onion rings, free fried green tomatoes or hash browns. By the way, the whole deal with stone crab is not the crab. We're feeling going to have a lot of taste. It's the mustard sauce. And he goes down about he dips the bread in it, puts it on a chicken. And he says, Joe's has got the best brownies Sunday ever seen. Just a huge gooey, fudge brownie, topped with hot fudge and whipped cream. And ice cream and nuts and cherries. And then he writes, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow. Yeah. All the rest of the people, maybe we like to go to dinner with a beast. And then I would like to ask them, yeah, but what if he turned out to be gross? Yeah. I'll go to dinner with the beast that Joe's a few pays. It'll maybe if he gets that, I can't even brownie Sunday. Let me show you that again. It'll be the fourth time that I've been here. Huge gooey, fudge brownie topped with hot fudge and whipped cream and ice cream. And nuts and cherries and then he writes, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow. Well, like that. Maybe that's what I missed out when I went there the other three times. I see, whatever it was mediocre and they treated us like cattle. Oh, you mean Joe? Not only just us, I mean everybody. It was like a being part of a... Are you starting to get with that negative trait like you hit his infuriate? Yeah. We're like knocking and ripping and tearing and shredding and stuff. Mm-hmm. We're going to go right ahead. Well, that's part of it. We're not going to sit here and suck up to everybody. I mean, if every restaurant in South Florida was so sensational, they'd all be lined up on the door and of course they are lined up the door at some places that really suck anyway. Right. It's called those state of mind, right? That's the right thing. It's state of mind. Like the Rascal House and like the Forge and like Joe's. Although there's some people in the Joe's life because they want to be seen. I think it was just a place to be seen as a rumpur. And that was funny. Isn't that where we always hear? I guess. Within again there's some people who, you know, they'll eat anywhere. Especially if somebody else is picking up the ten. 25 past ten is five sixty wq and we probably have some songs that we need to add on to our list here when you think maybe maybe my van you are the facts is pouring in. No. Maybe I'll take some calls maybe not. I don't know. Apparently Molly Ivan is dead. Die. She died. Where did you get that off the facts here? I don't know. I know she was right on the verge. It's a good thing I had that story yesterday. She was virgin it yesterday at 62 due to cancer. Bummer. What is your signature I can't read? Thanks for the bad news. Pull again today. What is the gays song ever? And we got 958 both. The gays song ever. Village people line C-215. Village people not your man 144. WAN, wake me up before you go go go go go go go go go go. If you've got really bad screaming you know what? 136. You know a lot of people know what tire we is but very few of us know how to spell it. Including me. Sorry about H and I'm so. There's an H. What the H? Whether girls it's raining man one oh seven one on the end going outside. Very man low at the couple 100 right said Fred 260 from my body 79. Village people in the Navy 73. What are they doing in the Navy all those seamen out there? Who? I hate this pool. No answer required. I hate this bowl 66.8 percent. Diana Ross. I'm coming out. Hey you want to send in right now? Yes. Very nice. I'm 32. I just loved her. She was so great. She also wrote several books. George Michaels in faith or any other song he ever did 11 is anything with George Michael. Okay. What if you make George Michael and turned out to be really gross. What if he beat what is. So Molly Evans is dead at 62 that is really pathetic. We have the story yesterday that she was in really bad shape. She died. And that's the bad news. So sorry. 26 after 10 a Q and let's see what's on that gingerly. Mad dog at the radio row at 2. Then we got the triple hour three hours of power hour with hank of the man dog 3 to 6. Henry Goldberg solo at radio or 6 to 7. And then the pants and preview at 7. Any interest. That's one another game. Two one over the Rangers last night. I'm miracle. Pants is against the camps tonight 7 30 at the Mcerwinner. And then after the hockey game Super Bowl over drive with Craig Mishmosh. In fact, they should George. Who do you like in the Super Bowl? The bills. Buffalo is mathematically eliminated like the first week. Washington. Washington didn't make the playoffs. Boston Patriots. New England lost. They're not in the Super Bowl. Los Angeles. Hella doesn't even have a team. Do you know anything about football? Stay on the offense. I know that. Whatever. It's the cold versus the bears. Who do you like? The people of Ukraine. I'm going to slap you upside the head. In competition. We'll be right back. Pennsylvania won at 5.60 WQAM. And we got nine races. Folks on the pool. We're going to have a thousand and four shakes of your things. You'll be like that. Somebody says relax. Thank you. We'll see Hollywood. We put it. Relax. Don't do it. It's not how that goes. Yeah. So we'll be about that. All the entire band was really, really gay. And all the other songs were gay. And that one must be two. Who is? Yeah. Well, just we're not asking which band is the guest. The pool says what is the guest song ever? But that's okay. Relax. Thank you. We'll see Hollywood. Just relax. Good suggestion. Relax. Relax. Relax. Be calm. Like me. I forgot to look up that story. Oh, pretty. Pretty. Pretty loud. And by the way, since that chord short, after the day is that fact machine that I paid for weeks and weeks and weeks ago today, is it hooked up? No. But I got the chord here. Well, what do you mean? No. I told you to get to run the chord through all this kind of furniture here, which is going to involve taking things apart. No. Jesus. God, all night. It's got to be a month. It's got to be weeks. Huh? It's got to be. Then it's showed up there. It's got to be five weeks since I've won online on that Bought Dead tan thing. Well, never. Think we're down about one engineer in the building because everyone's out with the Super Bowl stuff. Well, that's right. They're off to Super Bowl. They're taking care of the importance stuff. That's right. They're radio-roll. What do you know? And they don't want to kick your, uh, gay. This crap. W2AM, hello. Hello, judge. Yes. Uh, a couple of restaurants suggestions for you. Okay. Ready? Yeah. Namons and the gay boys is one of the best restaurants in the country. And I have no connection to them. And, uh, what's any gonna make them out? Very good. Wait. What's that good meal there? What's the second one? All the time. It's one where they know, uh, a tiny bit. Yeah. Uh, I'm mixing miracle mile. Miracle mile. That's a miracle this, uh, yeah. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. I'll pass you along the meal. Oh, god. See ya. Ha ha ha ha. He knows me all along. He's just kind of. Ortonique. I never heard of that. Sounds like, uh, if you were a geek, you love Ortonique and Normans. I've heard of Normans, but I don't know what it is. I wonder if Norman can't say anything to you with that. And then there was something that Islander Rott of somebody's suggested. Where the hell is Islander Rott? Is that way to help them out in the middle of the key? Yeah. It's way down in the middle of the end. You got several suggestions for, uh, uh, mad dogs restaurant. I think that's what that was. Oh, wait a minute, Ziggy. I think you got that out. Ziggy in the mad dog now. I had several of those recommendations. Is it fabulous? And where's that also in Islander Rott? Yeah. Yeah. I'm not kind of lose for a man. I mean, this is a very important meal like they remember the meeting of the five families like that. But I'm not going to, uh, thinking of cheese to have dinner with anybody. You know, if if Brady Quinn and Tom Brady were both coming, I don't think I'm going to Islander Rott unless by helicopter, maybe. There's a idea. We have that's the thought. If they could squeeze me in between them. WQA, I'm hello. What's up my legendary sweet, I hope. How you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. Uh, I can't believe they can't have one engineer to care the number one ready to show. They got all those into the Donna to do sh-ball. Yeah. Unbelievable. It is. You know, take care, buddy. Okay. Okay. There's another trail coming in our priorities here at QAman, our engineering department. At least they're consistent. They don't look to finger for the show. We'll, we'll, we'll not. Just fine. As the bonus check, I'm sure showed up. I was still, I think, uh, whenever yesterday the day, whenever it held so on up, mine did. How about you, George? Yeah. Come here, you man. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, Sir. Hey, once we're more about that. Rod Stewart, if you think I'm sexy. Oh, God. He's about it. He's about it. He's a 400 year old watermelons. Yeah, he is terrible. And now he has this classic albums coming out. He sees this atom material that's selling the retire. We're tired, Ryan. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Do you think I'm sexy by Rod Stewart? Yeah. I think, uh, like, uh, it was an elephant dropping. This is really sexy too, Rod. In fact, I put it in the same category. Thousand two votes. Holy moly rap man. This is really erratic. You know what? So I have to make me feel like going on vacation tomorrow. I'm leaving early. I want to clock tomorrow afternoon. George is going to be on a one. Or it's a tape, right? You think we're going to have a tape tomorrow, one? But every time they want, maybe tape won't be good. Maybe that's with the V-Sephers from it. He's got a tape worm. Obviously that. WCWM hello. Hey Neil. I'm here. Yes sir. Good. I was listening to a right wing thing a couple days ago. And the guy first came on and talked about support. The truth. Did a lady came on and talked about her. But she says, well, my husband is in a rack. And he's going backwards. They can do it for four months. He said, that's great. What he wanted to do is they said it could not have been that big. Well, I did back digging. He didn't hang up on the woman. Very nice. Very nice. Very nice. Very nice. Okay. Thanks for the class into his colleague. Here's a thanks for Moishi who says, ortonix sucks. One of those pair laughers small portion, but it's okay because it looks like artsy Farsi. Well, that sounds like that restaurant in Florence. I got the, oh. We're with a little pigeon egg and all the other stuff that already. Parsley plays with a way of, like, a pig. He's got like about one. Like a, like a, like a, a perky turd on the plate. You know. But that was, that was the most bizarre. And of course, I'm sure I do know because I've been in Florence a few times with the food. They were sensational. But it was a place I'd eaten at, you know, years before and you go back and oh, surprise. It's artsy Farsi now. To me, there's nothing worse than artsy Farsi, Ristimonti. When they didn't really care the quality of the food or the quantity, but they give you, like, how it looks on the plate. You know, what does that look beautiful? Oh, my God. And they brought up the, um, what the hell did I order? Some appetizer was like a small piece of a perchute, perchute, perchute, meloni. You know, per, per, per, per, per, per, per slice to ham and the melon, which is one of the really famous Italian appetizers. And really great all over it. Really one of my very favorites. And it was like hot, served hot. They said, okay, whatever. And I'll try different things. And they brought out like a little square of ham about the size of your little finger nail. And, uh, like, a small slice of candelope about the size of your thumb. Hot. It was hot. Okay. And you try to, uh, per, they perchute though the ham. It was like, try to, it was like two and bubble gum. But anyway, which is a great experience. Oh, here you go, Georgia, send me the story. Boston, them, would devices a cartoon marketing toy. Well, shame on them. Okay. Everybody's a freaking terrorist now. Ten blinking electronic devices planted at bridges, another spots in Boston through a scared vicinity Wednesday. And it turned out to be a publicity campaign for a late night cable cartoon. At least one of the devices, the prince of character giving the finger. Well, good. I like characters giving the fingers. Especially when they got that angry look on their face. Baaaaa! Like that. All of the devices did. That's the, that's the thing. Good. Highways bridges in the section of the Charles River were shut down. And bomb squats in and before authorities declared that the devices were harmless. It's a hoax and it's not funny. So Governor deviled Patrick. Well, screw you with your ability. Turn a broadcast to the vision of time Warner Inc. The first thing that we've heard of cartoon now, we're said that the devices were part of a promotion for the TV show. Aquitim hunger force of surreal series about talking milkshake and box of fries and a meatball. That's right. We're talking meatball. The packages and question our magnetic lights that pose no danger. Turn a sudden statement. It said that the devices had been in place for two or three weeks in 10 cities. Boston, New York, LA, Chicago, Atlanta, Seattle, Portland, Oregon, Austin, Texas. San Fran and Philadelphia. We regret that they were mistakenly thought to pose any danger to the company. Said a lot of bunch of voices, man. The marketing company responsible for the campaign interference in can no media comment. A woman who answered the phone in New York based firm's offices yesterday said the firm's CEO was out of town. And we'll be able to comment to later today. Police only said they were investigating where the device came from. But an angry mayor Thomas Minino said a stiff penalty would be pursued against whoever was responsible for the devices. It's about keeping a city on edge. He said it's about public safety. I think he's on edge. On the edge of an nervous breakdown, an aperture if he might hit me, turn out to be grotesque. Probably. Hold on secure. Hold on secure department spokesman Russ Naki. What if he's related to New, not me. Praise Boston authorities for sharing the mouth quickly with Washington officials and the public. Hokes is our a tremendous burden at local law enforcement and counterterrorism resources. There's absolutely no place for them in a post-Nanla world. Naki said. A 30-sits of the office reflects circuit boards who had wires hanging from them. All brother. The dangerous. The first device was thought of the subway and bus station underneath I-93. Forcing the shutdown of the station in the highway. No. You know how those terrorists operate there. Later police said four calls about one P. and reported the devices at the Boston University. Bridge in the Long fellow Bridge. Both of which span the Charles River at Boston Street corner where the Tufts and W. England Medical Center. The packed near the B.U. Bridge was found at the sense of a structure beneath the span. Subway service across the Long fellow Bridge between Boston and Cambridge was briefly suspended. And Sturro Drive was posed as well, which has been a benefit for the drivers because it's a horrible place. A similar device was found last night just north of Fenway Park. Wanda Higgins of 47-year-old Wemith were a citizen nurse at Mass General. Had it heard about the threat as she watched TV news coverage while preparing to be working for P.M. I saw the bomb squad guys carrying a paper bag with their bare hands. He can said, I knew it couldn't be too serious. Messages seeking additional comment from the Atlanta-based Cartoon Network were left with publics. But a beat by the Boop of the Aqua-Teen Hunger Force in Cartoon with a selfish following that is part of the adult swim late night block of programs on the Cartoon Network. A feature-length film based on the Sheriffs-Linford-League's Mark 22. And a city of Boston having a nervous squat about it. I just got it. I just got it. I didn't realize it. I didn't realize it. I didn't realize it. I didn't realize it. I didn't realize it. Unless you run on this planet. Or make you all day fall. You don't need to go to read now. For something that you say. There's no close death program. Freeing someone game. And everybody's in read now. What they should have been. Game from girl and a friend. Which isn't too busy. That doesn't mean you can't read now. Or a prescription. If we do it on a phone game. Just like no gift. And everybody's in read now. To cover their own ass. If you just threw one jack. We're supposed to let all of us. You don't need to go to read. For making racial slurs. Or if you run the way. Have it still be heard. We act not for it's all skin. Or something you need to spend. We act not for for this way. So it's all in practice. You don't need to go to read now. Just the father shines. And control your evil. So maybe not. And for you seven to five, 60. So this story is becoming bigger than life itself. They just showed on their suspects. Please not guilty in the Boston Yadiati case. I said you a picture of the. And I look at that right now. Suspicious Boston devices are a marketing boy. How is a picture of this really dangerous looking cartoon character? Sure. We are moon and nights from the inner core of the moon. I run for the hills. If I see that one, I'm hanging from the bridge. You know, I don't care. And always we have flashing cartoon characters. So they just show them my scoring these guys away. And I'm killed in. They're like dragon them away. We're going to fry your ass. You terrorists. There you have humor. About a dozen artists. Another supporters really outside Charleston. This is a cortis morning. Before I do that, though, here's a suggestion for the poll. Boy, Georgian. Karma comedian will put it down. It's culture clubs. And that's what we did it. That is correct. Well, but I was boy. George. That's back before I got that new hat. Oh yeah. The push you got who you do. About a dozen artists. Another supporters. Well, and outside Charleston. Municipal Cortis morning and defensive. The two men charged with placing battery powered cartoon characters throughout the city. And touched off. There's a bombs and terrorism. Oh my God. Most of the supporters help computer-printed out. Fashion in the same design as the gorilla advertising campaign that sparked the panic. The signs included today's date. The other day of the day. They're the guys. Oh, no. They are suspecting buss. They're going to be able to buy 18 years old. That guy looks really scary there with the beard in the long-due old man. I think he's got some roster here. Dredful locks. Oh boy. Two-met accuse of placing a crap in Boston. This courthouse was underneath and over. This is this is a remarkable. This is remarkable for a baby. As they say in China, Zyna America. The signing food yesterday's date. January 31st, 2007. The words never forget. Beanie from one of the characters from the Cartoon Never TV show. Was a marketing play. Stage 35. Now see if there's even had the names of these people. And all of us and we go to the stage 35. Well, I see one of the supporters who described herself as an artist, but the client who gave her last name. I got it. Said that Turner broadcasting systems, the parent company behind the marketing books, or that Blince, is the real culprit. But I sure like my cheese blince. I'll say that. Hmm. Turned it and didn't think this ad through, say, said standing outside the court. The people who are suffering, they're innocent. They're innocent people. Police last night arrested Peter Berdowski, 27. The artist originally from Belarus, told the globe early in the day that he installed a sign for an ad firm hired by Turner broadcasting. He faces up to five years in prison. Uncharges a placing a host device in a way that causes panic and disorderly conduct. Oh, brother. Oh, my God. Exactly. His lawyer and friend Michael Elrich, no relation to fat rich, said he hoped in court today to get Berdowski's bail reduced an end of his craziness crazy. A second man, John Stephen 20, the child's house arrested by 1130 last night. He was also charged with placing a host device in disorderly conduct. Both are being arranged today as we saw them. They were like, suck in them and drag in them and push them around. Oh, you hardened criminals. You terrorized them above. Very shameful if he asked me. But what do I know? Yeah. Okay. Let's see what we got on the pool. We got a thousand 42 votes already. But we're really pushing it today, man. I don't know what this is all about. Must be because Super Bowl is on Sunday. Oh, it must be because tomorrow's my last TV 4 vacation. Thank God. Why need that vacation or what? Huh? I'm going to get on that plane. I'm just going to leave all my worries behind. Not that I really have any. What is the guest song ever? Village people. Why MCA 228. Village people. Module man. 155. Are you trying to say the village people are a little gay? Is that what you trying to say? I don't mean you. Not a little. Oh. Wait, and wake me up before you go go go go all over the floor. 145. Weather girls. It's rainy men. One 13. I just love that song. Hallelujah. Very man. Let's the couple. 107. Right said Fred. I'm too sexy for my body. 86. The village people in the Navy 85. You want to see what they're doing. I don't know. Shift's in there. I'm there for a long time at sea. I'll go see them. I heard they're swapping the poop deck. You know, I you probably don't remember. I don't remember. I don't remember. I don't remember. I don't remember. I don't remember. Well, there you go. What would you know about gay establishment anyway? I think of all the poop deck. I wonder what that meant. I think this pool, 68, 69% Diana Ross. I'm coming out. 36. Diana's coming out. Everybody wants to go back in. George Michaels in faith 12. Frankie goes to Hollywood and relax. Relax. Don't do it. Five. Rod storage. You think I'm sexy? No. We think you're gross. Rod. Grootess. Three. And culture club karma community. Solomon Thaywin, I'm probably the person that facts that in. But keep them coming. No problem at all. And keep those restaurants coming. So anyway, more she says that they're one place. Ortho-mic. He says it blows. Is what he said. I mean, not that I know. But that's what he says it blows. Doug Thompson says you're president blows. Vosious plan to destroy American capital. He'll do that. Come by Doug Thompson. He says the absolute unrelenting take over the government of the US by a desperate named George W. Bush continues right under the noses of the new Democratic leadership of Congress and not like to find so the wishes of the American voters is in a clear mandate for change in last year's elections, Mont. Bush recently made more moves to consolidate power in the executive branch signing in order to require his key government agencies to place his political appointees in positions to control policy on health, environmental issues, civil rights and privacy. These political hacks have pointed with about review or approval of Congress. Now interpret the laws as they or their president see it without regulatory oversight or a requirement to report to anybody. Even worse, my White House sources tell me that Bush is putting into place a carefully crafted plan to extend his power to influence over government policy long after these orifice January 20, 2009. Attorney General Alberto Gonzalez, a Bush's direction to advising Cabinet Secretary for Affairs to convert these political appointees to senior executive service SES positions before Bush's second term ends giving handpicked policymakers absolutely the third even after the president leaves orifice. SES positions are protected by federal civil service so the policy makers could not be replaced by incoming president, Democrat or Republican to follow his Bush. My sources tell me Bush plans to place conservative-selects throughout federal agencies give them authority to control policy for as long as they hold their jobs and then convert those appointees to civil service positions that will continue to enforce his wishes for years to come. Far fetched, not at all. Cabinet Secretary for State's Law and Head, part of converts some key appointees to SES positions although until Bush signed his executive order granting broad policy making power such appointees they do not have to be able to continue a president's programs long after these orifice. Bush is still hoping for at least one more vacancy on the Supreme Court before second term ends giving which ends to control judicial rulings one of the next decade. Such as the pattern of a man determined to control all faces of government without any checks and balances, the White House has been gaining the system for six years so that, certainly, law professor George Washington University acknowledged national effort on constitutional law. He has shut down Congress and slowed down the courts. Some hoped Democratic takeover Congress would stop Bush's power rapidly continues and the overly cautious and vunched Democratic leadership on capital Hill appears powerless to stop him. While they consider non-binding resolutions out of drawing troops from Iraq, Democratic leaders of Congress have asked for a legal interpretation of what power of any it has to stop Bush. And who did that ask for this interpretation? The Attorney General of Vertor Gonzalez of Bush and Poinier who believes that the president's powers absolute and the one cracked in the program to extend that power and influence Farbeonist constitution of the two terms in orifice. If you listen to the president and send them our credit leaders, Congress can do little to stop the hemorrhaging of lives in Iraq. Surely says, well, then I said stop Thompson in capital Hill blue. Just go with the answer and he's so well deserves. Oh, brother, it's so depressing, you know what? We don't want to be depressing very super. Here's Mel says, please add I.F.66 and blue to your day poll. I.F.66 did blue. Blue said it. Lock that up. Is that it? Huh? Probably lots of stories they blew. No, but you know the one I'm talking about the group from Italy with that was their name. Blue, but probably was a techno pop song. You know techno-plop kind of like wake me up before you pop-plop. I.F.66 and blue. I don't know what they'll do. If you've got it, I bet you don't have that. Do you have your best library there? I'm looking. Yeah, keep looking. Got it? No, no chance. Check it out. Got it? I am a Nick Nogden. This is her. Yo, this is a story about a little guy that lives in the song. That's a song. Yeah, that's a song. Yeah, that's a song. I know that's a song. I know that's a song. That was a high school 60. She's just like me. This is a life of 65 and my library. What a life of a library. You can't help me. You can't help me. And I've been doing this for him. And this is a song. And I've been writing a real song. This is a 6-cut song. Oh, he ought to know his. I.F. Tower. I am a kid. No. There you go. There you go. That's enough. That's that. Yodeling? They didn't do that. They were doing it. They were. They're doing it around. They were doing their popsicle. This is the new laundry shell. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Ah, this is a game. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Question. Oouw! Oh. Oh. Oh, no. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, no. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. So when you are sued, they got you under a gold. You brought your battle, You brought your doom, Not for who? She may die, she's no human now. Come on, she will you, They both you, And we play in free force, And we die, If there's no true good job, She may get caught, But she's next, Have a little death, Show her a little bit of truth, Scrape her, Baby, baby, Scuba not you, You'll cover all of you, I say, That's why my whole star is in prison, We are moon and nights From the inner core of the moon. You say it right? Get all those moon and nights, man, Get a lassie and run them all up, All I've ordered that is that moon. There's that moon, There's that watch for, you know, He's building, He looks real guilty to me, A more afraid of what he might have Pulling around in his hair than anything, Oh, God, He like it, no, not really. On the other hand, Who's what it do, I'm on, In areas where you could typically find a bomb, If someone wanted to cause damage, They would put it under a bridge, Or in some transportation hub area, Where it could have maximum, Oh, light enough a little bit, You jackasses up there, And Boston for a night out loud. I'll see you on come on, Well, I have, okay, This is Murphy's. There's, And there's my dangerous cartoon character, Flashing light, Oh, man, So dangerous to me. You have to be a retard to get to all, Freaked out about that. But then again. Here's a facts from somebody says, Did you see all the papers are all over the store And how saving used the slur, Cooen, Wasn't that nice? The following article is not the main story, But the side store and how it became public. It says, Check the sunset or her lid. Well, I must be missing all the good stuff, you know, Since our good co-shirt joint, Check out Sam's Delhi on 41st, Me and Miami Beach. Sam's Delhi. You should live so long, okay? Anyway, getting back, How comments became public? A reporter shared a recording. Three reporters represented a hero The Palm Beach post in the South Dakota Sun Sentinel met with Nick Saban. On January 3rd in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, They after-releved it off, And the ensuing 45 of the interview, The coast made a handful of off-the-recorded remarks. One of those remarks included an explicit language And a slur against Cajans, And became public when Miami Hover reporter Jeff Darling and shared a recording of Saban's words, With a South Florida sports radio host. On after-be-oh, Oh my god, rock solid. The coast is slur with down-blown initially Published by the hero because of the coast's request For that portion of the interview, Main Private. Two weeks later, Darling can email an audio-fablet conversation And include a slur to 5.62M radio host Orlando Elsa Query, Who were the comments on his morning radio show About South Florida and Mobile. He's got a he's on in Mobile. What does that mean? He was in Mobile last week for the senior president. Oh my god, For his show in Mobile. Come on, let's get serious, okay? Confused from those hearings, Then hit the internet. In Port-Jetvin, I decided to email another journalist An audio sampling of interview that took place And Nick Saban's office, Darling, and said, The way did not expect the clip to be used. It was still my responsibility to make sure The audio was never published anyway. I apologize for my bad decision. My recorder was on the table in front of Coach Saban and claimed you, He knew the conversation was being recorded. However, I never initially reported The material because he had to kill Three reporters president. It was not intended for print. Elsa Query declined to comment Because he's not really rock solid. I don't like that. I sure hope that he had a big always in hot water. I mean, that's that point three Sherry. And December in that trend. Well, if I knew he was going to be playing off the comment, you know, interviews with Coach. Is that listen more entirely? Yeah, that's for damn sure. We have a real show here. I'm bigger part of it. Do we? We have it if you want to hear it. I want to hear it. Okay, that's hearing. We are moonlights from the country. It's from the country. Which is talking down to the street. One of the board of trustees guys, like these people around here, said that one of the states today has helped She's walking down street. That's the pressure of all he calls me. There's a guy working in the ditch. One of those crewman's guys that talk funny. I can't talk like I'm pretty damn close to people. And they're all working. The fucking team says. Any. You see what Coach Saban signed up with Alabama? You know, however, they talk. And the board of trustees guys. Yeah, I said, yeah. I saw that. And he says. That's. I don't know. I feel like he's. Oh, lovely. Oh, and there's the interesting part of that beautiful. What? Who had guys? Well, he's long gone. Anyway, he's small potatoes. For the poor, somebody says, Voter Richard and they met Roll over Beethoven, but they wrote, Bend over Beethoven. Gay. Make it a little more. Yeah. Roll over Beethoven. My little Richard. What's so gay about that? I don't know. I think he's having a good time. Who the hell knows? Well, I don't put that on there. How about, look at Richard and Tudy Fruty? Okay. What is that? What's wrong with that? Nothing. But you have it there? I got Tudy Fruty Alice. Oh, Alice ran too. There you go. Tudy Fruty Alice is standing in the front row. Get you another song. It's not fancy. Get it all. Get the baby. All the false times. There we go. Tudy Fruty Alice. Rossy's mom potatoes. Who remembers Alice, Rental. He's got to be really old. Oral then craggy to remember that from the different voices. You know who else did that song? Of all people? Pat Boot. Pat Boot. No, something to go. You know who? You know who? You know, I never could get around the lyrics of this song. Oh, I'll bother you. You say, what did he? Well, next day's say, it's going to be having a record of that. Can't all over the wires. So that was really bad. And when I knew else, a query got a hold of that. I hope he played it on the era. I guess that story said that he did. Yes. Well, it was a play done here. Then we're on safe ground, I guess. Or not, as the case may be. Of course it was Chris's decision to play it. Of course. Oh. Moody River by Pat Boot. That wasn't the Tudy Fruty. I'll tell you right now. So you better get your finger in the right. So I have a lot of Pat Boot. I'm sorry to say. Some of it. Good news. Moody and Dow writes Mama Hugs Iowa. When she was little Hilary Rotten with sit on a basement bench and pretend she was flying a spaceship to Mars. Her younger brother Hugh persp behind, would sometimes beg for a chance to be Captain. No dice. She would always drive and I would always have to sit in the vacuum. He once told me. But throughout the years of city behind Bill Clinton, I was tripped to the star. Hillary fidgeted in elbowed trying to be co-catten rather than just wingmen or worse wing lady. Finally, I was she was one more behind the wheel of her spaceship than Mars. She didn't have to prop up Bill after one of his rogue-ish catfalls. She didn't have to faint in prison, east wing, pifle, table settings and pastry chefs and designer gowns. She didn't have to be afraid to wear male colligs in the Senate, stepping back to give them the limelight. She positively glistened as she talked about how I, rather than the we of 92, would run the world. Humbly graciously deafly she offered I with the answer that eternal question, what is Hillary owed? Everything. John Wood, a self-inscribed plainsman, Republican machinery and tool salesman from Davenport, as Hillary how she would handle the world's evil and bad men, for hooking these slimy and vigorous retort, what in my background it quips me to deal with evil and bad men. He said afterward that he was more worried about her ability to face down villains, being a lady, but considered the woman did good today. His question was reminiscent of Ali G's interview of New Gingrich when the fake rapper asked whether woman president would be turned on a minute-related by evil dictators, given that with women the worst you treat in the more they want you. As you, two attests, Hillary didn't care about Stalin's first lady. She was too busy trying to get on Bill substance. She showed off a long parade of unflattering outfits and unnervingly changing her dues. In Iowa, her national anthem, a man of an off-key, but her look wasn't, it was an attractive mirror for political message, man tailored with a dash of pink femininity. I think we look very nice about him in the first golf war filter in Des Moines. Thank you, she answered, being in laughing. When Geraldine Ferrell made her her historic 1804, she tried to blend in, mothers concerns into her foreign policy answers, but it didn't work so well once she got started her nuclear terminology and mixed up. She got a mixed up. I'm a woman, I'm a mom hoping to stir that sisterly vote that Ms. Ferrell failed to drive through and turned out that many women were skeptical about one of their own facing down the Soviets. Unlike Barack Obama, who once said he was bored by the suburb, she introduced herself in the land of Vingo and Bacon as a product of the suburb, as while wearing him in the minutia of kitchen table issues. W. and Cheney have lavish attention and money on her rack, leaving Americans feeling neglected. Hillary offered I once a warm bath of you, homie room in relation to her as a harsh domination. John Stewart warned on the daily show that her slogan, Luffy conversation began to allow her with men. I think the typical response would be, now he said adding that her new rack policy is America lets pull over and just ask for directions. Thomas scene Johnson, a 66-year-old African American from outside Des Moines complained that Hillary talked to much about traditional women's issues, but many of the audiences seemed enthralled. The Achilles heel of the warrior issue is known as the war. She expressed outrage about her rack, but ended up sounding like a mother who's teenage son is not feeling up as room. The president said this is going to be left to a successor and I think it's the highly irresponsible thing I really resented. She uttered the most irritating and disingenuous non-worsen politics, if we had known then what we know now. Jim Webb knew Barack Obama knew even I knew for Pete's sake. The administration's trickery was clear in real time. Hillary didn't have the nerve to oppose a popular president on the national security issue after 9-11, and she feared being cast as an anti-war hippie when she ran. Now she feels she can't simply say she made a bad decision and that makes her seem conniving, not a good mix with nurturing. That's what our good friend, Marine does, I would say that. How loud would Marine do? You go girl. You go. Molly Ivins that at 62 that's what he said. She is one of the great bushbangers of all time. Let's see, here's what are these for the poor whole bunch of mallmide. Oh these are a poor possibility. What do you think the awareness by doing is daily show? Well I think they already know. Yeah. Jocstra. Oh you could keep everybody guessing it. Jocstra, once worn by Brady Quinnism, matter of fact. We're in a real tight. It's fun kind of like, you know, get all the vibes from it. What do we got on the pool? A thousand eighty nine. By the time we come back from this break we'll have 1100 or we're going to know why. I'll see you in the right time. There are exploding balls. Look at the floor. The dog's thing is terrible. The thing was horrendous. And you look like one of those creatures that live in the jungle with those massive eyes. Which baby. You are said. American idols. It's a freak show badass. American idols. How's it feel being dressed? And compared me to that. Someone's coming. Someone's coming. Someone's in so. After me's heard. All of you don't. But calling someone up bush baby. Who's facing? Probably going to. Wix cream. Two idols. You're gonna have some baby. A few of your inspiration. You'll have fall away to the baby. Oh, what the big arm. It's the wrong show all over again. Baby without Chuck Burris. It's 1117 a QM. Here's a fact that says happy policy. Dirtion. Other than Neil, who is your favorite gay. And then he says, Does sounds funny when you say Faggot or a Dyke person? Who's your favorite Faggot? Your favorite Bull Dyke. And this is how let you feel at least. Then it says, don't you feel much better now. They're three. These found those host devices after they've been placed for weeks. It's been wheelbounds. They would have gone off and killed a bunch of people already. That's what the mayor bought and should be fired up and pissed off about. They took them so long to find all of these. All of these. To get point. That's why one is so humorless about it. They're embarrassed. Well, they ought to be. They ought to be. They ought to be. They ought to be. What do you think Neil's a choice of writing instrument is? Oh, brother. What a pull that is. That's like what kind of toilet paper. That's like paper or plastic or was he really that spastic? I heard you prick your finger and write with blood. Yeah, I write it all in blood. Boo. Neil's choice of writing instrument. This is the same person sitting in the other pull about. What do I wear daily on my show? Oh boy. Woo. Heavy duty. I think all Schmidt can that one about the writing instrument. Let me see what I got actually. It's a always from hotels.com. It's when I stole from someone hotel. That's one thing when you stand in expensive hotel. Maybe you always take the note pads, take that panel. I never used to do that, but my friends at home would do that. You know, nothing I'm all cheap or anything like that. But when you paint that kind of money for a fancy schmassy hotel, which in Europe, by the way, they're not all that fancy schmassy. I mean, you know, this better understand the Utah stole crap like that. But then I would have cracked up to pick. And I'm sure you're well aware of that. George would do many, many travels. Oh yeah. Come on. Just before the show today, George was saying, each phenon berlin or whatever that means. I'm just saying that. I would say, I am being bullied off. And this is, uh, yeah. They're going to come and get your ass and take you away. Let me tell you that right now. 114 votes on the full, what's the gayest song ever? Village people. Why I don't want to read all these. These are so boring, you know. Lyon C-A-242, Macho Man 162. I'll wake me up before you drop a big one. 147. It's raining men one for one. At the couple one 10, two sexy for my body 90 in the Navy 89. I hate this full 73, 6 and 1%. I'm coming out to Anoross 37, Faith by Miss Michael 12. Commer comedian, my George, uh, culture club, boy George eight. Frankie goes to Hollywood relax eight, Rod Stewart. Do you think I'm sexy? Absolutely not. Five. And I full 65 and blue. Dad, I love that song. One. Solomon Thun. So I don't know what's gay about that song. I remember the video very vividly. And we're like all of them little blue, blue dads running around, you know. Well, if they ever got loose in Boston, do you imagine the human cry that would be about there? The blue would cry. There would be a blue and cry in Boston. They'll be running around on the as-on the straw, the drive drive. On a Mr. Griver Bridge boy. The way they drive in Boston man. The only thing I will say is bad is that driving in South Florida is. It's sensational compared to Boston. At least when I lived there 150 years ago. Wow. Airweek car had like a beauty marks on it. You know, had like a trophy marks. Dancing, being boys, they bounce and bought our things. All the stuff. It was really, it's not good. Thirty QA and hello. You got? Yes sir. I don't remember the name of the song, but back in the disco days, I'm sad to say I remember the singer's name was Gloria Gainer. Gloria Gainer and I will survive. Eric, your chef. Was that it? That's it. Thanks, Kyle. You have the point. Okay. Isn't that the one he's talking about? Here comes Gloria Gainer. Was it part of time? I was a basketball player. I was a basketball player. I was a basketball player. I was a basketball player. And now. Yep, I'm thinking I'm gonna get a basketball player. I'm just thinking I'm gonna get a basketball player. Right. But then I've been so many nights thinking I was gonna get a basketball player. Yeah. Yeah. That's my theme song. I will survive. But it is. I'll survive. Everything is funky door man. Everything is fine as G.I.1. 1121. QM. We got all the Super Bowl and Sports stuff from radio role. In fact, I'm sure that's probably a lot of resentment over the fact that we're interrupting something. I'd be more happy to head over to them now. Just head right across. It's kind of that pre vacation feeling I have in my bones. Is that word? It's all over the place. WQA in my ass. QA in. Hello. Hey, Neil. So let me guess. You all truck. What's your Denny's the go get lunch? Am I leaving a bombing device? Yeah. Hey. Believe you leave the hazard lights flashing. WQA in. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. So all those songs out the window because they have the two days in history. Okay. Afternoon delight. Now I'm not sure if that day or not because it was a gun as daughter that did it. And then that one. Hollywood. Two guys were rollerblading backwards. Listen to that haircut 100. Long long one. Okay. So that's good. What do you think about it? Oh, that is so. Yeah. What's good about that song after you go? I mean, it's gay as in lame, not gay as in homosexual. Well, that's how it can pull means. Right. That's how I know it way to make gay as in lame. You know, that's what it means there. Well, I don't really care. Am I one of these hippy, hippy, hippy, hippy, hippy, hippy, hippy. He's speaking. Well, I hear a hippy. I think a hop-along chance of maybe gay behase. Peter and Gabby, he's looking at rustic, either embossed. Yeah. Yeah. He appearance is similar to vice-raptant duct tape. Whether there was a power whether that turned out to be that. You know, these people need to be dragged off and put it in a mental institution. These prosecutors. Yes. They're really plot-off and speaking of gay. They're gay. They're this guy looks like he's a son of bad day, most of the humorless, city in the world. Uptight baby. Look at all the blue laws and the blue nose and the blue hairs and then the aroste hairs. And then the son of guys, they're just up in him or on. What is that? I mean, what a hair cut 100. Love's not so warm up, you guys. Yes. Oh. Now, this might have been the biggest band ever. Yeah. What about the pet shop, boys? Oh, yeah. Because of fan REM. Because of band is gay, doesn't answer the question of the pole man. You guys are missing the point. I don't know. They won't gay song. You're way way out of here like, Go gay isn't lame. That's so gay. Okay. That's not the intent of whoever sent us this stupid ass pull. I'm at the great pole. What is the gay song? We know exactly what they mean. As in a homo, Faggy. Oh, look, they're so... Yeah. They're showing the, these devices getting blown up. They get scared. They're going to move to pull it up the device with a little box. The entire device could get that. Look at the color of those gloves. Blue. That's fine. That's fine. Whatever. Fear. On rest. The only thing we have to do is the cartoon network. Let me take a look. Now boys and girls. Well, some of the most stupid stuff I have ever seen in my life. This is just enough to make you want to get in your hands and ease. And pick up gigantic chunks for hours and days and weeks on it. You know, drive it up and down 4401 as you know. There's flashing neon signs everywhere. How about neon? Let's put his ass in jail. We're a philosopher. He's a good guy. And those pimps would say, where's that? And then in a felt-and-as show, whatever that is. I'd just like to know the kind of people who watch those shows. You know, they, the pre-game show and all of the crap. And there's Jimmy Johnson and Danny Boyne. They're all slapping each other on an ass and a high five of the things. That is serious question. Yeah. You want to know the guys. You know what? I'm trying to guide our station. That was right. It was just going to say you've got them all. And the 600 people that listen to it, you've got the audience. They all work here. We used to. Well, they are so negative. Man, this is your super-gualization man. I'm not saying it's super-gualization. This is double-decule. A.M. All sports radio. But the other was the official super-gualization of the station. That's not what the hell they are. Who knows? The official money station. Where's the government at school? The school station. The school station. That's the government. That's the government. I'm planning an out of town all the time on business. Well, they're about to look at for a good sports-talk radio station. And they're having a fine meal Rogers. See, honestly, to you. Potetic. Very pathetic. Yeah. And this guy is, I mean, this is all you got in on sports-talk radio. It is horrible. Yeah. I definitely try to find somebody who hired that for sure. And his whole GD thing and everything else. Just know on one day we'll all face the moment. Oh, yeah. Face the ball, Robert. I'll take it. Yeah, haven't read during God Bless You when Yadi Adi and Burwahatau tonight and Hubby and Drea. And how do you like that? Yeah, if this is all you got on sports-talk radio with her six and seven shares, while the rest of the day, Farce Kato is really big numbers. Hey, Robert, you're a schmuck. Okay, you're what's wrong with America, Robert. Play like men and they look like women. Do I have a good time? No, no, no. I just hope advice you never feel God. We can be quite hopeful all day. Who cares about an audience of revenue? What is this with what we like, right? Wow. Who, who are you fellas? Isn't it a good time? Yeah. Thank you for getting rid of that meal and that's what I'm talking about. Meal and that joy. Are you sure? Just one question fellas? Yeah. One of you ever heard a radio before getting a job here? No. No. That's funny. Meal her tonight. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. See her. For the last year, you let me give you a good stop for a moment. I hope you're feeling good. I'll get it. You're going to be a good one. Yeah. Yeah. I lose faith and he's a coward and a traitor. Okay. Everybody. Help. Yeah. I'm going to be a good one. You. I'm going to be a good one. I'm going to be a good one. Yeah. Of course. I'm going to be right now. Next year, but don't go for that. I'm going to tell you that right now. Okay. Can't see the green. 1131 and 560. 11QM and for the poor. Here's an excellent suggestion. This might be the winner. I'll go to the long way to go to catch him. Take him through the tool. Wooo! Do you wear and suck show? I'll show him up the phone. If you do this, he's all ticked. The roof is actually with me. Tiff's all too absurd. Time's in. The indominable. It says, now he's croaker something. He did. I don't have that. Did I? You don't have it. Let her go looking for it. Well, I'll be there. You don't have tipped through the tool. It's like a mud and everything I got it. I'll figure what else I got. I got 200 ti. And now here's Timmy Dean. Founder of Timmy Dean forks sausage with a few words about new Timmy Dean's Bagel Sanctions. Hello. I'm Timmy Dean. You know, he's someone that told me 25 years ago that I'd be making bagels. I'd have said, huh? That's Jew food. Yeah, that's what he was saying. That's Jew food. But anyway. By the way. Yes. So I'd say it's always with a bacon. So many men so little time by the weather girl. Somebody suggested. So many men and so little time in weather girls. They seem to have one track mind. Just like me. I should do. It's raining men and so many men and so little time. Okay fine. Is that it? I don't even know that sound. What is the answer? That'll be good. It's the bed. Oh yeah. Make the bed maybe really pretty. Pretty quintile be raining and getting in. I don't want to worry. Okay. Wake me up before he's over. I'll be here. I'll be here. Now that I'm at 32 votes on the pole. We got a shot at the sun for them. They will get whatever we get. I got a bunch of, I don't know if I have time to read this. I guess I do a sad story. Bob Geiger on a smoking shimp. Young Marine dies of PTSD and neglect. Jonathan Schultz was a US Marine. He died earlier this month at the age of 25. Not in Iraq but back home Minnesota. He died of wounds received during a seven month tour of duty. And Iraq wounds different from the ones that are in Schultz. Two purple hearts. This young man died of post-traumatic stress disorder. Of wounds to the soul and not the flesh. He died because the government that was there to send him far away to fight in 2004. Wasn't there for him when he got home. Schultz had a harrowing time in Iraq spending time in the heated battles of a Vermontian April 2004. While it was there 35 Marines in his unit were killed including 17 of them and just 48 hours of combat. The young Marine was wounded twice in battle. But returned home to rebuild his life and to cope with the things that he had seen. Things he had done in frenzied laws. But by the time he was discharged from the Marines in late 2005 he was deeply troubled with images of combat and violence that he couldn't get out of his mind. According to Minnesota Press Report Schultz went to the Veterans Administration Center Minneapolis the Center for 14th of last year. This last month. Mement with the psychiatrist was told that it could only be a minute for treatment four months later in March. On January 11th of this year just a couple weeks ago a company by his parents he went to the VA hospital in St. Carbon, Minnesota and told people the VA facility that he was thinking of killing himself. They told Schultz that they could not admit him as a patient in Santa Monica's way. The next day January 12th Schultz called the VA. We are reiterating he was feeling suicide. Lee was told he was number 26 on the waiting list. A man who would risk his life at Iraq and done everything that was asked him by the West government was told by that same government that the sacrifice of the B.B. paid by being 26 on the list of veterans similarly crying out for help. Jonathan wanted help. So bad said Mary and Schultz Jonathan stepped mother. At the end of the conversation, Jonathan got off the phone so he's distressed. On January 16th Schultz called his family and told him they was going to do it. He was going to kill himself. His family called the local police who raised the house. Hickland is during found him hanging from electrical cord. Attempts resuscitating him were unsuccessful. Having read about Schultz while on trip to Minnesota Senator Byron Durgan, Democrat at North Dakota, brought the story to the floor of the Senate and went into the record on Monday. The story is nearly unbelievable to me. He said, Jordan and the speech on the Senate floor. They newspaper description of the flag-grade coffin of the young Marine who were in two purple hearts fighting for his country in Iraq contains a sad sad story. A young Marine who should have gotten medical help for serious psychological problems that were the result of his wartime experience. The Marine's family says that he couldn't sleep but have nightmares, reliving the combat he had experienced and suffered from vivid flashbacks when awake. He was a delayed casualty of Horace father Jim Schultz of yet and on veterans set of Jonathan. Jonathan Schultz who leaves behind his fiancee a six month old daughter and who had another baby on the way was a machine gunner who wrote often was parents about what he was experiencing in Iraq to fire fights the bombings and dismembered bodies blown apart by IEDs. I pray so much over here in Ask God to keep me out of harm's way to make it back home alive in a one piece he wrote to his parents in 2004. I've been I easily pray over a dozen times today and I always pray while I'm on patrol is I'm terrified of getting hit by an IED aka a bomb. Our vehicle elements and Marines on patrols are getting hit hard by these bombs, the Iraqis plant all over and hide on the ground. He survived all of that only to come home and find neglect the results of a administration big on tax cuts for the wealthy but not real strong and taking care of veterans returning home from the war created by George W. Bush and until this month left unchecked by the new nothing Republican Congress. As his often the case when things like this happen the V.A. is setting privacy laws and won't talk about the Schultz family's account of what happened to Jonathan or Germany commented all. But Senator Durgens says he's going to press for answers. He says I'm going to ask the Inspector General to investigate what happened in this case. He said I'm the senator floor. What happened to the young man who was in Marine veteran with two purple hearts turns out that the V.A. Center and says I'm thinking committing suicide can you help me can you admit me and he's told no the list is 26 long in front of you. Another show up at V.A. centers and say I need help only to be told no help is available. I hope that's not the case. I think it's the unbelievable cost of war in the war. I don't like that. What a story. That's your body like I told you your president. All you those 30 percent of our still clinging you clinging on you hangers on still sucking on the bushes of backside pathetic. Traject of butcher the butcher of Washington the butcher of Baghdad the butcher of the universe and of course don't forget we still got her Iran on horizon. Oh yeah the Iranians there behind the killing of those Iraqis and but a week but a week but a week and a week. I mean you know you see him planting the seeds in the media same old crap and the doodiful of being in media that makes me sick my stomach. What's the gay dog ever and that's our pull question. Who cares about the dead people when we got gay songs to worry about right that's right that's right. My NCA 253 it's off to the races by self baby nobody can touch the YMCA and who would want to wash real clean. I would scour myself with body wash after I came out of that joint. When I was in Rochester we had the JYMA the Jewish young and association how about that. I think we used to swim naked there too. I want their to. Yeah the surprise. What? Oh Jesus wasn't there was a lot of women that. Hey nothing like naked swim and baby what's wrong with that. Yeah little girl. I'm a one sixty six. When wake me up before you go go one fifty two. What are girls? It's rainy man hallelujah one twenty four. Very man low at the couple one thirteen right said Fred I'm too sixty for my body ninety five. You should live so long. He looks like right said Fred looks just like this guy in the court just he and they're with a rock to the bottom. Yeah I hear it get a clippers for this guy okay Jesus whatever it is he looks guilty. Village people in the night. I hate this pool seventy five six and percent. Saw our people. Dianne Ross I'm coming out thirty eight George Michael in faith twelve keep the faith sweetie culture club karma comedian eleven Frankie goes a Hollywood and relax don't do it eight. Rod Stewart you think I'm sexy not a chance five. Tiny ten tiptoe two to two to two and I feel sixty five blue one there's mayor many or father and never never gave us a little little. I think he's got the you know like a dawn veto with the orange peel it is to good yeah he sounded like the late the what's his name just an art book wall. Maybe when our daddy passed along met the quagal to the mayor boss. Radiance dumb as dirt. Everybody wants to be president of the United States. And if the song will be money for nothing my diet is straight. My son carry an elbow on to what she has and so. Everybody wants to be president of the United States. And that a great chance to see what's behind looking just like any other guy. He's preparing a ring to which they can really read. With the cast of the fancy ones to lead to Democrats. The time to support a person where the pumpkin has. The really wants to be president of the United States. Father, he takes his tail and looks at pictures of the day. He would be his life to see. The prince and his birthday. The really wants to be president of the United States. She wants to catch those online to people. Rago mama with a voice that sounds like fingernails running down the top board. Screaming from a podium. Lover hosting just getting some hiding from his wife and a child of a slight Gerald board. Everyone wants to be a president in 2008. And I'm actually desperate now when the Democrats today. We saw him this year and I look back at the line. I'm excited to present him the ball in 2008. All guys prepared heaven help us. It's 11.45 and 5.60 WCQA. And here's a fact that says. First of all, this is another one of those set-up factors from across the street. And possibly by the way, Clarets was in the North Carolina for Monta And I understand Chris. Right. Tell me what you're telling me. So maybe he was over his. Yeah. Maybe he's over there with a massaging stewbass is ego or something. Maybe they were like taking a shower together. Or like swimming naked. It says, first of all, I don't blame you for suspecting the validity of the facts. I said, we're guarding Clarets visiting Joe Rose studio. I'm sure the guy's across the street tried to pull a lot of crap on you out of jealousy. Do the fact that you have a higher share than all of their day parts put together. So I understand if you completely misfigured this facts as well. But I still want to try to explain what happened. Okay. I sent that facts on Tuesday and that morning is when the event happened. Not Wednesday morning. I sent the facts to it about 140 using the same internet facts facts service I'm using now. The problem is that it doesn't send the facts immediately. There's a father 30 minute delay. I kept checking how far the status of my facts up till you're showing it. And by the time you're sure was over, the facts still hadn't been sent. In fact, I even got an email saying this goes on and on and on about when he's in the middle of the day. And I said, no, what did he know? And when did he know it? It says again, if you think I'm some lackey from across the street, I don't play who cares. Okay, why would anybody? What are you trying to say, pal? I have no right to take all the time to write this. I mean, I only read a couple of cents of it. This gigantic paragraph of nothing. Of nothingness. Who cares what their Clarets was over there. Okay? He was a massaging Joe Rose's egos. And who knows what he was doing? Maybe he and D.F. We're like a planned dark board. What are they calling it, Darts? Or maybe they were just cutting parts. I don't know. Side joists. Who knows? Jesus. Some of you people get a life plea. I have no life. God. Senator Joe's advice in his lunch is bid for the White House on the issue of a rank, but yesterday his campaign was signed, cracked over race. Like everybody these days, Biden declared online, but it was old media that got him a personal comment he made about another White House, hopeful Senator Barack Obama, recorded by a reporter for the New York Observer. I mean, you've got the first sort of mainstream African American news articulate and bright and clean. And in a nice looking guy, I mean, that's a story book, man, man, Biden said. Yeah, black guy who's bright and clean and nice looking. Boy, in our articulate, Biden later called Obama then spoke to reporters during conference called saying, oh, Obama understood what he meant. This is a guy who's come along in a way that's kept to the imagination of a country and a way no one else has. That was the point of everything I was saying, Biden said. Right. A black guy who can actually speak, who's bright and clean and nice looking, as opposed to, f***ing, and the blind. Right. But late Wednesday, Obama released his statement, season that Biden's use of the word articulate. I didn't take Senator Biden's comments personally, but obviously they were historically an accurate Obama said. African American president, as well as candidate like Jesse Jackson, certainly to his, crum-mosedly, Brown and Al-Sharpon give a voice to many important issues to their campaigns, and no one would call them in our articulate. Said, maybe Jesse. He liked to rhyme if he got the time and all out of the crap. Civil Rights Lady Jesse Jackson said last night it was a gaff. It was not an intentionally racial, perjured statement. It could be interpreted that way by somebody meant. And to guess he probably said statement. Nobody else says statement. Right. Jesse. Biden would miss he has a tendency to blow the eight, has made indelicant remarks before last year speaking about Indian Americans. He said, you can't go to a seven-leven or dunk in donuts unless you have a slight Indian accent. It's a point. I'm not joking. You said. What do you mean? You can't go to a seven-leven or dunk in donuts unless you have an Indian accent? How about that? Erp. I don't know what that is. I think what he probably meant was he can't work there. Biden's first president for one twenty years ago was on that night for evidence emerged that he used a, he then he plagiarized a speech from a British politician, Neil Kinock, better known as. Damn, God! He's not legendary like I am. In the interview with an New York observer, Biden also came out swinging against his rivals over the war. He said about John Edwards who wants to remove troops from Iraq immediately. Okay, John, what about the chaos that will ensued? We have any interest John left in the region? And about Senator Hillary Clinton is planning to put a cap on US forces now in Iraq. Cap art troops and withdraw support for the Iraqis. Now that's a way to good idea. I'm not being a wise guy here. No, I think about it. During the political damage his comments once denied Biden released a statement saying, I deeply regret any offense by remarking the New York observer might have caused anyone. That was not my intent and I expressed that to Senator Obama. Okay, I guess what you could look, Senator Obama's ass, how do you like that? His backside. His articulate good looking ass or whatever it is. Remember that picture we saw of Barack Obama swimming or whatever we were to say. It wasn't swimming naked, thank God. He doesn't have the greatest body going anywhere. I would wish I would have hoped for it as a great body. Well, maybe that Denver that real world Denver episode comes out maybe that guy could be our first gay. Present, I vote for him in a heartbeat. I mean, you look at that clip that we got on the screen. Yeah, you. The guy kiddie of all the girls were having a great time. The brother in the tub was having a problem with it for some reason. Was he really? Yeah, he was going to play the gay. But we went in all the way through there and complaining that they wouldn't be talking to him. Just sit back and enjoy the show, buddy. Yeah, my hair is so good. Probably a fact. Okay, what is the gay song? I'm tired of reading this, I don't like it. Usually I don't like reading results of the pull. It's just ponderous, you know. 1172 votes and of course the runaway winner hands down your pantalones. Village people in YMCA, the gay song ever 258. That's all. I don't want to go down the whole list. You know, it's just so gay. I don't know. You don't want to say it? Very bine hard, right? What habeas corpus means to you? Or you got some calls, I better take a few calls, or you know, I don't know why. WQAM, hello. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Yes. A great show. Yes it is. Is that okay? Would you rather have sex with a woman or listen to me? Yeah, okay. WQAM, hello. QAM. Oh, see this thing is acting up again. QAM? It's acting up. And is the hormone song with this, get looking, what is it? I'm a big knock. I love it. It's a WWE QAM, hello. Hey, no, no. It's so close to lunchtime, too. Yes, sir. Hey, let me turn this down. Okay. Okay, here it goes. Yeah, thanks for printing that story on the website of the plan that Obama has. Right. I reported that on my my space. Everybody else carried it. Who doesn't. Actually, brass the man, make no mistake about it. Don't keep the full ban, he imitation. Obama. Maybe you got it. Thanks. There you go. There you go. Barack Obama, man. But this phone is making really, really good. Like that. But of course, we got no engineers and they're not going to touch you around with the anyway line ones been out order for like months and months and years. And do we really care? No. As long as that money keeps rolling and maybe that's all we care about. As long as I can go like this, they can find me a good machine on. But I was pretty miraculous, you know. WQAM, hello. QAM. Hey, good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Good evening. Do you have low love on that list? Low low by the King's now we're talking to you. Yeah, obviously. That's what I think. That's how the winner. I got to ask you a question. You said to be coming to social butterfly. Oh, yeah. I don't know that if you're going to Amsterdam next week, but I'm going to be there. Okay. Okay. All right. Just as I'm going to say, if you see a guy with a white came with a red tip walking around a red light district walk up to say hello, I can see, but I care to King because I don't see well. I see. And my girlfriend's going for the first time. Are you taking a girlfriend to Amsterdam? Oh, what a bad idea. Well, I'm sorry. Well, I'm 51 and she's 23. Like I said, excellent idea. Hey, Neil, pal. There you go. And you can see far enough to see that. Oh, yeah, hold on. Oh, she should be spend a most of her time in the coffee shop. Well, good for her. Okay. Have you had a time pal? Hey, Neil. Yes. One more quick question. Yeah. What's she's kind of like bisexual? What do you know? Do you know what? You like the best gay bar over there? I'm serious. What do you mean? Why would you ask something like me about gay bars? Somebody told me you were gay. I heard that one. No, I don't know. Caw, pound gold scene. Who give you some good stuff? I mean, I feel like you're out on this or whatever. Yes. I'm hitting this drop. I'm hitting it. I'm popping it. I'm hitting it. Oh, I hate it. But it is. Oh, and now it's not connected. Well, there you go. Maybe you see where I have technical issues again. I'm not even raising a, I'm going to fart about it. You know, I'm not raising an eyebrow. It's just the way it is. You know, we got all the engineers out there. Of course, for the Super Bowl, maybe, and I'm like, we're going to do after a Sunday, when the Super Bowl is over, and the bear's kicked that then, cool, so I saw over the field by show of yourself. That's Sandy Peyton Manning. He gives me butterflies. He gives me spilkeys watching him play. You know, I'm talking about Chris every place. Like that same thing. And he's like, oh, no, over there. And I ain't changing the signals. And he's just, it gives me an nervous breakdown. Can't stand it. And I said, go and do the defense. So the defense sucks. The defense blow. You're talking about the other team. The bears defense probably were there. I know what he's talking about. I know my football. Mr. I was watching football before you were born. Okay. I watched the Redskins in the Bears, like 72 to whatever it was. Redskins in the Giants, 1956. Whatever it had I was. And Sydney years ago, Sydney always being pressed when somebody says, Oh, before you were born, I was a yati, yati, yati, yati, yeah, you know what that means? That means you're old. You're going to be dead pretty soon. Ha ha ha. That's what they all say to me. Mr. Hogshot, Mr. Expert, Mr. Fancy Pants, you're old. And you're going to be dead soon. I'm going to be dancing on your grave and having a fantastic time. And screwing up a storm while you're, uh, but the worms are eating your old ass. Coach Don Schueler. And I say, like, Bob, hope on assing. And I want to tell you, it's the 12th or the one hour or whatever it is. He said he did it. Well, he lost one of his most dynamic and influential superstars. He really did, really dead. James Brown died early this morning, and had lunch on hot settle. He said he did, thinking in a box with a flower by his head. He's not very happy. I think he'll be very young, but a white one, some of this red. Everyone already said farewell. There's been over a month and you started to smell. But there's a people lying your will. Just why are you buying his deal? I am in the living room. You don't say your word. I'm waiting for you to say how or then get on up. Man, I'm twisted. No one will bury me. No one will bury me. And I'm starting to rock by the minute. Would you bury me this minute? Maybe no one will bury me. No one will bury me. And you put me in the ground by tomorrow. And I'm really starting to believe that you think it is. I'm in the supposeable. I'm going to have a way to back you for real. Oh yeah, he's still doing a baby. He's still cranking at 12, 11, 5, 60 WQ and no forget we got all that. Super Bowl stuff from Radio Roa to Mad Dog and then the power hours with the Humphrey and the Mad Dog together. Panthers in the captain at the McAureen at any interest. I don't know. I'm a little teeny tiny. No, no, no. Get all the way up. That won't help. And then after the hockey game we got Super Bowl Overdrive with Craig Mishmah, I should know what a bit of it is. Super Bowl Overdrive, which means lots and lots of Josh Straffs and football talk and the Bears, the Colts and the Bears and Sandy Peyton Manning. Line 9 has been quite for a long time. QA and hello. Anyhow, I don't. OK, sir. Uh, but that was a great, that was a great, very long. He just played. It was fantastic. I give it about E2 on a scale of 10. That's why I'm legendary. That's why I'm legendary. I was in a couple of days ago, you were talking about the dumb execution and everything involved with that. I was just wondering, you know, what's your view on capital punishment? What's my view? I say, I mean, you know, for either ass. OK, that's what I said. But in his case, it was more like a lynching than capital punishment. Yeah, and you know, it's all over the hand and that as well. In addition, which we put in my mirror in a first place, where the ones that gave him the poison gas, where the ones that armed him, we stuck the C.I. And then in the first place, take a look at that picture of Rummy there, where that big smile on his post, shaking his hands, hey, said, I'm our man, but it would be pretty good. And then this is just to show them up, you know. Just to show them off so we can still be run and tell about all of them. Of course, I read all those articles to my repeating them. Well, that's because of the guy answer. There's only black. I've got obscene attention getting this. But yeah, she's got a tissue. It's constipated Britman, the constipated Brit. I am not going to go over to see them constipated Brit. Sorry. I'm going to go over to the whole diet of theirs. You know, that bangers in mash and I spotted a **** that we can't even see on here. Tooth the whole it. When people are eating something, they have to hold the whole. What's that all about? Back to the God. It's pretty nasty stuff. I've been told. W to Q a n hello. I'm too a n. Q a n. Q a n. Yes sir. Wouldn't they have feed on it? The person's bright lights and Boston wouldn't they have feeded permit? Well, actually, you think they got a good idea? Well, actually, you think they got a permit? Do they need a permit to hang Sodom and speak of that? Think it no permit? I'm a permit. I could have put a permit on there. It's just the whole thing is just so as to understand. This is America for it. We've degenerated into a country of silly people. You know, why people get in butchered and slump and come and back with that arms and legs and eyes and brains and anything else. Kishies. That's the kind of thing they worry about. Zyna America, baby. You even have it. W Q a n hello. Hey, no. Yes sir. How are you? Great. Uh, let's wonder if you have some tickets to the department. Can you give me? Yeah, sure. No problem here. I'll relax. Just remind us of window. How many were? Yeah, here. Well, I threw him a whole bunch. They're on the way. Right. Oh my god. Hey, listen. I'm trying to cause a really stellar last couple of days. What's that all about? Don't stop. No. What about W Q a n hello? Any of our you. Great. Um, I think one of the gay songs ever seem to love. We got somewhere. Sure. Yes. Well, what's again is it's just because they're really gay? Yeah, what? Let me say song gay. Hey. Take your command. Know that the song is all about homosexuality. Well, that's the thing to do it. Okay. Let us put it on to display here and see. I'm gonna be in the way. Yes. I'm gonna be in the way. Yes. I'm gonna be in the way. There's a bunch of queens saying that. Don't make it jail. Okay. Just because there's queens in the way. I feel love got to. I'm gonna be in the way. I got to. Back then. You fell. We said. You fell. We said. You fell. You fell. You fell. You fell. You fell. And I'm gonna be in the way. Tainjay. No. Is it? They are. They're all well. We've been talking about. People like the culture club they. You know, we put that on there. I mean, we could put it on there. But as usual, not answering the question. Well, they're not answering the question. There's a pull question. That's why you're not a whole bunch of money. Maybe it's not such a good question after all. Because there aren't that many, we need very gay songs. How many guys sing gay sounding songs? We sound the village people. That's why YMCA is leading the pack. Leader of the pack, baby. Two 81. We didn't say pack to thee. That was bad. Sorry. 1211 votes on the poll. No, not too shabby considering what a marginal poll. It is we apologize for not being one of the best. But people are sending in all kinds of good crap. Except that what about what kind of writing is. Oh, man. That was good. How long do you let your total? What kind of relevant instrument does Neil use during the show? And yeah, is he sitting in his box of shorts? Is he a peeing in his pants? He's got the bag hooked up with a long shoe. What's the deal over there? God. W2AM, hello. Hi. Neil. Yes sir. I was watching a countdown with Keith Olman last night. Yes. Richard Schelk. He read this the White House of Hyderabad New pastry chef. Yeah. And the guy that hired his nose for his book that he wrote deserves for dummies. Next one. I thought that was a class. Keith is the best Keith Olman countdown on MSNBC-890. Monday through Friday. Catch it or you go to hell. You'll burn it and help you don't watch. I'm saying that right now. You watch it? No. What I can remember, kid? Yeah. I want to remember he did. I wasn't whilst like an accident. It's after 9 o'clock in the evening. I'm just Joe Scarborough's on there. I turn over with MSNBC. No. No. Nobody wants another Joe. Please speak to Rainslise. I've started to matter. I'm not sure if he's the least game in an hour. I'm least TV right now. Wouldn't you chuck out of me? The only problem is they were coming from Earth. It's your chance to win a pair of air-conded North America passes along you to watch. In any joke, even if you're in the city anywhere, air-conded, fly to North America. You're going to meet with each dot com. All right. How's that panther TV thing coming down there? I'm going to ask out a big audience. WQAN. Hello. Hey, Neil. Do you have the very Malo Copa-Cabanda song? Oh, there you go. Now we're talking. See, you guys got it on the stands of the poll. Excellent choice. Thanks, Palette. Thanks, Palette. At the Copa, they smell the rope. Don't we have something like that? We have that Heavens Gate. That's a artwork container. What is it? Star Wars Cantina is to the tune of that. Boy, you are just... What dangerous as lightning, man? You're just really dangerous. Very little. We already have Copa-Cabanda on the poll for that guy. But thank you. We do? Sure we do. It's got 120. Oh yeah. What's through this guy? I thought, but that's a good choice. And of course it's got like four, four, four, five. That's Star Box Wars. What am I looking for? Star Wars Cantina. Oh brother. Oh I got no way to go. I got a better one than that for our good old friend. Oh, no, no, no, no. Cantina's now Star Wars. That was our one. The Phantom Studios. Early Skywalker. Larry One. Can't help me. And Motu D2. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh, oh my god. Oh, oh my god. Oh, oh, oh. Star Wars. The Phantom Studios. I'm going to find some things. Oh, oh. I did it the first period. I got another corner of yours. You just missed the difference. I said again, I had a dog. I started to the wrist walk. I had a blue shirt all get into it. All right. I was set right. I set deep under the leaps off. Can you hear Joe Boyne? It's starting to the fattest turn and collect around my buddy Joe's neck now because you know, it's not good. Losing out to Joe. Okay, we love you. You're the best. But he's a little on the punchy side. I bet you're wanting to hear probably the whole release ranges game. At least one through the one last night actually wouldn't come out. It's like we six out of eight. It's must be a miracle. They must be fixed. The BDQA and hockey central. Oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. The rainbow. Let's go. Oh, oh. Wake me up when you go go over the toilet. Does good. How about that? That's pretty gay, Judy Garland. Some more over the rainbow. Right? Well, just because all you fakes seem to like show tunes and her. For some reason. Yeah. Yeah. The song itself is not gay. That's correct. Yeah. See, I'm getting if you pardon you, expression sucked into the same kind of mentality. Some of these other people are doing this because Judy Garland was a fag hag saying the song and all the fags just love Judy Garland. And lies in the alley too, which I'm embarrassed about. I told you, I saw. What is that? Well, it's Doris Day. Oh, it's Doris. Oh, Doris is a ray. I got a lot of people. I mean, you were a little bit earlier. Doris Day rhymes with gay. Yeah. At least. Sounds like Judy Garland collection. 1218, I'm the full-light guy. Judy Garland's some more over the rainbow. That would be just a simple lady from the college. All of Judy Garland's hits. Yeah, so I read into some gay guys. How many of you? She had, she had like a bunch of hits. I can't remember. Take your time singing this Doris. Like what? What did she? Well, listen to that violin, man. Like they said in the fame, handled the bow like he handled your big respect. Besides the over the rainbow song, you have to buy your baby with a disability. You know what? I'll say that. Jerry Lewis, baby, I'm never record. That's what I want to hear. If you got Jerry Lewis, rock, a buy your baby. I will absolutely plus. You got it? Jerry Lewis? Jerry? Lady? Lady? That's your, Lewis. Yes, no. I only have Jerry. The Lewis. No, not your, Lewis. Jerry Lewis, rock, a buy your baby with a dicksy. All for the, before the show is up. You'll get it. You're going to give it all right. Okay, so I'm Judy Garland for all you, uh, thanks out there. I saw her with the, uh, RKO theater, the RKO Palisade, whatever it is in New York. It was a city years ago and senior once as I've heard of this 15 million time. She was great. So all right. So all right. See the once this was there and he had that thing on his hand. Looks just like you began to was in a dam. Problem is past noon at 5. 60 W to Q and a hold it. Oh, dry. You're doing love and you're accepted way. Which of but if you stole it from my space. Oh, we're going down with my ass on the fake road by now. RKO. Throw it online. Throw it online. Throw it online. I can be good looking or bad every age. I look in or maybe just strange. Look at all my girl, the book prints that I've got so far. To the mind. To the mind. To the mind. To the mind. Oh, dry. You're going down with my ass on the fake road by now. You're going down with my ass on the fake road by now. To the mind. To the mind. To the mind. I'm giving hope to the desperate and lonely. Even though I'm making it better be only. You never know what my reason for nothing but life. Throw it online. Throw it online. Throw it online. I'm giving hope to the desperate and lonely. I'm giving hope to the desperate and lonely. I'm giving hope to the desperate and lonely. I'm giving hope to the desperate and lonely. Throw it online. Throw it online. Throw it online. Throw it online. Throw it online. Throw it online. Throw it online. Throw it online. Throw it online. Throw it online. Throw it online. Throw it online. Throw it online. Throw about the right place. Throw it. Throw it online. Throw it. Throwing. Throw it online. Throw it online. Throw a slap on your mouth. Throw it online. Throw it online. Throw it online. Throw it online. And just like those guys that put those those cartoon those signs up there in Boston I say let's put them in front of the firing squad for that Irving hardened criminals I am igniting not and this is there. There you go. Let's get there as let's put them in the Uldus parking let's fire that baby up again because we're angry we're mad when we get mad We we fry people and we kill people that's even race for you Larry by and heart says what habeas corpus means to you speaking of corpses What is habeas corpus it is it some obscure Latin legalism one of the tricky clauses the ACA You'd use is to get evil doors out of jail. Does it mean the prosecution has to show a body in a murder case? Oh, yeah, habeas corpus Resid the basis of your protection from tyranny It is the right to be brought into court. It is fundamental to and sort of show a hand for sure hand for the right to be in the legal system With laws and judges evidence and the defense Hi there John doses the police minister or we've come to take you away But I'm Jane Roe not John do you say which is true and you have the body parts that supports such a distinction as well as some paperwork And why are you taking me away? Don't really care who you claim to be in the charges none of your business Say they're more talkative of the two officers soldiers or whoever's grabbing you Wait, let me tell my family and come I love you say not a chance Says differently police person coming you and throwing a bag over your head You're crying through the hood. Both bill full That will teach you the spirit the president says the talkative officer kicking you to make a move To make you move and undermine his war on terror It's not against the law to smear you try to save it. They can't hear you and neither will anybody else because you have no right of habeas corpus Under habeas corpus you have the right to say I want to be brought into court to determine if I'm the right person charged If there's an actual awkwardening what I'm charged with if the people are holding me have the jurisdiction to do so and I'm not that publicly Know and I want to write to dispute all of that and the right to be tried to Without habeas corpus you can be swept up off the street never heard from again period nobody has to know Nobody including yourself has to know why nobody gets to determine if there's a log in so what's your charge? Would you have no rights at all? In America the Constitution for bits taking habeas corpus away from you except in case of verbatine or invasion the public safety shall require it It was written that way because the right of habeas corpus was a basic right even under the king of England It was the most basic check on the king's tyranny. It was assumed Attorney General Alberto Vio 5 Gonzales now served something he thinks is very tricky and clever What if you never had such a right? Then not giving you the right of habeas corpus wouldn't be taking you to wait that would allow us present to order someone Snatched up off the street or from their homes and then anything could be done to them prison for life torture Kiel sent to another country and nobody would even have the right to ask our government if our government imprisoned that person or why or if he was the right person Gonzales assertion is intended to do two things All of these things first to a lot of the government to be moved rights that are so fundamental that they are pre-constitutional that they enable all our other rights And the second is in defense and advance for the president and his minions They can claim that they thought what they were doing was legal after all the Attorney General the U.S. wrote them a memo that said it was and if he was wrong Well, then if it goes to court in the court says so then they'll stop doing it so see they acted in good faith habeas corpus means you are in a society of laws without it You're in the line of thought of who's saying I'll get finished and off it. Lord Joseph Stalin I've been the terrible and yati adiada and of course George David I've who got ready like that That's written by a Larry by hard smoking chimps smurfling chimps Well, suspects in Boston bomb scares please not gilly how they're gonna live their lives in the future and how they're gonna look at the past For hold on a second. I was for example Afro I think comes kind of from the semides But then again, there's other styles like the grease stop hair when they actually use grease And I'm not totally sure where that comes from time I read it out it's from the 20s or from the it's definitely not from the 60s I don't think the 60s sort of we're taking this very seriously Yeah, please don't interrupt the 60s I heard that there okay I my understanding is that these guys are kind of making a group of this this process of this moment right now and Apparently in the court this morning there was a little bit of this going on as well Boston bureau chief Dan Lothian standing by the county here and she looks very agitated about first they're making a microwave using He's very very highly an excellent. They're yucking it up now. You know, I mean something is important as the cartoon That were like they were explaining something that it was sort of bizarre I have no idea what I can tell you is what happened to the colors of the walk in They were making you know, they were waving they were kind of giggling a little bit We were told that they were very nervous and and was certainly surprised by the extent to which this situation is In their sense has gotten out of control Beyond the you know, I have no explanation for what's going on behind me I did hear a little snippet though is that they are taking this one of them said that we are taking this seriously So perhaps Well, I that Tony Harris Oh, yeah, he's going on like a bad shape about this Oh, you're the food if he taking this very seriously Look at that scowl on his face like he's about going to kill some and now he's the one we ought to be worried about just like in godfather three When she says Michael now they will fear you when he turns and says I think they should fear you We are moon and nights from the inner core of the moon Exactly I'd watch it man In fact, I've said you the only thing more dangerous than moon and ice You know Oh talk about it tonight talk about nights and lemonade The amendment the amendment man. Memonize The men and I said it was it put a minute and after shave, aren't they that's nice yourself men try men and Okay, slaps himself up the side of that I'm into my life myself slapping myself at the side of it. I need it. I use I use what why use Uncle velvet. Okay. I thought you were going to say after shave Come under 39 votes and 1240 now is changing as I speak names this is setting or what what I want to what to do man He doesn't just have red box he's got deadlock saying listen These are these are items these are devices that had batteries and wires and we're playing I got a very room with the band where Bob Selfish properly be placed in a bar where a bomb would be done so they're taking it very seriously But obviously, you know, there is some bizarre behavior on the part of the two suspects Well, there you go. They're a little bit bizarre Little bit of them and they're not taking it seriously enough to please don't hear us unseen and he's got a real skull on his face You people with those bombs those are cartoon bombs, man You better cut the crap. That's right cartoon bombs from the cartoon channel It is those terrorists or notorious for their sense of humor. Yeah, they really are they're gonna kill you with humor and kill you with kind this man 244 votes on the pool and run away winner gay as song of all time My MCA the village people 269. It's almost 100 ahead of whatever second place Machuane we could play that machuane for about four seconds and then of course we're in big big trouble I think it's hard to fix see that's when play that the machu man's speaking Not well, but speaking 25 has no lucky way and holy makin' on this is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God Are. What I want to die tonight. I want to. They say you can't draw more time and fight. We're the big one on his head. Or they'll kill each other. Don't the wine, I want to die tonight. I want to. I see, I guess, our short members. We've got to throw those killer cartoons man. That's been a vimish of rag that the... Spontains got all right. So you know what, hands big fans of cartoon images, the Muslims are. They just don't like those nasty images and more hamd. Maybe they get really all better shape than I think you did. So there are dangerous cartoons. There's a precedent for this. Two men play the guillotine, not guillotine. They choose me, not guillotine. They choose to charge as they created panic by placing bomb-like electronic light boards This playing a cartoon character with an upright-faced middle finger throughout Boston. Given the finger, baby. Assistant Attorney General John Grossman called the light boards bomb-like devices and said that they've been explosive if they have them. Let me say it again. They've been explosive. They could have them as the infrastructure and transportation to see. Well, if chickens peed, you'd have a flood, baby. And what does that mean? If they had been explosive. Peter Berdowski and Sean Stevens are being released on $2,500 bail. They were just on TV a minute ago. And then we're taking a very serious and a group ball on CNN was getting a very upset Tony Roberts. Well, there seem to be making a mockery out there. And you know, the reporter up there, he was just almost yucking along with him. And while you don't understand, we don't get it. Next, pre-trail hearing a schedule for March 7, right at down in your calendar. Yesterday, authorities shut down, Bridgeson and stretch of the Charles River, the scenes for our criticism of Turner Broadcasting System, make the parent company of CNN because the cartoon moonmen were part of a so-called virulomarketing campaign to promote the late night adult swim cartoon aqua teen hunger force. Well, how come they're not putting that on CNN? We are moonenites. Yeah, there's those moony nights. And what tell us this? Oh, it's from Norma. YouTube, but something rather, huh? Oh, geez. I don't have time to possibly be this right now, Norma. I'll look at it eventually. Can I go back to the show? The moonmen are moonenite. Well, I thought it was a men. My thing there buzzed. I thought it was an important message. The moonmen are moonenites as they're known to the show's faith. The light will be our moonenites, men who may frequent appearances on the program. Photographs of the moonmen or moonenites as they're known on the show's faithful are the link one out of space men who may frequent appearances on the program. The moonenites. Photographs of the device show several tiny light bulbs, protruding from a circuit board that houses wiring, at least four batteries. Oh, my God. Exactly. How do you like that? Stereo, don't we? The only one thing we can do better than that. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. For Donzki 27, a freelance video artist from Arlington, Madison Stevens 28, face charges of placing a hoax device in a way that results in panic. Oh, my God. As well as one kind of disorderly conducts, had Master Trinity General Martha Coupley. The hoax charges a felony, she said. According to his website, Redoskiesley graduate of Master Tuse's Culture Art who goes by the nickname Zebler. For Donzki has a green card of seeking a Solomon U.S. Aho. A website, www.zebler.com features a video of people assembling the LED moonman and dragging around Boston installing them on buildings and other structures. Turner Broadcasting has said a third part in New York advertising firm Interference Inc. He knucks at the campaign and the web videos Introductions states, the Interference Information Network takes on the ATHF referring to Aquatina Hanger Force. Interference Inc. had no camera to the incident. Boston Police Commissioner Edward Davis called the stunt Uncageable, how do you like that? Uncageable. Boston Mayor Thomas Minion would call it out Rages, so it looks like he had four great fruits in his mouth when he was speaking. He says, a prominent corporate greed. Democratic Representative Ed Markey, Boston Mayor Thomas Minion, it would be hard to dream up a more appalling publicity stunt. He was appalled. Filmed can't TBS chairman in C.E.O.S. and the city of the city. And Senate statement that police were notified as soon as Turner realized the marketing campaign was mistaken for something sinister. Sinister. We also directed the third party marketing firm opposed to the head to take them down immediately to the Senate statement, but while Minion owned coke, they called the Apology and Antiquid. Others disregarded Boston's responses much to do about nothing. Twenty-two-year-old time vendor and a design student at the Parsons School of Design in New York City saw one of the devices two weeks ago as the left-alarm's in South Boston. He said he was stunned when he saw a bomb squad removing them. It's not so threatening. It's a little bright. He told the newspaper referring to the children's toy that allows users to create pictures by placing translucent pegs into an opaque board. I don't understand how they could be terrified. It would be if it was a bunch of circuits blinking, but it wasn't he said. There was there a bunch of dummies, dumbasses. Turner said the device had been in place for two or three weeks in Boston, New York, LA, California, Chicago, Atlanta, Seattle, Portland, Austin, Texas, San Francisco, and Philadelphia. Hi, I have already invested the light-fords creates such a fear and Seattle and several suburbs. The sounds were removed without fuss. We haven't had any calls tonight, let me remind you, Miss Seattle, Post-Blessed Police spokesman Sean Woodham told the APS today. Police in Philadelphia told AP that authorities have confiscated 56 of the devices in New York City as three was shut down for 45 minutes after two of the devices were found on an overpass according to the New York Post. In all 41 of the devices were found in the Big Apple, in Boston, high-ever local state and federal authorities shut down to Boston University, and not what we've been through that before. Hopefully, emanated didn't rule out the possibility of criminal charges, or a civil suit to be cool what they say is, hundreds of thousands of dollars that his city spent can respond to the bomb scares. Massive Tusses' paid transportation authority spokesman Joe Pissot, Pissot Turo, who said the legal, the Prime Minister and Turner led her as an accompanied-away and versus city for all costs incurred during the hoax, but the authority had no fancy unilaterally filed a lawsuit. Officials believe there were 38-light-forced placed around Boston, some on private property, she said, as the last night, 14 of it had been recovered, and had a very sinister appearance of COVID-19 reporters and had a battery behind it and wires as it is. Oh yeah, so did Sally Fitts. As to about what the Massachusetts authorities have in jurisdiction, your rest police have a state-copied city believe they would if the offenses took place in Massachusetts. And adults swim, sure, channels faced with cartoon that were another turn to rent a price. The cartoon never broadcast during the day into younger audiences, and night, adults from takes over the awards with more mature programming. Oh my god, I'm right up past, oh there's only black, and to the very cat for people to have a room, did you have a bag? Oh, yeah, so pay, take some of the laksas and my mother left it in her will for you. Okay, Tony, go take some laksas. God. Those breads, you know what they all need, a good smith, that's what the breads need. Maybe that's why the baton birds yield that whole germin thing they need to smith in their remits. 1246 on the pool. What do we got? We got a shot of 14 today, 1350, 1247, whatever we get, we get 1248, see the way they're coming in in tiny chunks. The gays song ever, what else? That's a really crappy pool. I don't know how proud you are for it. Whoever said it in, probably go you know, swearing in me, because we've had list of sending in a lot of read good pools lately. In fact, here's a good, good pool for a manion. Wow. Halle, Luria, right man. The worst thing that out of town Super Bowl visitors could discover about South Florida is, that's got a list of all these you want to hear them? Because village people like C.S. still wait head in the year, gays song ever, 270, almost 100 head of macho man, so as village people, that engine. I wonder if default likes that song, because he's a good anyway. The worst thing that out town Super Bowl visitors could discover about South Florida is our traffic congestion. They want to move here. Our drivers are crime rate to cost of living. Our overpriced restaurants. So many non-English speakers. Neos, callers. Oh boy. Our local politics and politicians. Our local radio station. Our mosquitoes. Gators popping up in our yards. The quality of customer service. Our hurricane season. Our sports teams. Our local teamy personalities. The people are education level. And then it says, I'm going to have the time visit with sucks here. I'm not trying to visit or I love it here. And of course, I hate this pool. I think we got to lift. You're probably jealous of that. Of what the licking. No, not the licking. So I'm not looking. You're ass. I'll tell you that. Oh, God. There we go. We're back to that again. All these people with all of this. No, I'm just telling you that. I got the pole for tomorrow. And of course, you'd be on next week. Or those tapes. You're going to have to come up with a pool every day. Hi, I'm a sports fan. I love sports. I eat sports, drink sports, sleep on sports. And I listen to sports radio all the time. Because they give me the inside take on what's going on with teams and stuff. And now we got the super pole cover up. And I'm really getting hyped up with all this media stuff. You're doing like, like, like, the power of law. But I could be with what's happening. And we're going to do like, uh, go like to my friends house with a 60 inch screen. And we're going to drink like beer and then I've been dipping it. And I'm going to take off my shirt. I'm going to go in the game. Like, you see people doing like a super ball. And I'm going to go like this and go, Oh, I'm going to do that. You know, you know, you know, who you know, who you know, who you know, who you know, who you know, that, that, that, that, that meaning of the shale. Woo! And you know, sports is really all about my life. I love talking about sports. Talk about sports with my buddies and stuff. You know, because, you know, some of them they got wives and girlfriends. Stuff and I have an, I have an opportunity to have one of them. Oh, sure. When I'm with my buddies, I talk about getting laid. Oh, you sure, for a short short. I have one of those. I've got a name. But the mainly sports sports is what I know. That's right. I've got sports all the time. And I go home. I saw, I got really my official sees a hot plate. And I've sitting bed and dropped cracker crumbs in my underwear. And that's all my life pretty much consists of. I'm sad to sports. It was quite tight. I have no idea. So, I've got my life with, uh, uh, uh, pathetic. pathetic. So, I'm asking one question about sports. I like it. Anyway, we got to big Super Bowl coming up when we got all the year. Follow all in the hoopla on the, but if we put it with the top right here, I'm QAM. Believe me, more than you can probably handle. Although we who have the Panthers game on tonight, Panthers, hopefully the Washington capitals are with it to macarooner. Any interest at all? Yeah. Panthers hockey, you know. He shoots these scores stuff like that. At least be my New York two to one last time. The Rangers. Here's the game in an hour again. Oh, way to head at seven. That's your close buddy Joe Bollner. Your close personal buddy. Oh yeah. Good guy. Governor Charlie Christ moved this grandfather's controversial touch-me-en voting machines. Lumped his immediate change and made for do some little controversy of its own. It says. The governor said to formally unveil the proposal today. He's doing it with Bobby Wexler or Boca. In a preview yesterday before gathering a Florida newspaper editors and reporters, the governor said to be a good guy. The governor said to formally unveil the proposal today. He's doing it with Bobby Wexler or Boca. In a preview yesterday before gathering a Florida newspaper editors and reporters. The governor said to formally unveil the proposal today. The governor said to be a good guy. A lot of new papers, editors and reporters. The governor said the move is dictated by lingering memories of the 2000 presidential election debacle and public desires for a paper record of votes. In the case, say Reconnis needed. What could be more important to democracy than ensuring the integrity or elected process and to the very foundation of it all Chris said. Chris did not forget tales. Cast estimates of equipping each of the roughly 43 hundred touch screen free three have three things with at least one optical scanner reads paper bellers range from 25 to 35 million dollars, we're a long time a little friend of the Republican governor who probably knows that he's a said Chris would recommend spending enough money to buy optical scan machines for Palm Beach, Brown and the other 13 country counties, countries with electronic touch screen voting as they found these at a separate country. Make no mistake about it. The governor next needs to sell his finds at legislature not everyone thinks scrapping in my sheans is the right thing to do. It's possibly a very good idea. I have some concerns about the cost of state representative Ellen Baghdanov, Baghdanov, a four-lutter day Republican member of the House of Madrid leadership team who represents Palm Beach and Brown counties. What needs to come out of this is a debate on a menu of options. We need a menu just like in a go to Ristarante, baby, a menu. I think I'm going to stick with Morton, you know, for that big and meal. I'm sticking with that because I'm just getting overwhelmed by other stuff. In addition to which the Gables, I don't want to go to the Gables, I get lost there. It's all that happened. Yeah, it's like very far from me and I had lost it. I got no idea where I'm for years ago when I was doing the same thing. I'm a baseball, whatever it is for I was doing. You know, I had some idea where some of the streets were, but I don't know from the Gables anymore. So maybe Fleming's is great, maybe Normans is really sensational and of course, Sashmengrit. They're said that organic on a miracle mile is from hunger, what do you say? I mean, how bad can Morton be, right? Only what there was and it was great. The table rocks were really, really white. Yeah, I'm what does that mean? Nothing. The table costs are really, really white. Like over there, it's supposed to be full of smooths. Well, you know, little spotty little stain here and there, maybe some dinging. No, no, no, no. Speck of dinging. No, there was a little bit of a leaf. Oh, like really white. Okay. WDQA and hello. WDQA and hello. QA and Neo. Yes, sir. Looks like white, bright. That little company that makes the children sing is now a terrorist company, huh? No question about a man. They probably blow their ass out. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Dude, I love that Boston got honed and they're so embarrassed about it and they absolutely have nothing to do except try to file criminal charges against cartoons. Thank God, there's no crime and boss demands are good to make clean up that combat zone. I love it, Neo. I love your show. I'd like to tell you, pal. See, on the Amistig River Bridge, we'll all bring you to jump together. We are Moon and Knights. Yeah, the Moon and Knights, baby, their dangerous. They're gonna come and get you. Okay. There's Reverend Moon and there's quite a little bit of the Moon and Knights. Oh, brother. And this Tony Harris Jack, I saw him, and he can't figure out why my two guys are laughing over. Oh, he was out right there. This is in very serious. Oh, yeah, he was in Dignan, man. He was his endurance. Oh, I'm dead. Yeah. How dare you make light of the situation. No, no. Yeah, I wonder, terrorist threat in attack and but it will go through the prison and was there in terror. You know what's we don't have that anymore? No, we don't have that anymore. No, we don't have that anymore. No, we don't have that anymore. It almost doesn't make sense even played that bit anymore, but I do like it a lot. If I could have refined it, yeah. Like that. No yellow light, no orange light, no green light, no bright light, no dim light. Just a bunch of dim bulbs. Every day, a new, new morning. That's what's happening. Had a sense of the God out of that thing. That is so pathetic, man. Joyce, it is so sad what you folks are doing to us. But nevertheless, we got a great phone system. One of these days, when you least expected that line, one is going to load up again and then what that happens, then we're going to really be dangerous. You'll see. WDQAM Hello. QAM. Oh, ah. Sounded to me like you were somebody on there, but you never know. QAM Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Hey, about the super balls. My friend would say we need deep in the houtuah. Yeah, that's right. That's where armpits. Right. I'd smell it. I wanted to say I want to orange peak four years ago. And I'm not a big fan of eating or food or anything but I probably said that the last time I had any happiness in life four years ago. I don't want to peak. What did you do? Did something right there on the table? Is that one paid for and everything, you know? All right. Okay. Thanks, pal. That's the last time we had any happy this is like was four years ago. God, even I'm not that manic. You know what I mean? I can be pretty manic. Believe you me. Trust me. Where do you know that? Hmm? Well, that's just me. You know, I'm just one of those people. I can be, uh, to take this, the smallest thing. But I beat, but I'm about all geez. You know, here I go again. You like that. Just relax old man. Just relax. Everything is fine. That's right. Just pat me on ahead and say all is fine. Come on. Come on. Come on. Talk about my train. I'm going to say it. I'm going to say it. I'm going to say it. Remember that guy? QA and hello. You guys. You don't remember the guy that says you should talk about interesting things like public Trades. Yes, sir. I just wanted to interject the winner for tomorrow. If you don't mind me adding to that mole already. Go ahead. Uh, that people will come down and realize that not all of my amy is definitely like South Beach. Because everybody I talk to thinks that they just automatically assume that my amy is South Beach. Oh, yeah. And then they find out it's like about a half dozen blocks over there on the beach. And the rest of the town is like a toilet city. Exactly. There's five blocks of naked chicks and then the rest of the toilet. Right. Okay. Well, I'll figure that out. Thanks, pal. Thanks. Okay. The worst thing that they discover is that South Beach is only a few blocks. How's that? Okay. Well, is that inaccurate? No. Yeah. Well, I'm sorry. He doesn't sound too enthusiastic about my choice of wording there. Does he? I can pretend to be. Well, don't. All right. Don't start it with me. Okay. I'm in a wonderful frame of mind right now. I'm off on vacation tomorrow. I want to clock you or I take it over. I'm going to do a fine job or the tape. So whatever we put. Whatever. And that's what it takes to be really good. Sure. Thank you. I am. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? Great. Hey. I've been looking at our weekend surprise. No one's brought this up. Did you see the little blurb in the TV section on Sunday? About time, jika? My time. About one. It doesn't have a buy line, but it's the radio highlight. They got a little like a column where your highlight. And right now, I somehow missed that. Yeah. Well, the QA event says, by having you sidekick host to show half of the week for the past month, you're on your hardball playing, Mr. Pateoff. These backpacks, hold time now, continue to keep QA in the black. What does that mean? I don't know. I'm sorry. Who? Who wants to see stupid things? George is out in the summertime every summer. That's got nothing to do with the contract. I don't know. It's just he was in the hero. Oh, in the hero. Well, you know, in that case, I would wipe by some elephants butt with it. I'll put it in the photo roll in my back too. Okay. Thanks, Kelly. That's a good idea. When you write a trailer paper, just take the hero and just roll that baby out. Yeah. And you get the ink all over your back. The cheeks. Not good. Oh, there's nothing worse than getting caught with anky cheeks. Remember Jimmy, the writing, anky, anky, anky, do you remember that? Well, what does that mean? I sure would like to see that. Wouldn't you by putting his sidekick on as if? You know what? What does that mean? If it's in the hero, do you know it's full of crap? But I've put us back in the driver seat and back in the black. First of all, we're not in a black. This station loses money all the time because they're obsessed with nothing or why do you show sports? That's right. Yeah. We don't have any money. Nobody cares about the dolphins. It was always paid too much as far as the fact they wanted back now. Just like Joe across the street lost his ass millions, millions on the dolphins with that silly ass Jimmy's syphilis. You're fairly games. The worst. The absolute worst. John. I mean, people on the street corner say, you're here Jimmy's syphilis through the game. I said, well, you've got to be kidding me. The worst. Just like they say in Germany, the worst. But I was going to have that brought were says today, probably right in the right frame of mine, you know, for vacation. Good. Come on, we're at 80 votes on the pool. Boston is safe again. They got the teletovies. They got the moon and I saw it to control. What is the gas song ever? Vibris people YMCA 275, village people Macho man 190, and nobody's even close to them village people. That's why. What do that, whatever happened with your friend Marvin the raw man, see you ever get out yet or what's the question? The question is, what's the involved in with D4 and that you hear? What's the jail or anything? Do you really think there was a serious question? No, he should have gone to jail for when he was producing my show. Okay, just got me around. And when I'm up in Boca, take a slap in all the women would paint and let's around the pool. I listen to the new Rogers one or two of them. Yeah, I mean, I listen to the new Rogers iron balance one or two hours. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No one sounds crazy but she can't move and she can't use. Nicole Pardis, like a rascal. I forgot she found no stone that came around. And it just should have stopped. My daughter's killing me and I go. She's getting like a sire too. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She wants to get high. So high. She wants to drink his whole skin dead. Oh, die. She can't even get away. Oh, yeah. My daughter's scared. You're pretty. Yeah. She's getting like stones. One, two, five, six, you WQM, our red one and two are. Never get into that Super Bowl business, baby. Then we get rid of this. How's the ride? We get the important stuff on here, right? From radio a roll. What do you know on radio a roll? For example, you don't know from radio a roll. What do you know? We're all radio a roll. It's where all radio sthassunes are at the ascithable. Yes. They got right up the street. They're easily thrown through a brick from where you're sitting right now and hit a whole bunch of people in that radio a roll. The US government wasted tens of millions of dollars in a macroeconstructionate including scores of unaccounted for weapons and never used camp for housing police trainers with an Olympic size swimming pool investigators be sand. The quarterly audit by Stuart Bowen Jr. Eleanor V's kindergarten Joe Bowen. The special inspector general for a macroeconstruction is the latest to pay the grim picture of waste fraud and frustration and an Iraq war reconstruction ever that's cost taxpayers more than $300 billion left the region near civil war. No. By the way, dozens more dead than they in number two bombings in the hella, however, we're hilla. I mean, we don't even put those stories on anymore because it's just contemplates it's every day business. The security situation in Iraq continues to deteriorate hindering progress in all reconstruction sectors and threatening the overall reconstruction effort according to the 579 page report which is being released yesterday. Calling Iraq's sectarian violence, the greatest challenge, bull instead of telephone review that billions, billions, your tax dollars, how to work boys and girls, billions in USA, it's been on strengthening security, has had a limited effect. Reconstruction, we'll fall largely on Iraq east of managed and then there are nowhere ready for the task. The audit comes as President Bush's pressing Congress to prove $1.2 billion in new reconstruction and is part of his broader plan to stabilize Iraq by sending over 21,000 more US troops to Baghdad and Bar province to be human sacrifice. Democrats and Congress have been skeptical Virginia Senator Jim Webb is suggested that the U.S. is spending too much on Iraqi construction and the expense of her king Katrina rebuilding in New Orleans, while California represented in a heavy lifetime plan in depth during his next week in a charges of Iraq waste in fraud. According to the report, the State Department paid $43.8 million to find corrected den Corp International for the residential camp for police training first-notice out of Baghdad's odd non-Palest Browns that stood empty for months. About $4.5 million of money was improperly spent on 20 VIP trailers and an Olympic-sized pool, alerted by the rack and ministry of interior but never authorized by the U.S. to pay for the $4.5 million of the $4.5 million of the total amount of money in the US. U.S. officials spent another $36.4 million for weapons such as armored vehicles, body armor and communications equipment that can't be accounted for. Didn't Corp also made prematurely built $18 million of the potentially undestified costs. Responding the State Department said in the report that was working to improve controls, already its developing review process that rejected a $1.1 million didn't Corp bill earlier this month on a separate contract because the billed rate was incorrect. A spokesman for dying Corp Greg again did not immediately return a phone call for combat. I can't imagine why. Bull and whose office was nearly eliminated last month by administration friendly Republicans in Congress. Called spending waste in Iraq a continuing problem corruption is high among Iraqi officials, law US contract management, and some of what week it's like our team was voice my voice is week. Poor Al Martino. You're going to have to talk about it. Exactly. I'm going to say a bit of myself. By the way, yes something you see for sending me this email and you link. You know those those little signpost ads. The moon and nights. Yeah. In the other cities where they were found now they're being auctioned off on eBay. Yes. The bid which is climbing by the minute. I know is up to want to take a guess for one of them. 50 grand. Oh no there were 5000 right now. Oh okay. But there every time you refresh it's up like another hundred bucks. And they might get to 50 grand. Who would have a zone moon and night? You people better get there on eBay and get you your own moon and night. And you could moon on it. Remember moon over Miami? No. I miss a lot of our people in the audience probably once upon a time didn't moon over Miami. And don't blame them. QAM hello. Nail. Yes sir. It's your kind of give it to your clothes on your departure. Yeah I'm leaving in my snappy wardrobe when I leave. That's correct. He's going to wear all my Spandex pants. WDQAM hello. QAM. Yeah hello. Yes sir. How you doing? I'm doing good. All right. You're talking about that. You agree with that article. I spent two years in Afghanistan working for that company and what they said is more than true. It's a good state. It's awful. It goes on there. So what did you just know that article is very truthful? Okay. Thank you sir. Bye. I have a great day. I have a great life. 5605. 6. You had some calls today. Yeah. I mean some people would almost something to say. It's maybe we've turned the corner. Maybe all these people are visiting for the Super Bowl. They're not like the usual local local Jthing. Maybe? Oh. And then again maybe now. Maybe we may be the gigantic recovery. WQAM hello. QAM hello. Thank you sir. QAM. How you doing? I'm doing. I'm doing. Please say I got one for. I got a phone call. And let me ask you something. Are you like on another planet or something? Where the hell are you when and where the bees have you? Hello? You sound like I'm home tonight. Can you hear that phone? Are you on a speaker phone? Yeah. I am a speaker phone. You're the whole one. Please. Pick up the answer. We get off that speaker phone man. QAM. He's on a speaker phone. Yes. Hello. A speaker phone. Hello. Yeah. There we go. See what? Why would you do that? Why do you want a speaker phone? Because I wasn't home for 50 minutes. And I think I just keep trying and trying to get a signal busy. Just to let you know that I love you, show. And I got a song for you which is very, very fucking. Yeah. Humanly don't you want me baby. Okay. Just to let you know and I love you, show man. Okay. Don't do that. Pick your phone again, man. No. I'm not going to do it. Okay. Thanks. Take care. I'll move it. Okay. There you go. The human league. And don't you love me baby. Why? Why? I don't know. I don't know. And human league is a league singer. I have a very gay name. It's a one I got. You know, let's hear a little bit of that. About five seconds. We're more than enough. The moon nights are taken over America folks. Look out. I am igniting not. Well, what can you say to that? Oh, oh. Oh. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I mean, I, you know. I see the video and a guy looks very fay. You know, he looks pretty good. Yeah. It was on Gades for Christ's. That's for crying out loud right. The Mity Q AM. Hello. Q AM. Hello. Yes, sir. Yesterday you were talking about restaurants. And I was wondering what the hell happened to Dan's steak and cheese. What the hell is that? It was just for bottle. Dan's. It got a great steak and cheese. Yeah. And they just disappeared off the bat. Well, I remember it. So that's what probably happened to Dan's steak and cheese. They disappeared off the bat. Damn it. It really is flat. Yeah. Yeah. Right off the ends of the world. Okay. Thanks, pal. Thank you. Okay. No problem. Do you have any idea where that was? Or what he's talking about? I mean, I know where this is. Good. Or where he's talking. I think I do know where he's talking. Like over there on E1. So what's wrong on any way so without differences in me? Well, I got 90. Let's do a show about all the great places that aren't there anymore. You get so sour about that. I have no idea why. I didn't think it went over that well. What do you think? Well, Chris doesn't know because he doesn't know where any more. I've got news for Chris probably ate most of my business. Ah, that was unbridled. I'm going to ask for you live in Dave County. Oh, I'm so sorry. Cable. So sorry for you. People live in Dave County. You have my deepest sympathies. Okay. I'll pray for you. 11 past one in five 60 WQA. Let me see Gordon Litty and they don't come anywhere else. Then Neil Rogers. And now former Vice President Al Gore on global warming. This is former Vice President Al Gore on global warming. Take it from me. The land who invented the inner land. The land who invented the month turnluck. And the land who invented the chief pet. The frizzly and chocolatey cocoa puffs. We are in trouble. People laughed at me on a first spoke of global warming. But who's laughing now? I am sick to death of hearing meteorologists. State of weather patterns have been caused by al Niniah, which in Spanish means little boy. How could a small child be responsible for changes in the world wide weather? I have seen little boys stop Joe Pesci from rubbing their half. But I have never seen them accurately forecast at the Zurich abnormalities. Not in a blade of ideas or featured in the full-length motion picture entitled the Inconving in Truth. Admittedly, it was the two-hour powerpoint slideshow presentation. But I have been nominated for an Oscar. Apparently, the Academy was off-struck by Machi Board stroking. I have already selected a prime piece of real estate on my mental piece for that baby. It'll go right next to my boy scout of the year award, which I want at age 39. The ice caps are disintegrating at an alarming rate. Sort of like rock obamas chances of becoming president. The ice sheets in Greenland are spoke of in my movie, and the sudsiquet melting thereof are akin to an almenia and the sun within alpopsicle. People need to listen to me. We need to release less carbon dioxide into the atmosphere and grow more plants and traits. I suggest starting with marijuana, which I personally do not smoke. Though many people have attributed my flow and deliberate speech pattern and lazy eye to being a pothead. Trust me when I tell you, my irritating tonal quality and monotone delivery are inherently mine. In conclusion, trust the word of me, the 45th vice president of the United States want to tell you, should we continue on our current path? We are screwed. The solution for this global warming problem can be found in a lockbox in my home in Nashville, Tim Flee. I alone possess the single key to unlock the box. Though you can get your own key, but taking up the inconvenient truth on DVD, now available at best by circuitcity, Amazon.com or Ralph Snatchen-Grap, located in Hendersonville, Tennessee. I want to school with Ralph. He used to beat me about the head and face with his metal scuby due lunch pal. I got him back by sleeping with his life at a key party in 1973. And since that time, we have become fast friends. It's time to take responsibility for the world we limit and stop blaming that kid from next to the kill. Former vice president Al Gore now runs in maintains a bill to bear workshop at the Stone River Mall in Murphy'sboro, Tennessee. He is completely crazy. Now I won't be surprised in a least, but if he's a closet. And of course I have, you know, see, I would have a boy to see when somebody asked me that. Oh, what? Oh. Oh. Yeah. All the good Genesis songs and they made you play that one. Anyhow, really mean they make you play that one. They made you play it. You didn't play that willingly, did you? No, I did not. Well, that's probably when PDE and Tweety Bulger, maybe the boomer we'll call in and remind you about those girls these days, how the boomer. He's bad, that was good to call the other day, the boomer, you know? In fact, you know, this week, now that they know I'm leaving for a week tomorrow at the one o'clock, now all of a sudden they're being real. The colors are great. Everybody's just real, you know? Friendly. Except for the 80,000, called me in A-holiest. That doesn't bother me. I got some post-fersal friends out there right now, who I'm sure are feeling the same way, but that's all right. I don't think it personal. 1324 votes. What is the gay song ever? Village people, YMCA-283, and Macho Man, Village People-199. When, wake me up before you go go all over the seat, 168. Well, I sure hate that, man. I don't want to get too graphing. Now, first of all, it's right after lunch hour, and then of course, the joys will get all your get her knickers in a tight wide. WQA and HALO. Good afternoon, sir. How are you? Yes, sir. Okay. That gentleman who asked about the Dan's in Fort Waterdale, the Red Cross called Submarine Dan's. I know where that was. And he didn't be with it was. You see, be off, baby Boulevard, 27th Avenue was the first one. The last one was off, sunrise by the railroad track. There was a zinni of me. I'm over the one by sunrise, yeah. There you go. And that's been gone at least five years or so. Yeah. I hate this stuff. You know, we needed another home depot, so that's, I think, where they put it. Thanks for the bad news. Actually, I think, you know, you were kidding about high-battle landmarks, but it might be the perfect tonics for driving away this in town Super Bowl crowds. You know what I mean? Yeah. Just an idea. But listen, you take care of yourself, sir, and let me see early happy and a verse. You're going to get to you, boy at March. Thank you so much. Have a great night, Kelly. You did a great night. It's been real. 21 past one at five, 60 WCM. We got the Mad Dog at two and then the power hours all three of them would Henry Goldberg and Mr. Mandage between three and six. We're going to get Super Bowl intensive. Forget about all this talk about restaurants and about men. What is it? Moon and night. Moon and night. I am making a note. And men and after shaving stuff like that, forget about that. Let's get to the important stuff. Super Bowl, baby, I saw anybody talking about. Let's get to the bowl. WQM, hello. QM. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Dan, stop. It's on. Okay, good. We just heard it. WQM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. The Gays of Gays are with them by kosher clubs. Come on, come on, come here, Leah. No, no kidding. Let's see how many votes is that God? It's eight 35 or 25 votes. Ah, I didn't do it. I didn't do it. Make a comeback. Okay. Have a good day, Neil. And back to you. See, he was on, he was not phased by the fact that I said it had 25 votes. He was like a non-compared so weak. Yes, you know. Like we're going to be saying that. That's correct. Now what was that you were playing? Oh, Genesis. No, I'm getting used to be good. I'm so sorry. All of it are perfect. But I like older Genesis. How about X-S? Okay. Okay. I think you're anti-somantic. I'll play X at us right now. How about the theme from Exodus by Leon Yeris? Oh, no. So what is that theme from? Huh? That's not what it says here. Leon Yeris wrote Exodus. With theme from Exodus by Ison, who records or a merciless, like that? Oh, I can see the label now. I can't believe I'm stumped. It's a so rousing. Oh, I can't believe it. So small C-man, it's very small. So maybe you want to go eat Dilly. Isn't it? Okay. Who did that? The theme of Exodus by giving me your hand. Don't say it. F and T. Oh, for any anti-ture. All right. What a memory. F and T. You see that? And I was saying, how you spell F and Z? F and Z. That was a positive. And Randy and Titechio, the ticlin on the KELPiano Keys baby. From 18. Oh, I have no. I have no idea. I have no idea. It's crazy person. 1960. Close. 61. What a memory. What a memory, boy. See, some people out there think my brain is like to turn to yellow, which it's how it's like. It's like, my mind. When I come back from vacation, my brain is going to be clear. My attitude is going to be improved. Life is going to be sweet. People are going to be like, pong and clong at me. Like, I'm some kind of a moon and night. You know what I'm saying? You'll see. All right. W 2 a.m. Hello. 2 a.m. Yes sir. Yeah. That seems on that you're doing right now. I think it was using, um, chopped up the movie. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was when it was playing Hercules and Sancin, and Abraham and Moses. Right. Yeah. And then to her. And when he had those loose fan decks pants on until when he was playing her. It's a fan. Yeah. He said, yeah. I've been her. And I believe it. That was a wonderful. That's my favorite scene from the whole movie. And it's right to the SNF the movie too for a height 9 11. Or is it no, it's not for a height 9 11. It's a bowling for column by a few. Right. Got my luck on more of Flakes all screwed up there. But anyway, the scene where he's interviewing the scene, I'll extremely scene our white wing of Charleston and making a total jackass out of him. I thought he's suck at him in there. You know, whiffs out his NRE card, you know, like his membership got good boy. Good boy. He reads over and pants on it. And then, of course, we found out what a bigoted right wing's slime ball Charleston. This is if we didn't already know that, you know. You know, maybe him and Nick Sabin would have a good time together. What do you think? Like I talked about. Who did that all day? Oh, man. WQAM Hello. Why don't you do this? WQAM Hello. He was going to be really good to Chris. QAM Hello. Oh, man. Sounded like he had both a cell phone and a regular phone. That's dope. That's nice. WQAM Hello. Yeah. Hi. Neil. Yes, I am. Hey, man. I love your show. Why not? What's not to like? Nothing left. Nothing wrong with it. Hey Neil. I'm about some gay songs. How about Lou Reed? Take a walk on the wild side? Yeah. That's a perfect business. Another one is a whole lot of cases. No, we never put that on. Somebody mentioned it and it's a little bit by the case. You never put it on. I love you. Thanks, pal. I love you too. I'm going to bring it in. I can't do it. It won't go. I'll do it. It won't drop. I got it. Bang on that thing. Slay him on. Take a walk on the wild side. Lou Reed. He just died. Lou Reed. Yeah. He can eat? I can't from Miami at Bel-A. Really? It's my dad. He didn't die, Lou Reed. He was a... Well, I hadn't heard that he died. I love to ride his arm on the way. He lost something. He lost his stuff. He beat. Lou Reed. Lou Reed. He got a walk on the road. Lou, cut. No, he didn't die. Take a walk on the road. More than March 2nd 1942, he's just half-year-old and me. He's old man. Lou Reed is still alive. Take a walk on the wild side. Sounds very gay. So that's perfect for our road. Oh, no. Now they're starting to get the drifted. OK, now they're finally catching on. 26 past one at 2 a.m. Bang. OK. As long as I'll talk to you, I'll be just happy you, as you're been around with you long. Make me a cat, though. You are the faster enemy. Too long you've lost the drift. The Bay of Biggs should have worked. The tell you make me sick. Get out of Cuba quick. You are so cat. Fritz, you and me go son of a bitch. Not the best you're all traveling next time. This falls by window you like. Are you behind the strike? Where were you in 63? Did you kill Kennedy? More than... More than... More than... More than... More than... More than... Get that now and be your nation. Are you in to my state? I think they will live. The embargo Cuba will become another killago. You are so... You are so... Fritz, you're the only option whatsoever. You are so... You are so... You are so... You are so... You are so... What the... What the... What the... What the... Get that now and be your nation. Are you in to my state? If you give me the embargo Cuba will become another killago. You are so... You are so... You are so... You are so... You were all that passion, we painted it on the hot carpet. More Sindus? And it's on with you. Where were you wadblendered, and you knew why? Ebola had gone on. You were as old as mail over there. But everything was so high. How about also in other ways if you wanted to buy one of your moon and i said that they were out on the streets that were hanging from the bridge and the indentures whatever else and i have a right now but keep a keep a yankin uh... going back to it thirteen hundred forty nine votes on the pool and uh... they've been as people got a hands down your pants ok not even put looking at his air see that's not a good pull when there's no point looking at the result now what do you when you go over here fact facting on that brand new fact machine that i uh... that's not a brand old one come about the brand new old one still not hooked up that's pretty embarrassed maybe by the time you get back from vacation i doubt five six seven five sixty-five sixy-five-sixy-five calls today and i think yesterday two and i've seen some call including the very first one yesterday remember that guy like uh... real human being he was given a son of the answer about some uh... restaurant remember that yes we're doing restaurants now but that we i got more than the list i still think mortans is fine you know if anybody don't like mortan stay cost well you know it's just to the way cause i think it's right yeah that's right this can one seventy-third i think i can handle that five six seven five sixty-five sixty-five sixty-four eyes in singular wireless line w q a m hello two a m yes sir hey what's up uh... you got along on your list yeah we just uh... second on their show you it's about eighteen people mentioned it we don't even didn't put on the snow okay uh... one of the thing what about walk this way i mean a love girl smithler but that kind of weird yeah we're not gay just weird okay what this way we're talking about walking that way you know switch with it like uh... that ponytail thing that like something What? Who's he doing? Walk this way. Tony Danygaze says boys keep swinging by David Bowie. I don't have that. Particular David Bowie song. Oh, well too bad. Excellent song though and went number one of the Europe's as Carlton Stewart and PS have a great vacation Neil. That's what I'm going to begin tomorrow. 10-1. They three hours of have a great vacation Neil. I beg your pardon. Well, wouldn't it be nice if people were nice to me? Why don't they pat me on as a? I have a great time over there wherever you're going across the pond Neil. Have a wonderful time. Whenever you're sweet thing to that would be. But I'm just not a sweet old guy. Sometimes I can be a real pain in the ass and real heart ass. And that's okay. It's just me being me. I don't apologize. Or maybe I will apologize. I'm sorry for being me. Anybody buying it? No. No. I'm not either. WDQAM. Yes, Neil. What about that tune? I will survive. I'm a great teenager. Wouldn't surprise me if that's on there already. I will survive. Somebody mentioned about things we put it on. It did be George. No. I don't think we did. Well, that's a great day. Just think it was gay people like it. No, it's a gay person. I'm thinking about a guy leaving her. Oh, well, it's true. Goodbye. 13-15-4 votes. Yeah, you're right. It's not a gay song. But it is a disco song. And it's a gay thing. It's an only gay girl. Leave it to a guy. What are the other? You know, what's gay about that? Well, maybe maybe a guy left her for a guy. That could be gay. You're right. It's not all we associated with being in a course. Then we get in the same problem with a lot of these people in the audience. And think because the theme might be considered, you know, let's get with it. Let's understand the deal. You understand it? No. No. And what's the difference is we make when you come right down. It kills a pole. You know, that's all. That's all. Kills a little bit of time. And of course, today we're letting them build the pole. But we haven't done one of those in a long, long time. Oh, man. That's good. I'm so happy we haven't. WKOM. Hello. Yes. I'm not Marvin. Yeah. I'm Marvin. Yeah. I was pretty gay. WKOM. Hello. KOM. KOM. No. Yes. What was that song? It went somewhere different my pole. It's a little grey. Some wonder. Oh, I'm so tired of you, man. I'm so tired of you. I remember Susan by the bucking him, so that guy is so boring. Yeah. He's got his own inside joke. Nobody in the world has got any idea what he's talking about. Nobody cares. And that's it. That's it. Your terminal man, you are what South Florida's all about. Too bad I had a dump. I didn't have to, but it just fell like it. Just. Yeah. Because it always was in a setting of personal message. Yeah. It's just some bitch that he's pissed off at or whatever. Listen, don't confuse. He was all the hair. He's all the hair. Okay. All these rods in your life. Too bad. You know, they probably got windier. I don't blame them. 20 till 2 at QM. We get really a super bowl of intensive at 2. Oh, God. I don't mean a lot of things with it. I always think the way thing will be shown. I just come up with them on my own. I was all the way. Think about where the bracelet are out of that. I was all the way. What color are your hippo? I've been stalking for your legs. I love them very much. Over videos of sex. People keep asking about the sexiest. There will be when maybe tart's buying her old master cards. Paris on the way. I'm very strong on that. You can get her panty vote. This is... This is... I'm there on Paris X-Fo. This good thing, getting bad naked. And for all you Paris nerd. I love her. I love her. This is her medical record. We're gonna do a Badger water. No, don't you call my blood. They really find this crappy stuff. I was so mad. You're not even... Oh my God! How lucky are we? Oh, there you go. If you can't get the moonlight on a pair on a baton. You can always get Paris with the runs over. The thing was called Paris has the runs. And of course it looks like it and smells like it. 144. That's one of the most disgusting things on the face of the globe. It's her as that bitch. She just gives me shulfi. Daniel Patrick Welch. I'm the smirking chimp rice. Everything old is new again. Our generation's got to talk. It's about to drag us further into endless war. Thanks for the good news, Daniel. Did you hear that? I heard it. I'm putting my mother to bed in the high-priced... The high-pitch urgency of MSNBC's. This just increases reporting. Cut through the evening calm. Same on CNN. I'm even bothered to check the other channels. Iran we are being told is to blame for the Karbala attack. We've always been at war with these days. I can't believe it's happening so neatly, so on cue, and so cutely bottled and such from your package. There is absolutely nothing credible about anything. It comes out of Iraq either through the administration of the mainstream press. War where we are Americans who spoke loudly and clearly about the question of war are known suckers for official lives. And the aftermath of the Cold War. Two long-term adversaries were waxing us. Stelsick about the government's respected propaganda. Yes, but the difference of the Russian is that you people believe yours. And now having been lied to by a screen of shameless governments having swallowed their leaders crap about our destiny of greatness is it even possible to imagine that we're going to let ourselves get sucked in again? Aside from the shrieking of the press echo chamber, a tonight, the other irrelevant headlines of the an included report that the US is forced to attack Iran from Bulgarian bases, or that the US Navy strike group is seen through the Suez Canal that joined the General Buildup of the US forces in the Middle East. The Guardian reports that Bush is spawning for a fight with Iran. He's spawning for it. We've assigned the fact that the US government recently tried to fund a project that admitted admitted mind you to planning fake news stories to achieve national policy and this, of course, would be an addition to Maria Black ops projects and not over the years. Never mind that the Israeli right wing has been openly clamoring for war with Iran, leaking stories about how it was prepared to go at a loan. Don't compare the timing of this story with the pending, albeit non-binding anti-escalation resolution, now being prepared or rigorous debate in Congress. That's in quotes. Just look at change on tentable smurking phases, he tells Wolf Litzkrieg that Congress won't stop us, even as Scooter Livia is throwing everyone in his blackberry under the bus. Do play attention to the Blitzwit's complete inability to perform his junction as a journalist, that is very bad sign. Also, notice the $10 billion joint project and us between Iran and the Spanish concern for development of energy resources and the wealthy billion-dollar arms and energy agreements Iran already has with Russia and China. Are the Neocons completely crazy? Never mind, we already know the answer. And what's wrong with us? Are we really going to let ourselves be light in the end and other war, a much bigger one? Were the much more dangerous opponent, would they even farther reach him consequences? The answer seems to be, yes, the Democrats and the press will not save us from this one. They didn't before they won't know. They ran on the game and they'll do nothing without a normal show. The fact that they're getting ready to debate a toothless solution while the ships are sailing is chilling the other touch. Our lives in our future are at stake in the looking for sound bites. The May the USA Tinder box is unstable and about to blow and the war profit here is in their puppets light in the fuse and no concern for us. The enormous and dangerous forces against that means only more war, more contrast and more profits. There's no way the world is going to sit back and let the US have its way with World Energy resources without a fight and we stand one that we're being dragged into a virtual arm again. The anti-war movement made a good show this weekend demanding it end to the wreck war. It'll be too little too late unless the people wake up and demand a halt to the war already underway against Iran. Sounds really promising, isn't it? Yes, that's me. You know, Mr. Depression. Oh, gee, Neil, you can see me. How about this more nice, baby? I am a Nick Nark. There's something a lot more are uplifting. Let's see that one more time, because there's one larger response. I am a Nick Nark. Oh, there we go. Look at this. Oh, man. Boston, what a lot of bad things. You got the moon nights on the loose there and now, researchers think Senate oils that are found in some shan poose, soaps and loathings can cause temporary breast growth in young boys but only in rare cases. A preliminary study released yesterday said the oils appeared to disrupt the boys hormonal balance. The federally funded study comes from the University of Colorado and has been able to get a lot of medical students to help and has been put in the latest edition of the England Journal of Medicine. Three boys ages 4, 7 and 10 developed the condition why using product containing lavender and tea tree oils. All three were normal again when they stepped using the product with the natural oils. Hormonal experts advised, parents to consider the possible risk, your sons are going to get big boobies, baby. But because the condition appears to be rare and temporary, they're not suggesting a ban on sales. Scented oils, whatever whatever that means. Lavender and teething, well, lavender is off of you. Sure. They're situated with our folder when using that. So many problems, man, and so little time, you know it? Tell me to keep you away, and hello. Yes, yes, yes, yes, I'll come to give you a minute and I apologize. No problem. No problem. The op, the song that was thinking of is, all we are asking is give war a chance. Yeah, okay. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. I don't know about fake songs, but I know you haven't watched the epic channel. And facts once in a great while, I think I got it here, no. All right. I'll do the show that replaced nip top with called dirt and George Valley Watch of it. What would you say that? Yeah. You say nip that 10 o'clock. It was pretty good. You're going on that show the other night. I don't know if it's my order check it out. See the nip that's. Okay. Thank you so much, whatever that is. I was the wait for real world Denver on on MTV. That's what I want. I want to see the one that keep promoting. And you'll be pleased with the toasty minus three Celsius babies are almost. I've heard in the 20s or minus two is 20. About 27 degrees, not bad, huh? Oh, I'm on the murky side, but no snow. I'll figure it out. I said not bad at all. Not bad on it. I got no complaints. No complaints, baby. And then of course, George will be on a one to bar. Got basically three hours, three hours and eight minutes and a few seconds to go before this vacation starts. Oh, God. I hope it's really wonderful. You know, I hope wonderful things happen to me on this vacation. May two. Do you? And so does Chris. There we listen. You do? Yes. So I come back in a much more and a better frame of mind. You know, that's right. So I'm like, Spastic. Silent mapping. I would have let the last couple months have been very spastic and it's unfortunate. And the fallout just goes in every direction. I've been spastic, man. Although it'd rather be spastic than plastic. Right. No. I'd like to get. Well, those phones are doing some strange bizarre, you know what I mean? You're going to spastic. Strange and spastic. Q.A.M. Hello. A.L. Yeah. Glad to talk to you. Yes, sir. When George laughs. Yeah. Okay. Good. WDQ.A.M. Hello. Q.A.M. How you doing, Neil? Oh, OK, sir. That's good. You know, Jack Horkheimer was warning us about the full moon this weekend over Miami. Yeah. He knows about the moon. Back though. Let me tell you about Miss Horkheimer. She knows it. Yeah. And listen on dogs. Remember that one must grab lover or something like that. Sounds like they're holding a rat under water. Yeah. I think it was centered or musky. Okay. All right. Wow. Like you said, what do you say just before that call? Something very perspicacious. 1300 and 70 now. We could have made 14 today. Chris, what have we really leaned on it? But when you're that fast, it's hard to lean on. I'm sorry. That's OK. It won't happen again. Days song ever. Village people, Lions, C.A.290. Module man, 204. And wait me up before you go go all over the floor. 173. It's me. Oh, Miami. Here, Richard. Here, no five six. Oh. W-U-A. You're fair. Be days. Life stays, things be seen. Like we're sees, but we... Must tell you. We swear we're nighting. If you were. These outfits, tickets, they broke your ass. We got less. We swear we're nighting. We're nighting. We're nighting. We're nighting. We're nighting. We're nighting. We sing like a bunch of funny whines. On the first day. Our agent says we gotta say. We swear we're nighting. Our biggest fans, on 12 year old girls. We think we're as cute as we be. Yeah. But as they get older, they all feel bad. We're hiding our late hands. You feel one thing. Is for sure we get. Many choices we do. We're so close. All the daily get I go. Not to do, but I'll say she'll make your life go. But today we think that we have that shit. We swear we're nighting. I swear we're nighting. Bye-bye.