Bread and sage cheese. So I can get convoluted in a lot of different ways. I want to thank my guests today. Now, you're the one who was betrayed. Yes. And you're the partner who's betrayed from your relationship. Of course. And, how many times have you been with another woman since she've been married? More than a thousand. What? Okay. What? Hillary was a great ride, but not good enough. Sounds ever make you feel. Very, very ugly. And she says he started gagging at the side of her body. Flabby stomach, sagging chest, stretch marks. She was a pig. Hey. She spent 20 grand on plastic surgery, hoping her husband would only have eyes for her. Yes. But she says it wasn't enough to keep him faithful. No. Because you've cheated since the surgery, right? I couldn't stop. Now, this woman that you were with Monday night. This was three women. Three. All at one time? Of course. Okay. I never wanted that night to end. Are you listening to this? Yeah. And you got a serious decision to make. He believes he should be allowed to cheat when he gets bored. You need to get a abortion move on. Are you willing to do that? Are you? Absolutely not. Can you understand? He was with somebody Monday night. You that I did. Hillary was all for it. In fact, I procured women for Bill. I was so proud of her. Okay. Are you cool with it? Yes. I would be gone. Oh, is that it? Kind of a rough towel to it. 560 WQM happy Thursday. George will be on tomorrow. I'm getting out of here. Booted. Right. George will be on with the what's in him, Julie. Julie. I know. I probably, who is it Bobby Sherman? Oh, brother. I read it here. Alan Sherman and Bobby Sherman. But nevertheless. You know, we got over 1200 votes to start today. You want to know why? Because in spite of your protest stations yesterday. I did a smart thing. I put the new poll on. Random middle to show. Right smack dab in the middle. And but I bang. There it is. And we're 1200 to start. So even pissed off. We can get 50 hundred. Julie. Julie. Boy, that Bobby Sherman could be sing or what? I'm so. She's got a lot of food. Probably. You're a talk at anywhere. Queen. Yeah. Oh. Horrible. Now that will be a good poll question. Who is the worst Fabian? Tab Hunter. Bobby Sherman. Who are some of those other? What is the category? Just bad. Maple singers. Oh. Make the least singers. As opposed to like maybe real singers. Lounge acts to me. What do you want to call? All right. Who is it that you were calling a lounge like? There really is no. Police. We don't. Well, that's that is so tacky man. That is so bad. Well, I wish I had a bunch of movies. We got to put it on here right now. This is a form of protest. I'll be so fired up. You don't really believe that. He's a lounge act. We don't want to go over it again. He doesn't write. He doesn't originate. He just shows all the news. He has a lot of music. He's not a great singer. That's like saying this because Pablo didn't write all those operas that he's saying that didn't make him a great singer. What kind of crap is that? So he's a great singer. But he's not a musician. So what difference is it? Well, that's what I care about. When they listen to music, they're not listening to you. Oh, it's he a great musician. Did he write the lyrics? Who cares? Okay. Bob Dylan wrote a lot of great. There was always that. Is that mean is this singer? No. Never know. Oh, no. There was a lead. Nobody's singing. I want here a great singer. Not somebody who's a great musician. I got way more Luis Miguel than I ever wanted to. No, no, no. Okay. No. We're deleted. Oh, does that lead it? Oh, anew. Swain you. Yeah. I was right. You should have a call. No. Oh, boy. Yeah. That just melts that melts your existence. Just melts like butter. Sound like he was hurting. You know, you're such a pus. I take back what I said about Josh Curtis before the show. I had a way Josh detection in May, I'll swear to you. He's he's just. I don't know. Sound like he was hurting when he was trying to sing. He didn't sound like he was hurting. He was hurting. Yeah, Josh. The nothing wrong with Luis Miguel's voice. He just doesn't sing any songs at anyone. Whatever one of here. That's why he sold millions of songs. That's why. That's why. So it won't even be like he sold. That's why. That's why. That's why. Because we're why I didn't realize that he was like that. Anyway, thanks to Alberto, whoever you are for sending in some really interesting, the trivial crap. I think it's pretty interesting before we dive into our all that other crap about NBC got the video from the show. Wow. Whatever his name is. And that crazy enough job. Life in the 1500s. The next time you're watching your hands and complain because the water temperature isn't just how you're like. I think about the how things used to be. Here are some facts about the 1500s. Well, that's just before I was born. Most people got married in June because they took their yearly bath in May. Ah. And smell still smelled pretty good by June. However, they were starting this smell. So Bride's story to vocale flowers to hide the body odor. Hence, the custom today of carrying a vocate when getting married. But they said, oh, they took their yearly bath in May. Ooh. I know some people like that. By the way, I lost my ass at Woodbine yesterday. I've pretty much seen it. Did they just steal money. Baths consisted of a big tub field with hot water. The man of the house had the privilege of the nice clean water. Then the obvious sons and men and then the women. And finally the children last of all the babies. Oh, nice. By then the water was so dirty. You can actually lose somebody. And hence the saying, don't throw the baby out with the bath water. That's cute. I like that. Now we're learning stuff. It's not even 10. I'm learning stuff. I shouldn't have come in here today. And like Chris is just sucking up to you again. Not going to waste me. You'll only wish that you a looked like him. B had his money and see had that voice. But other than that, yeah. Houses had that roof. Six straw pile high would know what underneath. There was the only place for animals to get warm. So all the cats are this small animals. Nice and bugs lived in the roof when it rained. It became silver and sometimes animals were slipping from all our hands to saying, it's raining cats and dogs. I like that. Maybe some of the men were fun to roof. And then when they slipped off and it got to be slippery, it's raining men. I'm fun to roof. I like that. I'm tempted to just play those two. It could be worth loving up on the roof by the crying change all the way through. I wonder if everyone should win spice. That's the hell out of his bubblegill. No, it does that beat the hell out of the lease. We go, well, where did this come from all the way? Yes. I'll be fighting my two calls. There's no way to get a sign in his edit because he's no Mexican in him. Because his music is for old women and fags. It's like me. That's right. And all those red nixion tanks that were by the way. Should we go? I was playing it on the air. I said fags. No, no. There's no fags in Tampa. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. The mister. Anyway, there was nothing to stop things from falling into the house. This posed a real problem in the bedroom or bugs. Another drop in is could mess up the nice clean bed. Hence a bed with big posts and a sheath. Home over the top afforded some protection. That's how canopy beds came into existence. Nothing like a canopy. Great. Or about a floor was dirt. Only the wealthy had something out of them dirt hence the saying dirt poor. The wealthy had slave floors that would get slippery in the winter when wet. So they spread fresh straw on the floor to help keep their footing. As the winter were on the edit more thresh until when you opened it or would all start slipping outside. A piece of wood was placed in the entrance way hence the saying a threshold. Huh. Wow. I'll be gosh danged. Careful. I'll be god darn careful how you dang it. And those old days they cooked in the kitchen with a big kettle that always hung over the fire. Every day they lift the fire and edit things to the pot. They mostly vegetables and didn't get much meat. They would eat the straw for the stew. Excuse me. They would eat the stew for dinner leaving leftovers in the pot to get cold overnight. And then start over the day. Sometimes stew had food in that had been there for quite a while. Hence the rhyme. Peas porridge hot. Peas porridge cold. Peas porridge in the pot nine days old. I never heard that in my way either. That's the idea. And I think I did a fine reading on a two. Especially for a virgin reading. I never heard that crap. Peas porridge hot. Peas porridge cold. Peas porridge in the pot nine days old. All right. But you're crap. Sometimes they could obtain pork which made them feel quite special. Yeah. I have a second. But you're not going to say. When visitors came over they would hang up their bacon to show off. It was a sign of wealth and a man could bring home the bacon. They would cut off a little share with guests and all sit around and chew the fat. Oh, bring home the bacon and chew in the fat. Good. God Almighty. This is educational. Thank you all, Bertou. And there's a lot more. Those with money had plates of pewter made with a pewter. Food with high acid content cost some of the lead to the lead to the food causing lead poisoning. Death. This happened on most often with tomato. So for the next 400 years or so, tomato is work considered poisonous. Hmm. Those did a nice change. Bread was divided according to status. Workers got the burq bottom of the loaf. The family got the middle and guests got the top of the upper crust. You see that? Yeah. The upper crust. Lead cups were used to drink air or whiskey. The combination with sometimes not the embivers out for a couple of days. Someone walking along the road would take them for dinner for dinner for buriel. They were laid out on the kitchen table for a couple of days. The family would gather around and eat and drink and wait and see if they would wake up. Hence the customer holding a wake. Makes sense. Oh, wake up. Yeah. The young man is old and small and local folks are running out of places to bury people. So they would dig up coffins and take the bones to a bone house and reuse the grave. Sounds like that movie. Hostel. Yeah. They'll get put up. Opening these coffins. One out of twenty five coffins were found to have scratch marks on the inside. And they realized they've been bearing people alive. So they would tie a string on the wrist of the corpse. Lead it through the coffin and up through the ground and tie to a bell. Someone will have to sit on the graveyard all night to graveyard shift. To listen for the bell. Thus someone can be saved by the bell or was considered a dead wringer. Man, oh man, how do you like all of these expressions? They're so like enlightened origin of. Wow. And it says that's the truth. Now whoever said history was boring. Feel so much smarter. Ring my bell. I would do that. Ring my bell. Need a word. Who did? I need a word. I got a brand new bell or saved. I'm not gonna brand new rare. What's your favorite brand new key? Red key. That's a horrible song. I knew to dare play that. No, I'm gonna work on ring my bell. Thank you very much. Oh, if I need a word. Yeah, it's got a better thing. You can dance to it. Wait, no one needs someone. Who? Fuck my arm. Fuck my arm. Fuck my arm. Fuck my arm. Fuck my arm. Fuck my arm. Yeah, I do like that. It clogged up. I like that. I do like that. I do like that. That's song, what do I? And immediately for a smash, I'm sure you'd better hear what's going on. Anymore, we had Billy Warden, the domino is the purple. No, we got that. I will actually have syphilis Simon. Billy Warden, the domino is what? The purple. By hogey Carmichael, by the way. A little trivia there for old people like Kichikene. I bet you remember so we Carmichael. No, I've been dead for about 100 years. I got some deep purple, but no, I'm not talking about hush by the purple. I do like that. I got some deep purple by Donnie and Marie. Oh, that's hear that. I mean, you know, tempo, tempo and it's still Stephen. Right, this is the Donnie and Marie. Oh. I got the other one soon, so whatever. Wait a minute. What about? I got a call of the head. I bought the one thing to see. I bought the one thing to see. I bought the one. I don't even know. I don't even know. I don't even know how you got the children. Bill of all. I don't have time to put it. Well, we'll do that. It's to the two of the prop, prop. I've said you want to. That day when I had Donnie on a show at IOD, it's too bad that he was already too old and hairy and everything by then. If he would have been like about, I don't know, 18. That's legal. Now did you have them on the show the way we want to have Julie on the show? He was not sitting on my lap and his wife was sitting in the control room. Giving me dirty looks. You weren't there when it happened. I was Marvin was to work. I guess. Yeah, I had him. I don't play with him. I'll say it again. He was good guy. He was good guy. And a good sense of humor. And even when I put my hand on his leg, he was hard pressed to find a Mormon who was a nice person. Really? Really? But I mean, he wasn't like a religious fan. He wasn't a fucking woman. No, that's not a religious fan. He was like, that's a nice people. That's all I thought was kind of our business. You're going to be like, you can't even do that. You're dead meat. You can't even do that. You can't even do that. He could feel alive. Yeah, but he did feel it more than once. And our David's a bitch. Oh, put him in the car. I'm going to call him. He's at number one. And David, David, I'm going to David and I'm going to show him. And I'm going to call him in my aspirations. Oh, no. I don't even know how you have children. Mirabah. Hello. I want your take on J.P. Oh, J.P. It's a great call. I can a good joke. I like J.P. Well, not the mention. He's got extraordinarily smooth pups. Oh, yeah. He's got to be careful, which is safe here. Oh, get the, thank you, Mom. Oh, no, no, wait a minute. It's okay. But I have nothing else to say. Look at that. How about this? How's the way the down there and the mirror, Mom? I'm right down the street from you. I have to go. Oh, I know. Oh, wait. By the way, he's up. No, I have to go. Look, I told you what. The doll, the hold you all went up right. How's that, man? I'll give you one of my old, the paint teacher. How's that? I'm not way too. That was the only call that we had. The thing is I mean, those are growing again. They're going to go away, though. They're going away. They're going away, though. They're going away, though. They're going away. They're going away, though. They're going away, though. They're going away, though. That's safe, we could say. And you know, they're not just saying, and around those holes in the walls. You want a lie? Can't you go? Look at this hero's face A world's map ofiacillary Here comes the AOESA Wages theكy I not go่ whats up In the day i ha my veins as if it is something I ignore it You're going to go to the toilet. Yeah, I'm going to go to the toilet. And put on the rental bar. And then go upstairs. With people playing. Yeah! With people playing. And go to the toilet. And say it's channel. This never leaves. Or no, never leaves. With people playing. And then go to the toilet. And then go to the toilet. And then go to the toilet. And then go to the toilet. And then go to the toilet. It's your hard-out homey car. I thought nobody was saying it like that. All along, I don't think you wrote D-purple. I think you wrote Star Dust. All right. You want to Google that? D-purple. Can you do it? Can you do it? I'm going to show up yet. And what happened yesterday was a char-hot. I don't want to pee on there for a ride with that. We got our chicken finger rash. Oh chicken fingers. My ass didn't hear that thing. That I read the professor said in about all those things that are banned for including a try. Right? Whatever they did. Deep fried chicken crown. And you don't care. What do you mean not all care? We take what we get. Well, that's what I'm saying. They're killing you with that stuff. And we need that too. And we need sausage. Yeah, we need that. That's pretty good. I'm just on off of food. I'm going to do the Dr. Sanjay poop to carry carpet. Oh, there's a few exceptions. You know, a five-legged special event, special lunch or something like that. I'll pick out. And then the rest of the time we're just not eating anybody believe that. I'll tell you how full of crap I am. Yesterday, after losing my ass, I went upstairs trying to the second level of woodbind working. They'll watch the races. And they have a cafeteria up there with, you know, crap. Pizza and hot dogs and burgers and stuff. And guess what I had? What? What was I talking about yesterday about Fridays, you know? We need some. No. Instead of meat, what do you eat on Fridays? You're peeing. Or the fish? No. Well, you had some shrimp or lobsters. I know I did not. No. But it's wrong with you. Something I would have had for me. That's in my blood sugar scar rocketing. Ice cream. No. Potatoes. Friday. No meat. What do you mean? Netflix eat on Friday for last six big-ish. No. That's a really nice thing. Oh, that. Dang you people are slow. So, you got a yesterday. And that goes to prove that nobody's paying attention to what I'm saying. I don't really care as long as I could pay. I don't remember what happened yesterday. Huh? I don't remember what happened this morning. Except that what happened yesterday. That's in flight. It lost my ass. It would buy. Not good. I'd rather send that money to Josh and his dog. You're okay. Josh. I'll take care of you. Next time though, don't ask in such a, I don't know. Send me an email this morning. I probably shouldn't mention it on the ear. His dog needs an operation. I'll take care of no problem. No problem. But just don't be so demanding. You know, like, hey old man, send me some money. Dang. He didn't say that, Bill. You know what I mean? I go back there and pat him on the head. See, you're a good guy, Josh. And I know the old man really likes you a lot. Not as much as you think. And certainly not in the way you wish. But nevertheless, even when he stuck his tongue down my throat, I was kind of like we've bolted by. Like you are recoiled. You know what I mean? Ah, sad. He said you pulled him in harder. So, um, Nina Tempo and April Stevens, 1993. What about it? That's not what I was asking. Who we quave already just got through telling you that. The purple wrote it. Who wrote it? A written by a penised Peter Dwork. What a lie of penis in 1923. You have a deep mind. Dip it in ink first. Wow. Now that's interesting. I've heard it writing with a quilt. I, I dipped it in ink well. And there will fountain pen. But that's certainly interesting to me. I've seen all of that other pop art. Hi. We're seeing a top right out. Sure. Right out. Now this is not a funny story, but there's stuff laughing. All right. Although actually it is because it was an accident, but nobody got hurt. There wasn't really any accident. And we're nothing happened. Just another another bunch of American monkey scene monkey do crap. Too much monkey around. I was speaking of that process. There's that little Alberto Vio 5 Gonzalez. Boy, he is obnoxious. Lyr, disgusting, criminal, gangster, piece of turd. Part of the fourth rank. Eight buildings along Northrop Mall on the University of Minnesota campus were evacuated yesterday afternoon because of a bomb threat. Una bomba Grande that never went off and it was never there. University official said that the type of note was found in a bathroom in Smith Hall or chemistry building. Auditio they've been plenty of bombs dropped in there. By a student in turn over to a faculty member of 1215 yesterday afternoon, all classes and meetings and those buildings were canceled for the day. But everything is just fine. Don't get panicky if you got kids at the University of Minnesota. And first of all, if you got kids at the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis, I'd like to know why. Why would anybody go there? I mean, I could understand Michigan, Michigan State or Ohio State. Huh? Florida State, right? Right? What? Gatorland. I could understand those places, but University of Minnesota. They got a pretty good hockey team, I guess. Although I guess Michigan State won the big, big, big, big inch a lot of whatever. How the Panthers doing in a playoff same as the Leafs huh? They're on Weas. That's right. There was no games in the playoff this year. The worst trade possibly in modern history in the National Hockey League man, and those both of those are still there. Jack Martin, same old crack man, training away the one of the best three or four gois in the entire game of Roberto Lewongo made 76 saves in Vancouver's first win in a playoff. 76 and four over times they won a game. For a guy that couldn't stop a bowling ball, Alex Aldmai asked and then of course speaking of old Eddie Balfour, we just turned 98. What's your take on the shootings of Virginia Tech was our pull question yesterday. We'd like a board of that in the middle to show him we went to the new one, which now we got 1246 we're going to do over 1500 during the show today. Although we had a pretty pretty good head start, but nevertheless, there's a little trick of the trade for their Georgie. Okay. Start the pull the previous day on the air and then build up to like about 75 men in votes and then you can get 100 men in by the time that shows down. If I can't imagine that. Hey, look at that, Jolly Joe and he'll stay and I still like the tapes and see the fact that he was trying to force the tapes you know on Fridays. If it was up to him, I guarantee it would be taken tomorrow off. He would either play a shirt and have you do the show tomorrow. Sure. You're no real Rogers. Then again who is? Right. The tape that he takes Jolly Joe. The tape that doesn't show the deck on to talk some sports crap, huh? Let me share it right now for the record before I do this break. Just it publicly for the record. Jolly Joe Bell and his accomplice in crime, his assassin, Clarence Dero have held up the way of being held hostage by crazy people. Now you saw this guy in Blacksburg, you see when he had crazy people. You've got to take care of him and put him away so they don't do any damage. They don't hurt somebody. It was an accident. A lot of people got hurt. And this is no action in a queue and this is another beastly abortion is what it is. Jolly Joe just. Oh, we're got a lot of spots and we got that building up there and we're doing this fine. And you're going to have a big number there in March. Even though of course you can't take any calls from anybody with an IQ larger than a thumbnail and you certainly can't do the show the way you want to. And we're certainly not going to promote anything because we don't want to spend any money. And it's a darn good thing. And you know something I'm going to have to with this afternoon, get on a horn with office depot and get you a drum. Now that I know you came up with the toner cartridge, you know we've got to get a new drum for that machine. Because they're sure nothing will do. Yeah, let's get a new drum. This is an African drum by them. Don't start with a racial craft. Look what happened to it. It's an English. My second favorite kind of drum. Which talk about an African uncle E. You buy it. This is G Gordon Littie. And they don't come anywhere else than Neil Roger. Are you ready to order sir? Yes. I'll have the shoe. Show. Show. Stake. This man suffers from a rear form of Tourette syndrome called G rated Tourette. That comes with a vegetable. Oh, try the cod cod. Cred to a carriage. Symptoms of G rated Tourette syndrome include uncontrollable outbursts of euphemisms. And for an appetizer. Hubbopa. Shock. Shock. Shock. Shrimp cut it. Unfortunately, there is no cure for G rated Tourette. Would you care for a salad? Yes. The thick, thick, thick, how sell it? Wait, you know what? Make that a darling, darling, darling, gosh. Gosh, gosh, dear Greasell. Okay, that's one. Get your cat come and get to me. Great, so. The good news is, G rated Tourette isn't as offensive as other forms of Tourette. The bad news is, it's a lot more annoying. And for dessert. Oh, I'll have the bunch, bunch, bunch, bunch, bunch. Well. Ha ha ha. Oh, yeah. I have some of that. 1033, 27 before them. Let's take a look at that schedule. No, Marlon game today. Like a 1230. We really nice. But we got no way up one to night, 630. How they do last night against the mess? Oh, they got stomped on. Oh, no. Like your 96 and eight. That ain't too great, 6 and 8. Of course, that's because they got the day van boring broadcasting. The games man, he could put anybody to a coma. Maybe the team is listening in the dugout. And they're going, oh, man. Wake up, guys. Oh, it's day van boring, putting people to sleep. I'll tell you, we got more bad people on here on this radio station. It really is scary. You know what I mean? Absolutely. But nevertheless. I got that. Let's see. Here's the schedule. A mad dog at two. Power hour with Hank in the mad dog together between 4 and 5. The hump are 5 to 630 this afternoon. Fat Hank. Then you got Marlon's on deck at 630, 7.05. The Marlon's at the mess is they try to win a game. That would be nice sometime. Now, soon. And then after the game, it's game night with a decay till 1 in the AM. And I'll straighten scientists call yesterday for an end of the A drill tradition of cremation saying the practice contributed to global warming. I wish it didn't know that. Nope. Professor Roger Short said people could instead choose to help the environment after death. Wait to hear this by being buried in a cardboard box under a tree. Wither without a bell. Or you could put a little bell in the box just in case there's still a line. That's the one that I had mine. That one would be good. Better bell. Which ones better? Here it is. Oh. How about just... The decayed composing bodies would provide the tree with nutrients. And the tree would convert carbon dioxide into a length giving oxygen for decades. Well, that's what I'm going to do. I'm going to have like an shoe box. And then my ashes put in a shoe box and buried under somebody's tree. And they're backyard. And they're going to say, oh, all the grandma on the hill. He's on the backyard now. Put that on. I want to parcel it up and sell it on eBay. I will be lucky. Chunks of seal. The important thing is what is shown to be cremated when you go off in a big bubble of carbon dioxide short told AFP. Why waste all that carbon dioxide on your death he asks? Never really thought about it. Short said the cremation of the average male on Australia during which the body is heated to 850 degrees Celsius. That's 1562 degrees Fahrenheit. God, I'll make it that's hotter than South Florida. By the way, if there's one place that makes hell seem like paradise in South Florida. We would discuss that before the show today. For 90 minutes they heated 1562 degrees produces more than 50 kilograms of 110 pounds of carbon dioxide. That's bad. And that doesn't include the carbon cost of fuel. The cost of emissions released during the production burning of the wooden casket. A tisket a tisket beware that casket and watch out for your basket. And did Milton Burl die or what? Yes. Because they said that Milton Burl and Warren Bady were the two guys in Hollywood that have a difficult time for that. That's right. Short a reproductive violence is said the University of Melbourne said the contribution of cremation to harmful greenhouse gases was small. And he didn't wish to prevent people from choosing how their body was dispose of. According to their religion, I would just like that South Korean guy, the crazy guy. But little bit of that, I would like just mumbo jumbo. And he's going to go out like Jesus in the center of the so on. Jesus only wishes they would have guns back then getting shot sure would have beaten. They'd get the hang up there on the cross. But to bury the hat you would environmentalists. What a play on words that is isn't that cute? To bury the hat you would environmentalists. Short suggested it would not be a bad idea to be queath once body is food-throw forest. You can actually do after you death in enormous amount of good for the planet. He said the more forest you plant the better. Now we're talking. Let's bury Jeff de Forest into forest. That sounds good to me. And you know why I want to do that? That's probably part of the reason because he's an idiot. Because everybody hates him like poison. We hate you, default. I never forget that he was standing up with Greg Reed. You know, in the parking right on the building there, the preferred parking where some of us important people used to park. And he was backstabbing me, but he was doing it well. He was already in the middle of doing when I came out the door in a... And talking about how I was ripping some bank at IOD and they lost the account. He was just giving Greg a whole song of events about what a bad guy. I'm a good friend, Mifo. You're just a backstabbing fool, Mifo. And it's too bad we didn't get your job over there at IOD. Give it to some half ass like you're the rim man. Some half ass half talent. Like the rim man. Let's take a look at these poor results. It's already 10.37. We're getting a little behind today, but you know what? Take your time. I sound pretty good today for some reason. Hmm. Don't feel all that good by sound pretty good. How do you look? Well, I was going to say, I don't look so bad. I look like me squishy. Oh, don't worry. No, huh? Really, Pudgy. I got to lose about 600 pounds. Remember what Ryan? Ryan, Ron Dia said. What do you say? I've never seen a softer man in my life. Yeah, what what did that mean? That means you're soft. That means you don't work out. You're not macho. You're not ripped and fucking under it. Yeah, I'm sure I'm making big bucks. What's he doing in the cigar store? I don't know. He's a great look on my computer. You're going to attempt me in a plane that Ron and Ron thing. I would never do anything like that. We up in Tampa was a crap, big morning show. Yeah. Well, we got one of those. Okay, here's the pull from me yesterday. I threatened to read this a minute ago. And then we got another thing about putting your ashes in a box under a tree. I mean, does it probably in difference? I want my ashes under a tree. I just wanted like my carcass under there. So the roots would grow through my ribs. Mm, worms would, you know, eat my eyeballs. Oh. What's your take on the shootings at Virgin Tech? 1,000, 24 votes. And then we like had poles and eruptus right there in the middle to show me it. It changed the pool. And then when I wanted it, we all were going to probe. 12, 60, six by the time I get around a reading, we might have 13 and revotes. How do you like that Chris? I've been to we didn't do 16 during the show today. 16, 100. That would make that would make your tongue just tingle, wouldn't it? Yeah, okay. You couldn't care less. You're turning out to be such a bitter disappointment. I love, okay. I love, okay. Oh, here's a bulletin from the village voice. It says today's voice. I can't even read this thing. Get out of here, okay. Don't be bothering me. What's your take on the shootings at Virgin Tech? Guns are too easy to get. It's been in 78. It's the American effin way. It's been in 25. Both of which of course are fine choices. Schmidt happens 130. What a sad excuse that is. Yeah, Schmidt happens. I say it in 106. Don't eff with my gun, 68. And I don't care 17. At least that number didn't go up. While we chopped the pull off before could go up. I don't care 17 in that nice. 32 of this in kids get blown away. They're lies get snuffed out. This crazy person. They already knew was a crazy person. And they already had a hold of his ass. And they turn it like every where we were else. Every while in America goes on they have some grotesque lunatic in custody. Just like a bunny when he walked out. Remember he just walked out the window. They wouldn't have like a little conference. And he was in the in the interview room there. And just open the window and he kind of mows it on out. He bugged out. Yeah, when down his eyes. I was going to throw the switch his eyes bugged out too. Ted probably. Let's see him no more. Out of a thousand 24. And like I said, when we come back after the break up. We're going to be closing on 13 and we're both on the pool and then they will fear us. And like I said, I'm out as far as the calls are concerned. You know. See, I have Joe Bell disease. I'm suffering from a very serious case of Joe Bell disease. He's from a little off my feet today. I'll go I sound really great. If you ask me. I'll ask me if I sound great. Do you sound great? Yes. But I have Joe Bell disease. So as far as the phone is concerned, I think if I touch it, I'm going to get like a very very serious case. It's 2004 those emails have been separated from an R&C policy which is to automatically delete every 30 days to make it even. So, we screwed up. Oh, all the emails. All the emails. You can't delete me all your one. But you're gonna pay up. You're gonna be relieved when you're no longer seen me on your drive. I'm still alive. Don't get a bullet or a ride. I made a great book. The great book. I got to see that you think through me away. All the deliverers said that what ain't happened to you say. Amen. You can't erase yourself. They've lost their chimney server. He can't say they've been lost. That's like saying the dog ate my homework. It doesn't work that way. He just don't want to produce the no-day, no-know-the-watt house. How a beautiful show is that those are the usual. So you'll be able to do it. They can't read any paper. But try to face the blame on a keep on job for a ride. I just don't go away. You can't bear with your prayer. I always even trail on any man. Oh, I'm a female. And I aren't the female. You can try to dump him. But I'll still battle with the clutches. By a lady. The hatch hatch. And how about that? There's no other 18 minute gap. Yeah, is the rear-end-meat with poor and public in my dreams. When it comes to a million emails, some days' days. But you can't make them go away. Once you set me around, I can always be proud of a female. 1046, guess what? Can you hear it in the background? I think that's that show guy that the terrorist is here. Where is it coming up? I can't even hear another firearm. Which you'll start hearing all the way. I'm going to close the door. I don't want to leave it open. One moment, please. You're crazy, people. I'm not afraid of firearm. I'm afraid of the firearm. Got all the mighty. One of the things is to stop or read with a firearm. It's like a boy who cried wolf, you know? If we didn't have a firearm, if we didn't have a firearm, we wouldn't believe it. I mean, what's it about those things? It'll go off at night. It'll be like a false alarm. And I'm going to even pay the attention to it. I can always jump, I guess. 1277 votes already under this pool. I've mentioned that I click that view current thing. And there's that goofy guy with glasses again. What is awful? Evil glasses. And he reminds me of Travis Bickel. I don't think Travis Bickel whispered a lot. Did he give him a whisperer? No, no, he's talking to me. He sounds it off like he had a pair. Well, how come I hear that so loud? I got the door closed. No, can you hear that? No. Oh yeah, he got it. Jesus, they got that thing cranked up on extra on slow cook. Man, crazy people. 1280 votes under pool. When a religion restricts you the certain foods on certain days or for bids you to eat, then at all. I think he's a poor cook and like, uh, what are other, uh, crap? Shell shellfish, right? Clothing hooves, animal hooves. That is crazy as Schmidt, 43. It's right only. And only crazy people who obey that. Only the lemons, only simple ones wouldn't go along with that. Oh yeah, that makes sense to me. Right. An idea foolish people came up with not gods, 142. And of course the same foolish people invented God. Something I'm glad I have no part of 300 to 11. A sign of my obedience to God, 50, very stupid people, I'll say that. A sign of my obedience to God. I mean, talk about being some servant and a living and a suckling. That's just pathetic. Get a backbone for crying out loud. Get a life. Allow you better comply with it. You're burning hell, 49. You'll burn in that lake of fire, but you'll discover it's not nearly as high as South Florida in the summertime, which starts very soon. Something I a religious person violate all the time, 28. Something I do because I'm weak 11. Others, the honest answer for those people who are actually obey that crap. Let's have some pacific candy and pass them out to please. And of course, let's have some more that matronian cheese. And you know, something wasn't even that good. See, not only the machines suck it would bind, but the food and the cafeteria their pizza is good, but I can't beat that. I should have. Nice pizza with that. Peppy, really a little slicer too. It would have been much better than that macaroni and cheese. But that just gives you an idea. Something I do because I'm weak 11. Macaroni and cheese on Friday. Or it wasn't also tuna fish was big on Friday. Wasn't right all the fish. I mean, candy. I mean, I don't fried you. Well, what is they pulled it out of their own. That's something I'm thinking of. It's making up this thing all the straight to keep you from doing what you want to do. Because I write a problem out because you enjoy and I say, That's right. You're mad. You've got to make a big sacrifice for five. You've got to make a bunch of babies for the Pope because you know, God keeps in one and pleasure. Also, it's so unfair. I'm missing out on some good eats eight out of 1283. I bet you've got to cook that view current. I think by the top of the hour, we're going to be like right on the verge of something like a nervous breakdown. Like 13. 1285 Chris. See, I keep throwing your name in there. Like you care is like it's a big deal for you, which it's not. Because you, you know, you started out with really high hopes on this show. And now of course, it's a great view in kissing your ass. He doesn't care. I love this apartment kissing up. Huh? I said I love the poll. I thought you said you love me. That would, that would really gross me out, you know. I know, I know Josh is your little boy, sir. I think no he was little. That would as a girlfriend said. Can you hear the fire alarm? I can. I'll open the door. I'm gonna. There it is. That's a crystal arm. I'll go get the extinguisher. Yeah, please. I got the extinguisher right here. We're here every time. Now, what can you just say Josh is my little boy? You're the boy. Your bow. Your bow. You know, he's your little, uh, play 29 times. Boy, boy, your favorite. You know, normally he's pink. You know, right now he's beat red. Now have you on tension, please. Listen, get back out of banana boat and go back where we came from. Probably South Korea, you idiot. This guy can't speak English, you can't speak towards a bit. They got a couple of real hot young guys are working maintenance in this building. Oh, geez, look, I'm closing that door again. Go. How long does this go out for a cry? God. Crazy people in this building. And again, a couple of really in one of them is really friendly too. I think he's, I don't know, some Asian kind of, they're all Asian. Well, we got a couple of who do I was working here too. Aren't you surprised by that? We don't have a lot of who do I was in Toronto. Well, we got a couple of who are some of them. We're surprised by that. We're just getting around to Toronto. No, no, no, no. They're on the list. They're on the list. Wait until they show up at Mrs. Saga, baby. And actually, well, I'm Kingston and medicine hat. The Largo City manager, and it can now be forgotten to this story. This is, um, kind of amusing in a sick way. Let's speak in a sick now. I want you to retract that line you said about Josh's my little boy. That was a little, you Chris. That was the most, the most, the best, the best. The most, the most, the best thing that's ever been said in history of the human race. That was just messing with you. I should be honest. My little boy. I got news for a man. He's a good kid, but I wouldn't touch him with your hand. How do you like that? Orton or nose or, uh, way and thing else. Back to London and this. The Largo City manager was fired after revealing his plans to have a sex change. As a plight of the city manager position in, sorry, soda. Steve said, you know, when I worked at WSPB in the city, I was so to 1973, 100 years ago, and I used to say that on the air, sorry, so to. So, I took a clear plan, so we used to call him, Snookie Lancer was the manager and I used to get him so aggravated. And he come to the window of the control room and look in there, give me a look at dirty look. And I give him back a dirty look and he'll look me a lot away. Screw you, Snookie. I'm sure he's dead by now. Steve Stanton, 48, said he submitted his resume. This week under his future female name, Susan A. Stanton, with an asterisk that the name changes pending. While starting Monday, I'm going to be Nelly Rogers. I'd be like that. Can't be much more Nelly than already in. I really had anticipated applying for a C manager job so quickly, Stanton told us Sarah soda here for you, but the opportunity is available to self and so will see. We'll see. Sarah soda commissioners will review about 15 resumes for the job next month. The following week commissioners will narrow the group to eight candidates. Those applicants will be interviewed by commissioners. Stanton is among the final group. He said he'll interview as Susan. Susan, you better stop your cruising because you're going to be losing and you're going to get a bruising, but nevertheless. The Lago City Commission voted five to two in February, again in March of the Firestand from the $140,000 of your job in health for 14 years. The minister said it was Stanton's judgment, not the revelation he planned to exchange that prompted the votes. It was his judgment. They don't mind the fact that he's going to change it in a woman. You know, just they think it's poor judgment. Well, whatever that means. 1296 votes on the pool. We've got to get to 13. We've got to be for the top of the hour. It's going to be we're taking the feather right back out of Chris's Ectom. Oh, you are just. I'll say one thing man. He should grow in a pair. He's saying things that are so just off the wall. So I'll raise it. So I'm going to accept a one and just a on a visceral level. What do you think? You could have stopped it growing. He's growing. Yeah, that's the problem. 1298 growing on it. Getting on my nerves is what he's doing. 1298 on the pool. And it's not I don't think you know, you think it's a good pool. I don't even want to put it on there. I think it's growing with it all. Nothing wrong with it. We've never done it. I think it's on a week or so. But we know. We have 1298. We don't even have a hate this pool on there. No, no, no. But then we started this. What about 100 years ago? Something like that. So that means 1298. That means that everybody who's listening to QM now has voted three times. This is the new Roger show. This is the new one. We're going to the new. We're going to the new. Any questions? Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. If the union judge has just rolled in the paternity suit over an and of course, niff's baby. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. And the false mischievous woman, Roy Friend, Larry Burkhead, is a biological father. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Let's get the important crap on here. Right? The things that people ought to be caring about, like Anna Nicole and her big fat ass and her baby and Danielle and whatever her name. Who cares? Okay. 1303. We care about that on the pool. 1303 vote on that pool. Wow. That is heavy duty. We're going to go over 15 hundred again today. Of course we started with 1488, but nevertheless, pretty good. Pretty impressive when you say, okay. No, you guys just don't care. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's all your care about. No, I already ate this morning anyway. That's all right. You already ate. You must be psychic. Here's the food. None of the, you mentioned it. How do you like that? And other psychic powers again of the old queen. No, God. What are you got? How is he's got the food? How is he's got how he's got. He's got how he's. Tip it the man boy. He has a big tipper. How much? I think he gave him five bucks. About 30 minutes. 30 cents. You give me five bucks. Yeah. A smock like you a smank like you gave me five bucks. I did order a lot of food. Why gave you three and he's got same in the garage. Court. This is my boy toy. Whatever you said. It's like my little boy. And that was. He's got his gut. Your love monkey. Oh, Jesus. What a grow test. That is. I mean, he's a nice kid and everything else. But good. Golly Miss Molly. Give me a little bit of credit. What do you put? What do you know? You know from nothing. In fact, how's my good buddy is the Serbian statin do it. What do you laugh in a bottle? It's a funny name. His name is Steve. I guess is his real name. But he calls himself on the, my space. The Serbian statin. Man. And he's allegedly in South Africa somewhere. I better go on a, a serfence of fairy. Be careful. I don't know. Is this thing still going on? Yeah, it's still, it's 11.02. What time they start? There's about 16 hours ago. This is the Chinese water torture. This is going to, this is almost as bad as would buy. And then I had that damn macaroni and cheese. And never going to be the same again. Four large bombs exploded across Baghdad. I mean, even though we talk about this anymore, all these dead people. They know we're so worried about what happened in Blacks for Virginia. Which, of course, was tragic and rotan skin. It shouldn't have happened. And handled very, very badly, by the way. And spread it away to try to cover up their ass. Four large bombs in Baghdad yesterday killed at least 127 people who would have scores as violence, flying toward level C before the Western Machiaque campaign, before the surge, baby, before surge, survived. But there's more pictures. He's got the gun to his head there. Schmendrick. And I was got a hammer. You see, have one? He's got the hammer with a claw. Oh, bro. Yes, or it. If I had a hammer. Mm-hmm. How's the hammer doing? And the W's to the attacks, a park car bombed in the crowd of workers at the center, we said, we are marketing and central Baghdad, killing at least 82,04. Hard work, man. That kind of something. Not a hammer in the wall. Oh, you're going to say that. Three low pass. Oh, there he is. I was confused in a down court. This guy, let's not roll down. There's nothing more than an apiated down court. This word, down on the floor. Who will just stand now, this man's in pain. And more criticism, obviously, else I'm not using that. Yeah, I play your eyes out with a 20. Among that it was several construction workers who have been rebuilding. Every time I start talking, I start deep in that thing. And I think it's a county thinko plot. I think that some terrorists, some lesbianese terrorists are behind it here. Wouldn't surprise me in the least bit. Well, sooner or later, I guess we got to get to it. Okay. Virginia touched stunned by the images of the gunman. That evil doer. Restaurant patrons, cringe and mothers turned their children away from the TV. Is the video came up of an armed, chose wrong way. Delivering a snarling venomous tirade. If you can hear the venom about rich brass and their hedonistic needs. The self made video in photos of trope pointing guns as if he were imitating a movie poster were mailed to NBC in the morning of the Virginia segment. A postal service time stamp reads 901 AM, which means that he mailed it between the two attacks. He took time, he cared enough to send his very best to NBC. This is it. This is where all ends trope says in one video tape, which he appears to be more melancholy than angry. What a life it was, some life, some life, but a bang. Yeah, what a crappy life. That's what I'm going to do right now. I'm going to do a Howard Deal and blow my brains out right on the radio. They don't stop with that damn fire alarm. I think it finally went silent. Can you hear anything? I don't hear nothing. Nothing. It's okay. I'm not open to doors. It's going to stir in the hotter and hell in here. Sun is shining in above like freezing finally, spring is frug maybe. All the snow is gone. The ice. Tote 23 speaks in a harsh monotone. Another video tape for ants, but it isn't clear to whom he is speaking. He's speaking in whoever is watching it. I would think when you write the audience. You had a hundred big enchances and in ways to have avoided today. He says in one with a snarl on his left. I like that. But you decided to spill my blood. You forced me to the quarter gave me only one option. The decision was yours. Now you've got blood on your hands that will never wash off. I'll make you talk to your president. Because he's got enough blood on his hands. He could take like a bath in it for a hundred years. NBC said the package contained a rambling and off in Co. 23 page written statement. 28 video clips and 43 photos which were seeing over and over and over and over and over and over and over again until we got choke coming out of our past. I'm making today show this morning host, Martin Vierra said this decision to air the information was not taken lightly. Some victims of the canceled their plans to speak with NBC because they were upset over the airing of the images she said. Then fact what they should have done is going to be seeing connective. They're probably one of the family. Or the victims were all as I say. I saw his picture on TV when I did I just got chills said Christy vending a junior from Franklin County, Virginia. There are really no words that shows he put so much thought into this and I think it's sick. She thinks it's sick. It's like something really have to think about for a long time. Let's see, you know, you put your index finger to the side of your head and let me think about that. Is it sick or what? What do you think? What's your take? The package helped explain one of the biggest mysteries about the massacre where the gunman was and what he did during the two our window between the first verse to gun fire to high rise door and the second attack at a classroom building. Your Mercedes wasn't off you, Brad says, I saw a guy named Grant who's parents work at a drunk and his superb watchman. Your golden necklace is worth enough you snobbs. What is more that far-bomb? You hear that? Like, just a little burst. Your trust funds wasn't enough. Well, that sounds illiterate to me. I mean is this guy a little bit of a 23 and he's going to, you know, you know, he's going to, you know, he's going to, you know, he's going to, you know, he's going to, you know, he's going to, you know, he's going to, you know. Your trust funds wasn't enough. You're vodka and Koniak wasn't enough. Beven again. Are you debauchery is worn enough? Oh my God. Maybe they were doing a little hanky spanky there virgin. God forbid. Those weren't enough to fulfill your hedonistic needs. You had everything. What an idiot. What an A whole. A dorm neighbor of the first two victims, Ryan Clarks, 22 and only Hillsher, 19 described an ABC's good morning America where she saw that morning and Amber Johnson Hall. I heard a really loud female voice scream is what she said. A really loud female voice. I opened my door and that's when I saw the builder goes to the fire alarm again. I think this is going to be an all day affair, which has been dragged me insane. I opened my door and that's when I saw the blood in the footprints. The sneaker Prince leading in a trail from her room, Molly Downey, who said, that's when she saw Clark or resident assistant in the dorm on the four against the door. A friend later told her he was dead. Downey, who said, he, uh, she has since tried to return to the dorm. It felt physically ill and still terrified. I got to the floor where I can't be alone, she said. Authorities today has followed it more than a year before the massacre, Cho had been accused of sending unwanted messages to two women and was taken to a psychiatric hospital on a magistrate tortoise and pronounced a danger to himself, but released with orders to undergo outpatient treatment. Right, that always works really well. Doesn't it? Here's a good example for it. Yeah, you get some help and have a nice day and go fill some people and we'll talk about you in the media a lot. The disclosure ended at the rapidly growing list of warning signs that appeared well before the student opened fire among other things, chose twisted violence filled writings and selling vacant ID, the meaner, had disturbed professors and students so much that he was removed from running which class and repeatedly urged to get counseling. Some of the pictures of video package show him smiling, other show him frowning and snarling. Baaaaaah, like a rabid dog. Some depicting brandishing two weapons at one time, one in each hand. He wears a kekky color military stealth vest, fingerless gloves of black t-shirt, a backpack and a backward black baseball cap. Well, that must be the rally cap. Another photo shows him swinging a hammer to fist and another shows an angry looking show holding a gun to his temple. Temple Bethel. That's why I was barmits with rather white temple Bethel. I think. In Rochester. So I have my barmits with a barrel. I thought, I know I today am a fountain pan. It's all a bunch of cramp. He refers to martyrs like Eric and Dylan reference of the teenage killers in column by. NBC news president Steve Capis said the package wasn't was sent by overnight delivery, but apparently had the wrong zip code wasn't open until Wednesday. I hate when they do that and put and they're still beeping at them. Bleeping the beeping nothing. Jesus, God Almighty. An alert postal employee brought the package to NBC's attention. I've noticing the blacks for return and dressing and name some of the words. We've reportedly found scrolled and read ink on shows arm after the bloodbath. Ishmile acts. NBC said. I think they got that backwards. Didn't say, ask ishmile. I think you're right. He said, ask him, maybe he knows. Ask him. Ask him a question, maybe we'll give you an answer. Capis said that I worked notify the FBI around nobody. But how about reporting on it? The FBI requested the bureau could look at it first. NBC finally broke this story just before police announced that it all went at 430 p.m. It was clear to a video taped himself, Capis said, because he could be seen leaning into shut off the camera. There's a picture of Sir DeServian satin where he's taken us out of shirt off. He's got the camera. He's the photographing himself. And it makes the big flash. He's flashing it. I wish he was. Stay police spokeswoman Karine Gellar Carson, while the package was made between the two shootings, police had not inspected the footage. He had to establish exactly when the images were made. Oh, this goes on. I could read this for hours. And I just might. You know. Okay. Is there anything else going on in the world? Like I was dead. People in Iraq are course not. Wait. You could take some calls. Show repeatedly, suggest he was picked on. I just pretend I didn't hear anything. You said. I said okay. It's just like, Chris there with that crap. My little boy. That was so. And this beeping. This has been going on. I would say 20 minutes easy. Isn't it? This could be the longest fire alarm in his beard. They subhuman race. And I know they're just doing it to piss me off. I'll screw you guys. How do you like that? You idiots. Have a nice day. Charlie Peter Lee's agency was picked on. I'd otherwise hurt. You've analyzed my heart. Rafed it in my soul. And torched my conscience. He said apparently reading from his manifesto. You thought it was one pathetic voice life you were extinguishing thanks to you. I'd die like Jesus Christ to inspire generations of the weak and defenseless people. Building security is on. Are you finding it? I'm kind of sure. Okay. It's only been on for about four hours. Cut it. Sure. Enough of the BS. Oh, there's a problem. They're calling technician because the thing won't stop. They started making it. Maybe they have our engineers. A law enforcement official said chose what also refers the same sentence to prison and bush and John Mark Carr who falsely confessed like you're seeing having killed child beauty queen John Van A. Ramsey. You whatever happened to John Mark Carr. We don't hear about her no more. It no more. The official spoke on condition you had an enemy because the person was not authorized to speak to the media. Earlier whens day authorities as slow as they had an November December of 2005 two women complained to campus police. They had received calls and defeated messages from show. But to them, it considered the messages annoying. Not threatening and need to press charges for duty to take police to window flinch him. Said. Neither woman was among the victims in the massacre after the second complaint about chose behavior. University obtained a temporary detention order and took to away because in a claim to report he might be suicidal. Police did not identify the acquaintance. On December 13, 2005, a magistrate ordered a children to go and evaluate and a carol on saying all bins. They private-sekiate for cost. They magistrate sadly at a rapid initial evaluation found probable cause that it was a danger to himself or others as a result of mental illness. In other words, he was crazy and that's why they let him out. When and out let the crazy people out. So they can call the show for example. They call this show. At least he never called that we know. That's one good thing in it. That we know. Although they started this fire alarm thing and what they just announced is that they've got some kind of a technical malfunction at the junction and they can't show it off and they've got the technical people on a way. This evening, stop it before the end of the world famous legendary neo-wilders. What's your favorite language pattern? It's real American A-Hose! Real American A-Hose! We salute you, Mr. Karyokihost at the neighborhood barge guys. Mr. Karyokihost at the neighborhood barge guys. You'll lug your crap around night after night, just so some drunken sluff can put a piano man. It's high! This crap, oh this, oh, this, oh. Your equipment is state of the art. Your karaoke collection is the best. But you are 42 years old, and you still live with mother. Alan, make me my cake. You fancy yourself as an editor. But does it really take any talent to introduce Sue and Josh singing Bakaritaville? Where's the song that? Sure. Your pushy gift means you meet a lot of chips. But they all smell like hot wings, and look like John Madden. So we salute you. Mr. Cariokey host at the neighborhood bar guy. Your mice face page. Your nine bulb batteries. And your post-it notes. You are a real American A-hole. Okay, 1118. Now I'm sure you're here at the back right. If it wasn't really carefully, I'm sure you can. It's still going on. They just started the damn thing. What? And kids stop? What's so funny? No, it's going boom. Oh. Not the Farlem. I'm going to start at the damn thing. And you know, I'm sure a lot of you guys can relate to that. Sometimes you start and you just can't stop. It's like having wild diarrhea. 1118 at 5.60 WQM speaking to Joe Bells and wild diarrhea. I bet you he said his shirt. He just looks like the kind of guy. He reminds me of the kind of guy that sits in there all day. And every now and then he'll get up and think, okay, it's all done. Well, I'm going to start with the last one. Whoops, that's not better. Make a move back in there, yeah. Now that's the worst thing. The worst thing when you've got like that bad irritable ball like that bitch. And where was it? Yesterday we had that story about the brother that irritable ball and she couldn't stand online. It was Monday. We had to write it. It was somewhere. So, how, hey, Coral. We're somewhere over in the West Coast. Some go ahead, you should play. So we're done in West Coast to Florida. Excuse me, we're done and see there. Go ahead, you should play. West Coast to Florida. It's all the same. I'll go in. Anyway, getting back to show to the near Rogers show in the, is that thing to see every now and then it's stuff. So we're like, have a second at far along thing and they give you like a false sense of, oh, finally, and then starts up again. I think it's going to go on all day. In the multimedia manifesto sent by Cho Shoun Rui in between his current spirit Virginia Tech, some of seeing hints of a connection between the killer and a violent South Korean movie. Now how long did you think it would take before we had connection between his behavior and what he did on Monday and movies and violent video. For the means, two seconds. Part of these things. That's right. Cho sent 20 in video. Well, we know that thing. Since the release of the material, I guess, the particular photo was prompted speculation especially among online forums that Cho may have been inspired by the 2003 movie Old Boy. It must have been about me, huh? How's it going, Old Boy? Hey, old man, how's it going, boy? I tell you, that's not good. When they start calling you the old man, George has been calling me the old man for 15 years anyway. So now I must be behind my back, of course. You're the geaser. The geaser, remember the bees here and out the geaser? Well, the bees, remember he was a racist past you, the bees here. In the photo, the killer brandishes a hammer, the signature weapon of the protagonist in Old Boy, and a post similar to the one from the film, you see that all those films man, those films. The 2003 film directed by Chan Wook Park, that's Chan Wook. Now what you were thinking? One grand pre-prize at the Cannes Film Festival in 2004, the second-aparx vengeance trilogy, the movie is about a man, I'm justly in prison for 15 years, after escaping goes on a rampage against his captor in one scene, he dispatches over a dozen henchmen with the aid of a hammer. What we got to play that again, not the 2003 Lopez, one though, Peter Paul and Harry. Speaking of Harry, I wonder what had in my old friend, Harry Potter? Well, those old friends, man, if that's not the case, I would say that's right. I don't know, since you, Paul's cooking in people in the world, that was, well, what I'm wondering, what, what are you like that? People in Europe, Paul's cooking in America every night, and what are we still alive? Who are you, I would go to the concert, sir, do you know everyone? Go to the concert, and then I'll say the music on the radio all the time. They were teachers through music and music class, and I was a little child. Oh, and that's week. The answer my friend is blowing in the wind, and don't think twice because it ain't nice. So whatever, how well, it's, don't think twice, you got that? Peter Paul's, don't think twice, it's all right. Another Bob Dylan's song. Are you looking or are you just talking? Good. He's gone for a time. Over here. 10, every 27 most by the way, we're going to have like, I say one or 15 to the easy. Easy. Or I don't have don't think twice. You do like that though, don't you? Yes. I've been by Bob Dylan, just like, but you got blowing in the wind. The answer my friend. Yeah, but he does ask, ask for it, and you got it. Ask each my own. Oh, maybe you lose much more. Oh, God. But, you know what goes good with this kind of music? Yeah, that's right. Can't fire somebody with a guitar, beer, and a song. Let's see, if I say, you're so hungry, song that was like a supposed to be a weed song. Oh, oh, please. How could you forget? You say it all the time. Ready? Here we go now. Everybody, let him if you have them. Got it? Oh, no, not puff magic. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, right. That's not a good sign. That means I'm an old boy. How's it going, old boy? Crack it. It's so. Why? Well, people wait. Oh, boy. Don't let me forget the send Josh Curtis that's checking on my lawyer. I was getting my boy toy, my boy toy. Your little boy. That's what you said. You said something much worse. I'm going to throw a fence to the man. I don't even remember. My little boy. Yeah, that's what it was. That implied such grotesque. If it were true, if I had the house for him, I'd be sure to tell you, but I don't. Now, J.C. That used to work for the George Forgotter already with the Harry body. I had the house for him, all right. Good. God. I would have turned him upside down inside out and given an airplanes fin. I would have turned him all over the world, man. J.C. He knew it, too. He's a good guy. The connection, and I'll see. After escaping, he goes on a rampage against his cap. One scene of the dispatches of where it doesn't hatch from with the item of hammer. Now, let me ask you this, which is better? The way this show was so far we've been on the modern hour and half. I haven't thought about taking a call. There's a whole bunch of modern there now. There's no chance. Which is better than that. Hi, Ron. Chamba. Or, for that. Which is better. Or, you know, George's gay. What? Yeah. I'm a little biased there. I know. You like those calls. The connection was spotted by Professor Paul Harris of Virginia Tech who then learned at the 30s. According to London's evening standards, speaking of Harris, I went to school with a kid named Ralph Harris. Kennedy, work Academy, who was so good looking, man. I just, we've sit in study hall and we just sit there and stare at him and have all kinds of sexual fantasies and thoughts. He's old and ugly, though, and I like I am. Although I was young and ugly back then. It's become commonplace for movies and music to be linked to especially to violent killers. One blogger for the Huffington Post, filmmaker Bob Seska. This risk of connection is the most ridiculous hypothesis yet about the Virginia Tech massacre. I would suggest he's probably. I'm so ugly because I've got to know. There was no clear link between Cho and Old Boy beside the photograph. Cho killed with a handgun on a pistol, not a hammer. He didn't seem to reference the film any of his notes and messages. In all, 33 people including Cho died in the Monday morning attacks. 1331 on our World Famous Neal Rogers Pullman. We are kicking even along the Old Boy. We're kicking big fat ass. Okay. Now, they find a close nothing downers. It's still beef and on there. Oh, you know what that was? That was the beef and the fax machine. Right. See, there's so many beefs going on. I'm just becoming beef and crazy. Of course, a lot of people would say, I would be was. 1333. I want to share with the audience. And it's extra loud today. I like my bacon this morning was extra crispy. I would make some more. If I had any, but I ain't got no mole. That was really good today. You know, making bacon? Mm-hmm. How is makes good bacon, too? I mean, every time the fat comes there and do a show, they would send about like 7,000 slices of, you know, and of course, being the pig that I am. And I, you know, bacon comes from a pig. So why not have an a pig eating it? And I would just keep eating in the, remember that one time? Oh, man. I had talk about wild, um, intestinal defugal. I don't want to say diarrhea again because then Joris will get off set. Maybe Joris will get diarrhea. Well, she's got diarrhea of the mouth and the brain. So why the hell not? Now, what is this? This was on media week today's fax is somebody from Bob. Thank you, Bob. Kenny Carlisle Hart. Oh, no. Kenny Carlisle died. Oh, my God. I'm actually a chicken. I can still get a killer chicken and a little bit of a word of black arm bandies. Actress and perennial game show, panelists. Kenny Carlisle Hart died yesterday at the age of 96 from Bob with pneumonia. I wonder if it was water pneumonia. Well, be honored by cable network game show. And that we can hour long to tell the truth. Should be on Sunday, April 22. Dia S. and will aired Carlisle's first appearance on to tell the truth from not March 5, 57 to 3am. Oh, yeah, I'll get up three at a morning to watch that followed by an episode, featuring your son is one of the impossious of three, 30 in a morning. Says, love the show is from Bob. Listen, every day, an imminent from Dallas. Thanks for doing an incredible show. No problem, Bob, when you're legendary, you can do an incredible show. And if I do say so myself, the car is sucked a big one. Okay. Oh, my God, your breath is beautiful. You can join your nightmare. Here you go, you can't so drag. I never like the speakers, but they can have some. Sometimes you have come alone. You're even worse than failure, huh? That's a lute. Oh, my God, your breath is beautiful. You should know how to send your calling, Chris, as I've put your hand on it. You can't control your hands, do. And you're a little whiny boy. I'm one of your face, every face, stop the fat dog and you step on it, huh? Oh, my God, your breath is beautiful. Every single second that you are on stage, I feel like a God will break. You're going to find little lady, you may run me bigger, but go to the cars and the cars, the nation cannot wait till your dawn. Go in a farm or nation. You're going to be a good man. Oh, my God, your breath is beautiful. You're trying to be in me, but he's good, tell your one-day goal, better we've done now. You're fair. You're going to find a goal, and if we want those, then try and start. The world of John, all out of the world. Give it for the world. Never like a single dog that you have, you're not so good even for the world. Oh, when you're hungry, you start to reenhouse. When you're hungry, you're hungry. I think he might be. I never watched that show under Pembley. I've never watched one second of that show. I'm proud to say, which puts me like a little bit above a cut above. How are we doing on that pool? We're going to quit that pool. I just facts Derek and you and because you're close, personal friend Brandon. For the second time, you said, we just pool. I said, I'll take it. I'll take it. I'll do it. Don't start getting pushy Brandon. Anyway, 13, 45 votes on a pool. And that's plenty. Don't you think that's a good show. You start new one. Right? Right. I will, and this fits right in with Joyce and all of her ball problems. I will use a public bathroom. Only if it's clean. Only if it's empty. Which I guess I assume that means if there's nobody else around. Yeah. Okay. Only for emergencies. Anytime. I can't really use my own bathroom or I never go in public bathrooms. In other words, you and an emergency. I'd rather do a June Allison. I'd rather walk around with the pens on. All right. Now I don't want to get too in delicacy because it's number one is close to lunchtime. Number two, we can't get into excritory activity because Joyce will start having an excritory activity. She'll start having her she squirts. I'm sorry. I can't say that. But at any rate, we've all had those experiences where you know, you're certain to walk like, have you ever like, I can't go into it too deeply. But where nature was calling and you were close to wherever it was, where that magic room was, where you were heading desperately. And just as you started to get there, you know, it was like, oh, and you just stopped. You stopped walking. You figure if you don't move, it'll work. And sometimes it does. And then again. Sometimes it do not. Oh boy. Actually, that happened to me a few weeks ago. It would be fine. I had the nature was calling. And they got some magnificent toilets there. In fact, to me, the whole place is a gigantic toilet. That's what I should have done yesterday. And I took express my tremendous frustration. I should have just, because I tried three or four different machines. And they just weren't paying. And this is what those days, they're shut off in the coma. They're in the Terry Shival of paying mode. And I should have just gotten up and pulled my pantalomies down. And done a giant number right there in the chair. Right that the last machine I played for a very long time. But you think it would have been a capital idea. Okay. Or a minuscule. Oh, there's pictures. A little 10-colour matter again in column bin. Let's, or column bin revisited. Let's go back there. Yeah. Enjoy that again. No, I'm watching a big boob chick dance in shiny clothes. Yeah, so how about a lot better idea? Now, are we going to let's see if Eric is going to get around. And I see nothing to switch on. And seeing his little room. Because I just facts in that, like, in the middle of the show, he probably is expecting it. I'll tell him. Yeah, he's here. You'll do what? I'll tell him. Tell him to change it and pull off. He just like Brandon said, do it. Do the pull off whatever and tell him. Change it. God. Change the pull, Eric. And for Professor change you underwear too with all this other talk going on. All this, actually, to where business is going on. Everybody change it. And the good news is, you notice how open the door? There's no more, uh, far along. How they lia folks. Oh, right. I think it would get to like, 1350. I'm just going to cut this off 1349. I'm looking where it says, pull switches. You got the new pull. It's not going to take that long to take this one up or, believe me. In fact, times up. I don't want to be poochy or nothing like that. Those of you who are planning to go, uh, on vacation, especially across the pond, this summer, I got to bad news for it. Thank you, Mr. President, for those low gas prices. And thank you for the strong American dollar, which is as weak as a 26-pounder. It is a 26-pound weekly man. Dollar slides to a 26-year low against the British pound. Year-old approaches a record high of 1366666. Six six six, I've the last three numbers on it on the year-old. Or as they say, the year-old. That's what they say in the middle of the month. Needle ons. How could we didn't go to Amsterdam with Mahamstu Dam? Who? Because you weren't invited. Yeah, maybe end. I don't have any of these. I have other people to take with me on this last trip. I had the three other people to go to. People, people, they don't want to cost to go on business class and stay in fine-art hotels. Cost are pretty pretty, baby. It's a damn good thing. I'm making a lot of money. Especially so I can take care of my, my little boy there, Josh Cortis. Quartet, Chris. I got news for it, Chris. You're out of the will. You weren't ever in it, but now you've sealed your faith this morning. Okay. With one of the most in tempered, I guess what he's trying to do is make up for all the kissie, all night other, you know, but sucking him was doing there for a while. You remember those days, don't you? Yeah, they just thought they'd pour yesterday. Was he really? No, I would've been a couple days ago because tomorrow, yes, I wasn't here. Well, whatever it was, kissie, kissie, kissie. Oh, thank you, Neo, for giving me this opportunity to make go for a sense of an hour. Now you're okay, you're good, guys. Well, thank you. We actually said nice things about you when you weren't there when we go. Was there was a nice things about you? We don't, we don't like saying it to your face. We like talking behind your back. It's your just specialty. Especially, especially, do you sure every day? I think. What? Huh? I got news for you. If you're talking about who I'm talking about, he's no fact. I guarantee that. No, it's talking about you. Oh, fat fat, you said. Yeah, yeah. He's whispering, he's whispering just like show man. He's whispering and he's acting like a loner. Like a crazed loner. But like that. If you see anybody sitting like an accourous somewhere all by themselves, and whispering, shoot him, save him a whole bunch of other people. The hour seems or two. You're going. The dollar-setted it slide Wednesday hitting a 26-year lower-against the British pound and approaching an all-time lower-against the Earl. I'm growing expectations the interest rate to for lunch over between the US and your full-nero soon. This is bad. 13666. F.A.R. and a turret and then some. The pound climb desires 201 and a turret. It's lofty a level since 1981. After the minutes of late is back to being the meeting showed monetary policy committee voted 72, and favor-holding interest rates steady. They don't like the US dollar anywhere, and it's unanimously so said then in the start of the government letter simply put the market is not convinced. The future of the US economy is one of relative weakness. Well that of Europe is one of relative strength. I'm getting the Europe right now, man. I'm catching my chips and I'm leaving right now. See ya. I'm on my way. To hamstered in. I'm going to go open up a hamster from. We've got to start growing some tulips. Tulipin. Well the tulips read our beautiful. You know, I've ever flown over the tulip fields and hamstered in. Oh yeah, it just last week. Outside the city is especially beautiful. Then you can go to the flower market there by a rambar and rambar and you got to roll your arms back. Like a rocan. A rocan. I can't think of any of that. Man to the restaurants. It's really not a good idea when you come on here to recommend a restaurant. You have no idea what the name of it is. But it's on a rocan. Which is mean smoking. And there's a lot of smoking going on hamstered. There's a lot of good stuff going on. Man was there for a lot of good stuff. I could tell ya, but it's not a good idea. I think you got a general idea though, aren't you? I do. Oh, and there's the no pool. Thank you Eric. You are a great American or whatever head you are. We're going to get you to port a bit of your great guy. Fat. I would use a public bathroom. Um, only if it's clean. I'm certainly well, you know, something. Anytime. Anytime. I'm not one of these pansy. I'm a pansy, but I'm not not that much of a pansy. These people will say, oh, I just can't go in a public restaurant. Do you get to nervous? No, I'm just about what? When you got to go, you've got to go. Joyce. And during the incident's Paul Harvey, standby for news. Abigail McGillan and elderly woman answered a knock at the door one day, only to be confronted by a well-dressed young man carrying a vacuum cleaner. I'll say it again. The young man was carrying a vacuum cleaner. Good morning. Said the man, if I could take a couple of moments of your time, I'd like to demonstrate the very latest and high powered vacuum cleaners. Go away said Abigail, I haven't gotten him any money. And she proceeded to close the door. Quick as a flash, the young man wedged his foot in the door and pushed it wide open. Don't be too hasty. He said to Abigail, not until you have at least seen my demonstration. With that, he emptied a bucket of horse manure onto her hallway carpet. If this vacuum cleaner does not remove all traces of horse manure from your carpet madam, I will personally eat the remainder. Abigail step back and chuckled and said, well, I hope you've got a damn good appetite because they cut off my electricity this morning. Paul Harvey. Good day. I love him 47. I love him. I'm 13-year-old. I'm actually he didn't, but I love him. And this show we ought to dedicate to a jolly joe bell because it's mostly about manure. A lot of manure talk today. Here's the second full. On the first one, I guess I better give you the result of the first one previous. I just love the way Eric did this. You find this very useful and fantastic? Yeah. Huh? Showed up. Now the way you can view previous because I've heard the print out the final result of the previous pool and all you got to do is do a little click on our stats page there. And but I'm being just like magic. Here I got, there it is. And maybe it'll print out one of these days when my find there goes you here. Can you hear it printing it a background? And it's got toner when it's got a new drum. Don't let me forget about that drum. I hate it don't forget. Oh yeah. Because you're sure not to. And I know they're not going to pay for because it's about 20 and 50 bucks. I'll pay for it. No problem. I think we keep the eryder show going in pristine and clean for the old queen. I would use a public bathroom anytime 15. See that's like me. That's what I voted now. How about you anytime? Anytime. But only if I have to go. How's that? You know I'd rather not people that hang out in public things man. Very, very suspicious to me. Take it from me. She's there to do two issues here. If one has to sit down then I will move heaven and hell do avoid that. Oh, never would see it. Well, yeah because you know people aren't tidy in the public restaurant. Let's go. You know something what you're going to catch off a toilet scene. He says maybe lots of things. Just a ghost like that. Dust, dust in the dust. Yeah. If you got dust in the wind. I don't want to. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I would use a public bathroom anytime 15. Only for emergencies 10. Only in other words like oh. It's just no choice. Only if it's empty two of there's nobody around because I might actually make a sound. Only if it's clean too. I can only use my own bathroom one and I never go in public bathrooms. Nobody. Well thank goodness for that. I mean what kind of a lunatic would have that? I mean I only use my own. There's one. I'm sure there'll be more than that. Because there are some people I have like a fetish about that now. I don't think there's any question. Or now there's 42 votes. It's zooming up there. But the comfort of one's own tea room. There's nothing to replace it. You know what I mean? It's just the comfort of your own bathroom. Right? Right. And you've got, you know, especially if you live alone like I do. You've got the privacy and you don't even have to shut the door. You just go in there and you don't have to worry about making too much noise or too many mal-autorists or whatever. You know, it's just you do your thing and that's it. You hang loose. Oh no, wait a minute. Look at that. I've never done 56 votes on the, did I ever read it? I never read it. I never read it. I never read it. I never read it. 44 votes on the day second full and 1356 and you know what that is? And those two have us together. 1400. Oh. Could that happen again in a zillion years and a rat coon zage? I don't think so. 1356 and 40 and 46. 1402. Chris. See we call Chris my little boy. But that would be crispy. We take a little. And he would write. He ain't anybody's little anything. You're okay though. Don't take it person. Let's start sulking now. He's nothing worse than having a guy in there. That's sulks, you know. Like Marvin Rawman. They used to show up late for work. We didn't. And George liked him because I guess they had some deals with the Indians. I don't know what to deal with. Yeah. Yeah. When a religion is thrifty to certain foods on certain days or for bids you to eat them at all. That is crazy as Schmidt. 454. Crazy. Like anything with religion. Just like this choke guy. Or he's going to be just like Jesus, you know. They shouldn't nail his ass up on a cross and burn and fry his ass when they've been good. Fried choke. An idea for his people came up with not God 357. Certainly not. They'll come up with that kind of crap. Something I'm glad I have no part of 3538. A side of high obedience to God. 53. Oh, Halle Lueha. Halle Lueha. Rubbed and rose rebeds man until they're raw. Hard for me to obey 53. I'll law you better comply with their your burn and hell 51. You'll burn on that lake of fire, baby. Something I religious person violate all the time. What come any? About 30 people are religious but they violate that prohibition. And you want them to lie because they can't stop. They just can't stop like most said I can't stop. They finally stopped at them. Fire alarm. Thank God. Oh. Something I do because I'm weak 12. See that's the correct answer for anybody that believes in I crap that follows it. Week. Week. You haven't got a brain if you're on if you did have a brain you own. You wouldn't be following all this religious. Hockey, poke, a hockest, pokeest. So unfair I'm missing out on some good eats has got only eight. No, the armistice now. I mean, who doesn't like a nice bacon cheeseburger even on pace off. Pleasant like that. Thur garlic and nice big juicy rib eye steak with a bone in. That big extra big rib like they have it with Cristino. Right like a rib eye. I'm Friday or any other day that I'm in the mood for it. No, no jackass in the dress. No silly guy wearing a dress is going to tell me oh it's Friday you can't eat meat today. Why not? Where did we just say that? He told me where it says the Bible about night being meat on Friday. Where does it say that? Doesn't it? They just make it up as they go along. The cheese is on the diet that day. If you're supposed to be bummed out that day so you're not supposed to eat anything good. He died only on what? I'm good Friday. That's what they say. Well, what was good about it? That's right. He died so that he can't eat. That's right. Well, you can't eat. You can't eat. You can't eat. People do sexual activities out there. Shame on you. What's wrong with you? Are you crazy or what? Does it just go wrong with you? Both. There you go. And of course, if you do enough, it will make you crazy. I don't want to view the pretty this thing is now all screwed up. Not screwed up, but it's just I don't want to see the oil. I just got through reading it. 68 votes on the T room pool. See, this is not a bad deal. When you come in in the morning tomorrow, you'll have a pull going on. Right. You need to keep this one going all. Yeah, it's up to you, but at least you got something there. Or do you want me to change it? No, whatever. I'm here. Listen, but good here at your back and call. Oh, yes. Now I'd like to know where that came from, too. Back and call. You've heard that. I've got any idea. Yeah. I don't know. Look at that. I think back probably means the same thing as call. Like, back in someone, you know when you take your hand and you. David, David, David, David, David, back from on the internet. And he's got tattoos all over him. He is very much moosey like in one respect. But I'm just, oh, that doesn't, that does nothing for me. I just run on the other direction when I see somebody covered with tattoos. And then of course they got that ink show on A&E. What's happening to A&E? Flip this house, flip them. I flipped them the bird every time I turn out I used to love A&E. Now I love the biography channel which I'm at cables right next to it. A&E used to have so many great programs on now. It's like, all punky stuff on there. Flip this house. Well, what does that flip, flip this house by a flip Wilson this house. What does that mean? Flip this house. Have you ever seen that? Yeah. A&E had changed. I think that show is finally gone. Isn't it throwing up Godi? I hope. Yeah, I think it is. Oh my God. I told that I had it on my show one time. And I and Z. What's her God? Victor. Victoria? Who the heck are you talking with? There's a real Guido issue. A kid's a her husband. They wouldn't be too bad looking if they weren't Guido's man. They got that Guido thing about them. Oh, Jesus. 68 votes on the poll. Why is it that he was always talking about these good old young guys? Cause that's where my life is at. That's what it's all about. And I make no apologies for it. Okay. If that whatever whatever. Just like George is all got the hots for what is their name now. Then the morning show. Uh, Julie? Is that a Julie? Julie? How are you? I don't see me when you play the Bobby Sherman record. That's right. Julie. Julie. I don't have to. What do you think? I had a letter yet. I mean, let's. You got the hots for any chick with this. Okay. She's got the right part. You got the hots. Yeah. But that's what I mean. Like all you had to worry about. They got their right part and the right place. Well, why they got the right hives and the right the. They have to stay in the fifth dimension. 76 votes on the public bathroom. Pull there you go. Brand in U.S. and you got it. But I think I don't think that's when you want to keep up their all weekend. I'll find one of two. It's really not very good. I mean, I'll find a really good one. And I'll send it along. See, I'll have something for tomorrow. I. And I'll take care of the stories. No, what's your other vision? I'm taking off tomorrow. You know, I don't want you to have to like do any of that. Especially the way they treat you like garbage. Right. I was thinking in the shower this morning. I was thinking that day the phone rang and it was Greg Reed. No, congratulations on the great book deal. And by the way, I've decided to terminate George Rodriguez. That's exactly the way he said it. And that's home. Yeah. And I said, you what? That was after you sent me those emails of all those people who had written in the Acosta emails to mole ripping ass. They were. You were the last one to get your copy too, but they were all very amusing. They were making a rounds all over the building. And people were like, ah, I had that mole. Everybody ate some like poison. And they did. And then, of course, he did the right thing. He backed off. After everybody in the building lied to me about, oh, no. Moves not putting any pressure right. Just like to think with kind of Lisa. And just like to think with everything that would Zach Kranz, which Clarence, you know, is, you know, as currances in the nervous laugh yesterday when I put him on a spot about that before the show, which he better not come in every time. Before the show again anytime soon. When he was sitting around, they're just waiting for me. So he could go running back to Joe. Oh, Joe, here's what Neil said this morning. He's really upset about it. This is pretty quick. Whenever I shape my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers glow for one hour. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. Oh, the boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. It cuts all white. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Off the bus. Double to the final 60. That's where those numbers of men. Right up to the old. Back home too. Ha ha. Hundred votes on the new pool. I bet you Chris is really proud of that. He's weren't it. Now what was for Wednesday? Would you just bacon? No, Georgia didn't get anything. I have a ham and cheese sauce. I know Georgia didn't get anything. We're asking your fat ass. Ham and cheese sauce. Ham and cheese sauce. So, Frank, you know what? So, it's disgusting. It's fat thing, it's hell. That bread, that croissant. Do you know what? You realize how much to transfer from there? Yeah lots of butter. That's what makes it easier. That's what makes it easier. Lots of transfer. And that croissant. Why can you just give like a ham and cheese on right? I'll get that tomorrow. that tomorrow. That's right. I'm not going to have that. I'm going to burn. I said I'll get that tomorrow, but we have nothing about coming into the world. Why didn't they do that? Why didn't they do that? You're busy calling him. I was ignoring him because he screwed me over on Pompano Park and because Pompano has got this slots now and we got no information whatsoever about it and he is usual is running around with the Galerie talking crap with the moishi and everybody there about what a big shot he is and he knows new Rogers but yeah it's up your silly. You're fair. You know, you hear the conversation when it comes in there, but it would be a bit of a bit of a budget to you know, verbal diarrhea. A lot of that going around. 100 votes on the poll today speaking of that. A lot of toilet talk. We got to probably play that third talk thing and we still play that. I doubt it. Do we still play anything? No. But you know something you'll notice it's already 1203 if I take any calls yet today. I have no life. No. No. Am I going to take any calls before 2 or 5? No. Absolutely not. If you're in fact I'm reaching over and shutting that stupid thing off. See, you know what? You know what just dawned on me? What I realized is that you have you got any idea? Of course it requires a little bit more work but you know what the kind of money they're paying me. I might do like a few minutes for work every day. Not a lot, not too much, but a few minutes. Do you have any idea on the internet? For example, how much good stuff there is and not to mention the stuff that are the more intelligent people in the audience industry now and you know, useful crap. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? I'm saying that if I can't carry the show for four hours every day, I'll be out of the lay and bricks somewhere. I'll be out laying on the bricks. I'll be able to sit on a street corner. Sperson, change, mister. How's it going? Like that. And you know, it was it was seemed to me that after while some of these big resound here on the streets of Toronto would realize after they've seen you for the eight months of the time that you're on to them and that when you start quickening your pace as they start approaching you that means you don't want to be bothered. They don't have to. A sparsion in fact it was one of them yesterday. They're kind of a bearded young punk guy and as sparsion on and he'd like stuff that midsince because he saw it was me and he knew I wasn't even going to give him the time of day. I wasn't going to give him the time of day. If he would have paid me I wouldn't have looked at my watching given them time. How do you like that? Not that I'm a hardhearted cheap bastard because you know that because right after the show I'm sending Judge Court is a big fact check. Big fat one because he's bugging me for money now because his dog needs an operation. That's the kind of guy I am. I take care of the whole universe no matter what George tells you Chris don't believe him. So Neil my bank account needs an operation. Yeah. You know what your your brain needs an operation autonomy. In fact I'll be the guy. So that way they can start if they're looking for your brain. That's where they'll find it. Okay. Before this morning I thought you were good guy. I thought you went ally a friend. I thought you were a comrade in the fight against the end. They're just a fellow fatty. Another fat guy. And the fat f. There's a word that goes after fat begins hard. Yeah, fat fart. That's not bad. I'll let you in. No, you're okay. You're all right. Just stay away for me. No, you're a see a poke and I know you will. Poles quick to and so will Josh as a matter of fact in spite of the check I'm going to send him and of course you know Josh is I don't know what the big deal is with him. Why is everybody got the hot spring? I'm especially these faggots. He's a great kid. Huh? Have a big of a person. I'm just want to make sure we're talking about the same judge. Josh, corn is. Oh, are you talking about Clarence Dero? I was somebody's got that. You brought that up. Holy moly Ray. And you were somebody will must really be a fortunately end of your existence on a planet. Good. God. The thought of that and that day that he came in there adjusting his package as long as I live on that's another reason I don't want to show his next studio. He wasn't just adjusting. He was manipulating and twisting and even Chubby Chester never saw a twist like that. Even when he was on that famous New York station. Yeah. Do every well around 7 7 on your dial. But great big group of shots. I remember those days. Good radio was worth owning. Can't put it down. I don't you know. Hi. Those are the days, baby. Bob Blue, Bob Lewis and Pune Scott Munie and cousin Bruce E. who's a real A-hole with a bad hair piece and all these other guys. Danny, remember that I mentioned him now. A lot of dead people. Her boss, Giranderson. Hello again. Here's my best to you. Oh, he was so bored. He was so bad. See, one thing about the early days of radio, the world of golden days, not the early days, the golden days. There were a lot of people around here for a long time. Like I'm television, too. Like they'd gear away in Arthur Godford. They were terrible, but they made millions of dollars because they were like pioneers. You know what I mean? Right. You follow what I'm saying. There was a different thing I did. I did. I did. I was to do what they were doing. Which didn't mean that. Right. They were just about a long time. Like Arnie Warren for example on WGBS. So, which you can't all then come and tell you about Arnie and Amis. They were pretty famous for about five minutes. WGBS. Remember that? 710 and Rinal Avenue. 710 on the dial. I want to 710 now. I'll radio my being. I don't know. It can enclave. It's like everything else in Dave County. No speaking English, baby. Much of old Julio sitting around. Listen to that. Fidale Fidale about all of the same old-tired crap man. And we're tired of you old Julio's by the way. Go back where you came from. Go back and Fidel was like his making a nice comeback. That's what Hugo Chavez said. He said, for those doing just fine. What he said. Communists are communist. Communists are communist. So I guess they have to how do you undo like a party in the street? You have like an un-none party and un-party. Let's have a big un-party this weekend. Mistreats like on February, Street, and Oliver, or a sweet water, too, and I, Alia. Even the people who live in I, Alia don't want to go there. You know, I don't blame them. I will use a public bathroom. I'm sure speaking of I, Alia, at Westland if they can do the limbo rock there in I, Alia, they'll use the public restroom. Especially at J.C. Penny at the T-Rom there in Westland. I'm trying to think, you know, once upon a time I lived in Highly Lakes next to the high school there. I told you that, didn't I? Yes you did. And so I guess I had been in Westland, but I can't think it last time. I must be about 75, 800 years ago. Is there really a mall? Is there a mall? I mean in Toronto, it's downtown the Eaton Center. I mean, that's, I mean, there are plenty of other malls. But that's the mall, you know what I mean? Is there a mall in South Florida? And don't tell me the sawdress, please. I know it's a big tourist trap and all the Brazilians go there and speak with a list of Portuguese scenes, though. But is there a mall that's really like a magnet? I don't know. I don't understand the question. Like a magnet like the mall. Right. And that's, what did I just get? I would say that in Tura or Deadland. Yes. I would say you have a Tura. Deadland. Are you kidding me? That's in Kindle for Christ. I don't know. I don't know. That's where he lives. He lives way down there. He's still living Kindle. We're down Yonder. Beyond that. I'm still living 100, 700 years. He lives by Central as he's been sunset and Kindle dry. Back when you were like five people, that's who's talking. Wish I was one of them though. I lived in Fanova, over you know. I beg of pardon. I was in Fort Corta, San Matei, you know where that is? No. Oh. And then I was in Horizons, which was in the down the street. A little bit. Then I bought a townhouse in towngate right on the corner there. You don't know where these places are? Maybe they're not even there anymore. Yeah, that's what I'm thinking. And then of course there was speaking of the melting pot. There was the original Kindle one there, I'm not saying that. And that's still there. Yeah, I know it's still there. And there was also a net scene. I think in the same strip shopping center, there used to be a Tacos Ola. Was it a Taco Viva? Well, the good, would that nice squeeze cheese? Was that Taco Viva? Okay. Yeah. Or Taco Olae. I remember, I mean, I remember the existence of Taco Olae. I don't think every one in one. I think it was Taco Viva with the nice that squeeze cheese. They put on the burritos. The wine was good. Oh, someone's better than Taco Olae, Taco Bell. I like Taco Bell. And also when I had same strip shopping center on the other side, was the original Godfather's. Which was responsible when I was in W. News. The other reason I'll never forget that place. First of all, the food was so then good. That was that was good stuff for it. That Godfather's. It was like, it wasn't like Chicago style. Like, one of those things like that. In fact, we did have one of those, but because people in South Florida their faces and their tuition was in West Ulong, my pie and Uno's. Remember those? But that Godfather's. And I keep talking about Havier, who was young guys about like 24 or 23 old enough. And he was, he was like the member of the family that came to this station to like, seal the deal. So to speak. And then they all went to jail for a bunch of them did. But boy, I'll never forget Havier. I mean, he was a fine young gentleman. Oh, Havier. In fact, I would, when I went in there, I'd order my pizza with Havier on it, but it just never worked out. God Almighty, I'd say some of your people, man. Some of your people look pretty good to me. Those are the ones I like. I understand. Of course, some of anybody's people. One of those of the ones I like. I don't want to hear who's see. I'm not one of those that ask about there. I don't ask a lot of questions. I'm not interested in your family tree. I don't want to hear about your ancestry or they came from how long they lived there. You mama, I don't care about any of that. If you look good and you're ready to rock and roll, all right. That's fine. And don't you think that's a healthy attitude? You bet. All right. I'm glad I answered it. I don't really care what you think. 12 minutes past noon in QA and let's talk some sports. Not America loves to watch boobs and butt and biking. Up the genre, top top the genre, top the genre, top the genre, top the genre. 12 18 to 5 60. How genre do you all see her in all mull and how is her Gary Condeword doing? We don't hear anything about him either. Gary's kind with it. And anyway, I'm just going to let it all hang out here this afternoon. I'm going to just rip Joe Bell and ask that he deserves. I'm going to just tell you right now. From now on, from this moment forward, I'm laying the gut look down. Whatever that means. What does that mean? Are you serious? I'm eating evil times. Yeah. Yeah. When you challenge somebody through your club down. I love it. It means it's like, oh, cool. You know, it's just like, explain to me stuff like you know that. Why I said do you really want to know? I'll make me sound like a dad-ring old fool. I'm trying to get to show. That's set up. You're trying to get to show. That's why you're not going to answer any question. Yes. Just wait. That's... Oh, man. But I'll get to that in a second. First, here's some good news, I think. The Florida Senate earlier today improved its version of a property tax relief package that rolls back city and county taxes while providing extra tax breaks for the first time home buyers and business owners. And you know what? Nobody still wants to live there if they got a brain. Well, I'll tell you one thing. You know, the one great thing about coming back this last time or any time now, since I'm here most of the time, from hamster name or Berlin or anywhere I'm visiting? You know the best part of it? What? Is that I'm not coming back to South Florida? I'm coming back here to realize place a great city with real people in the sunny shining. And it may not be like, you know, boiling in the shade, 100 need to degrees with 400 to the percent humidity. But it's just fine, eh? The votesets of the state for the House and Senate to immediately begin working out for differences over how to address a brewing property tax crisis that led hundreds of homeowners across the state to protest outside the capital earlier this week. This fine benefits every single property owner in the state said, Senate Majority Leader Dan Webster, Republican winner guard, and I think it's pretty awesome, he said. It's pretty awesome. I know somebody who's awesome. I know a few awesome people. You know who one of them is? Who? Serbian Stadion. I better, I better respect the rest of the on his web page. That's a profile page. What do you laugh about? I'm going to tell you what. During the next break, or may later run, I have time to fart with it during the show. We got a show on pretending to later on, I'll email you the pictures. And then you'll tell me on Monday whether or not you think he's a fine, you know, all right. Because at least with you, you don't have to give me, wow, you know, I don't know. I mean, I just can't deal with that. You show me a real man and a real man will have an opinion about what anything or anybody looks like. How can you not have an opinion? Oh, humor you. If it comes up, what do you mean you'll humor me? Well, I'll generate an opinion if it comes up. Otherwise, you don't really give it a thought. Oh, in other words, I'll just, you'll have an opinion. All right. The House plan passed yesterday calls for a major cut in local government property taxes, but a lot of voters decide if they want to eliminate property taxes and exchange for an increase in the state's hit for sales tax. Yeah, let's make it 100%. That will be good for tourism. Let's make the sales tax a 100%. So if an item is like 12.95, it will cost you 25, 25, 20, 20 bucks. The House plan could all of them read the way. Two and a half cents increase in the sales tax, making it the highest state net in sales tax in the entire U.S. A, but House leaders are predicting homeowners could all of them leave say $35 billion of the next five years. The Senate, which unanimously rejected the House package, calls for a more modest property tax rule back, but what I've heard is decided by the first time on or sure, homeowners should get an additional 25 grand homes that exemption for a total of 50 grand, and businesses should get a $25,000 tangible personal property exemption. A Senate probability portability plan, a quarter-party plan. How about anybody out there going a quarter-party unless you're working on a construction site? Oh, don't touch anything except it's a whole new thing. Oh, yeah, you don't want to have an increase of effort for this. I'm sure you're probably right about it. Was that speaking of quarter-party, they have quarter-peat places. Yeah, I have heard that. They have four sides to them. They're like square little things. I'm not going to say like in the middle of the main streets, but like on the all-around town, and they have urinals in D'Oelle, and they go down a whole's in the ground. You know, and the guys just threw out there, and of course a lot of goons in going on. There are a lot of booze in baby and nature is gone, and that's so guys take a leak in these poor, these urinal places. Right out there in the middle of, and of course if you're really clever in your stand around, you can kind of catch a peek every now and they back up real slow. Anyway, a Senate portability plan would also allow long-time homeowners, sell their homes, and move to a new house without a major tax hit. Tax savings have been estimated $11 billion. The house in Senate will now start negotiating their differences and hopes of reaching a tax relief agreement by their scheduled May 4th agreement, but some people doubt that can be easily accomplished and could force a special legislative session. Just like they're always seeing just after being anything done. Because it's a mugwump state, the mugwump legislature, and a mugwump fact governor, and most of the mugwump residents, especially on a west coast. There you go. 161 votes on our second pool. There you go, Brandon. You wanted it, you got it. The toilet pool. Right up your alley. Okay, let us be in a way up your alley. Let me just say this. And I know all kidding aside, you believe me all kidding aside when I say that? No. Of course not, because you know better by now, right? You're all these hundred years. I'm just telling you, I am as of this moment, as of today, because I feel I feel pretty good. Actually, physically when I got up this morning for the first time, I really felt like an old man. Good. Excellent. Good. Good. What is that thing? What a bastard man. He's giving me Chris's giving me a giant for a small boy. And you're giving me good that I woke up feeling like a giant person. Just a giant person. You're not. You're a man. Talk about dancing on my grave. Even Sammy Davis will be embarrassed. It's all that fact that's making you feel that way. Because you put on all that weight. One evening nine. I'm one evening nine. That's not so bad for me. That's pretty damn good. I'm still a fat slob. Well, it'd normally continue with your story. No, but let me just finish. Sorry. I, you know, and like I started. It's not a story. Okay. I just woke up feeling ached in pains. You know how like old people have arthritis. Right. And now I feel fine. Good. And to me, I sound pretty damn good today. You know, I sound like this. I sound as good as I have in 20 years. You sound as pink as Chris looks. Don't start with the pink stuff. Okay. I want to get in person. You've ever seen. Yeah, I've seen pink. I doubt it. Want to bet? You just don't know what. I didn't like. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't leave me there. Okay. Okay. Down the pink roll. You're so full of crap. Anyway, how about purple. Hey. What was I said? I'm sure you just keep it around the eye. You're old. I can't get this out. Or okay. The fact that the matter is as of today and then and you're all this. I don't even have the damn monitor on and maybe I'll take calls again. And maybe I won't. I'll do whatever it I want to do because we haven't got and you know this for a fact. Oh, yeah. We haven't got anybody in management at any level in that building, including the previous the predecessors in that building who have a clue about talk radio. They haven't got any idea what this show is all about. What it takes to do this show. What I need, what you need. They haven't got any idea. So when some fat idiot is running around and go, oh, we need those tapes. The audience wants to hear Neil's voice. Oh, like that. I know I'm dealing with a real bozo. Okay. He may be a nice guy. But what he what he knows, you could stick it about about this business and about what we do. You could stick it in a symbol and have room for the damn Chinese army left over. And that's not just that's not just saying, okay, that's the free control. You'd have to squeeze him in there pretty tight. But I think it would work. He knows nothing. And that's what exactly what is contributed to the show and for this guy to be sending me an email while I'm a hamster than my vacation sending me an email on my Yahoo, giving me a solid answer. But well, you guys are back up in midday in the trend. Oh, and oh, and March ought to be really gigantic. Based on what? Based on what? Based on what you've done, that George has got a big to get a toner cartridge for the damn machine that's been sitting there that I paid for out of my own pocket for months and months and months and months and months. That the based on that, that we get that kind of input and output and then cooperation that we get nothing. Based on the fact that you're willing to sit back on your fan ass along with your partner in crime, Joyce and Clarence there and let it happen. Isn't it the hijacked to phone on the show? That's not going to happen because I'm not going to let it happen. See, the reason I survived 31 years plus whatever it's been a few days and this market is because I'm a survivor, baby. I know what needs to be done and what it needs to be done. Say whatever you want, okay? Whatever you want, but I'm a man of That's right. Action at Jackson, baby. That's what we got right now. Speaking of people that talk behind your back and see, he's not the kind of guy that had overcome due to your face and say, oh gee, it's so much better when you take the calls Neal when you're ripping those idiots off like that. He'll say that around the building behind my back and it'll get back to me. You know, I don't give it crap. What he says, he's not doing his show. This show, you know what I'm, I'll be saying? Just I'm doing it. I'm going to do it the way I want to do it. I'm going to do just fine, okay? And we'll still have bigger numbers than the horseball sports segments that we got on the station because sports talk, like I've been telling you for many many months, look, when something is dying, man, you can smell it. The smell of death is in the memory of those days when you were like choking and gagging you thought it was the time to roof. It's the smell of death at 2 a.m. Bill, this is Randy West and as for our phone conversation, I talked to Peter North yet today, he tells me your real name is Neal Down and he's still an interested man who sounds like a mogul. once the day passed and haven't seen it, it was an ugly sense of how dead the ofrelated things are all related Como a month. Shuligard is mad! He compares the hope to loyally walk upon Chocca! Yes, right now he can gain Ray made 10, 15 he wants to make a new four of these days to do it It's a terrible us to come together It's time for us to rebuild a new relis The one that should be uptown All the way, every day, oh This city will be shot with a chocolate new wall He never takes the blame for anything he says Shot with a pen that a dead-bitch off Bring in some coffee and you're all born for this Renegade Renegade and gain No, I can Ray made 10, 15 he wants to make a new four of these days You can't have new wall There's no other way It would be new wall It would be new wall It would be new wall And then of course they rewarded him for his incompetence and stupidity By voting him back in again Nice going You idiots In New Orleans What did I tell you about that place It was a horrible place before Katrina And before all this other Frother-I And it's still a horrible place holding worse now And what did I also tell you about that would be something comfort It's all about Louisiana Hey y'all Kai and Tom Tom Good movie then It's a great movie I'm thinking something I'm going to go on get it Alright, and the movie too Attorney General Alberto Vio 5 Gonzalez A real criminally real Nazi-bass dogdo Face heated questions from Republican Senator Arlan Magic Bullet Spector As the Senate Judiciary Committee began hearing Today over Farings of AWS attorneys last year The Pennsylvania Senate are focused on Gonzalez' contention They limited involvement in the Farings I've actually got speedy Gonzalez by Pat Boone I hope not Probably You think? I know I just speedy Gonzalez and the matter of fact Isn't that the same tune as that alien Gonzalez thing I think so A alien If it were got it Yeah That's it I'll just text it Sounds like a bit But it's not It sounds just like we both are blinded But it's not What do you mean? I walked alone Oh, you did that I don't be asking What would you think it came like? That was just what I was playing Or it's fine, boom Yeah Farbe Farbe Becing or what? Are they sure? There they are, they're right when you check I'm like a lot of men Oh, you didn't write the book on the ground But so much women Which usually became Just like the amount of yellow dot oil in the oil So much better than the original There we go Hey, hey You better come home, speedy Gonzalez Oh Oh, man Oh, wait And a red roll Speedy Gonzalez Oh, the Jordan Reaching You're the way he said Yeah, yeah, yeah See they Boom That's nothing That's more than enough He was sure pretty though For about five minutes Pat Boon Mm-hmm The Pennsylvania Senator Focus on Gonzalez Contention that he had limited Involving the firing Spectre went to a list of meetings Gonzalez attended Where the topic was discussed and asked You think it's honest to say that you only had limited involvement You've bestered you Gonzalez later replied it was limited involvement And he said this question If he asked the attorney such as Carol Lane from Southern California Only part of his job as he was attorney She was one of those who lost her job He said, and he talks about lamb with senior staff St. from complaints It received about a performance Spectre president's allies on earlier statements Concerning the extended his involvement The firerooms I'm asking you do you prepare for your press conference Spectre said we prepared when you said you weren't involved in any deliberations Senator I've already conceived it I'm going to focus on that press conference Gonzalez replied there was nothing intentional Right Later the anxious Nazi Senator Sand Brownback Republican Kansas a real card carrying fascist Ask Gonzalez to concisely run down the reasons for this Missile of each of the prosecutors The attorney general listed reasons from office Management and morale for the handling of the different Like case as he went through the instances Early in his opening statement Gonzalez apologized to the eight fired prosecutors And their family saying they deserve better For me and the Department of Justice We say sure for many many years absolutely correct sir As far as Alberto is concerned overall Only 28% of Americans view him favorably And a third have an unfavorable view That's Alberto Vio 5 Gonzalez Little Nazi best dot of going to liar And treacherous and dangerous He ought to be on he ought to be in federal prison right now Along course with his partners and correct the lot of them The whole lot And Trent lot get here Give the contract a lot of I can put him back in there too Just for old times sake Can't get your off the hook bow even for old times sake That's that's a great scene Can you give me off the hook time? For old times sake Can't do it sir He is so cool Robert Duval You know no matter what role he plays in if there's one actor in the last 50 years I would describe as cool it would be him Am I right when do you give me a big argument about that? No I'm thinking about arguing but so far not Well good Good choice If you want to be in that will Let's see here's the pool I'll be able to get some new dentures when that might come Oh Hey that's the one good thing I still got all my teeth Right Which is not good because that means a lot of trips to the dentist You know I flossed off today Why did I floss? Where did I know you and maybe you were doing it? Oh you know that show that show that they were I had on the weekend With Dr. Sanjay Gupta about eating like two lettuce leaves a day And a living 500 years Okay The one of the things they mentioned I keep hearing about that lot because Gum health have it I told you that they keep in your gum and healthy He's got lots of it with heart health I know it doesn't make any sense but it's true And so they said that flossing every day is a good freer And I flossed yesterday and then I woke up this morning feeling like 400 years old I don't know if I want to do that again Do you floss your teeth? No I have a big gaps between my teeth so I don't have to You have big gaps between your teeth You've got a gap I know that's not my mind It's just the way my teeth are I have gapy teeth and so I don't smile a lot Because of it and I don't floss I thought you didn't smile a lot because of your wife situation And you were your work Well that too Oh I will use a public bathroom 194 votes on this Only for emergencies one away Wow that's passed everything It's passed like your gas Like your were standing still only for emergencies one away That's interesting Anytime 50 is six yeah you got to go you got to go What do you still up tight about okay? Only if it's clean 20 Only if it's clean I'll go in and inspect And if there's like any schmutz anywhere I'm right out of there I'm having the runs Wins me that the Vinnie's that is an amazing I can remember the name of that restaurant I never can think of it That goes to show you how all the selling making a big come back today I don't know what to sell it about I think that's because you're doing a show tomorrow I'm getting a lot of here I think that might have some doubt about it though Or maybe it's because I just had such a great time and hands-to-dam you think Maybe Vinnie's Remember I told you about the sliding trowel and see Oh yeah there's that kid again from Virginia Tech The one at Zach pick to it's He's not the real good looking one He looks kind of human Considering it's Virginia Tech Only if it's clean 20 Only if it's empty four I never go in public restaurants three And I can only use my own bathroom 399 You do realize that there are people who can't even pee In a Public restroom I didn't realize that Let me think about feeling sorry for them Well no, it's not something they choose It's just it's a phobia They just can't they can't get the dribble going man Yeah, yeah, you get over it not bag That's my comment to them and their phobias That sounds awfully insensitive to me Well I think you have a good point to bad Let me see again See even later let me agree with them That's how we're doing Surely here Which we're hoping how much you agree with you I would agree, yeah Get over it is right Just do your business and you know what life And quit being such a worse What is that chogag and you got that Angry look The UK the public are looking for themselves They're gun-toting friends in the facing How hard do they view all about they view gun-controlliness Is Robert from the UK That's right Robert You got a good point there But how come you're so freaking Constipated you silly British New YAH Michaelizer Two-raying Wiser It took you two-raying to answer What are you doing over there? I'm sorry, so I just couldn't reach the phone Oh, I couldn't reach the world One-raying Wiser We've been over this I'm sorry Get on the ball over there Okay, what are you all hungover up with your mighty dick Who's her? The hockey kids Oh, the N.I. Mighty Ducks Oh, let us accessible story that would be Whatever, sell it Sell it Well they're team are terrible So they're in the Stanley Cup finals What does that mean? Well they're in the championship of the nation I say that I'm not in the sport anyway I'm not a poor mouse Or not Forget about the ducks It's a stupid name anyway Who came up with it? Well, I did so we remember we had that Oh, it would be terrible I see you hanging out with that straight brim on your hat You look like a woman Next to Charlie Sheen No, no, no, that was a million Estabes the star Great, it's the same kid Terrible The mighty ducks hit I mean they're really entertaining It's a great family No, you can't I thought that dick Oh, what? Hang on a minute Yes sir Oh my god What the hell is wrong with you, Raymas? Oh, no feel well, Bob You're almost white Yeah, pale balls Oh, has some bad Chinese Some bad Chinese Yeah, matter downtown balls Lings a panda Whenever balls are as got to go I get away from me It seems like a brewery Oh, my god God, come on I surfed Yes sir, well things are going very well over here You know we have the mighty ducks who's standing up fine over there I've also them And we also have the finding me mum We'll be what you're doing Fairly fair Yeah, that would be really well Let me ask you a question Yes, why do I have a check for four million Dollars on my desk And the thing made 70 million What kind of deal do we have with XR? Well, we sort of Wait up Oh, I'm not Did you do it? I think I've pulled myself off Yeah, pull yourself We've got to be off That's where you're My own mother My own mother My own mother I need to sneak up in here I just Did you get there? It came after me I am And it is I know Okay, well sir, would you like tickets for the mighty ducks? I told you to sell the decks Change the name of that thing anyway It's a change of name though We've got to keep it, make it done The meces What are meces? Meces What are you on my mind? That just might Yeah Are you correct in me? No, no sir But I'm gonna hate it Speak I hate you I was like mighty mouse A lot better in Mickey Mouse anyway 1247-13-15-15-60W Do you have anybody to remember mighty mouse? Sure, one here is his tunes Oh sure, his tunes I mean it was like more than one I don't know One that I know of Okay I'm hiding my mouth I'm hiding my cell Yeah, oh, I was with a red tape Okay No, maybe Yeah, that's all right You can google it I'm sure that we're going to get in the direction I'm gonna have to make sure to do that I've got the situation while I'm here right now Yeah, but you do Two and a half-time to full Let's get back to our important stuff Oh, this is the pressing It's just as easy to purchase guns in Florida As Virginia is both our most lenient states When it comes to limiting the sale of firearms gun control advocates said yesterday the wake of the murderous rampage of Virginia tech Indeed, bomb guns can be easier and Florida Because it has no restriction on the number of weapons It can be bought at one time I'll take a whole bunch But third man Now give me 30 guns Give me a couple of oozees And a couple of 45s And a couple of 22s And a couple of 357 Magnums Give me a magnum of mice to brow Making it a proper to shopping location for gun traffickers And if you have a few hundred units, you have three minutes north of That's it. He probably likes a nice piece. Anyway, Ragborn's group gives Florida an F plus on its gun control report card compared to a C minus for Virginia, and F plus, I give Florida an F minus. Still Virginia's laws are considered overly last by some because it has no waiting period for gun sales, although it does require a background trip these in Asian-wide database. Florida requires a three-day waiting background checks and allows counties to extend that to five days as Dave Cali has done. Luckily, now these districts is what a stop Virginia Tech student shows Schwungui from killing 32-Vi-Len himself Monday. The reason the gun purchaser made long before the shooting attacks began. He had plans, you know what I mean? What do you mean? Chow bought a clocked 9mm in a box of ammo for 571 bucks from a gun store in Rhoanow for Virginia, horrible place, 5 weeks ago. He stopped to purchase day welfare 22 caliber senior automated pistol and February, both transactions appear to be legal in the good old USA. In any case, the worst on campus bloodbath in American history has restarted the National Debate on Gun Control, with some arguing that more people look up for the firearms on the Virginia Tech rounds might have cut short-chose killing rampage. Oh, yeah, the right wing gun nuts. If everybody would have just been armed, they would have shot his ass right. Oh. If there had been armed people on campus when he walked into the first classroom, maybe four or five people would have shot it, and him it would be over at Nick Lipschulz, owner of PAR firearms in supplies of West Palm Beach said. Nice going, Nick, you nut job. Lipschulz who said he sells hundreds of guns each year to law-biting people. Said criminals will get access to firearms no matter how many gun control laws are imposed. I've never seen a bad guy in my story, said criminals buy guns on the streets. They don't obey laws so passing more laws than nothing answer. Gun Control advocates disagree, John Vett, Rurnick, co-directed of the Johns Hopkins Center for Gun Policy and Research in Baltimore, said nationwide they're almost 30,000 gun related deaths per year or about 80 per day. 80 a day. Florida's got almost 2000 gun related deaths per year or at an average of more than five a day according to the National Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Atlanta. It's a disease all right. It's called down sickness. Access will guns in shooting with killing and naming and moving and destroying lives. And yes, we should be talking about ways to prevent mass shootings like this, Vernick said, but we should also be talking about ways to stop all other gun deaths every day. What an excellent point. What a concept. We're going to be doing that. No. No. Vernick said the real problem is we'll unregulated gun sales. Gen. will made in private transactions over the black market. In those cases, states have no way to conduct background checks. It's estimated that about 40% of all gun transaction in the US are through private sales. So that's just a gaping move pull and gun sales Aussies said. While some states can laws are loose, others are stringent such as those in New Jersey and Maryland. He said New Jersey requires an arduous background check for pain and gun license and Maryland's had a seven day waiting period. Meanwhile, a Florida House committee crossed the biggest in the wood of forced businesses to allow employees to keep guns locked in their cars and company parking lots. The NRA back to Bill. Oh, well, the NRA back to, yes, yes, yes. So whatever you want, yes, yes, yes, yes, it. Because the NRA runs America and you people know that. Such a crazed gun nuts. Although representative, back to your traveling Republican winner, have an answer to vote for the post-foned, lovely tragedy on Monday. The House Environmental and Natural Resources Council defeated the bill 10 to 4. Part of your job is to vote on difficult issues and sometimes that's hard to avoid. It said representative Stan Mayfield, Republican in the Bureau of Beach, who voted against legislation. Well, they defeated the 10 to 4. The bill is failed for two consecutive years in Florida. See, that story did make any sense the way I read it. You know what? Too bad. I'm under a lot of stress and a lot of pressure. I don't know why, but I'll come up with an idea. 231 votes on our toilet poll. I mean, I just don't, I mean, when you go to a store, for example, you go to a light convenience store, the store is don't have toilets, but fast food joints do. So if you're like, can you be in store, do what? Convenience store to do. Get out. One of the convenience stores have toilets. Be very inconvenient store if it didn't have one. Let me tell you. Maybe for the help, but not for like the customers. All right. You've seen it convenience store like a, are you floating? Maybe that's why they named it that. Yeah. You float them. Well, I mean, there's one in the same with gas stations anymore. Oh, I see. They have come together. If they have a gas station, even if they don't have gas stations, seven, 11, most of them don't have a gas station. Most of them don't. Even if they don't. Well, I think that's important news to know. Yeah. I kind of envy see there. I would say the more you know, and then it comes out with some super fact like you know, two is more than one. The more you know, aren't we smarter than we see? Yeah. Keith Olderman really pisses me off. I don't want to get back on that. I'm a thing again, but the more I think about it, just frost my ass, then that idiot they call me yesterday gave me all the limes is a racist off here. You know what, he's entitled to be as racist as he wants to be. This whole politically crap bull crap crap this hypocritical bunch of garbage. Who wrote a really good article? Ted Rall on a retrodean of the show. Right. Remember that? Leave it to Ted, baby. He knows his crap. Where's that article by Robert? Oh, yeah. Wait till you're this one. Wait till you're this. Which I'll say for after the break. You must even jellicles end to influence European law. I got news for you. All you farbiz in a glam out there. You're you're whistling down the old Dixie Highway man. You're dreaming. You're whistling past the graveyard. There's another good expression. What does that mean? Whistling past the graveyard. I don't know. There's all like farting in a wind storm. I got it. We could speculate. You ever fart in a wind storm? I'd something to try. I'd be a lot of fun. I'm pretty sure because I've been in some wind storm. Oh, there are Neil goes talking about farting again. I bet you Joe's not too happy about that. He's probably on the way to one of his lunches. Anybody can keep an ass. That big, keep that size, you know, maintain it. It's got to be eaten several lunches every day. One thing about Joe Bell, Jolly Joe man. He's all ass. Just ask me, I'll tell you. 242 votes on our second poll, which means what do we have on the first one? Chris? 1356. And what? 242. What if we had almost 600? What is it? Yeah, almost 169. 1898. Holy moly, right man. Let me click that baby again. 243. 1599. The next vote will be 1600. We still got an hour to go on this horse ball show. How do you like that? That will be monumental. The next person who votes on this poll. What do we need? Oh, we got 245 now. We're over 1601. Even Chris, even his hostility is today for whatever we've more up on the wrong side of bed. Yeah, maybe that's what I was. Is that what it is? You're good. Tomorrow that's because I'm not going to be here. George will be just called. I'm just a two-hour. That's taking up these four-the stationers. He's out to get our baby to him. I'm on the fourth order of my child. Look at these guys who paid their bills. Oh, they paid their bills. That choice that's rich, that's taking nasty bills. Like the other Wilson of the birthday. Who is 30 words on? I've done the other turn, but they... She stopped to drink her castle ball. Oh, they paid. She thought this was to say that choice that's rich, that whiteness really big. She's a flower-lucker. Don't look back on gray, old. All the fish and fun, my eyes too. Very good. The deal that you share, I thought, say you would love them. Will I provide shame, though? Underfoot, they don't, she's a woman. She took them all up on by one. Oh, my God. All the fish, you'll stand that picture away. The dress is rich, that's fake and stinky. We hate to rejoice. And by the way, I just figured out it's a trifecta man. The evil trifecta, you know, how the ashes of evil at your prison was talking about once upon a time. The ashes of evil. We've got our own ashes of evil, a triple J club. Jolly Joe, Joyce, and Josh Diro. How do you like that? How do you like that is right on me? And the answer is, I don't. Try it. The evil try at me. See, I have to say Josh Diro, because if I say Josh, I'll say, oh, he's figured out Josh, Cortis, now, just because, you know, I wouldn't do that. He's my, what is he, my little boy? Your love monkey. To 100 and 61 hosts on the new pool, which means he got way over 1600 today. That's, I mean, we cheated, of course. We not only had two pools, but the first one we started about six months ago or something like that. But that's okay. Maybe there ought to be an investigation. I don't know. I don't know what it is, but I feel so much better, not having even wasted one phone call that I take one early on. I don't think so, did I? I don't think he did. Very positive I did not. If he did, I forgot. Well, most of them are pretty forgettable. Anyway, let's get to this very sad news. Of course, it's almost laughable having just come back from hamster to them. And from, you know, places and even here, like we're civilized people generally seem to rule. And the religious nuts, you know, there are some of them around, but generally speaking they're giving me a raspberry. Erlang and Germany. For the past two months, the Bush-Bussechro's family has been fighting a court battle to begin custody of their 15 year old daughter Melissa. German police took her from her home here and placed her in a psychiatric ward. The reason she was being homeless schooled, which violates Germany's compulsory education law. I think that's a fine idea. Melissa's plightest drug accord with USC van Geleckles who often see homeschooling as a way to instill Christian values, aka brainwashing with nonsense with Husserai. American evangelical groups have rushed to the family's aid providing legal counsel and lobbying the German parliament. Many American Christians have reached out to the New Stakehorse family who now have two wicker baskets, stuffed with hundreds of letters from supporters. Two wicker baskets is not a study. It reminds us that we're not alone that there are people standing behind us and giving us the strength of five to Melissa's mother, Gludroun. The Bush-Bussechro's case is emblematic of the growing effort by US and goi, I'm a Christian legal organization, to take the so-called culture war overseas. Pushing back against a perceived and solved on their values by an increasingly secular society, thank God. The groups are striving to influence European law, and this is ranging from homeschooling to stem cell research to gay marriage, of course. A few recent examples include these. In Britain, the Alliance Defense Fund, the ADF and organization founded by American evangelical leaders, is funding a lawsuit brought in by a Christian man who was fired for refusing to work on Sunday. It's also happening to develop a legal strategy in the case. In Sweden, ADF played a key role in persuading the Supreme Court there to dismiss charges against Ake Green. I wonder if he's can't Ake Burg used to play for the Leafs' stunk. This mischievous against Ake Green, a pastor was convicted of hate crime charges after he delivered a sermon in which he called Gaze, a deep cancerous tumor in the entire society, in Sweden, no less. In a rubah and the Czech Republic, Pad Robertson's legal organization, the American Center for Long Justice, ACLJ, helped to feed bills that would have legalized same-sex unions. In France, in your pants, ACLJ affiliate, the European Center for Long Justice is staging a legal challenge against an anti-sex law that says it's been used to clamp down evangelical Christian churches and on the European Union level, E.C.L.J is logging to black funding for embryonic stem cell research. So it's done up that enough that the God squad, the lunatics, the maniacs, the flat earths' society, it's not that enough that they're poisoning the era in America and creating more brainwashed lunatics. That's not bad enough. Now they want to export it to a Europe and you know what most of the Europeans are going to tell them, you know what they're going to say? What? Cox a hoist. That's what they're going to say. And of course, the Goi and the Not Understanding English, they're going to say, oh, thank you. Have a nice day or whatever they're going to do. The third, just pathetic. See, that's one good thing except in the New York City, most Goi and the Not Understanding to what you did, unless they listen to the legendary New York Times show. That's why this is a tremendous service that we provide here, speaking yet a shonder radio in South Florida, where all the old Jews are probably dead not anyway, or move to Boca. And they hate me like poisoning the first place. Now what's that all about? Hmm. That used to be my audience. And then of course I started picking on them because they're ever in Goi-Tesk, Uncental Behavior, and the whole early bird mentality. And the fact that they were like opening up their neighbors' mail and doing Goi-Tesk on acceptable things and screaming about their neighbor's grandkids coming visiting, but if their own grad kids came and visited and tore the condo apart it was okay, stuff like that, all of these things. And then they decided I was a bad guy. Now I'm an old fart and guess what? I'm not like them. I still not like that. I'm never going to be like that. If I thought I was going to be one of those commandal kind of commandal types, I'd pull a choice right now. I'd go out and kill a bunch of people in Blomabrainsa. Would you be a condom commander? I'd be a condo commander, let's correct. Or condom commander? 211 votes on our second poll of the day. I would use a public bathroom only for emergencies, winning way ahead of everybody else. 143. Why is that? Why does it have to be, see, I don't understand emergency. I mean, I know our real emergency. You know what I mean? I mean there's nothing to go in and there's like, oh, I mean, you know, no holding back now. Like, when the... When the... When the... ..."G ситуat smooth can make out the route..." Then I didn't like covers my aspirations, 761, 753, 707, I never take from you in the 216 ... I'm on a nice class. You know not too tight sometimes too tight is not too heavy. That's right. Well they're not too tight. How do you know? I will use I don't want to hear about it. I don't want to go there. Then you're going to start playing music by pink again. I will use a public bathroom only for emergencies 143. Anytime, maybe for anytime is obviously the answer for St. People. I mean you got to go to school on in there. Have a good time. That's all. Pity up a little bit. The only of a big mess behind. The other one. The party started. That sucks. I would use a public bathroom only if it's clean 29. That's right. If you go in there and it's like, oh my god. If you walk in the door and it smells like a toilet in there, I'd run right out. If you ever go in there and public bathroom you say, oh man, it smells like crap in here. I'm not surprised. Only if it's clean. I have done that. And I think to myself, oh, where are you? You moron? You silly old fag? I would use the public bathroom only if it's clean 31. Only if it's empty. If there's nobody else around. I'll sneak in there and do my business and race right out. I never go in public bathroom is 4. And I will only use my own bathroom 3 out of 278. I'm telling you, there's a lot of, you know, I mean not a lot. What percentage we got? About 2.5 percent that are very, very picky about where they're going to do the business. And I still say no matter what anybody would tell me, using your own T-room at the house is so much preferable. Like for example there in that radio station. Now that's a place that nobody in the right mind. You know what? And of course you go there every morning. At least once sometimes 2.3 15.20 times. Am I right? Right. I was never crazy about it. Obviously there were times when nature was called. And especially with all the damn food that we used to eat there all the time. But it's just not that good. Hey, the love monkey himself is here. And who's that? Oh no, little boy. You're a little boy boy. You're a boy boy. You know, let me say this to you. Okay, the sacked and known to a clock. I'm going to sit down and write you out of check. Put it in the mail. And what's the story with your dog? What kind of operation is he just just make that up? He's got a swollen salary going in his neck. No, I didn't make that up. He's got a swollen salary going in? Yeah. You think I make that up? By the way, I'm not wrong. I didn't write that to be like, give me a check. You read. I said if I'm wrong, correct me. Well, are you like on like a regular? I'm pretty good. Well, usually I get one every three months. Yeah. See, you've got a report. Whenever I feel like it. I think what happened is Joshua, I mentioned yesterday. I got my IRS tax refund. Chuck it was. Oh. I missed that actually. Yeah, and I have you been trashing me today because I haven't been able to listen. I'm walking. I'm walking. Everybody starts laughing when I walk in. First call you my little boy. And I'm leaving. Well, I'm playing. In fact, I am too. Yeah, but George called you with love monkey. Yeah, and George has been sending all these grotesque things. And why have no idea? I think they're jealous. I think they're good. And I did your favor by the way. There was another one of those phony profiles on my space that had your picture on it. I deleted it yesterday. Or blocked it or someone. I just made a vanish. Well, what is that all about? Why don't these guys keep using your picture on your phony profile? Maybe they want to get in your will. Josh. What's he going? Well, no, you're here. I don't know. I don't know. What can I say? Should I be flattered? They want to be you, is that it? Yeah, I got a pretty good life, you know? Maybe they want to piece of that Russian girlfriend you got. Hey, yeah. I bet. Bibs. Yeah. And that's how I already called it. I mean, with all the respect, I don't think they would be one of them. I don't think they would be one of them. That's not a shot. I mean, it would be nothing wrong with being you. But I would mind being you because only because I'd be like 40, when you're younger. Oh, God. If I had 41 more years and knew what I know now, then that's what everybody always says. If I was only 20 again and knew what that, yeah. But of course, it doesn't work that way. Because when you're 20, you think, you know, everything and you don't know much of anything. And then of course, you're as way to you find out, oh, Jesus, if I don't only have done this and done that and done this one and whatever. But you're doing okay. So I'll take care of that today. You don't have to be bashful. Okay, if you want some of that IRS money, it's all in the bank already. No, it's all in the river and money. That's right. I'll send you a nice, all right. So just put another zero in that case, man. I just got a really good idea. How about putting all zero? Yeah, how about that? It was always fresh. There was a game show that used to be on called Pressure Lock. And that's what I think you're doing right now. I wouldn't push my luck, okay? That's all I'll take care of. And so is this a serious thing? Your dog's operation is this like, you know, he's not like his life is an endanger, but like I don't know if I had to take it to get drain twice in the guy. Oh, Jesus, you shouldn't have said that. The guy was like, you know what? He's like, you can keep coming back here every month. You had to get a drain twice. Oh, he had to get the hospital out there. He's probably getting emotional here in his own way. The only way to get rid of it is to have a little surgery. So yeah, how much is the surgery? 1200 out of this. Oh, no problem. I'll cover it. Well, just if you send me your check, I got it, man. I got it. I'll cover it. You're very nice. Thank you. What's wrong with that? That's just going to show you what kind of a great guy I am. A mentor all seasons. That is right. I'll take care of it. I can't live. Now, Wayne, what's your story? What'd you say something about, um, your blaned as a whole, understand? My story? No, I'm talking to Josh. Oh, it is blaned with swollen. All right. What? Look, I say it's 114. It's 114. I'm hoping you can get out of here if you want. If you've added that check, it's almost written now, man. It is written. And we're saying it in the good book. It is written. Some words. You get a lot of it. All right. If you're Rogers on sports, all may you, WQA. Who is this man? You have rocked reformer. His name is Jesus. I say, says he's kick of the Jews. And that's them forward. Mr. Jesus, King of the Jews. Oh. Look, what you've done. You've got your chocolate in my peanut butter. What have you say for yourself? You, my son, have got your peanut butter in my chocolate. For this, you shall be crucified. A man that punishes another man without tasting his heirs. His man who he acts with haste. Well, then allow me to... Mmm. Hey. What are you? What are you? What are you? And mine is of great deliciousness as well. I think we're all just something here. The delicious taste of chocolate. And peanut butter. Great taste of taste. Great to gather. She's peanut butter cups. One nineteen. And I can't stand peanut butter in candy. I cannot stand it. It makes me want to cocky. I just can't deal with it. Cocky. Yeah. Like Reese's peanut butter cup. You know what I do like. And I don't see them anywhere anymore. Well, let's not get started. I can't do again. Please. Malocups. Yeah. They're right. Yeah. They are. Yeah, fortunately. Not here. They're not. Good. They got the nice creamy marshmallow inside. We'll hard chop it on the outside. And then they got that nice marshmallow when he instant. Now that would be good. To like heat up in the, and new kid a little bit, you know. Get all the chocolate melted in the marshmallow. And then like put that in some rocky rice game tour. Would that be good? That would be nauseating. And I won't like it. We do these things. See, if Dr. Goop is such a freaking expert there on CNN, which he makes me want to puke. Why does he tell us how we can do these things without getting fat and diet, but it can really sick and dying and really enjoy it? Because, you know, there's some people. They can take it or leave it. When it comes to food, you know, yeah, not too many people. But there's some like that. Can't stand with people. Or just not a food first, you know. Kind of people have to almost force to eat like Karen Carver, who that kind of thing. And then there are the rest of us who are basically gluttonists who, you know, I mean, I could probably eat a gallon of ice cream, but just sitting. If I, if I weren't inhibited by my diabetes, and the fact that it would probably give me a stroke and kill me, I could probably do it. I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, I'm living it, okay? It takes a big man. Really big. Maybe his biggestdehanper. Or try to scream you think he could back away. I don't think, I don't know. I mean, the only time I ever had dinner with Hank, I think was at Papadot Park one time. I believe, I mean, it made me have been other occasions, but I think that's what I remember. And I don't recall being a dessert guy. I think he's more like a meat and potatoes kind of guy. A lot of it. You know what I mean? Like a lot of meat and a lot of potatoes and a lot of maybe like pasta. Basta La pasta, maybe it's spanned for diet medics. Basta La pasta. That's another good reason not to become diabetic. A little lecture from grandma and me along here right here now. Don't do it. Can you imagine giving a pasta and pizza? And what about the reason? You're going to be the best pizza at the cram. He might be already. Are you? Nope. How do you know that? Do you know what your blood sugar was? Tell us when I went to the doctor. He didn't say I was diabetic or close to it. Then he'd take your blood sugar. Then they'd do blood tests. Correct. And what's your blood sugar? I don't remember. See this. This is what bothers me about America boys and girls. This is one of the many things that bothers the living crap out of me. Now, you know, or nearly a guy you're age, what about 30? 31. 31. 31. Probably worry about going to the doctor. Getting a blood test for his blood sugar and all these other things. But in your case, having been gigantic, I mean, fat for a long time. And now still being, fairly, I would say, hefty. Would that be good way to put it? By the way, wasn't that nice to me to cover that thing for Josh Corsair? That was very nice to me. Yeah. And you know what I'm going to do it? Of course. I'm going to put the answer to the call. They're starting to cover. It's not so much for him. It's for his little dog. That's a little dog. What's the first? What's the first? If he was for his cat, I would tell the checkup right now. I haven't even written it yet. I told my checkbook out the window. If it was for a cat. Do you think that I would help a guy spend money for a cat? In addition to which, what kind of a guy would he be if he had a cat? How about a good tipcat? We've got a good bit on Apple. We can't play anymore. Yeah. It's called, what would you do for a Schmidt cat? Mm-hmm. It's still in there, as a matter of fact. There's those short and cute licker bits we never play. Do you want to know why? They're long and done. That's a good thing. Oh, wait, man. Here's, uh, I don't think I can find that. The Schmidt cat. Really? Although I do have to pick that up. What's the name of that thing? Syncoding of the surges in the back. What's important to your man? Yeah, well, we don't want to hear what's important to this man. Anyway, if you're doing five votes on the pool. So you have 305, you got 1661. You know what we're going to get? We're going to get 1700 in our guarantee. I will guarantee even though we're doing like this. We're cheating a little bit. A little creative arithmetic here. What's wrong with that? I think we're permitted. Are we? Sure. We just made that up. I just made it up. And like I said, before since someone wants to make an rules up on a show. Not jolly Joe Bell or certainly that Jack has clearance who says to George, could you talk some sports on the air when you're doing a show? I know you would make something like that up, but I still find it hard to believe you. I was a long time ago. What about six weeks? Yeah. How long ago was that? Years that was when I was still doing the show with Joe. And he said to you that you should be talking sports. Not in those words when we were discussing what I do talk about. He said, but not to talk about religion because that offensive. But not sports. Sports will be offensive now. He's worried about the 285 pound linebacker from the West punk's attorney state. Who's got a big bulbous growth on his nose or whatever it is all about. See what they don't realize is that you know, so the NFL drafts coming up with me. What is it? It's Saturday the 28th. Whatever it is. Well, once that's over with, nobody cares anymore because it's a long way to tip a weary. Isn't that where Bush was speaking today at some punk's attorney tip a weary, some horseball place. And he also said, oh Mr. President, you such a murderer and whatever. That's America for you man, but you're living. Twenty six past one. We're going to start talking sports on the show. No, I'll tell you that right now. The day that we start talking sports on the show will be over my dead body, over my ashes and a shoe box. It's because I hope it is your boy Douglas Lengafard. In Columbus, you know, it's funny because the rimman did I tell you remember called here a couple weeks ago. No, you didn't. Well, and that's maybe that's probably a little bit down there for a few days. I think it was the day before I went away in vacation and wouldn't you know what? He could eat could spoil a wet dream, that guy. Anything. He could just screw it up. Well, Douglas is going to fight out if, you know, Douglas Lengafard and Columbus, which means they're going to pay them off. But he sure did, did they make the playoffs? No, no. Did they stink? Yes. Yeah, let's get some more old guys like Sergey Federoff and it'll start with that hockey talk. I actually had a guy on the mice based thing earlier today. Send me a question about the panthers and the long road trade and all that. And I give an answer. I answered him. See, one thing about me. And by the way, welcome back Mike from FSU. There's a good kid. Well, the work that I did for him, man, this is the kind of guy that I am. I don't want to pet myself on the back and you know, do a lot of stuff. I grand dies. I'll do it anyway. Because Mike is going to go to study in London for like six weeks. For six weeks. Are you following me? Do you care about this or not? No. In May. And of course, I told him well, what are you going to be in London? You've got to go to Amsterdam. That's one of his lifelong ambitions. If you were 20 year old college student, what do you want to take a buddy and go to Amsterdam? You bet. Yeah. And so I did a lot of research for him finding cheap hotels and ways to get there. And I worked my brains out. You know, he knows I didn't buy. Yeah, I did a little bit of homework for him and send him some good advice. And he's back on there today. He might. You're okay, kiddo. He's from Cooper City, by the way. You know, Mike from FSU, you better. That's wrong. You're starting to get from me to do with all of our piezons out there. We're all five or six of them. Yeah, sure. I'll pretend to know when you're talking about. Right. I'm saying that. Oh, you think it was? You will never ever ever have a career in singing. It happens to be the biggest title jump. This hair is worse than Donald Trump's son. I'm just a mess. I'm just a mess. He's just a mess. I'm just a mess. Why? He's still on the show. Is it love? But that's so wrong. These pieces of fun, Jai. Just a sec. This is the son, Jai. He's terrible. This is the son, Jai. He's a highly intelligent social path who is no fear of dying. I know. Maybe he's just acting stupid to infiltrate a gang of international idiots. But he flows junk's hand that got away with it. That if the wind's then Simon will quit son, Jai. He's just leaving the sister, Jai. I hate you. He's irritating in the media hall. His voice sounds like nails on a top floor, Jai. I hate that guy's sister, Jai. It is. It was just weird. So he can't dance and he can't sing. Look at his head. What is that thing, Jai? He's dead, Jai. He's dead, Jai. He's dead, Jai. He's dead, Jai. He's dead, Jai. He's dead, Jai. He's dead, Jai. He's dead, Jai. He's dead, Jai. Everybody's dead. Yeah, that's me. 133, 2702, we got mad dog coming up at 2. The power hour was hanging mad dog together for the 5. Now, if you missed any calls today, do you think that we need any help? I don't think so. I think they always need to go through real quick. Great. My son. They're going to give us an A+. Us. We're going to put an A+. We're going to put an A+. We're going to put an A+. We're going to put an A+. We're going to put an A+. We're going to put an A+. We're going to put an A+. We're going to put an A+. We're going to put an A+. We're going to put an A+. We're going to put an A+. We're going to put an A+. We're going to put an A+. We're going to put an A+. We're going to put an A+. We're going to put an A+. We're going to put an A+. We're going to put an A+. We go to put an A+. We're going to put an A+. We're going to put an A+. We're going to put an A+. We're going to put an A+. Charlie, you have to put an A+. We're going to put an A+. nehme. I'll try to get a raise for this one. Yeah. Josh, I mean, the Josh Dero. Yeah, there. One of the evil triad, the J people. Not the Jew people, the J people. What do people think, anyway? We got Josh Dero and Jolly Joe Bell. And then we got Joyce. Ooh, God, I can smell the smoke and the smell and the turlet. Oh, I can smell her all the way up here. You know it's coming from down there, from Naples, from Nepali. Naples is now one of those places that we do want to go in Italy. You know, I still want to, I guess someday maybe Vanette, Seattle, that's things too with those canals. But I hear Sorrento is really beautiful. I've never been that like to come back to Sorrento. Of course you can't come back if you never were there in the first place. But, and I also want to go to Sicilia. Maybe I want to go to Palermo and Corleoni. And that's something, why not help with anybody who want to go to Corleoni? Unless they were like Godfather intensive, right? Right? Corleoni. You've got nice truck to re-is there or something? That would think so. You show me a place in Italy that doesn't have a good try to rea. And I'll show you a place that ain't on the map. So anyway, somebody sent this in, of course, I love when they block out their name. Oh, and look where it's from, it's from University Dodge. Can you explain this to me? No, you look at the top of this facts. It's got the name of them, MD. You see that? I'm not going to read the name on here. Uh-huh. And if you look at the bottom of the facts, it's facts from University Dodge. So I guess the original facts came from this doctor. And then they sent it to their buddy, their president at University Dodge, which other than selling cars they spent all day over there, like, facting us, which is fine. They sent us some good stuff once in a while. And maybe a poll every now and then. Right? Anyway, here it is. It says, speaking of peas, somebody wrote on here. Two women in friends had gone for a girls night out. Both were very faithful in loving wives. However, they had gotten over enthusiastic on the Bacardi breezers, incredibly drunk and walking home they needed to pee, so they stopped in the cemetery. One of them had nothing to wipe with, so she thought she would take off her panties and use them, her friend, however, was wearing a rather expensive pair of panties and didn't want to ruin them. She was lucky enough to squat down next to her grave that had a wreath with her ribbon on it, so she proceeded to wipe with that. After the girls did their business, they proceeded to go home. The next day, one of the women's husbands was concerned that his normally sweet and innocent wife was still in bed hung over. So we fold the other husband and said, these girls' nights out of got to stop. I'm starting to suspect the worst. My wife came home with no panties. That's nothing said the other husband. My income back with the cardstock to her aunt that said, from all of us at the fire station we'll never forget you. It's got a cute, no matter who was really from. World doctor. No, let's see. What do we need there? I keep losing the right page. If I'd write it down in front of me here instead of being some kind of a jack-ass, I can't help you in the jack-ass. 1394 or 17, what is it? 1694. We need six more votes for 1700 and then it's about 20 minutes to go. We don't phone calls by the way. I have that thing turned off. And I guarantee I'm not thinking, what are you going to do tomorrow? You've got to do the show tomorrow so you're going to be taking calls tomorrow. Right. Well, why is that? Because I don't read too good. How much about wreaths today? I haven't read a lot of stuff. Well, I mean, you've got me to talk to. I got Chris. Now, was that a shot? I think it was. As we're binding her a little while back. I thought you were going up on me. I had a line there, but we'll just let it go. Yeah. We'll, we'll mix it up. Say it to my face. You'd rather say it behind my back. Of course. That's right. Sweet. But the mic's right. It's the George Rodriguez F. And way. That's all I do. That bothers me. Nice and bothers me. That nice big paycheck. In fact, what's it a day today? I think, early next week, there'll be another big fat paycheck. This one a really big fat one. And the IRS tax refund came back. I don't mind talking about money, you know? I mean, money isn't everything. We're boy. Sure better have it than not. You know what I mean? It's not everything. If I had a tooth between having money and not, I'll take the money. Yeah, but. Now, what I'm going to do right at two o'clock. Tell you what I'm going to do. We're like to meet a random user saying. And it is to me to write it. Tell you what I'm going to do. We're all up this week. Yeah. Thank you. That big snows and that silly hat coming up as ball spot, not. And I'm going to sit down and two o'clock. I'm going to sit right down or write myself a letter. Remember that by Billy Williams trio or whoever did it. Billy Williams did quartet. Whoever did that. You got that? I'm going to sit right down and write myself. Are you heard that? I mean, I mean, that's a good song. That's a good song. I mean, honey, old song. Is that a good song? I'm going to sit right down and blow your brains out if you don't cut the crap. By the Billy Williams trio or quartet or quintet or somebody. Not the Billy Williams used to play for the cubs. Oh, that's a sports thing. I'm sorry. You got it. I bet you don't have it. I don't have it. I'm going to sit right down. Anyway, I'm going to make that check out for Josh. I'm going to write over to the mailbox. I'm going to pop it in the mail. How's that? I added two. I'm going to pop it right in there. A lot of poppin going on today in that pool. 345 votes. I would use a public bathroom only for emergencies. 388. Anytime, 103. The same people. 103. I don't know which is so off time about. What are you going to catch in there? Like, don't hurry up or some grotesque. What's the big deal? All these people. I'm going to catch them. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's possible. Yeah. If it's really grossed in an advertising, of course, nobody unless it was like a major emergency. I could finish that time when I stood off the toilet seat because it was like hanging loose and a seat too. I will use a public bathroom only if it's clean 45. Only if it's empty nine. I never go in public bathroom six and I can only use my own bathroom four. So I bring along like a porta party along with you. Fuck it in and hold it. Cool. Maybe let's turn this mother out. Pop the match of rapper is on my TV. No one heard of him before. All this guy's name is pop daddy. I said that's pop the match of rapper. Or what be here that long. Not unless it learns the sing-on for write-up. Bring in song. I said pop the match of rapper. He's all over MTV. Only because someone's shuffling for his VIG. I know that's not my job. Maybe someone should tell him making it this way as well. He can't show dead best friends. Be king, flash, fall. Still doggy doggy dog. On the bar. On 25. I've got a very amusing thing to do in a second here. Okay. I don't know if it's amusing or sad. I don't know. Not fooling anybody wacky one out there. You're not fooling nobody. When you're Ethan picture in your Christopher name. All this other. You're very, very, just amazing. I think what he's trying to tell the world is. I have no line. Right. Billy Gold has the facts. Here he says I have a few things to get off my chest. Well good. First I wish you'd take some calls. No, not today. I can't help but think that your cranks are a bunch of choice. I'm pleased. Waiting to explode and your therapy. Well guess what. They're not taking over the show. Okay. I'm going to turn it on my show for about half a dozen morons. Including Jolly Joe Bell. Well maybe if Neil was screaming about you. Nothing about this show or what we do on the show. You know nothing about the Neil Roger show. Jolly Joe. Take your fat ass and get out of my face. Then Billy Gold says second cancer very unique pets that even the Inti the gypsies praise and anyone who own one might actually have a Hyrule like to do some dog owner. Oh yeah. If you own a cat you got a Hyrule like right. If simple cat leaves it says. And third, if you're going to hate Miami, I can hate your Pulse. Yeah. Well we hate you. And I just went out of our, you know, our my space show page. And I see a thing there and it says Chris Christopher. Never Christopher from not that long ago. Your close for a little friend. Right. Right. Who was sending it. Gwen who had a different first. And who hacked our page in the whole deal. Christopher was also on and much of other. I miss fits. And anyway it's the only problem with that is. Well I'm back somebody hacked my page by Babani. You thought I was a spammer. Well, guess what? It's not Christopher's picture though. It's Ethan. Oh, Ethan. Yeah. Pretend not to be the wacky one. You know, I don't want to say wacky Jackie. Who turned out to be somebody who's problem is. I have no while. So I immediately blocked it and deleted it and got rid of it. No chance, Jack. Just go find some other hobby. Okay. Well, I'm in my ass. Session is a dangerous thing. Isn't that pathetic? I mean, how stupid? How stupid can anybody think I'm like? I would forget that medium to picture. You know, the semi nude picture of Ethan from Nova who is also Chris who is also a wacky Jackie who is also somebody out there who just go away. 365 or us four votes on the toilet pool. They're story about the woman accusing mother with acts after argument. How I got that in my pool that I don't have time for it. But thanks whoever said it and I already got it and it's just it's not it was in the paper, you know. Yeah, localness. John Nichols writes in the nation. And in the first question mark, I would say, all right. Good start. And be it on. Yeah, that's where you belong. It's no secret that Ohio Congressman Dennis Cassinu has been doing with the idea of moving articles of impeachment against the member of the Bush administration. And he appears to be focusing more and more of his attention on the man that many activists around the country see as the right person target for sanctioning vice president Dick Cheney. The spot house speaker Nancy Pelosi's efforts to convince Democrats to keep president and show accountability off the table who said this is just one of many house Democrats who have ignored the recent days that they're hearing the call for action loud and clear from their constituents and from grassroots activists across the country. I get one call after another and saying saying in peace the president says Congressman John Murtha, Democratic Pennsylvania. Congresswoman Diane Watson, Democratic California says, Constitua, St. Los Angeles are saying in impeachment, I'm hearing that more and more and more and more. For sentence for his partisan morse, I go to anybody else in the caucus about his interest in raising accountability issues. Congressman is broken with Pelosi, and his willing to the funding of the war in Iraq has been brought about his frustration with the cost of Congress when it comes to addressing executive access. This house cannot avoid its constitutionally authorized responsibility to restrain the abuse of executive power told the House last month adding that impeachment may well be the only remedy which remains to stop a war progression against Iran. Around the same time, and led to the support of the San'tai Warbit for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination, Chris Sinnich asked if it was time to put impeachment on the table that response was an overwhelming yes. Earlier this week, Court immediately reports Chris Sinnich email House colleagues with an oath to begin, I intend to introduce articles of impeachment with respect to the conduct of vice president Cheney. Chris Sinnich put the plan on hold after the Virginia Tech shooting massacre, but the general expectation is that he'll raise the issue a new after a decent interval. Cheney's office, he's no grounds for impeachment. The vice president had nearly 40 years of government service and done so in an honorable fashion says, Meghan McGinn, Cheney's deputy press secretary, McGinn got that line out with a straight face John Nichol says. Americans who are not on the vice president's payroll are kind of recognized Cheney's manipulation of intelligence, private Iraq war, his active role in going after administration quitting Joe Wilson and his wife Valerie Plain, and his ongoing links to the Halleberton war for a tipping cartel as arguments against giving the vice president any price is a fraudable government service. impeachment activists have a recent month forced and impeach Cheney first message in part to counter the complaint that impeach in Bush would put an even darker figure in charge. Of course, going after the most powerful vice president in history as consequences as well, and the unlikely event that Cheney were removed from office, one line of reasoning goes, Bush would for the first time find himself in charge. Then they would fear us. Then we'd be in, you think we're in trouble now. You ain't seen nothing yet. By the blue smooth, was that it? You ain't seen nothing yet? I think so. Let's hear some. I call on me a record, sir, do believe. Oh George, I might just have it in this pile. And it's heap, you're lying heap. You ain't seen nothing yet, blue smooth. Where is it? Okay, got it. Looking for, oh no. Don't got it. Are you sure? Are you positive? Are you sure? You scoured the library. I'm trying to get alphabetical. Where is it? Here it is. There you go. That's the wind's got nothing yet. Oh, sorry. That's quite as good as the first search for something. Oh, I guess how many friends he's got. Three? No. Hundred? One? Guess what his friend's name is? I give up. Biggins with a T. Oh, I guess how many friends he's got. Three? No. Hundred? One. Guess what his friend's name is? I give up. Biggins with a T. Terry. C-O-M. Oh, Tom. Uh, T-M. Oh, my god. Talk about desperate. Talk about, I have absolutely no life whatsoever. But that's what makes his fun. Fun for the people. And see, I've adopted a whole new altitude about it now. Because there are the real people on there. Of course, there are about a half of it. I was not a confed by with pretty damn regular. And then there were the other people. And some of them are okay. And some of them are like, like you were talking before, earlier in the show. Crazy. Crazy people are dangerous. Like, no one's to take about it. Three hundred and seventy votes were over. Or did I mention we went over 17? Just a little feather and Chris is earl older. He got the Pops. Mops. The Pops. The Pops. The Pops. He got a different place. The Pops. The Pops. He's like just fucking mask. He's like, oh, oh, oh, stop. Stop. He's like, you've been a man. Of all stops. Go. The Pops. Stop. And all the yeah. All the yeah. Oh yeah. Just a little feather and a half of it. I am the skill in. I am stuck. The Pops. And one get thrown on Brad. Jesus, fix our back. Jesus, Jesus. And by him, we never shot. Once in work, it's done alone. And Jesus, church, it's drunk. The Pops. The Pops. The Pops. The Pops. The Pops. He like just like a man. Of all stops. Go. He's like, you've been a man. Of all stops. Go. The Pops. The Pops. The Pops. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Just a little feather and a half of it. The Pops. And by him, don't complain. We got a chick. Although I don't see her. There's a chick. So if she's going to say what? She's a chick. She's a chick. And I don't care to get a chick. She's a chick. Well boy. The Pops. The Pops. The Pops. Get it in the ring. The Pops. He's like, you've been a man. Of all stops. Go. He's like, you've been a man. Of all stops. Go. The Pops. The Pops. Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah You don't put the getting high, yeah You don't put the getting high, yeah I don't put the getting high, yeah I don't put the getting high, yeah The false false stuff I can't even look at it, I'm just gonna pop stuff He makes you so good ass The false stuff He's a good man, he's a good man The false stuff The false stuff The false stuff The false stuff The false stuff The false stuff The false stuff The false stuff She's at fades for like 17 seconds Probably oughta delete that I'm right