I am a fool you are now guys for this Hey football fans I'm so pretty pretty So get yourself to a classroom quick You're an American now stop making mistakes Which I'll put our speech English for the next one That's what that's you We got yesterday beat by a million miles 1002 and we got 19 dropouts on our streaming show And I'm going to introduce to you what there are issues in the building today Really? Yeah Issues but go answered, is that what you're saying? Correct I see Anyway That's what goes you know this whole I'm rethinking this whole business with the blog that I know Why did I even start doing that? Whatever it was an novelty Wasted time Sure That's why I did it one Total waste of time And then somebody gave me the L Goldstein thing That's what I'm saying I'm a fool about comms So I just read Al's latest blog entry from the weekend And yeah, wasted time now Who lost 150 pounds with stomach estate plan? I'm a fat Jew Not anymore But he says basically the same old stuff he always said about you know Every four letter word that's ever been invented and doing this one and doing that one Animals and anything it moves Still got the same pull on there from yesterday I'm looking good reason Sure Even if I don't I'm re-examining many things in case you had notice that yesterday I'm re-examining many priorities I have re-shifting my life And one of them being this whole my space experience I'm sure Miguel put it on there thinking that it would you know encourage a lot of young listeners And whatever he was thinking It's a most show vehicle Promotion will be well since we don't have any promotion at least it was something Right And we have nine hundred and sixty-eight people on there Friends I used to turn loosely But I could look without it Believe me would have enhanced my life tremendously without it would have been much more pleasant And much more production and the blog thing Well get to that in a minute See I really thought being a stupid as I am Mm-hmm I really thought that once I started doing that because it's a whole separate venue It's a different area and that there would be a whole bunch of people who would like to have some common response But it's a same as the phone or the same as the fax machine Right What you wind up with basically are a few cronics And I said they're bad people some of them are nice people like yes Right, we really have no idea who you're talking to But and that's it Follow me to that minute Here's the poll updated main reason I listen to Miguel is Gee, you did the same poll again you got yes I did For last six hundred and sixty-three He's a freaking genius 557 If I'm set to genius, how come I'm working for Joe Bell? How come we got 25 dropouts and it's only five and it's active ten We've been on for five minutes and the streaming anybody try to listen online Good luck to them, they'll need it How about Ohio State by the way, huh? So they take a look at her what I don't want to much of that I watched her really good movie last night with Harrison Ford from last year Called something I got it I got it up don't I know what it's called Let me I'm the I'm the dude. I can walk in two but at the same time I'm like you're a Ford He ain't walking or chewing but he's holding your taken shots Kicking the carcass he's a turd Let's see Harrison Ford star wars yaddi yaddi yaddi yaddi Okay, really and I mean not a great movie but pretty good. It's called firewall Okay, maybe see me hurt a bit No, I've heard of this. No, that's pretty good about his he's a banking executive guy And his whole family gets kidnapped and they want him to go to the computers and the transfer Or millions and millions of dollars and it's pretty good And the ending was okay. I mean it was corny but it was so was fine Anyway, I'll tell you the main reason I listen to Neil is for last 663 he's a freaking genius 550 He speaks the truth 222 the truth To hear him suffer 78 those bedtime stories 73 better get used to a lot of those Because on board 70 and there's no charge that's one of the nice things about the show We don't charge to listen for hours kill some time in the middle of the day and that outdoor septic tank called south Florida And then cost you time the crazy cars only 64 I hate Neil. What come any voted for that? But turn the man we hate you Well, thank you so much and the phimium sure is mutual I hate this full 26 and it's a break from all sports 25 how about those gators huh? Woo heavy duty. I watched about five minutes of that firewall of hers and for it was worth watching I didn't get chance to watch any of the great stuff you sent me which was a podcast Or at and jackass number to rat was sure is very nice So anyway to get back I'm really toying with the idea of having Miguel just a Schmidt can to hold my space thing say the word and it's gone What do you think in fact that'll be let's let's do that for the pull for tomorrow Okay, that's a great pull And again there have been some very nice people on there and but again I think they're very nice. I've been doing what you know because almost none of them do I know off the air. Yeah, and then there are also some cronics on there. Just you know they want to tell me how to live the good of one guy who wants to tell me I should take the pure out to a wood bun to wash my hands I get rid of the germs and how I should cross the street. I everything else. I think you should drink it But here's a classic example of what you get now on my blog yesterday The first entry I put on the rescuing rip job on beesley broadcasting and jobel and deservedly so by the way These people are as clueless as they as long but the text do show up and I'm gonna show up every day too But on the as an afterthought on there and and even you agree that I'm not any longer of says for the two people that diddle me around for a week's on and on that thing But but I just normal curiosity anybody I mean the Jacob thing well, why is it even worth going into okay I mean this is not somebody I want to know I don't want to smell them. There's just something wrong there You know I can take the blame the first time for the disappearing act in the shine job You're all you're offering to put them in your will I would do fine. Okay fine. Then he comes back when I did that whole show about that episode and oh like nothing ever happened like my long loss best buddy And then over the weekend he posted saying disappearing our three days later again When so let me just give you a little bit of advice so you kids up there if somebody gives you their phone number And after a time if you decide you're gonna try to call and have a chat or whatever and you call them maybe half a dozen or eight or nine times And they never pick up the phone when I see that it's you and they never return to call that is not It's not a friend. Okay, right? So a wife waste my time with that and as far as the other one is concerned even in spite of your insistence because you wanted to see me get hurt That is Huh, that's it. Nobody you wanted to see that I'm a jackass No, which I obviously can be but the other one was not real And I did come across yesterday because Josh had told us and by the way Josh is gone. We got Chris back today. Welcome Chris don't say too much Okay, well he's been there. He's always stolen and for now he's all right. He knows what's going on. He knows what kind of a Crap hole he's working in but Now what was I just going into see now? I'm losing my try to work you to be able to what you need to get hurt and you know About the other day and anyway, I came across a mic I forget who's web who's a page it was on and as one of their friends and Mike was Josh And Josh told us about this this guy had taken Josh's picture and stolen his identity and like you said With the right click at a mouse anybody can do that with anybody sure So the fact that somebody sends one or two pictures and it goes to a whole sign and answer with it That doesn't mean you're talking about person. No, it does not So anyway, I just out of normal curiosity. I'm wondering is there really such a person as this one that I've been talking to for 11 or 12 days. I really have my doubts And I'll tell you another thing if a person goes to lengths to hide not only their identity But where they're Emailing from or checking your website from where they're located That's not a person who's being the any way honest. Right in player Well, that's another thing it could be a real person who is a game player Well, whatever So I wrote this as kind of an addendum an extra entry on the blog yesterday, which the blog I think is had it As long as I'm on this maybe some of you who know those two fan and friends I had on here book play me like a violin Being interested in hearing about the first of course with Jacob Vaugh 32 Well, allegedly lives in the Navhilt Theory area implantation cells health insurance the other Playing this real the first name was Bryce a high school senior. I think either dear field. I'll ray or bokeh anybody know these people question mark that's all just a question I wasn't asking you think I should forget about this whole episode. Do you think I'm an idiot? Do you think I'm an emotional acquaint? Just a little bit of information. Much question. Yeah, assuming that there are a lot of people reading this blog, which of course there aren't here's the one response I get to this I had a few responses on the bees lies and about how badly we're treated in yati This is from Pedro Who says lower listeners and says doubled up on you during hurricane Andrew Pedro He says you really sure listen to George when he tells you to let it go you're spending an inordinate amount of energy pursuing people who don't deserve it If this is stick for the show then never mind But if you sincerely are looking these people off stop wasting your time man. You made a mistake in judgment You were an internet virgin got abused by a couple of veterans Be more judicious when you next make friends via the net. Oh, yeah, that'll be real soon Nothing is ever as it appears and Bill come all contest to find that says I grow Be bitter be mad be hurt and be at peace with yourself and make the unit a useful tool for finding free porn information and maybe a bootleg movie now And with good corn Just Pedro P.S. Keep the colors Oh, well see you've added that extra little line of that race at the end Whatever credibility had Pedro and I'm glad you listen to them. They'll let us see you've been there a long time and yati out of it But that wasn't what I was looking for was a critique of my emotional stability or lack thereof, okay? I was just asking for a little bit of information and the amazing part of it is nobody knows either of these people and never have But we'll find out tomorrow because I think this thing is an incredible waste of time And it's baby crap. It's for game players and nonsense and I don't see how it in any way you hit It gives people an opportunity like you know interact with me Have a little verbal interplay on there and I have been trying to answer as many as I can But what's the point to what end you know what I'm saying right because like I told you generally speak it after the beginning after the initial excitement of the thing and a whole bunch of a lot of new people You've basically boils down to about a half of it as the same people who are writing you crap Well, there are a couple of people on there who may have something to say or may not Oh, God. Thanks a lot Miguel by the way you are the best You God Oh This is your president advice for resident Dick Cheney I speak on behalf of my darling daughter who has come under fire recently if you will about her pregnancy I commend all of you to stop this at once. My daughter is a lovely wife Of and all of you to stop this at once. My daughter is a lovely wife of a girl And I'm going to as a more such a petite maybe as her father I stand behind her far behind her I got she tends to smell like hot balloon a homo and sexuality is an epicion That in ex-decent republicans who don't pray to me isn't that right princess? Yes daddy fine. Right now go help your mother finish the sequel to her lesbian and novel Okay daddy. Thanks. Oh, mind if I borrow your spirit or I'm gonna blow up doll. No, not at all princess Hey, guys that one final thought if you will the red left may have defeated us, but I'd like to thank all of you Out there with the tiny eyes and oversized poor heads was still supportive for remaining confident that we have your best interest at heart And keep struggling your bandels Okay, 10 19 at five six you're going to hear a lot of them in that schedule Maybe we got Curtis for the man dog at two Power hour with the Hank in the man dog. It's his here, but of course obviously that's not true because there is no man dog So once again parents can't make the schedule out, which is I know very tough assignment Work at it a little bit harder clearance in the schedule too. Humper between five and seven so low service nights on four to seven is what that boils down to and I write about that yes Who who we can hotline at gate works at seven o'clock and then returning to the scene of the crime any case back nine midnight tonight You must be yesterday. We found out from very jackasses column that any case back and he's going to be on seven to ten nine and then that one of our weekend squeeze them in And we're static about that. He's a good guy and the never stole a freight train Okay, so my fast Eric a new poll and as soon as he has his fat nimble fingers on there gets the one on her for me to switch. I'll switch the polls. Okay, is he in his little box? Yes, he is well good That's so good. Say hey, I'm fat so get the new poll on please. Well, it's my bad because I just laughed I thought that I just didn't want to be bothered with it is really what it boils down to I'm not going to lie about it Just figure about after a day like yesterday and Joe Bell and the bees li's in the whole business screw them, you know I'm going to give about as much effort to them as they give to me which is deadly squad And of course Joe tells Norma Kent. Well, you know, I guess goes through these periods. Yeah, I'm having my period Joe George and I just fabricate these things there are no technical problems. There are no issues. There are no you know And by the way, Joe, if you're so enchanted with the callers just like Peter was I'll give you your number. How do you like that? Let me give you Joe cell number on the year And then yeah, and then everybody about every two minutes he can punch up the way you're fine He can wear those by the way, they computer that you're using in your studio to surf the web over there is that one that you bought also Of course, okay. I'm making a list Of all the things that I've bought. No, no of all the people in this building that are using their own computers because it apparently it's quite a long list. I see Well, that's because the values are touching. Yeah, you know one thing I want to say to you and I've said this before I mean the passing people were strange to say they were released at least you recall a passing bario de me went over there And we had the meeting with the engineers or with whomever. She told them they equipment we need to do this show Come the 360 that's got like that stuff in it and then the DCS which of course has got the I mean everything Me on the bits and it and whatever we needed and the comment from packs and was buy it whatever we get it right So they didn't try to shortchange us on the equipment over there like you know take two of two pieces of two tin cans and time together with string and try to make a radio station All right, well, they made some of the operations manager. They gave them a desk with a computer on it How do you like that with a real computer that the operation manager person didn't have to want to pay for himself Because we have an operations manager using her own computer here, but you'll be very excited No that Jolly Joe offered to reimburse me for the fast machine that you'll have there and maybe even today I told it somebody doesn't it don't I don't want it take the 248 bus show and wipe somebody's vote with it. They all expensive Go ahead Go ahead That's me the recent experience. I made the receipt widget. So here's the pool. Now let's see if Erica is on top of this and I was going to take him into that not on her yet Come on fat. So it's only about four choices here should kneel dump the nice face page Now maybe I've let something out here that we can add on yes, it's nothing but grief. Yeah, sure has been to me I yeah, I haven't had some fun with it. I thought it was a little bit of fun and there were times I thought I was having fun and I'm down to be crap. You know, I was just being a play like a violin No, it's fun. Don't dump it. Who cares? I hate this pool or I hate my space dot com those are the five choices I have so far. I'll leave anything out. No, that's fine. I already voted What do you know, there it is. There's a new one. How do you like that? Like I said that Erica is the best. I'm voting yes, it's nothing but grief and of course people are going to say well if you don't want it You can do whatever it's your well, I'm just I'm curious. I've got people out there who think that it is added something of the show I think it quite frankly becomes a distraction not just from the show, but from your life a care and all that tracking crap see here's the thing I don't understand Not many things I don't understand all of their a lot of sick people out there a lot of people with a lot of time on her hands and a lot of people are desperate for attention But people who have basically told you to take a flying leap and who have shut their profile the private so you can't you know reach out and touch them even a little bit There they're all over the the my space page likes think on Joyce man. They're all over the place as it is times today. What are they looking for what are they going on? No, I don't know. I don't know. I don't get I don't want to know. Oh, look at that there's 23 votes on there already holy crap. Oh, a man Should kneel down to my space page who cares 10 no, it's fun six yes, it's nothing but grief five I hate my space.com on I hate this poem. That's what we got so far it takes maybe the first 100 votes before it starts taking shape right I voted for who cares really yeah What does that mean it's just there It doesn't have to take up any time I was a good thing and that that blog was a bad idea I remember I was a bad idea is blog, but then he wasn't he wasn't on the air, you know, he was right that was his medium and that was his medium to communicate with people who would listen to him for years and years And I got involved in I read it every time we put another entry on there I read it either every day or whatever put some honor and it was pretty interesting and then of course His wife Mary put the last one on there after he died So it was like a I'm going so popper but was the only way had to communicate with me Why should I expect to respond to that when we don't get a response on the phone the only people we have on the phone are the same three idiots who have like taken who have hijacked the radio show So why would I expect on whether it's on the facts machine, you know, we got chronic fuel I mean, yeah, there are some good facts is come in usually with the polls those are the best ones. Oh, yeah, please And the same thing with this my space there are a few people out there like chronic David who would like I told it was giving me instructions on how to cross the street everything How do I pick my nose you name it? I mean, there you know, there's Mike at FSU seems like a good guy like a normal person which is fine, and then there's my friend Harry from Detroit And that basically is about it in terms of people I you know email back and forth with and the thing that I find just amazing And it goes to show how how out of touch I am because I'm in a little Fuddy buddy, but is that you'll hear from somebody like my cousin son, you know, and The exchange a couple of emails back and forth for a day or two and then you're hearing these people again. That's right. That's standard. It's standard sure. What else they got to say? What does that mean? That's just the way it goes. She's a scotton. You see I'm an extraordinary person And people are going to say, well, you must have an awful lot of spare time. I really don't. I don't have time for this crap, but I just you just get involved in it And when I one guy said it's the crack cocaine of the internet, I understand him fully because you become you become like a slave to it And you're running in here. Oh, is there another message from this one or that one or whatever you know Anyway, here's the final result on the pool from yesterday. And earlier they see we did get another poll off for today. How do you like that? Aren't you impressed? No, I had no no doubt 1800 29 boats the main reason I listen to deal is for live 668 He's a freaking genius 561 Sometimes he speaks the truth 229 to hear him suffer 79 suffering the suffering of the hands of Jolly Joe Bell and the beeslies a match made in purgatory those bedtime stories 75 I listen because I'm bored 70 the crazy callers 65 I hate Neil but turn the dirty hate me like poison and that really hurts my feelings badly not I hate this full 27 and a break from all sports Fight the lord 25 Holy mac and on this is Joe ball on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm sorry I might return home I can't leave the 23 27 before 11 at 560 W Q a and it's the new year we got a whole new altitude about this whole thing You know sunshine in here now it's beautiful isn't Can't believe good although all at the toasty over there are always temperatures although a Saturdays supposed to be like 46 again here For a Friday 45 look they just change the forecast but right now it's minus What it minus one you know temperature is here Turn it on hi And only the shaft in the highs only could be about 34 but it's sunny it's one of those days up north where it looks really beautiful from sitting inside looking at the window And then you walk outside and you freeze your ass off so to give you an idea of how productive the my space thing is After my opening right today, so I look under here's a message From again instructions lengthy instructions and very well intended and I can't believe you tolerated the couple these bozos and a whole thing about Bell South will do this and this one will do that As if as if we haven't been trying for like ages to get some assistance from a corporate and from a Joe Bell on his stuff and of course But it would put about you know like I said let's rotate the calls Yeah, as if for that stupid that we this is like the first job in radio We hope and have an incredible stuff before these people what they know about talk radio You could stick an a symbol and have room for the Chinese army that's over That's what they know about broadcasters like those calm they about talk boys We you know try to get her assistance on this issue. Oh, yeah, joy she's like I've totally before she will do anything in her power to deep six this show to So what are you gonna do she's the corporate legal baby? Crop right late all as a modest and corporate She wouldn't know already like I totally before if you look 75 old zenith table models and shoving them up her fat Ask anyway Here's a facts about to my spaces. I wouldn't think anyone would willingly participate or support anything on the controlled by a Rupert Murdock as in my space calm being owned by a news corp and says get out of that place Part in parcel of the evil empire. Oh my god. Oh, man. Did you know that? Yeah, I think book a brand wrote that thanks You did yeah, they haven't you read his page it's all about Rupert Murdock and how much he hates in the home How do you like anybody still got his own page on there with his boon in the back? I got a twisted as I was a little bit to what to put a page on here Yeah, for fun for you. I for yucks. Oh, it can be fun, but it just don't take it too seriously I'm gonna do I will abide by the result of this pool. I never do that, but I don't really care I can take it or leave it But I'll tell you one thing anybody that expects me to stare at the long course finance on there We're gonna get a lot of respond. I forget about it I'm not gonna waste my time with it because you know who you're talking to doesn't you can it can And even even even in the one case where I did know who I was talking to where was an actual living and breathing person It would turn out to be a nightmare like another grain. Let's let's play the old man a second time now See if we can get it. What was that all about? And then of course you wonder what it was all about me just an adult really care Should neobupped my space paid 87 votes at our new pool now very nice nicely on Eric Who cares 41? No, it's fun 18 yes, it's nothing but grief 16 Pretty tight. I hate my space.com 11 and I hate this pool only one now. That's interesting Only one 1.1% of 89 voters hate the pool. Oh pretty good for our crowd for our usual That's a crowd Speaking of hate mongers contrary to an internet report Republicans in the House of Representatives a period of asked for a day off Less than a week into the 110 Congress coined a raw story The democratic leadership considered and no action was scheduled on the house for yesterday Congress will not meet to begin the official hundred hours agenda the democratic members do to request put into the Democratic credit leadership by representative John Banner of the Republican minority leader in the House of Representatives Mr. Banner made this request an interest of comedy Democrats granted it a student democratic a told raw story Late Sunday afternoon news portal operator and closet queen Matt Drog Displayed a large vano headline on his website set in capital letters which claimed Democratic vow already broken house sets for a work week Miss Fudge accused of Democrats are shutting down the house because of the college football national Championship being played last night between Ohio State and in Florida and the leaders kick their ass kick their ass 424 team or so such crap Hill sources claim the house is taking a Monday off this week because of the championship football game missy drugged wrote But does she lie like crazy or what huh Drog is flash also included a graphic taking from a press release sent from the office A cinematorially or stiny horror which has the internet journalist phrased it boldly declares Monday January 2007 the house is not in session 100 hours starting soon drives month at the end of his so-called flash After noting that since next Monday as Martin Luther King day the five day work week could be pushed back even further But there's at least one house member will be rooting for touchdowns or intersections and I'll close that about Deborah Price and Ohio state will I got their ass kicked how do you like that? So there you go miss budget and make it up a bunch of right wing crap as usual you self-hating Faggot you but nevertheless Much of George was enthralled in that game last night. I'm working what it was the BCS National championship game man I watched maybe a total like I said a five minutes and every time I watch it for discord another touchdown I thought well, they don't need my help plus I don't we did like either team anyway Just like Ohio State more some of that decision. They got their ass kicked that close to my back to my Spartan days and also goes back to the Woody Hayes days Man, what a lunatic what a sort of viable crazy person he was what he has 104 votes on the my space pool boy. It is let's see. You know it's fun for look at that they like it No, no, I can't believe I was wearing my finger on it. I can't believe you did that to me That's bad that is bad your man is slow and dumb when you beat me on one of those I already had it while I loaded up and I still have nice Burning you with CD today is not if I crisp way when you're burning them on right now Yes, this computer won't burn CDs then of our own personal computers will burn CDs So he's gonna go find one that will and we'll burn it for you. It's like you'll find a fax my she- Not one that's like no promises Well, that would be nice if you could On top of things and of course now what's the story with Josh? We're gonna see him and did he drop in and say hi this morning or he was already loitering this morning just to make sure that everything was okay before He's good. Thanks for the great job God whatever your name was Josh. He has no desk yet has no desk. He doesn't know. He's just that's what he's loitering You baby the whole order we Josh because you got nowhere to sit your ass unless maybe incurrence is left. I think that's what Clarence has got a mine form Gonna go in there and sit him is lab I shop on the schedule by the way you got clear a Curtis today and no mad dog from two to four But then according to this we got the power hour with Hank and him mad dogs coming in for just one hour with the Humper anybody buying that anybody Believe oh, no, of course, even the audience knows better You may not be good clearance for least your consistent and let me tell you somebody else who's not good and the consistent Brian smudge you buddy in our sales department Who The man who put the schmutz in sales Оп Last little I made it tighter with one healthy sweater. I was the fastest as in the Southwest. With one leg, he got fined the air. I was cramping, who I was in trouble. I thought I was done in a dive from the cool light. After I finished my 50th cross puzzle, I used a case up of Dyer for war. 1046-14-14-4-11 at 560WQ. I got a really nice email just now. On my space, I heard from once before, who claims he worked for the beesleys once a potter time. He's in Ohio. Tell me about a global warming in Ohio. They haven't had any winter yet, just like me here. They said, Dr. Calls, they said they are a detrimental to any talk show. I did not do a whole dive travel about this about two, three months ago. Yes. How things change and how the one thing that's kept me going all these years is that I've been ahead of the curve most of the time. I've been either perspicacious enough or lucky enough to be ahead of the curve. Just like when the old style that would be guessed and all that boring old. That was done. I was ahead of everybody on that. I got a bit of it. I shmit candid. That's the same thing. Now what it calls. I might returber and tick whenever we know. It's there. But let me also say this to you. It's not only the fact that there are two, three people who can hijack a radio show if they want to. It's the fact that nobody else calls and has got anything to say. That's what it's all about. Right. It's only. Yeah. It's only. They don't middle. Like you've said so many times. Here's an opportunity to call off and say, Pretty much whatever you want. As long as you don't lose any for a forbidden word. Right. Give it off your chest about whatever you want. And they don't do it. And that's because soft floor to more so than any place is the land of the walking dead. I've told you that for almost 31 years. So maybe you're the expert. Jolly Joe. You know, how do you remind me of? I get any clause. That's that's how I described in the first day of song. Santa Claus with a shave. Right. He would make a perfect Santa Claus man. And of course he's jolly and he's panting everybody on him. That's great. That's wonderful. You know what? You also said on Santa's lap at the mall there and you ask him for a lot of stuff. He says, yeah, no problem. And that doesn't show up either. Yeah, and I never show up on Christmas day. That's right. Same thing with Jolly Joe for very good. That was outstanding. George had seemed better than a tape. No, don't go crazy. Well, we'll come on. Let's hear Ali on in the Pope one more time. Come on. One more time. Coming up on Monday. 104. Oh, that's right. Monday. I'm not working. But you will. That's because your racist bastard. We won't lose the king. But you can't have any choice. We play James Brown all day. And how do you will? Now, that would be a, I don't know. Two wounded outside Las Vegas Western High School, more shootings at high schools in America. Crazy people with guns. That's American. Crazy people with guns. You know, the interesting thing I'm discovering is that almost everybody I hear from on a my spacing. Either is got a brother in Vegas or they're going to Vegas or they're selling insurance in Vegas or I don't know. Well, what's that all about? I know Vegas is growing like crazy. But what else? That all about. 146 votes on a pool. But this thing is taken off like wildfire. You know, and that's because of all the 154 now came in there. I just refreshed it and came in in a big chunk. Oh, God. And it stinks too. Steaks like it stinks like we Tina. You know, it's out. I'm really happy that I've never been a breakfast eater. Yeah, because most breakfast with first of all, it's all carbs anyway. Most of it. Or in the sausage or fat. Yeah, like bacon and eggs and sausage. There's nothing wrong with bacon and eggs. It's good on the scankins, man. Yeah. But, uh, mushy like a cream of wheat and, uh, and, of course, all those cereals that are really killed, a sugar loaded cereals. Mm. So Neil dumped the my space page. 154 votes. Who cares? 73. Who cares already? Would that stupid bunch of room for not crap, huh? Would that baby crap? A bunch of little children and a bunch of pedophiles looking for them. And yeah, see, I thought in the beginning, I was really a little bit suspicious on the page of that one there and it'd been a very big enemy. Yes. First of all, you show me a 17 year old high school kid and he's got a my space page. I would assume depending on how long it's been up there. There's there be a lot of teenage chicks on there when you think so. I would imagine. And it were like a couple, but generally speaking, it were mostly teenage boys on there. Mostly well under the ages 17, like 14, 15. And one of them, I mean, a screaming queen, like an underwear, you know? That lady is not what I would expect. And I see her on my space page of some kind of a sexual high school scene, but never less. Should you adopt the my space page? Who cares 73? No, it's fun 36. It's fun. Oh, yeah. Yes, it's something but grief. Dump it 23. So it's fun. Keep it is winning by a pretty good margin. I hate my space.com 21. I hate this pool. Still only one. And you want to know why? Because they really have a new pool today. That must be it. Don't you think? I imagine. That's 0.5%. When the hell do we ever do a pool in recent memory where we had like one person say, I hate the pool? Huh? That's a good part. Huh? Right. Oh, oh. Speaking of holes. On the eve of a major speech tomorrow night by president Bush, a the mental lunatic who needs to be be corrected. In which he's expected when an aunts in his place can reportedly 20 to 30,000 troops to be sent to a rack of new full finds that a majority of the US are against the so-called surge. We're served in over here. Remember that movie no time for surgeon? Nope. According to the USA that they gallop pulled American public up poses Bush's expected plan 61 or 31 percent with a president support primarily within his Republican base. Anybody else with a brain is like, oh, are you kidding me? I said more people over to get killed. Nice. Nice. A number of polls have shown that when given a choice between a set of alternative ways of handling the troops situation in Iraq, only about 10 percent of Americans after the alternative of increasing troops strike new fortwrights for the right wing gallop new service. The rest opt for withdrawal of troops either immediately within a 12 month time frame or by taking as much time as needed. When a doubt get him out, okay, bring him home tomorrow. Bring him home and time for Martin Luther King day next Monday. That's what I say. How do you like that? All right. But don't confuse him with the polls. He doesn't rubber by holes. He rubber by. Insanity. A lunatic. A maniac. I wonder if Doug Thompson's got a new comedy. Never even check. Oh, please check. Well, I was so busy checking on my space. Oh, I know. It's like crack. Well, 183 votes on there. Well, I said it. And only, oh, now we got three hate to polls. See, they don't want to let me down. That's the South Florida audience. We had 30 on there yesterday who hate me like poison. But third man. And that's fine. I think it's mutual, Fabelie. Believe me, there's more than 30 of you that I wouldn't wish on Heinrich Himmer, okay? I wouldn't wish you on Santa Joe Bell. So you also said he was, uh, look by Sandy Claude. The very first day that I was on the year talking about, and that's how I described in Santa Claus. He'd be the perfect Sandy. All jolly in ringing the bells and all the other stuff. Reena Joe bells. And then of course on Christmas day, guess what? Empty stalking man. Empty stalking. Empty stalking. I'm sorry. A Florida world. This is this story. I'd just for you. And I'm sure you saw it about craft foods. No, I didn't. Oh, you're going to love this. I'm afraid. I'll do it after the break. I don't want to give it a short. She likes herself and so craft cheese while you read it. I don't have any craft. Oh, you good. My friend. Good. Nice. Tell me out of the same crap. See, what I love is processed cheese food product. Sure. Which means it's not real cheese. I just, uh, pass the poison and the whole bunch of chemicals in there. Pastrized processed. Are you ripping Louis past door now? No, not me. And what was your name? Margarine. Cari. Kid curry. Cari. Cari. I still can't get over the way Ryan Philippe looked and then looked. I saw who you did last summer. Jesus. Man did he look good. Anyway. Don't get started on that crap again. Now, let's make the New Year's resolution. You'll be a little less faggy in 2007. I don't think about this show. Very few calls and a lot more faggy. How do you like that? Just, just, just, just really. Why? Because that's, that's what the way I feel. That's me. Strong with the little faggy. Okay. Yeah, rightfully. But even though you don't like it, man, but what was the level I like was the table when you were James Khan? It was a, what, but he's killed their poor. Was in that way of the gun. The way he got it. It's a good movie, by the way. The way of the talking like this. I didn't notice because I was mainly in the strength of my normal fuck who came. That's why why you're probably putting on. The my favorite scene was that, and I, I probably we can't say line on the ear, whatever the hell it was that when he went to the, the blood donation to the, Oh, yeah. That was hysterical. Was it blood? That's about it. The firm thought it was, yeah. So whatever the hell it was. Oh, geez. I would like to help them on that. How, I can't go into it too deeply. 1951 votes on the pool. Look at that. We got almost 200 votes. What time did we put this baby up there about 20 after? This is like the old days. Maybe we're making a big comeback. This is because they don't want to hear 2 1 a half hours of music again. And I did on the blog apologize for doing it because I know the audience doesn't tune into hear that. Although the responses I've gotten so far, they all enjoyed the music. No complaints having had one complaint same, but that was really bad. Everybody liked the music, including we got to use to work for the beastly's. Oh, the phone is ringing. And that means there's a package downstairs. You hear it? I don't hear it back. I'm not going to go get it though. Phone is ringing. That means there's a you a something, a FedEx downstairs. Maybe I'll go down and get it. Why do you do about 2 3 hours of the show? Or we play a tape. Let's play a tape. Let's play a tape again for a jolly. We got it. I'll load it right up. Of course there's probably lots of things on there that we can't say anymore. Well, that's right. I forgot about that. And lots of comedy bits that we can't say. That's another thing to think about. Jolly said a joe bell. Yeah. All those tapes that you're so crazy about. And that's not worth going into. I'll tell you one thing. Gary Surner. There's another. Him and Brian Schmutz. Maybe you could arrange for like a death trap for the two of that. Don't fight just the new Roger shell. This is your life. Don't do do do do do do do do. Any questions? A long long time ago. He was 1900 and chess he owns was just a lad of nine. And no one knew what was in store. Just ended the Spanish American War. So they party like it was 1890 nine. The war events that made you shiver. But there were times we did deliver. A promise that was kept. With that famous one small step. I can't remember each event or everything that man did invent. A century we were present. This is how it was. Yeah. My, my how the time it did fly. Since it started some deported many tears we did cry. For the century it's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. It all started when two guys were right. When they put in their plane into flight. And the star of Brady Yoke. Signified had his mum to thank. And quantum theory and next flight. And the Titanic. That story. We all know. Well world war one. It soon began with shooting arch to Francis Bird and Ness. Millions died from the flu. And plastic was brand new. And then Russia had each revolution. Paniparkin' active all the the oceans. Menopolis we won't see again. A hundred years gone by. And we were singing in my mind. My how the time it did fly. Since it started some deported many tears we did cry. For the century it's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. I've had his melody. And it passed. It used to do model tea. And the bird landed near Barry. Then some old deep red game. Paniparkin' a silly Wall Street. And the great depression and women. Would both like you and me. And Germany's Chancellor was sworn in. And World War Two is soon begin. Made you a Recycling Land. The project in 2010. The pollution trial in Tennessee. We caught a first one. Got TV. And the day that lives in him for me. On. Tridgy is gone by. Who we were singing in my mind. My how the time it did fly. Since it started some deported many tears we did cry. For the century it's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. The flame fling whenst and they were suly wind. And starting with the day-dain vision. But at what in a falling cause. In Russia no one did the frost. And Germany they find these lost. Discover the horrors of them. How a cause. That man little boy and all the game. Chinch the whole world on that very day. Meadow had just begun. And trying to move by nothing turned. The first layer in baseball that was black. Is real got there home and back. Massage you sits on like they jacked your home. Kids, you scumbags. I'm dying out of the air. When we were singing in my eye. Other time it did fly since it started something. Part of many tears we did cry. For the century it's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. Separated for deep will make such a fuss. Russia too tired went on the bus. Only old cured with the black sheath. Then Russia sked us big time with spot nicks. Our troops into Korea quake discovered. The double helix scheme. Oh, oh, JFK left us way too soon. But promised you get us all through the moon. You're here's first and space. Oh, yeah, the pill we fitted with race. And the French set the climb to the night. Cubism is so scaleless quite a fright. Selfie stasher is on to fight. A hundred years gone by. You fell and we were singing in my eye. My other years they defied. And since started something part of many tears we'd decryed. For the century it's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. Yeah! A hundred years have gone by. Neils giant step was the big news. Rovers wave gave women right to chew. They all got the mix and resigns about what against. Got the troops out of Vietnam. Had hostage taken by Iran. And a virus made us too scared to go deesh. A test to babies held the loft. Some guy named Bill started Microsoft. Chernobyl explosion. The Berlin Wall gets broken. The US is our sad goodbye. Some students in China they did try. Seven died in the Florida sky. A hundred years gone by. What's all it? And they were singing. My, my other time it defied. Sixth started some deported many tears we'd decryed. For the century it's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. Ha ha ha ha. A hundred years have gone by. We were singing in my, my other time it defies. It's started some deported many tears we'd decryed. The century it's time that we say goodbye. Because a hundred years have gone by. Right. It's 11 away to five, six. You never hear him. Why sure like that. But let's play another three or four times. We can go home. Right. You probably have a queue up right there. Two hundred and twenty nine votes on the poll. And you can't believe all the comments that are coming in on our my space. Pages about this. And none. Another classic example of an incredible see that's a one thing on there. Don't ask anybody any questions because almost never will they answer them. Like well where are you where do you live? Did you ever steal a freight train? Any of these things they just don't respond. Have you had different experience than that? I've had similar experience of some positive some you know. I'm still not responsible. I find anyway two hundred and twenty nine votes should need a bunch of the my space page. Who cares? Hundred and six. No it's fun. Fifty three. It's fun. Yes it's nothing but grief thirty five. I hate my space dot com thirty and I hate this poll five now. Well that's more like a two-point one percent. That's moving up. It's been going to hate. Here's a real hate facts for a W.Q.M. is Joe Bell the idiot of the week. Obviously trying to you know that's from somebody's website or something. Is it really? Yes. This is my idiots dot com or something. And it's obviously an eddy k fan and he's very upset and says Joe Bell's an idiot which he's right about that and knit with he says. But we'll no longer listen to the station. Thanks to counting the long running eddy k show and about how we're traditional radio thanks to satellite is dead and blah blah blah. And it's a lot. Well the interesting part of this is this very angry and just to probably so listener or actually listener. And I picked the wrong day to do that because any k returns tonight at the time when most people are still awake. And we'll be on a lot. He'll be on a lot and he'll also be filling for the mad dog and for the hump or when they're on vacation or on days when they're not on. Around days when he wouldn't be on blah blah. However that goes and speak it up to rest your radio being dead. Before we get well don't let me forget that crap food stir. I'm sure you won't but I got other fish to fry here first. Okay. Sirius satellite radio paid Howard Stern of bonus worth nearly eighty three million dollars today. For surpassing subscriber goal sent a 2004 contract that already had turned heads with its five hundred million dollar compensation package. The freewheeling and ride ball stir and join series year ago jumping from the fm dial where he rose to become one of radio's biggest stars. But frequently bridal equipment and decency regulations and times with this corporate bosses. So those mavens out there those experts those those self-appointed sensors of common decency who have to show Howard off to rest your radio. Congratulations. He's only getting about six hundred million dollars for it. Did a heck of a job. His defection marked a turning point for the nascent business of satellite radio. Both Sirius and larger rival XM satellite radio paying millions more. The sign on other talent and track list is to their subscriber model. If I was on their I guarantee we'd have eight easy and less news and it would be the hottest things in tall of all the nevertheless. I'm not an M. W. P. Sirius had roughly six hundred thousand subscribers would have signed stern in 2004 for a contract bed. Who did five hundred million dollars over five years. At the time analysts had to forecast the company would grow about three and a half million subscribers by the end of last year. Sirius and stern agreed to an added bonus in the event that number subscribers exceeded that forecast by more than two million. Last week the company reported that it ended 2006 with more than six million subscribers. At the middle of a forecast range made in December, tracking the bonus payment of about twenty two point one million. Sirius closed at three dollars and seventy six cents so sure today. Sirius said the bonus to Sir would not increase its diluted chair count that expenses were made with the payment of him. Reflecting operating results around 2006 but it would put it up so there's eighty three million more for Howard. I'm sure he'd be more delighted to write me a check for the three million and just rounded off the eighty Howard. And sure he'll offer check here for the extra three million. I'll split with you guys a little bit. I'll send you to your hundred bucks by the pizza. Oh for me. You don't need to buy big bought pizza. Now let's see that was in the movie last night. What's the name of the movie again with Harrison Ford? Firewall. Oh okay. Howard David was in it. More Howard David. He was the pizza burglar right. And they were she was expecting pizza to be lollally. Oh you'll see it. I don't know why. I mean that part doesn't. I'm not going to spoil it for you. Pizza liver guy turns out to be one of the thugs. One of the kidnappers. And he comes. He's got a pizza box and he walks in the door and she just jams her down on a flow. And then the two kids in the whole deal and it's not too bad. Wasn't. No, it wasn't him. Who was it that was kidnapped and where was it? Paul Newman. Was in that movie? In what movie? Kidnapped by the sky and the guy was a crazy person like a lot of our listeners. And taken out of the woods and his wife was doing everything to try to get him back. And then the end he died. When I was Paul Newman wasn't it? I don't know. I don't know. Are you sure you'll see somebody will know it. Somebody will say accident. So we all call it. But I don't know. Somebody had disobeyed it for me. What? Sounds like it would have been a good movie. Oh it's a very good movie but he does die me. Yeah. But you're not going to see it anyway. Probably not. But look at all the time I'm seeing it. I guess. Only in the banana republic baby. Only in Miami. Look brother you've been talking on radio late in night. You've been talking about Paul for the year. What? That's right. Well then we all went up and we're going to go to the pool. That's what he just started inside. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. No. That's not me. I'm thinking of looking on a loving cell. Turn it up. Go mother Hotl Out the radio. Awesome Ok man Right ya Email. Pretty airpore Cannon Out the radio Won't go You can do it. Yeah. Keep it back. All right. 1118 at 5.60 WQAM 277 votes on the poll. Here's that story about the craft that you hate like poison. You know, I hate to admit this before I do the story. Two nights ago, I had a dream about eating a certain kind of food. Fish food? No. Macaroni and cheese. Oh. Okay. I like macaroni and cheese. But not craft macaroni and cheese. No. I'm telling you what to have good macaroni and cheese. I told you this before I called her in the lunch room at Calder. And also I would buy and I have, why is it at every cafeteria that we raise track in a country that got macaroni and cheese? I told you those things. Generic? Yeah. It's like it's ubiquitous. Really? Yeah. Everywhere. A Florida woman is swimming craft foods in, accusing the Northfield Illinois Base Company of Miss Labeling. It's Capri Sun Juisterings. I think she's got an excellent point. The lawsuit was filed yesterday in a Palm Beach County court by Bointon Beach Florida resident Linda Rex. You go, Linda. And is backed by the advocacy group, the Center for Science in the Civic Interest. Both call the Fual pouches almost juiceless and set the lunch box table. Doesn't deserve it's all natural. Tentelsens and contains high fruit, high fruit those corn syrup. Yes, they're gagging. He didn't just peep their digit. Just about. Oh, better take a drink of my fresco. Ah. They'll compress on claims to be all natural. Its main flavoring would be more accurately called fresh from the factory. Michael Jacobson Executive Director of the Washington DC Base Organization Center statement that's organization. Let's put it this way. Unless you and your chemist friends are prepared to want to take a little Manhattan Project in your kitchen, you won't be brewing any high-frupped dose corn syrup from a scratch anytime soon. You might be scratching it, but that's about it. Rex said in the statement that he bought a pack of Capri Sun for a young relative, thinking the Fual pouches were healthier than soft drinks. Surprise. But when I got home and got out my glasses, I threw it in the garbage when I realized it contained high-frupped dose corn syrup. And with nearly identical to sodas, she said loaded with sugar. It's loaded with sugar and chemicals. The company said it's been working for a year on a new package that removes the all-natural claim. It took it they've been working for a year on a new package. Oh, no rush. Yeah. The new package in his schedule to go into production in about two weeks. And then that would for Ralsett too. He was working for a year on a new package. The new packaging in his schedule going to production in about two weeks. And we'll say that the free sun contains no artificial covers, flavors or preservatives. According to a statement from Mark Firestone, Crap's executive vice president for corporate legal affairs. This new product description resonated well with consumers. Firestone said, wow. It resonated well with consumers. Hi, for Tuskorans here, but popular sweet and you're found in most offerings is made from corn starch. And there's only one thing I can say to corn starch, and that is, as the Chinese are fine of saying, Fah. The Center for Science in the Public Interest, which has sued Quaker Oats, freed early in other food companies from misledling food items, said corn syrup doesn't qualify as an all-natural ingredient because its chemical bonds are broken and rearranged into manufacturing process. Crackchairs are Georgia like this fell 15 cents. And I'm going to print against them in the New York Stock Exchange. Good. I would say a couple of them in Drea by still like crab macaroni and cheese. Let's throw it with the other kind. Such as like an ordinary or any of the kind of even generic Ordin. I'd say what I do like his boarden's like, paste-rised process. She's food. Yeah, that's the one. Yeah. The slices may have good to have. The little cheese and food. Perfect like that. Which is just like the rat's won't eat. They're cheese like that's what you think, man. You put a bunch out in your front yard. You see how many rat's little track. Yeah. That possible wouldn't have anything to do with it. 293 votes in a pool should kneel, dump the mice-based page. It's an emotional time on my space for all of us. Are we having an emotional breakdown about it? I'm not saying anything I damn your did. That was just prophetic is what it was. Yeah. It was silly. It was ridiculous. And again, like I said, that's my luck. That's my lot in life. If it would have been anybody else. I keep saying this over and then, but it's the truth. But this one schmuck. This one schmuck, evidently, has never grown up and has an overgrown child. But there's two, you know, a lot of booze, a lot of broads, and a lot of bong hits. And eventually it affects your brain or where they're used to be one. And he's vanished from the face of the earth as far as I know. Maybe he's selling health insurance in Las Vegas. Should kneel, dump the mice-based page. 293 votes. But that's a lot. Yeah. That's it about an hour. They're pent up. Well, they're pent up because they had that stuporal repute. Right. Although it's not moving at all, who cares 138? No, it's fun. 64. 64, say, keep it. It's fun. Yes, dump it. It's nothing but grief. 45. I hate my space. Count 39. I hate this full seven. And one of the recent chronics now. What tells this guy's name? Yes. And I think he left one. S of ass. Please, though, dump the mice-based. And he's just all over. He's just a nice, interesting, kind of joist man, over and over. And he has nothing to say. He has nothing to say. Like our colors, you know? Nothing to say. Let me just look again to see if there's like another, see, and that's the thing about it. You think if you're all these people are going to respond. And the fact of the matter is they don't. And you want to know why? Because you're only dealing with like 968 people. Mm-hmm. So out of that, many, how many you've been to get? Now there's nothing new on there. So we're taking a poll on it. And obviously the people are on it. Don't care enough to send it very best. They could give a crap on way away. Because they've got 75,000. There's no friends. They sure sell the weed meat. Or they check it once a week. Like, you know, some of us do. I see. Well, I'm, if we do keep it, I'm going to be off it most of the time. That's best. Rock and roll Hall of Fame, backs, new members. But that's enough to make me want to play some more music today. You know what? Ah. Almost. That's not. Well, I don't know what the big sin is supposed to be. He was the godfather of a soul man. Yeah, right. Whatever you say, he's sucked James Brown. Just needs a noise maker and a wife feeder and a drill. But nevertheless. She probably had a comment. I'm sure she did. Van Halen, the Ron Net's Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five. REM and Patty Smith. A Grandmaster Flash and Furious Five excuse me. I don't even know from Grandmaster Flash to share with an old fart. I am. Come right up. REM and Patty Smith will be inducted to the rock and roll Hall of Fame this year. In the 22nd annual round of honors, the organization announced this morning. The members of an hill and to be inducted are the. Brothers, Allison Eddie Van Halen, the basis Michael Anthony and David Lee Roth and who did such a wonderful job. Filling in for stir or not and Sammy Hager over placed one mother as the band's lead singer more than once. Gary Sherone who's sang with the group in late 1990s between Roth second, Stit and Hager's wasn't recognized. But without toss his hands out. The ceremony scheduled for the 12th March and Waldorf Astoria Hotel and Manhattan will include tribute to Amen Erdogan. The co-founder of Atlantic Records who died last month. Remember we hit that on the year? Amen Erdogan? Yes. Or is that osmid? I'm sorry. Mr. Erdogan was among the founders of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum, which is in Cleveland, was inducted in 1987 as a non-performer. Namones who did not make the cup this year include sheep, the Dave Clark five, the Stuges and Joe Ticks, the Dave Clark five did make it on pissed off and fired up now. That is bad. What was wrong with them? I took these people out a bunch of breed haters. We went through that before. I don't know what their criteria is, but it's crap, whatever it is. It sucks. And who did they put in there? Van Halen. Oh yeah. And Patty Smith. Oh. Artists become eligible. Here's the deal. After 25 years after the release of their first record, our hoateron by Pamela Musician, the music industry professional and journalist, Ed about suitable intellectuals who would know a good song if you stuck it in their ears. If you jammed it inside, there are hearts. Why not heartburn bad for some really? No, not really. Not really. Not enough to come in a graph. 310 votes on the poll are my space. You people want us to keep my space. You better get on that my space and start begging like a dog. Get up on your hind legs and beg. Please. Oh God. Tom Tom, I'm looking for the 711. Tom Tom, where's the newty bar? Tom Tom, this is a golf shop. I said liquor store. You need to buy a blunt at the convenience store. You want some hoochies dancing in your face. And you want your mad dog 2020. It's not Tom Tom. It's Jerome Jerome Jerome Jerome. I need to find the discount baby clothes store. I'm listening. What you do is you take a lift up there at the homeless guy. You're on a fa lempos. Jerome Jerome, where's KFC? The bill is new. We'll live a drive. Thanks Jerome Jerome. You're going to make a pit stop of a moth half people. Well, as see the wife was expecting me home. I'm not going to cut. Jerome Jerome, I don't really know this neighborhood. What you want your ass home? More golf stuff than me. Leave it to me. The new way to find your way. Jerome Jerome, available at rundown malls across country. And I'm done for some good macaroni and cheese. I'll tell you right now. Maybe we'll get a call from our friends at Skyline Chili. Get some of that chili, Mac. Remember that? Yeah. What the was that all about? I don't know. But it's good. I need to do today. Leave it to me. Leave it to me. I just wanted to say Skyline Chili on the air a few times. That's all. And more power to him. Anyway, Omarie, not Linda Modi. But Omarie, that's his name. He's a dark, complexed young gentleman in Miramar. He says another is my space talk. More bedtime stories. Neal, that's what Omarie said. Which I would say. Calm down. You could be acting. He's up and taking other people's talk. Sean, repeat. I guarantee you. I took a look at all of Omarie's friends. And most of them are also dark and complexed. But there's a young lady in Miami. Her name is Heaven. And I agree with you. You'd love to be in Heaven. But nevertheless, Sean, let's say, says, As Mohammed is prophet of Allah, do not allow George to do another music show in your absence. I am praying to you. Look into your heart. What are you doing music shows when I'm not on? A little bit. I'm not letting you talk. I think you're talking to guys who's supposed to be doing a talk show who plays music. Right. Yeah. I guess it was great. And that goes about. But it was. It says, hence, Solomon, as torture is meant in conflict. They couldn't divide suffering more hellish than that, which was inflicted by the canterwalling George forced into upon us. Yeah. We love George for reasons we cannot articulate. But his taste is not his two shades. His taste is in the beast's two shades. What can we say about a guy who are not too, but never misses an episode of survivor. Right. I love to see his reason for what it's worth shone. And I tried several times, including last week, to sit through Casablanca. Horrible. You must remember. Oh, a chicken. What a state of mind. All of them. No, look at that. Here's a bunch of pulls. Sorry for being so gay and tensive. Me too. I'm sorry, not for being so gay and tensive. Let's see, who's most annoyingly gay, which gay person you most admire. What do you think of gay people? Well, this is, they're awfully gay. Gay, Sean, boy. Maybe he's going through some kind of a period. That's what Joe Bell would say. It's probably that time of the month. It's his gay time. Some people have play time. Maybe Sean's got gay time. Where we got gay play time. In a blunt challenge to present and force the leader of the Senate's new number, I got another edition for the poll. For today. My space is boring. Okay. I'm going to read that on there too. Right now. In a blunt challenge to present and force the leader of the Senate's new number, quite a majority city yesterday, he will look at everything with this power to wind down the Warren Iraq. Sure, to cutting off funds for the troops already deployed. I think we've got to tell the president what he's doing is wrong. We've got to start bringing our folks home. Our folks said, Senator Harry Reid, who's his doll as a 400 year old knife. God. In remarks that, for 10 to struggle with his expected motion, I'm going to say that the motion on his plans to our night for an increase in troops length of 20,000. Another senior new Democrat Senator Ted Kennedy said one option under consideration would be for lawmakers to vote on denying the use of funds for an increase in the rise to a plummet. Officials said late last night that the Massachusetts Democrat was preparing a legislation that would require Congress to approve the deployment of more troops. It was hoping for a role call vote on the measure swiftly before any increases implemented. More broadly, Reid Signal at Bush's expected call for an additional $100 million for the war would receive close scrutiny from the newly empowered Democrats. We have a platform we didn't have before leader Pelosi and I and we're going to focus attention on his more many different ways said the meeting mouth read made different ways. Speaker Nancy Pelosi suggested over the weekend using Congress's power of the purse through his dream and a true buildup. Nothing like to power the purse, baby. That was carry mine. Just like the Queen of England, every softest expecting Queen of the Currier would be a little bit more stylish but never less or at least the clutch. President Bush's new plan for a raccoel call for increasing the number of U.S. troops in Baghdad and perhaps other areas by least $20,000. As he will unveil his new strategy to our knife, this stammering is a full and I'm not talking about Joe Bell right now not this moment. I'm talking about W. Your leader. To be with the Bush administration is from weather to send troops all as in a big bang force right away or phased them in for months and months contingent of whether the Iraqi leadership meets certain political and military goals and whether we have that long queue pose hooked up to the oilfields there. The whole struggle has been going on for weeks and even months is what Prime Minister Malaki is going to do about radical she and cleric Moktaun al-Sadar once or said the phased in a pro-seem to be winning the day it allows to get to Pentagon to get its people ready to go. They're good to go. Right. Let's see how many more people we can kill. 600,000 Iraqi poor bastards. Oh they showed a seamless night that you watch Brian Williams and we see the news. No. Oh. One of the, one of the towns out there used to have a population of 60,000. It's down to 5,000 now and all these huts and these bird out there. Oh, brother. Yeah. Looks like we still got some work to do if there's 5,000 people there. No. That's right. When and down take them out. 346. How come my space is boring is on their twice as any special reason for that? No. Somehow I screwed up and I don't know how. Well, whatever. The pain that I've got is not important. The world is not going to go along. From the island to the island and once soon at travel to the mountains buildings and she says he's marching there this land. Wow amazing. That's white. Who cares about that the crap? 165 almost 50% say who the hell cares? No, it's fun. 71. It's fun especially for people like ASS or whatever his name is out there. Oh no dump the page Yes, it's nothing but grief. 53. I hate my space to become 48. I hate this poor eight only two-flight three percent So I can only assume I may be wrong. You like it. Yeah, they do And my space is boring, which is under twice one one on one line and none on the other line out of three 46 Current Stevenson for the mad dog or two today And clearance still can make up the schedule right, but we got any K-returning in 99 for that guy I got all bent on the ship and said Joe Bell was the idiot the week you are right. He is the idiot in the week and of the year and of the century But not for the reasons you delineated Because that he cares back which we've thought out about in the weekends and Saturdays Sunday morning's very jackass column French president Josh Shorak is on least a torrent of criticism against the West Light of War and Iraq saying the conflict which he fiercely opposed has both of this threat of terrorism And I would say he is And why range in the years foreign policies speech Friday Shorak fired a broad side of what he called Washington's adventure the Middle Eastern country turned by Secretary and strike almost four years after the invasion As France had foreseen and feared the war in Iraq has sparked up peoples that have yet to show their full of heights Iraq told the French diplomatic corps in Paris and gay Perry He said the conflict which the West still describes as part of the so-called war on terror at launched into a 2001 has offered terrorism a new field for expansion It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out to see it the feel it to smell it Shorak said it exacerbated the divisions between communities and threatened the very integrity of Iraq It undermines the stability of the entire region where every country now fears for its security and its independence he said As Bush prepares this week to announce the major overhaul the military strategy and Iraq Shorak said the priority more than ever is to restore full sovereignty the Iraqi people Although Shorak had 74 stopped deeply unlikely to stand for a third term in France's presidential elections And they've released delivered a string of combative New Year speeches to defend his favorite legacy and five off suggestions that he's a lame duck president Nothing worse than a lame duck where did that expression come from? I don't know old another stupid expression Lane duck and you ever see a lame duck? Yeah, I think she any was shooting at it I was hits him in the leg Right in that web part of the foot, you know 1140 20 till noon a QM 354 votes on a poll our goal is 400 Well, this was a like a last minute deal here today Based on my emotional outburst about all this time I'm wasting it about that stupid blah, why don't I come up with that stupid ass idea? I don't I mean you think anybody really cares about that crap no Maybe not nobody almost nobody no word of cards court. Well good Data and hold it Coming to the hit her soon Rocky six rocky takes on a best of the best at the senior center slug fast Oh, I got a thing That's what you think Grandpa Bingo you came here to put me in a hole. I came here to put you in a hospital Brace yourself grandma Fabia like green No rocky six rated PG 65 no number 65 of a lot without blighter control I'm falling and I can't get up Oh brother so Jeff sends me a note on my space and I'll have to go back to it to read it because I tried to print it out and like the first sentence came out and I was in the van Hmm, that's one of those things. That's because I don't do it right He says about your pool. I'm a fan and tribal center every day. Thanks Jeff Once in a while facts with something to add et cetera would not consider myself rampant or worse obsessive I really do think it would be a mistake to lose the mind space page as Jeff and Jeff's not a child Jeff is like let me click on a thing It looks like an old code Jeff is 43 like I said old not as old as me, but he's old. I heard from somewhere that less than one percent of the people That listen to any given radio show our participants Call or whatever. I wouldn't wouldn't that be similar to my space Setary says question mark. I have to think there are much more than the people who have What did the people who have included you as a friend who read your page? It's also nice to have something that seems to take a very little effort in your part that enhances the show It kind of makes the neo-rogour show plus a nice bonus for people willing to seek it out When in doubt see good well they are a sick and an option But not necessarily the show it says do all music shows well the wall bedtime stories even weeks of the bird just Cackling I don't care I wouldn't even presume to tell you how to do your show I would hate to see you pull away action to the world Well thanks Jeff. That's very nice. See Jeff. There's an opinion There you even play oh look at this here's a chronic David again probably tell me to wash my hands Oh, this is a response to the beastly thing See it's a measly broadcasting is a radio broadcasting. Well, what is this? It's like a bio of beastly in the stock price history What do I want then for David God Almighty? Oh, this is David the stock guy. Okay? Not interested in the stock price or anything like that go away David go away. You're a crazy person And then the spaz guy from a highly assays if you get it real and Neil are you insane if you get rid of my space page Who else am I gonna chronic that's a good point? I'll put that on it. Yeah, he's he's me tell Why's in a highly of an expert? So there you go now we're at least a little bit of comment on there. That's a quite a feather in our cabinet show. You want to be a lame duck As real Vim and lead an I'd over the weekend to report by British newspaper which claimed that a plan to attack our hands You're reading enrichment facilities using nuclear weapons Owevey According to the before quoting he is really military sources two as real Air Force squadrons are training to blow up an enrichment planet at the tons about 120 miles southeast of Tehran using bunker buster nuclear bombs Two other sites would also be hit with conventional weapons As soon as the green light is given it will be one mission one strike and the ring nuclear Project will be demolished one of these really military sources told the newspaper However labeling the report is incorrect Is really formed minis of minis fees folks in Mark Regam told Deutsche press That Israel supports I'll excuse me out of percent of the efforts in the National Community by the UN Security Council the stop Iran's nuclear program The nuclear weapons would be used only if an attack with conventional weapons was ruled out and if the West decided not to intervene The Sunday times report be saying Meanwhile in Tehran once again Iran voted a vow retaliation in case of any military attack by Israel against it nuclear But it would put about they right hands against the Jews the Arabs and the Jews the Jews the Arabs and leave the rest of us out of it Okay, will you please will you please cracker please when it doubt leave us the hell out of This age old conflict and then again they showed us a little town in Iraq I forget what the hell a name of a wasner doesn't make any difference and who is the Shiites and Assunies They're all blaming each other. Oh no. They're the ones who are doing it and they said that Shiite couldn't we walk down the street without Assunic killing them or Yeah, it sounds just like Northern Ireland all over again doesn't it those Protestant marching days You know, I'm in days have your kids walked down our street and by the Bing man. Oh All you religious nuts out there man you're the ones who create all the service for the rest of us Those of us who are maybe a little bit sane a little bit rational. Hopefully got all these ridiculous fairy tale You're the ones that create all this nonsense all this insanity this hate That's what we're living is all about it's a big tax free scan for big bucks and spreading a lot of hate Oh look at this facts it says from WB it says all right Whatever that mean what does that mean? I don't it all right Elaine Duck has opposed on call it flight challenge is one unable to keep up with the flock and was thus easy prey for predators The phrase lame duck was first applied to the London stock exchange. I don't start with a stock exchange David will be facts me again about the beastly David go watch your ass with pure rllo, okay We need to please over the for well get out of here First applied on the London stock exchange in the 18th century to brokers who couldn't pay their deaths Well, let's put some my lipstick on this pig. I'm this lame duck Beginning in the 19th century America lane duck was used to describe a congressional representative who would fail to horn swarrel of otters And we're lucky in November, but who was not do under the Constitution to actually be booted out until the following March Thus free to be even the pretence of accountability of the voters Such plain ducks usually voted themselves a scandalous jackpot of perch until a stopper for the practice by the Lane Duck Amendment of 1934 Today new Congress people take office in January They're defeated opponents no longer have a chance to loot and pillage on their way out and those Congress has become a temple of honesty And you thought the duck story was ridiculous He said excellent job, okay, so all right Why did he why did he purpose it with all right? It was a good facts Yeah, what was some information there? I mean not the most fabulous in a world. Oh, it was pretty meaningful Something I should have no about the Lane Duck Act of 34 Should kneel down the mice face page 386 votes you this got up to a phenomenal start and now all of a sudden kind of like tailed off Kind of like a lean duck pull Who cares? 179 no it's fun 78 Yes, it's nothing but grief 60 a lot of gameplay is a lot of source a lot of heartaches a lot of emotional angst I hate my space to our count 55 Now let's see do we combine number three number four there together? You could could if I want to we'll see we'll see how turns out tomorrow I hate this pool eight only nine only 2.3 percent and my space is boring five out of three 86 Can I tell you one of the reasons that it's really boring? It's like taking phone calls on a show same reason I know Because you're looking for well whatever you're looking for you. They don't get it right You know, I'm not just talking about sex. I mean it's another whole can I was obviously a lot of those people are getting it But if you're looking for some kind of an intelligent Dialogue back and forth or some kind of a whatever it is it just doesn't happen Am I right yeah Very rarely seldom I'm still waiting huh And although Mike from my FSU who's from Cooper city he's about his clothes and of course Harry from Detroit who's now in Hawaii I'm vacation I assume or maybe he's chasing around young Hawaiians. I don't know but They seem to be the closest to like real people that have spoken to one here and how long we've been doing this crap since October I guess that for yet Since Miguel got his brain storm ago and had stick in this thing on here and screw up my whole life and Practically putting me in a asylum in a straight jacket I Think we ought to make it Miguel's responsible to go out and find all these people not just Jacob and Find all these people who've been on there line him up and Say will the real Ah, please stand up Like on like to tell the truth Where's Gary more when we need a more chicken egg so chicken egg was out there. We're lucky. Is that what you told me cuz he hates a river murder Yeah, well, you know, he's his own worst enemy and he's always talking about you know He'd like to gain some notoriety so I said well, here's a free promotional vehicle. Why don't you do it? And he's like This got one of the best pages on there right? I tried to hold him. It's to do whatever that how you want with it and it's hysterical what he did with his old boon in the box Yeah The veteran Hello Greetings, I'm happy to hear how are you back to you? I I'm having serious thoughts about reinstate my my space site I had dropped it because I got an tired of a lot of the gameplay and you're talking about But if you're gonna keep yours I'll reinstate mine Really that that nobody's if I show you mine you'll show me yours essentially that's correct sir My Oh, on another subject. I don't know a favorite reported to you about the new Marty Groth the hall formerly known as highly with gray-hound tracks right I would by their this weekend You talking about God's waiting room man the poker room Yeah, oh a constant flow of all the conquerors they play one hand They play one hand they go outside have a cigarette You know then they by the way, you know you're more of a car you're more of a gamble. I am Do you know if it's appropriate if you're a car cable to pull out a book and start reading it Because I swear you want to vote that is racing form and start and laid it on the on the car table and started looking at the picks for the race You know make up your mind you will could so I was they pull off the menu for the early bird. They know it's time to leave Well, they gave us the giveaway Y'all said the joke the giveaway a homer Saturday night The first name they drew apparently she lives in century village she left on the butt so she didn't win They had to give it to the next guy Drew will don't make them a sticky in pain. I certainly won't For an our space in your place God blood I'll see what this fact is over your lot of facts is that a tracing The horses I would like to and don't know for my space to the pool I've been to a score anything my space and after hearing about your last flight of plentiful Voderdall together go up think and Tracy don't get started so I get in third on drugs I Unsuccessfully try to fasten email your article about the juridly dough No, it came through Good article about his band 30 seconds tomorrow sounds like it might actually be decent last I don't know if you read that verdantroyers and alcohol rehab. It's a bummer But I hope he does well burn twires and alcohol rehab. Yeah, I got the check. Oh no Have a great day you two trace in kinnon You're like a little magic like that. Everybody's making fun of you. Yeah, he's making a lot of a lot of money for being a little magic now. Never the less My he's having crossed the circuit. That's what Timmy said and look what happened in Portland That's right and Irvay Vittich has who I look at it. He can find you playing no more Irvay What are they doing? They bury those people like in little tiny coffin that that's bad. I'm just curious. They do yes a little tiny one They find one that fits I think we're like oh poor tiny where's that guy? Well, we took one call there. It was pretty damn good. It was real Like you know collar and I'm not promising anything more like that soon, but that's the way I'm gonna do the show We're doing our own agenda here in Joe Bell but out Sandy claws okay keep your nose out I totally a long time ago keep your ass out of the show I don't need any assistance from you at least not in that category The things we do need assistance from have haven't helped us as Buff would say a tension man Why he says that a lot It's pretty quick whenever I shape my ball I listen to the meal Rogers 12 to one hour Hey sounds that you hey But I'm in it and I think they're really great I dad that you can't hit the one or two much less oh Hey sounds that you hate Come in from the boys they will surely separate I tell you what they are Guarantee you go I like finger nails on a blackboard People fact their neck for their knuckles When I rough style we're both together That just makes me just Hey sounds you can't stand Would you could tolerate if you were a handsome man I am As you the list of it A fork in a knife scraping on a plate scraping on a plate Scraping Here's what I really love You might want to try it Give me feedback in my headphones Ah yeah that's more like it Little more little more over there little more Yeah Hey sounds all you need Now let's review so you can really really free Figure nails on a blackboard When people crack their neck or their knuckles Well beside we're both together Causes make me just for I like when you thinkers on a gym floor Raising in a lumen of wind up When I guess it's just drilling my motor That makes me just Pinot My boy singing on this record Ah You said to all on my child It's easy to give you the shivers That makes you all whine up Hey you go nuts and someone fights their pork like this Who's eye loving? Here I'll do it again Do you have a nervous system left? How about the squeegee whining the window? I'll crack my neck So pretty whips So far whips Oh wait I got one more I got one more too Oh yeah, nobody can add a lad Let's see if I did this right. Oh no, I got 40,000 little Brady quins is my a desk I got to get the bigger picture because when you when you do that when you set your a background on this Right, it'll put however many of the little pictures Yeah, you guys have a big high-alt You want strap at least I got rid of that A wrap with the for the phone you got with the phone a girlfriend and I also Finally got rid of that crack I'm just getting off all of that neurotic stuff very good I am well, what's the point? You have to like that what the court baby I mean if you want to go on there and confabulate with somebody once in a while that's fine Beginning of ses with it would all these imaginary people are just a waste of time I looked at that cracker thing twice and it was cute It's like I don't know look at that somebody and see I don't you know that was it yeah and of course in the meantime They're not really in Seattle. I'll probably privacy, but they're never really the plan games They're pinging it around they're pinging they're playing ping pong without the pong and What king Kong without the Kong and then that's it? Game players man, it's a just just a haven for game players I mean I got played with twice didn't even feel it 426 was someone at pull that's not too shabby You know that one that thing about x-frame versus walking to a mall deal and killer bees All right, remember that got that killer bees story because they're been a lot lately Power cam Broward County, what is it getting powered? How is it? Is a buzz Recently a swarm of thousands of bees attacked a couple they're dog and two firefighters and four lot of It'll leaving the people with nasty stains and sending the pet husky into the vet Officials are waiting on test results to find out whether the insects were Africanized bees also known as killer bees I think that's a racial thing if yes, mate If they were not Africanized would that make them less killers? They see what I'm saying right what if they were like a racial Slant on it to me. Oh, there's Harry Reid got a zebra boring and look toasty and just oh good god How much a fistful of agriculture can work for that old kood? On Thursday a pest control company will update three foot long high from a tree in Cooper City parking lot after customers got nervous A three foot long hive Bekeeper wainsworth brown here's a such incidents and worries, but not for the reasons one might think Brown of water hill is afraid to rival Africanized bees will provoke residents to kill off the more Doss on European bees there that are vital to some photos ecosystem in economy He also worries their negative reputation will lead the further decline in local beekeeping and Apricot the Florida and problematic culture calls the first and best defense against Africanized bees The old beekeeper what what uh, what what what why does anybody get involved in that for the money Get the honey tune yeah For the honey for money. Do you get people or not educated? They just want to get rid of them. The men's brown has got about 400 hives for that across the state including Seven in ground count and a small farm off Griffin road if we don't have bees. We don't have food. He said Look for what does that mean? They probably have huh they pollinate things by plants my cows Well cows eat grass And you smoking yeah As bees go from flower to flower gathering that to they pollinate plants everything from Brazilian pepper to watermelon and And they believe them to reproduce in bare fruit In north and central maybe that's where our governor came from bare fruit in a fruit In north and central Florida where citrus grows and other crops still proliferate Be keeping his big business creating about $12 and dollars worth of honey in 2005 Wrecking these state fourth in the nation Did you know that this fourth on nation and honey do you know that? Bekeepers five this federal African Africanization by maintaining more docile bee populations Which compete with the Africanized bees and dilute their numbers the because of development there are many beekeepers left in South Florida the old beekeeper will Willy beekeeper Oh I'm gonna restrain that yeah, I won't surprise the point him on our space We have fewer and fewer because of all the construction said you'd heartman a West Palm Beach beekeepers been in South Florida since 74 but only as hot five hives left. I've only got five hives left Ever get hives? I don't think so in the wild Africanized bees are a hardier strain that reproduce faster and tech with greater ferocity Single-acoracanized bee sting is no more venomist than a regular bees but the attacking greater numbers creating danger Especially for those with B allergies oh so anyway in the movie last night and this movie would Harrison Ford right the one that you're ruining for me So his little kid the little boy his got he's allergic to peanuts Okay, and of course one of the evil doors he gives him a cookie that's got peanuts in it and the kid almost dies He doesn't die though But anyway, what I was on the plane. Where did how was that coming was it coming back up here I guess? I guess so and there was an announcement on the PA that there was a kid on board who has a severe peanut allergy and Requesting that none of the passengers eat anything containing peanuts Okay, it's even even the aroma from it if you're allergic if you're seriously We're not even eating yes, I will say this I'm gonna put you in a coma. It's like Jewish farting have you ever been with an arm's length as someone who Is or has been recently eating peanuts because that peanut breath will kill you I'm smell breath that was close. I think in that some of those letters in peanut, but now exactly the same where you're looking for What African bees were originally brought to Brazil an experiment to see what they can improve the productivity of rescinded bees to scientifically control Interabringing as Miss Harkom, her she'll tell you that she's out of this world But the visitors escaped into the wild and bread of their own pace with local screening African eyes offspring This does sound like a racial thing to me. It does but I have read spread through the South and Central American of the South Western US in 2002 African eyes bees were first found in Tampa of all places Most made their way to Florida on freighters from Guatemala according to the state of our medical culture and a few large commercial beekeeping operations so it's just none of all theories of South Florida like lots of hatching in Western Palm Beach County Lead del Cineoti owns one of them a 4,000 hives in homestead and Miami-Dade County See I read Miami-Dade County. I apologize for that promise I would never do that. What are the shot of being hanged again? There's the new video Oh, there he goes he's still dead 4,000 hives in homestead and Dave Kennedy produce about 650,000 pounds of honey every year. What that's a lot of honey Mm-hmm. Grab my junior honey. He says the biggest threat to his dust on European bees isn't human in Courtsman, or African eyes bees but parasitic mites Which destroy our hives and cause they defy them the nation's bee population in 2005 honey bees had to be imported from outside North America for the first time since 1920 to According to a national academy's report Once mites week in the European County del Cineoti noted it's much easier for an African eyes queen to take over like Johnny mattress For this reason beekeepers like del Cineoti check their hives regularly for African eyes bees Kind of like check in the hood, you know. Well, all those American eyes the bees in here look a tough job Time to move to Pontiac man. We got more of our counters in here Or how do you say that after what is it? 438 votes on the pool not too bad our goal is a 400 That whole business with goal and we do if we are gonna keep the my space thing it looks like maybe we will Wait a minute. Let's see now. Yeah at the moment. It's one in the hate But so we gotta get to a thousand by the end the months we have what nine hundred and sixty one when I say nine sixty a year or what you said nine hundred and sixty eight friends and there are two or three of them That actually enjoy your communicating with and two or three that I just assume never would across my path Should kneel down to my space page who cares two hundred and three enough already with this crap with this Swill It's fun in 92 yes, it's nothing but grief 66 I hate my space dot com 62 I hate this pool to 11 in my spaces boring like most of your calls Help Alright And Everybody stop! I chose the first an old packaging. I have the vibrato version and whatever symbols we give you. Lets go, some one. Probably 18 at five 60 W about a week you talk about Wiki Guinness. Funny. Leonard, that's bad for me in fact because of this and I asked your question. You like it? She said yes. I said her little nice. I try to respond to some of these people. Right. Some of them are one response. No one responds. I believe it could come in. I say, OK, and I read them, and that's it. 450. I wish I had to follow that policy from the very beginning, but nevertheless, I'm learning. I'm a slow learner, but sometimes. 456 votes in a poll should kneel down to my space page. Who cares? 210. No, it's fun, 94. Yes, it's nothing but grief. It's sourced. It's mind bending and mind blowing. 68. I hate my space to account. 63. I hate this poll 12 in my space is 49. I hate this poll's only about 2.8%. That is shocking in it. A little bit. Only 2.8%. But then again, that goes back to the same territory. And I'm so glad I who told us about that tracking page. Would that you let me tell me about that? I told you, and I was told by one of my my space friends. Well, tell them that you hate him like poison. OK. OK. Hey, Rosie, or whoever it is. Because it's bogus number one. And then number two, it's even more aggravating when you go on there. And see that the same people are on there over. You know, what are they looking for? What are they talking around for on your page? You know, what's the point? And so I finally deleted that whole thing. You know, I just got rid of it. You know, it's not accurate anyhow. People that are playing. They say again, anybody that wants to play games and won't tell you what county they're living, what their shoe sizes. And even some who will tell you what their shoe sizes are being players. I think like that. Uh-huh. Jolie shot by Madonna tax. She is shocked. Hollywood actress Angelina Jolie. She, I think, is she's not looking to be these. Not for a while though. No, she ain't looking to be in fact this picture here. I wouldn't wish her on Charlie a Santa Joe. I just noticed you that this is this story like missing. Oh, geez. What's the good thing I just seen that? Hollywood actress Angelina Jolie said she was shocked by tax. I'm a down over adoption of a Malay and Malawian boy. Malawian? All right. Malawian. We'll be at a water come in. Paradoxia may Malawian boy, but she says she would only take a child from her country where the rules on adoption are clearly defined. Where is Malawian? I never heard of it. I don't know. Oh, I see. In other words, that way I was waiting because it sounded like you're, you know, it's an Africa. It says who? Malawian. Okay. I'm going to read it from Wikipedia. I'm going here to the free encyclopedia. The Republic of Malawians, they never credit densely populated country located in Southeast Asia, Africa. It has them in the northwest, Tanzania of the north and was in beak. Surrounding it on the east, south and west, was in beak. When I was a keep collecting stamps, I had stamps from Mozambique, triangles, no less. Her. Yeah. Madonna's adoption of the boy last year led to some right scoops in Malawian. A question whether the American pop star had used your celebrity to buy pants, laws governing the adoption of Malawians by foreigners and argumented by her lawyers. I was horrified by the attacks against her, Jolie, who has two adopted children herself told French magazine Gala. Gala. But Jolie ended that she would have steered clear about often from a country like Malawian. But now the new the situation to Malawian, this country does not really a legal framework for adopting. Personally, she we see and I prefer staying on the right side of the law. I never been recognized from a country where adoption is illegal. That's what Mr. Watson named said too. Come on. Jolie and I to Brad. Well, we know about them. We don't want to hear any more about Fran Jolina, Manjolina. It's just it's ponderous. Only the most desperate of the desperate one here. So it's crap. Yes, who died? Who died? And you'll have to help me with this too, because I have no idea how you pronounce his name. You wow, talk a moto. OK. I w a a o. So it's close enough to me. You wow, talk a moto, the animator created the cartoon canines, school we do as well as characters on shows like the Flintstones and the Jackson's died yesterday after something a massive corny air, Sposman said he was 81. Must have got a phone call from Jolie Jolbel. He's killing me. I'll tell you that. He is killing me. See when he told me he'd like me to work at QI until I croak. I didn't realize he was working on it. I think I'm going to make me a couple. Oh, and then, oh my god, talk about I have no life. This one new chronic my spacer ran there. Talk about a spacer. He says, boy, those hot dogs should have sounded delicious yesterday. Oh, wow. Wow. I mean, is that pathetic? Well, what is the word that you would use other than pathetic? It's tragic sad pathetic. It is it's beyond sad. It's just it's indescribable. Oh, and here he is again. He just came back again. I'm going to tell you my psychic powers man, taking you to the track with you. His name is Matt A. Yes. I'm sure you left the last S off. He says, some of the marlins, some sort of about to be frauded again, Florida market, Florida marlins that are coming part of their days from announcing a stadium blocks from the Trippalaya arena. And then it says again, for the second time today, don't leave my space. I don't know whether I will or not Matt or whatever your name is, but you're enough to make me do it. Oh, Jesus. This is the guy who told me how much he enjoyed hearing me eating those whinies yesterday. Why did you just come back on there? A.S.S. or whatever your name is and just right. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. I have no life. Talk a motor dad at Seenor's son, I medical center in LA, where he was being treated for respiratory problems. See, you got in the hospital. They'll kill you man. Just like they then you did to me, it's Mount Sinai over there in the beach. They then you're killed me when I go blood or operates. You remember that? I remember that phone call. To Rick Riley. Yes. Well, that's enough to make you sick and just right off the bat. That's how I knew it was serious. Never when I would call him. Tech a motor design school be knew is equally famished and fan, cowardly master's shaggy and their pal's Vellma, Daphne and Fred, and late 60s, while working at the Hanabarber Animation Studio. Great things, and it was inspired by an improvised line at the end of Frank Sinophors' strangers in the night. School be do be do. How do you like that? Wow. Of course, if we didn't know that, you're an idiot. He also designed the Snickering Dog Monthly was featured in the number of productions and Astro, the family dog on the Jetsons. Then the dog. The film stones are created the great Gazou, a great greenery. I never heard the great Gazou did. You're the little greenery in the fall of Fred around. You never watched the film stones. How, well, what are you talking about? You must be a crazy person when you are a communist dog, you're into that. Gazou was featured permanently in the latter's seasons. Well, probably didn't see that. I don't want him. Okay, because chicken alcohol probably sent me the NDVDs. He sent me all that how to do these stuff and what was the other stuff he sent me? I don't know. Just do it. I know he is with the best of intentions, but stuff that I'll never watch. That is a nice boy. Which is really, you sent me a bigger part. I thought he said you rockian bowl winkle. Like I said, I remember it is being much better than what I saw. The old God. We were here. You took Flintstone's vitamins to make sure you grow up big and strong. What's today? Big and strong is good enough anymore. That's why you need to give your kids. Flintstone's chewable steroids, the non-bidiment with the extra part. Ask yourself, what do my kids need most? Healthy balanced nutrition or a lethal muscle mast that makes them feel like they can crush anything in their hand. Flintstone's chewable steroids come in more interesting flavors like Fred Flintstein Dioan, Van Vandrole and Oxam Dino Dream. With Flintstone's chewable steroids, your kids will love their new bulk and striated muscle tissue and it will be years before they even care about their ever-stricken genitalia and what little girl wouldn't want to be the first in her brownie troop to have her own go-teen. I saw it, but I saw it, but I saw it. Flintstone's chewable steroids, kids, 10 million strong and bolting. 232 speed of bulging are my wings in the flavor wave right now. They're going to be here for that guy again. By the way, it's Mark, not man. I just got a correction on there. It's trying Mark, not man. Well, whatever it is, it's okay. You're soon at how much? How many are you spell it? No matter what the name is, it still comes out the same. I have no lies. That's right. Speaking of the flavor wave, so my close personal friend, Harry from Detroit, who's one of my space old fart buddies, he also got the flavor wave because of my suggestion. He said, he's okay, but he's got some other new things he likes better. In other words, whatever I like, they got better. You know what I'm saying? It's always the case, isn't it? Yeah. I mean, don't care. I love the flavor wave. So there's some better? Enjoy it. Thank you. Yeah. Enjoy life. That's my message to you. Doodle harm, take no crap, enjoy life. Those are my three rules to live by. To kneel down to my space page, 487 on there, we're going to make 500. We're going to make 600, maybe. Maybe we should do those our goal today, 600. On a fully started like 25 past 10. Not bad, huh? Not at all. Not good, but not bad. What a week here. Should kneel down to thing. Who cares to it in 23, almost 46 percent? Who gives a crap enough of it already? No, it's fun. 100. 100 people say it's fun. When is that start? How will it end? Well, well, actually, when I started hearing from people that I, you know, like people that I thought I knew, like my cousins kid and some other people, I thought, what this is going to be a lot of fun. I'm going to hear from all these people. And then the rest of the world, these phantom people, you know. Yes, it's nothing. And let me say this to you, okay? Because I noticed very interesting, but most of the teenagers that seem to be on there are all illegal. They're all jailbait. They're all underage. Male, female, you name it. You know what I mean? Like, what do you mean? Like that. Like a trap. How come I don't get a friendly email from somebody who's like a high school senior who's 18, even if it's only imaginary with some real hot picture. You know what I'm saying? Right. I wouldn't mind getting suckered into somebody like that. Even though of course some old fart's probably reading it, what do I care? It's still fun. For the fermented. Yes, it's nothing but grief. 71, dump it. It's pretty close. I hate my space to come 68. I hate this full 14 and my space is boring 11 out of 487. Overall, I forgot to see because I didn't get to these yesterday because you may be play all that music. Sorry. No, I'm glad I played the music. I enjoyed it. Me too. You know, it should be up. Did it really? Yeah, that had a lot of fun. I was juke it and jive into it. Were you really? Yes, I was. And what about Josh Corridis on his last thing? You probably, you know. Enjoy it. Did he? Yes, he did. We were talking about things. You know how much I like Josh. He's a good kid. But when I played ELO and telephone line and when it ended as expected, I asked him to like it. And he said, yeah, that's okay. Yeah. He didn't know ELO from HMO. Okay. He didn't know Matthew Mark. Mark in the dark. That is shocking, isn't it? Yes. These pumps with his garbage. I don't want to sound like an old fart, but I am. And I do believe that. When did they stop making music? What year was that? Well, I just kind of went underground. That's what happened. I see. On Saturday over a thousand protestors occupied the San Francisco's beach, part of a new democratic speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi's district in order to spot off the message in peach. I think there's a word missing. Well, there's a lot of stuff. This is chopped off. America is a great country, Brad, Newshemelocal camp driver and author who organized the events in the press release. But President Bush has betrayed us. He misled us in a way disastrous for and is trampling on our constitution. I'm so weak, I'm so weak. He has to go now. I hope Nancy Pelosi is listening and it shows the picture of them with this big, uh, it says in peach on the beach. In English, speech. San Francisco's ABC Affetti and KGOT, the protest. I think the country has the stomach for another impeachment asked, uh, see, and it's chopped off. Somebody, no one says narrows. I don't, I think we don't have the stomach for another two years of Bush protested, uh, Dan Schvendrick said. While the station's legal aimless noted, you can't impeach a prison for incompetence. He does think the strongest legal case against Mr. Bush would lie for the initial security agency's warrantless wiretrap, so millions of Americans tell a phone calls. Plus, of course, now you want to steal it up your mail. He's probably going to read your MySpace comments. He's probably going to trash your MySpace messages and find out if you're really in not low or new Jersey or in your field, these floor are done. Or whatever, they have your hanging it out. Uh-huh. Yeah. Fony, baloney, phony is a 72 and a half dollar bill. This is going to time out really well because my thing is going to, it's going to, it's going to like beep. Right during the break. And my we need, even this would be a regular feature on the show every day between noon and one. Nearly to weaning on the show on the air. A couple. One is never, I mean, you know, for a big war like me, one is never going to be enough. So I heard half to have a couple. Schneiders, by the way, same as that the microwave bacon I told you about that you can't get. And they're really good. Nothing like a good weiny at lunch time to keep you going through the day. 567, I'm going to give the number out just out of habit. I'm not taking any calls, but I'm just, well, you never know. I might sneak in like that other one I snuck in there. Right? Good. Pretty good. And I believe that's the way we have to do it. Next time you see Joe Bell, you tell him muscle out. Get your nose out of our ass. Okay, tell him that right to his face because I know you would never speak behind anybody's back. And you would never say anything about him to anybody else that you wouldn't say right to his sandy clothes face. Right. Tom, listen, Jo, Neil is not happy with you. In fact, he had you and he are done. Done, just like my weeners mayor, they're done. We're done. We're finished. I did like hell, thank you a lot. And as soon as I said that, here who am I blackberry bud is, oh, it's from Tompain.com. It's Sodom die for our sins. And guess what else does happen? At the same time that I deleted that, guess what other sound just came from? That one. That one. Yeah. So the weeners are ready and there's your president. A lot of Republicans. Look at him. This. Look at the, he's slump back in the chair. He looks like a real slumper in one of the, he is. He looks like kind of a slumper that got thanks to daddy, a gentleman, see in Yale. And didn't show up for his national guard duty and is a real piece of Drek on two legs. And there's Malachi man. It says Democrats may have posters, but we'll not cut funding. We know that. 499. I'd like to get 500 before I go and get them. 500 even. Nice going. My queen. God. And your where was name and it turned off. It's very far to. And if there's been channels for the angry, gosh, three, four, I'm justpped on both my balls. The night and where was the ground? All the phones were ringing and the night and where was the ground? All the people were singing, night and night, and I served in peace and with some guilt that I have manages Over the rebels, the dangerous cow animals leaves their own way That a child aware of, the oozing out atерь you now, it's warming it's sabor cloud half-the-hand you break it up and follow it eggs Wellington drink it after when it는 クわい ヵこちら Right coming now together for summer taste for lemonade for to after that유 for next one store at And I'm cold for the baby And I think we'll watch her cry If water's singing You're a giver of hope Soon, but maybe for now that she's singing for two For 46, how do these dumb people get to be president and vice president and stuff like that? Crescery Ford, he didn't get elected any of it But nevertheless, now he's dead And Dan Kueil And George W Like that I mean, now we need to know There is the Jackson Is not the Jackson's? That's Kazoo from the Flintstones Oh, it's just like the Jackson's from me It looks like they're Jackson's kind of thing So, I don't remember me, no, I don't Not really What's up to Jackson's? He called Fred Dundum Officer Well, you've got a better memory than I do Oh, look at that I better take your this, this is a Hmm, same, another thing A real fact that actually came in on my fax machine Oh Well, I read my heart dog now No, I understand 517 boats on a pool Got several people on my space saying, oh, please don't Don't dump it My thing that is I don't know Well, they're probably true and for ready to get laid on there Maybe Provee? And more power to them I understand that it has worked for some people Ha ha ha ha Okay Ask Miss Kamal, works real good for her Now, was that on my space or was that on now? That was a trick for you from what I hear Oh, chat room Yeah Well, there's one thing that comes to my mind When I hear chat room Oh, yeah And that's it Look out My mind, my mind, look out So, I haven't heard of lunatics and preverts I'm not just talking about ordinary perverts like me And you Right I mean more like dangerous perverts Sure, it's the illegal kind of perverts Mm-hmm But once I had by the way If that whole thing was a harming trap, which I'm sure it was Didn't work, did it Nice try Very weak try And like I said, maybe maybe my next encounter is on there Will be somebody who claims to be at least a legal age Who looks really good and really puts their own picture on there We're gonna get somebody else's picture Yeah, what do I care? You're gonna only hope Only hope one Better to real person that's a, you know, a wage Mm-hmm I don't think my game difference If they say they're a wage And that's how do you know? How are you supposed to know? You try to be Birds of Tificate Yeah Shoe size Mm-hmm Carbon dating You'll be pleased to know I did get Jacob Shoe size by the way Said, look at him half to 12 And then he went on to elaborate with some kind of a, with a sexual alarm That was a joke obviously, but with a sexual comment And I'm thinking to myself, it's not interesting how these other people are the ones Who make the sexual comments? Yeah, he's 30 years old, but that's be side of point But then when I'm finishing up my weir Here you are That's what the mustard is What do you mean by that? Here the knife clinking in the jar The knife in the jar First of all, I don't have, I don't use a jar Man, you better get with a 20th century, Mr. I got a squeeze bottle What's clinking? The knife on the, oh, a slice man Oh, a slice I thought you were dipping it in the jar Yeah, dip this That's where that goes after dip, dip, dip, dip Okay Okay Take your, take your, take your, my lunch It's good back to these really good calls Now you can tell Jolly Jo that Neil took a call Today and he had one really good one One for one, even baby root never batted a thousand And we got 527 boats on the my space page I'm pretty proud of that Officials believe White House chose the new intelligence chief An effort to darken Iran intelligence assessment And broaden domestic surveillance Oh my god Nononies company audited the Swift Banking Spy program The nomination of retired Vice Admiral John Michael Mike McCunnell To be direct to national intelligence It's part of an effort by the vice president To tighten the administration's grip on domestic intelligence And grease the wheels For a more aggressive stance toward Iran Current and former intelligence officials believe he's greasy Not your vice president, the anxious evil dignity He's greasy up his Cheney If confirm a call replace international intelligence director John Negrapati the butcher of the Honduras who was tab Friday Become deputy secretary of state under secretary Condolize the rice. Oh condom Lisa I think that'll play that a couple times today According to officials who spoke on condition of an animating negro Pani's there is a fellow day lengthy and term administration battle Between the office of the vice president and the two year old office of the director of national intelligence According to officials close to both men Two issues surrounding negro Pani's departure The national intelligence officials are the first to be The national intelligence officials are the first to be The national intelligence officials are the first to be The national intelligence officials are the first to be The national intelligence officials are the first to be The national intelligence officials are the first to be The national intelligence officials are the first to be The national intelligence officials are the first to be The national intelligence officials are the first to be The national intelligence officials are the first to be The national intelligence officials are the first to be The national intelligence officials are the first to be The national intelligence officials and colleague Louder, Lamor Deepak, Tudor Huzzi put F vaccinations You can say it again and it says one former receive and it's called the unimolarly ofifornia and China You can say one right now M obec these two organizations You know, let us don't DIilleat To make sure tenho Natasha wasawa Who? See out of sight out of mind. I'm stall for time because I'm sure it's in your somewhere. Oh, there it is. That's a boss knows a boss. Yeah, him although most of them was no sir 535 outside of pull the one good thing is that I see Galby on the schedule or much anymore, but that's a real relief Oh brother, how about those panthers? Are they ever gonna play again or what? Oh, tomorrow night against the penguins. There must be a home game, huh? Let's be now what about Chris is Chris in the sports nerd thing or not? Yes You're a sports nerd not quite a nerd, but I do enjoy them I was asking whether we enjoy them just asking whether you have any concept of who's on first and who's playing where and what's okay Because that's very important you understand it QAM because that's our number one priority Forget about the ratings forget about the revenue forget about the spots forget about the sales forget about the listeners forget about all that stuff There's only one thing the counts. That's That's it Got it we got it good Panthers and the penguins I believe at the macroeated tomorrow night I wonder if the make believes are playing it and I just kind of like lost touch with all the hockey stuff going on, yeah Especially when John pull missed the empty net at the end of the leaf's buffalo game there Why don't you know that hey Johnny over here, baby? Okay, you're looking pretty good, but you don't stick it in the biscuit in the basket Well, there's leaf's practice on these TV talk about people with no life. What kind of people watch practice Oh, geez It's like the people would go to dolphin camp. Oh, we're gonna over watch practice But here's Bob Kool he was only 110 when that game was played Seriously, you know it's like I can understand people might want to go to a baseball game early to watch batting practice even I mean, yeah, that's pretty boring, but at least they're gonna be there to watch the game. There will be an actual game played afterwards Yeah, but people who show up to watch practice Whether it's NFL whether it's hockey people who show up to watch guys practice and that even again Those people are really pathetic good God I'd rather spend the whole day on my space trolling for somebody pretending to be a legal age and look pretty good And you'd be pleased to know that my Brady Quinn. I got my desktop all straighten new now not the best picture But the box is short bathing suit with some chicken is arm well, then you didn't straighten it out, did you? Well, I straighten something up. No, it's got it's got a five five Brady's on there, which is okay That's me. That's me. I'm gonna make no apologies for it. That's my thing Shortly after the West Military Detail in Iraq reached 3000 about 60 anti war grandmothers gathered mid-ment time and hadn't the Reed the names of soldiers from the region who died no more and by the way that the gas they had yesterday Much to do about nothing. Did you see that? Yeah, that's what I heard it was just a fragrance Yeah, it was just Jersey the smell of Jersey locked in across the river. That's always oh God does that think yes The only people have suffered on the young people in their family said we're back to Lubitin a Lubitkin a Participant at the vigil with curious tourist netting pictures members of grandmothers against the war where the names of the dead from New York, New Jersey and Connecticut This is after the death toll now It's 3,000 11 ends climbing in the course when he sends all these additional troops over there. We have this surge It's just another surge in dead people and the people mutilated with nobody parts no eyes no arms They're like all these stories man and the country sits back and wants to know important stuff like It didn't even go to Alabama or not, huh? Who wanted BCS game last night? That was no little contendry man. Oh how state should be embarrassed hang their heads and shame am I right Chris? They stump Yes, they did When you lose to the gator's man you really now because I don't pay attention to those teams anyway Who care? See college football to me is so it's so it's embarrassing I mean it's okay for the people who go to school there and for the alumni in for a year families But all these other people all these bandwagon jump on the band Can beat them gator me pathetic get a life 544 votes on a pool. I think we got a real shot at 600 if you put the pedal to the metal is our we can do it and Then Joe Bell will fear you I Would say this to you okay I want to go overboard on him You know how there are people in life where disappointments to you like Jacob for example to me and I'm sure you've had your share sure Yeah, but I would say Joe Bell probably is the biggest disappointment of anybody I've ever worked for in my life because I really although I did tell you early on you know Yeah, it should kneel but I'm got as time went on. I thought well, maybe there's a little bit of hope and I guess what there is Not should kneel dumped in my space page who cares what are the 51 know it's fun 109 one online I hate my space dot com has moved into third place 79 Yes, it's nothing but grief 76 drop that baby on its head I hate this full 15 and my space is boring 14 This guy around and when I'm up in bulk a tikka slap and all the women would paint and lips around the pool I listen to the meal Rogers wanted to a Yeah, I mean I just heard any other I just heard balance one to two hours That you said that I He's got a lot of not even talk about me about life Yes, I don't give a record that very nice to say If he was a cool thing, say God said I'll have you know I know what I'm talking about Every morning at the condo I take the elevator down and on my way to the car with that full-life holding basket I do the first condo Oh I said the boy the back is tough. Why you And I got a whole new sport whole boo I know everything is going on in that room. Why I even know all the new my job rule I'm into the giant daddy I I'm about to show when I take him straight. I know I ain't no one totally need. But when they drop, I'd boys look change. You little spoony, look at the birds. And the birds, the birds, the birds. But the birds, the birds, the birds, the birds. Oh, you guys, the birds, the birds, the birds, the birds, the birds. Oh, you guys, the birds, the birds, the birds, the birds, the birds. 102 at 5.60, do you hear? Look at us, Justin wants to be our friend on our my space. Justin is 26 years old and my his palm and he's got a picture on his page of a guy about 80. See, this isn't reverse. I like that. No problem. We approve it. We need the numbers. Okay, we don't care. We'll put just about anybody on there. No more minors, though. 969, we need only 31 more to get to a thousand. I won't be that won't that be a feather in your Yankee doodle. I was at Yankee doodle, stuck a feather. Where was it? Back them. Oh, Paul Croglin writes, see, I'm got stuff saved up here that I never got to because of that crappy music show you did yesterday. That's right. There was one person I complained about it. Oh, and I'm like, why is Sean every other time I've done some music shows where I play a tune here and there, Ray reviews from wall to wall. And the place music nobody's ever heard before, or things that they never ever heard or have heard in years, something like really all over the place. Paul Croglin writes, quote, Mara de Vanides. He says the only we have questioned about the plan surge in Iraq, which is better described as a Vietnam style escalation, is whether its proponents are cynical or delusional. Senator Joseph Biden, chairman of the Centiform Relations Committee, thinks they're cynical. He recently told the Washington Post that administration officials are simply running off the clock, so that the next president will be the guy landing helicopters inside the green zone, taking people off the roof. Daniel Connamon, who won the Nobel Memorial Prize in economic science for his research on irrationality and decision making, thinks they're delusional, as in like that. Mr. Connamon and Jonathan Renchon recently argued in foreign policy magazine that the administration's overwhelming misdeficiality and Iraq reflects a basic human version of the cutting ones losses, the same instinct that makes gamblers stay at the table hoping to break even. Oh yeah. Of course, such gambling is easy when the lives of stake are those of other people's children. But we don't have to settle the question either way, what's clear is the enormous price of our nation's paying for President Bush's character flaws. I began writing about the Bush administration's infallibility complex. The president's kept in quick luck and ability to own up to mistakes almost the year before the invasion of Iraq. When you put a man like that in the position of power, the kind of position where he can punish people who tell him what he doesn't want to hear. And based policy decisions on the advice of people who claim it was vanity, it's a recipe for disaster. Consider on one side, the case of the CIA is bagged at the station chief during 2004 who provided accurate assessments of the deteriorating situation in Iraq. What is he, some kind of defeatist as the president, the court of the Washington Post of the end of his tour of the station chief, was punished with a poor assignment. On the other side, consider the men misdeficiality of the Bush's turn to sense the midterm election that constitutes a remarkable coalition of the unwilling, many have been wrong about Iraq every step of the way but are not willing to admit it. The principal proponents of the surge are William Crystal of the Weekly Standard and Fredward Kagan of the American Enterprise Institute. Now, even if the joint chief's assistant hadn't given the surge of thumbs down, Mr. Crystal's track record should have been reasoned after ignore as advice. For example, early in the war, Mr. Crystal dismissed as pop sociology warnings that there would be conflict between Sunnis and Shiites and that the Shiites might try to create an Islamic fundamentalist state. You sure in national public radio, as news that Iraq's always been very secular. But Mr. Crystal and Mr. Kagan appeal the Bush's ego, suggesting that he might be able to rescue a signature war. And in my view, only person noticed that after all the endopold Enneoendo surrounding the Iraq study group, that he's been coming to face Junior's message, etc. Mr. Bush turned for advice to two other sons of famous and more successful fathers. Not that Bush rejects all advice from elder statesman. We know that he's been talking to Henry Kissinger, but Mr. Kissinger is a kind of spirit. It remarks public staff to his debt zero four instead of a secretary of state, Henry and his mind never made a mistake. So whatever policies there were that he implemented, in retrospect he would defend. All incentive to John McCain, the first major political figure to advocate a surge, is another man who candidly mistakes. McCain now says that he always knew that the conflict was probably going to be long and hard in tough. But back in 2002, before the Senate voted on the resolution authorized in the use of force, he declared that a war with Iraq would be fairly easy. Mr. Bush's expected to announce his plan for escalation tomorrow night. According to the BBC, the theme of speech will be sacrifice. A sacrifice for what? Not for the national interest, which would be bestowed by what drawn before the strain of the war breaks our ground forces. No, Iraq has become a clagmar of the vanities. A place where America's spending blood and treasure to protect the ego's men who won't admit that they were wrong. I'm still living correct. Here's a fact from Sammy, who says, I finally ordered the de luxe flavor wave and they offered a de luxe cookbook for additional bucks. Who wants the cookbook? Apparently, Sammy. It says, is the standard cookbook that happens with the oven good enough to start with. Listen, if you don't know how to cook something, I prefer it about, okay? I too far did have a couple of Nathan's dogs yesterday, if you're hearing you're belping yours down, and we're singing telephone line all night. The dogs know it's squat. Well, it comes to music. Josh does squat. And then it says, mmm, you're so good, Neil. As Miss Foley would say, ah, ah, let's start hearing from Samuel Hot people on here. Okay, you somebody else's picture like that, uh, I just did the 26-year-old. I see, I don't know whether it's a really old guy, same these 26 or 26-year-old guy, same these old, but good, judging from his friends on there, I see it's really a 26-year-old guy. Who's being clever and creative? Nothing wrong with being clever and creative. Just don't make up a whole bunch of crap, okay? That's my warning to all you people to get involved in any of this crap online. Beware, the evil, uh, the hostile fact and all out of this, there's just beware where we go. Well, there's candy, cowly man, but don't make up. I've the war in a rock. She's got a mustache. Look at that. Man, she has never looked more meous. I mean, no, she's, uh, she's an okay reporter. Look at that. Candy, cowly, on CNN with a mustache and with no makeup. A little bit of lip gloss, but that's about it. There's Ted Kennedy. Say, look, no additional truth. No, we don't want to hear you, she might want to hear what Teddy. And look at all the way, he lost. He's looking pretty good. Who? Ted. Remember for a while there, he was his biggest house? Yeah. His biggest apartment complex. He was bigger than the humparama. You go, Ted. He's looking pretty good. He's fighting all his flaws and all his pimples and all his stuff. He's a candy found all the weight Ted lost. See, found it all right. And what she didn't find, the humparama I think found. I'm a ground. Should Neil drop the mice-based page, we have 576 votes. 600 is a given man. We are in. And there are probably people out there saying, 600, what does that usually go in for a thousand and for like 1200? Well, this was a spontaneous thing. Right. We'll start it by a minute to go. Just like this call here. Q, I am, hello. Go, jators. Ha ha ha ha. Another bad wagon to have probably a hurricane fan, no doubt. Yeah, go, jators. Oh, I'm glad they won. You know, we don't really care and it certainly wouldn't be bent on no college football game. You know, that really, I'm not going to go into it. I'm not in this station. It's a waste of time. Waste of my breath. I'm going to say it again. People who bet on ball games, you're going to say, oh, yeah, well, you're playing a slots over there at woodbime. Yeah, at least I'm having a good time and whatever. Exactly. You're playing a game. You're betting on yourself. Sort of. Betten on blind luck. That's all right. And betten on nothing to wish. But it's important. You're engaged in their activity. Right. I'm not sitting back and then having to have an nervous breakdown over whether or, you know, somebody else does it so that I can catch a break. That to me is like, oh, yo, that's the same as Betten on horses, though. I mean, I'm not driving him out there. I mean, it's funny. Brain it out there. Five wide out in the middle of the track. And they just started the race. And he was on the rail. Should Neil see now what do you start with that stuff again? Because on the bastard. You are. Although, what's your name? Cheryl Likes. Thanks Cheryl. Should Neil dump the MySpace page? It's certainly something I was thinking about very seriously before they showed it and I'm thinking, oh, brother. And again, from a personal standpoint, and I did that blog, which is an actor, lunacy, thinking that people would read it. They would respond to it, though, that I had something to say. You made a good point before the show. It's just too much work for nothing. Right. I don't mind doing the work if there's something to be accomplished. There's some odd right. You know, I got four hours a day here to a racially, you know, to Rambo Lawn and Bappa, Bappa, Bappa, I like that. Should Neil dump the page? Who cares? 255, almost 46% of this, Ted. The Chrisman and Marcia Massachusetts will introduce similar legislation in the House of Representatives. Our bill will say that no additional troops can be sent and no additional dollars can be spent on such an escalation on, they've just kind of lost. Apologize for that. We have a lot of audio. We try to weaken it. We're not hearing it. Yeah, we're hearing it. Yeah, we're hearing it. It is proposing today another vote in Congress. They got it and they won't put it on either. They got the audio and they got this bitch on the other one. What a big size. Here we go. The American. Everybody's interrupting it. This is an escalation. Okay. Hi. Well, to fund military action and Congress can demand a justification from the President for its ejection before it appropriates the funds to carry it out. This bill will give all Americans from Maine to Florida to California to Alaska to Hawaii and opportunity to hold the President accountable for his actions. The President's speech must be the beginning, not the end of a new national discussion of our policy in Iraq. You go to a nice gone. I'm 58 in the pool. Who cares? Two seven. You know it's fun. Keep it 120. I hate my space to accommodate you seven. Yes, it's nothing but grief. 81. You know, you add number three and four there together. It's not too good. My space is boring. 15. You throw that in there for good measure and it's not good. Now I hate this pool only 13, 15, whatever it is. We're there, elected representatives stand on one of the greatest challenges of our child. Go tell me the Democratic Party is going to get some backbone. I'm going to get some balls. Wouldn't that be an avoli, huh? Oh, my God. Waking up the 50th of Zoom. I hate you. Go, go, go, search. Go, jump, lands. Go, go, you dance. Go, stretch. Two seven. You rehearse. Three, two, three, four. He's president of the school Brave Hollywood muscle And in our team in the city of I don't know why They are all in one to never know He's here Where's the one to make for you? Sir, with president of the school Oh, what I get to go No more one's more And get to go It's more alive Here you are, this Don't know the limits From the stupidity Don't go home And this drug in rich debt Don't go home Easy then No more than me Who's the president of the school You don't care what it is You got on the invite A firm drug Oh Chris Oh it's no more special You and I have a health home We've got a great leader here With president dumb In terms of bad Women in the master Where's that stick? Try to some prayer. Yeah. But you're a law,malatta be ready today. Go tell him for what he's done. When it's time to punch up the other pain you'll be free But you're bad sure, all the music is fine I want you to find me, find out, you're my beautiful I want you to keep on very high You're a young guy, you're a country I want you to find me, find out, you're my beautiful If you're far you'll be found out, you're the best of you I'll be a couple of times, you'll be a couple of times If you're the biggest, I'll be a couple of times You're a country, you're a country, you're a country Don't let the shit be a grace, you're a poor guy And I hope that the death of the fuck you said You want to know, you'll have done so well You're a country, you're a country, you're a country You're a country, you're a country, you're a country I hope that the hell you can't delay I can't feel the fire, you're a people, don't think what you call I haven't got the power, haven't got the power I don't feel the fire, haven't got the power I don't think that everything was right Everything was right Find me, find it, hell, I don't think that everything was right We're a couple, we're a couple We're a couple, we're a couple We're a couple, we're a couple We're a couple, we're a couple We're a couple, we're a couple We're a couple, we're a couple We're a couple, we're a couple We're a couple, we're a couple We're a couple, we're a couple We're a couple, we're a couple We're a couple, we're a couple We're a couple, we're a couple We're a couple, we're a couple We're a couple, we're a couple We're a couple, we're a couple We're a couple, we're a couple We're a couple, we're a couple We're a couple, we're a couple We're a couple, we're a couple We're a couple, we're a couple Almost 30 years later, and here we're going through the same crap I'm turning me, it's like dizzy, we'll all over again man Lucy, Lucy, anyway, we got the 650 votes in the pool, how do you like that? The Vatican didn't know that former Warsaw Archbishop had spied for Poland's former Communist regime. When Pope Benedict XVI was a fancy, fancy, fancy red shoes nominated in my smoth, a senior partner was quoted as saying yesterday Didn't know he had spied Archbishop's status, status law, wieldos Resigned on Sunday after many collaborating with Poland's communist secret police Conbacter, the Vatican stopped spokesmen of the house on Sunday Had gravely compromised as a authority, just like Didlin with little boys, with altar boys Benedict had defended wieldos and the face of a rising tide of allegations And the Vatican said on the statement last months, and taken his past into account When he elevated the former bishop of Plac to the prestigious post While Plac him. But Cardinals Giovanni Batista Ray, who had the Conviation for bishops. The powerful department, which decides the future careers of aspiring churchmen said, the Vatican did not know the truth about Vielguss. Just like they don't know the truth about Jesus and about the child Ballasting priest and any of these things. And about all that money you never stole from the Vatican Bank, they don't know not. They didn't do not. When my senior wieldos was nominated, we didn't know anything about his collaboration with the secret services. But T.C.A. was quoted saying, and it lees, Codieda del Asad a newspaper. Codieda del Asad. I just like saying that it rolls off my tongue. Just like the delicious Italian food. The real Italian cuisine in Italy. Not in some place where they open up a can of prefabricated sauce. Sauce in a can. You ever have sauce in the can? Yes, oh there's this one. It must be something important. The aim is never with some properties. And a nice plant. Oh. Mr. Lector. The same way you piece. Oh. The same way you piece. Oh. The same way you piece. Oh. The same way you piece. Oh. The same way you piece. Oh. The same way you piece. The same way you piece. The same way you piece. The same way you piece. The same way you piece. The same way you piece. The same way you piece. The same way you piece. The same way you piece. The same way you piece. Mr. Lector. I've got to ask. How do you eat things through that funky mass? It's delicious. You can't move your job. The first can of all the beers. The same way you piece. The same way you piece. I wish I saw you pay up is it I'll see you travel call on me That's clear in the under next grade Just remember you got to say Wow, what's that filthy thing you just send me on my out? I'll look at your spruce. Oh, tell y'all funny thing What was it a funny thing? I put a little video Oh, if it's a funny thing who'd out here? It's put on my call What's he call? I don't know Lumbered com couple replace the political way Roll plays whatever they're playing right Looks like somebody was playing with it. 600 32 votes on a poll about the micepace.com And I'm getting several messages on there from like real living and breathing people Which kind of encourages me? I mean see I can I can be on it as much or a little as possible You know that's right I can be on it Uh as little or as much as possible. I'm gonna be as little as much Which is why we moved certain things on it. Yeah, I was saying it's like neurotic Repetition Get to break a quint back on it, which I didn't at the early a boxer short debating suit Very land. There was a former CBS 60 minutes producer in journalist with time life author of the web of the seat The history of Western complicit in Iraq from Churchill the Kennedy and George W. Bush and he writes this article on Tom paid.com Did Sodom die for our sins? The disappearance of Sodom was saying means that a lot of current and former top officials in the US and other Western governments can breathe easier The story of the West Composity and many of the terrorist most horrific crimes are remain untooled at least by the one man who could have spelled it that most clearly The purpose of the special Iraqi tribunal was supposedly like the Nuremberg trial to educate Iraqis in the world about Sodom and his barborus regime That at least was deficient But the crime for which Sodom paid with his life the torture Mexican 1848 men and boys from the town of Dujael was a travel compared to the new faders far more vicious acts On the other hand no foreigners replicated those killings which is just with the Americans who set up and rode hurt on the tribunal hand in mind In fact, one of the regulations of the tribunal constantly overlooked is that only Iraqi citizens and residents can be charged with crimes before that court Four leaders in businessmen certainly had a hand by omission and commission in the second case, which is not continuing without Sodom the charges against him have been dropped It's kind of as in drop dead It's based on the charge that he and his loutens carried out the genocidal slaughter of tens of thousands of Iraqi curds in late 1960s Which includes the gassing of men 80s men women and children With a key actor missing the travel and I'll lose all interests for the outside world and even for most Iraqis But the damning fact is as Sodom forces were carrying out their liquidation of the curds American officials from the Reagan and George Herbert Walker Bush administration blocked the tent to the US Congress and the UN to condemn the Iraqi terror They had similarly squelched earlier efforts to condemn Sodom first chemical attacks against Iranian troops US officials not are what claimed that no specific knowledge of Sodom's ruthless attacks but refused to even meet with curders leaders with first-end evidence of Sodom's Barbourities Sodom had been America's de facto ally and what would become a bloody eight-year war against comeneys Iran The United States fed the configuration providing billion dollar loans weapons and satellite until just then Laboli Iraqis to precisely target Iranian troops with chemical weapons Aronically even after the war ended the bush White House with its eyes fixed on Iraq's huge petroleum deposits and potential markets Continued to defend and push trade with Sodom's regime In fact according to a memo written by Alexander Hague one Reagan's crazy secretary of state It was the Carter White House in 80 which encouraged Iraq via the Saudis to invade Iran in the first place Since Jimmy Carter has always denied that charge it would have been interesting to hear Sodom expound on the issue Iran had originally requested that Sodom's invasion of Iran which led to the deaths of more than a million people on both sides Also be considered one of the crimes by the tribunal and that request was turned down On the other hand tribunal officials had indicated that one of the major atrocities that would be dealt with was Sodom's slaughter of tens possibly hundreds of thousands of Shiites in seven Iraq Following their uprising in 1991 They were asking repeated public calls for rebellion by President George Herbert Walker bush They didn't realize that Bush and his pragmatic secretary of state James Baker didn't really mean it When it looked as if the insurgents might actually succeed the American president turned his back The White House and its allies wanted Sodom replaced up by a popular revolt which they couldn't control but by a military leader more amenable to US interests So as the US permitted Sodom's attack helicopters to disemmate the rebels American troops just a few kilometers away from the slaughter Order to destroy huge stocks of captured weapons rather than let them fall into rebel hands How enlightening it would have been to hear Sodom recount his feeling of relief when he realized that President Bush pair was actually going to help him stay in power Forget the trial what if instead of the special tribunal or along with it Iraq had established a truth commission such as South Africa did following the fall of our part-time Side of might have explained what to great affect us US diplomacy was responsible for is concluding that there would be no reaction from Washington If you were to invade Kuwait in 1990 It would have been equally intriguing to hear Sodom expound in his relations with The French who sold a dictator in nuclear reactor in the 70s that was clear he was after WMD or what about Sodom's views of the German government's East and West who closed their eyes And scores a German industry also helps Sodom build his chemical arsenal Sodom might have had a few words to say about the British under Margaret Thatsher who were equally eager to cash in on the Iraqi arms Vananza factures son included Or we could have gone back to the beginning to the charge that the CIA was involved in organizing the first act that brought Sodom into the limelight His participation in the box 58 assassination attempt against Iraqi president Kasim would prove to nationalistic and close to the Soviets For American and British Cold War tastes No, not to worry there'll be nothing embarrassing out of Sodom. No, not since his next step as he plunged through the trapdoor and Baghdad Unless some highly managed to write or transcribe his memoirs now that thought might still make for a few sleepless nights There it is 638 votes on the pool And Monday I Martin Luther King damn gonna be off that day, but it's a damn good thing I saw that this more because it you know Unfortunately It's one of those holidays that because of the racial thing because it's a racist bigoted country It's like not the fourth in July or like even president's day Which used to be George Washington's birthday in eight-foot and now it's just president's day because they don't want to give us too many damn holidays That's right. Well screw them So anyway being you know lazy like I am and also since Joe Bell is a jackass and treating us in the show like garbage I'm gonna and I'm entitled you know and you're entitled to if you wanted to but you won't I work because otherwise he might talk behind your back See there's a lot of talk in behind a lot of backs Let's wait a jays in the back stabber come right on lunch. That's all you to you got it Not that's a whole thing the whole thing. That's just by little of you guy if you got it if you got a smoke and baby All right, I love it. Oh jays were good. Yes, oh jays bad but the oh jays were good. Yes That was just for sandy claws oh just weren't I know tell where they know that we're not I think we're on ABC curamont but I look it up Where the hell am I gonna look at that line where I look at the book It's in the book You got time Long talk Talk to what the report and the loss But you can hear by the drum begin See the oh jays one too many yeah, I know somebody I want too many Don't be drinking and driving Jacob. Come on Let's see on a see you'll have for the oh jays. They were on filling out few records. I never could have sort of that I never heard no feel the golfier record did you? No, but I'm not like up to date on the record labels like I am like you and Boca Brian and stuff Well, and that goes with the territory of being the old farce back when we had records see now They got like cd's who now looks at the label as a CD for the boys They tolerated now see used to mean something and now it's EMI capital blah blah blah It's exactly right. It's either blah blah or it's like that Just like that, which reminds me about the knees pop fan. It makes me want to vomit up those a we need pretty good lunch by the way That's good for the diet though. Just have the two we need for lunch Of course the only problem is if you go out right into a clock and get like ice cream and stuff Okay No I'm beautiful I'm beautiful Dad, night When she turned off all the light There's no place where she could hide On the road Oh, she was gonna get hurt Oh, she went out to kill her Oh, she went out to kill her Oh, she went out to kill her Oh, she went out to kill her What? Oh, she went out to kill her That night One day The jury's not as bad Three o'clock day We know we've got to head your way Oh, yes Roochie gonna get down Oh, she's gonna get down Oh, she's gonna come back for you And then you'll get away with that thought too Oh, yes Roochie gonna get down Oh, she's gonna get down Oh, she's gonna get you Oh, she's gonna get you Oh, she's gonna get you Oh, yeah Oh, she's gonna get you Oh, she's gonna get you One night Oh, she's gonna get Oh, yes Oh, yes You can't be cool Oh, oh, yes Oh, yes Oh, yes Oh, yes Oh, yes one forty seven and five sixty i'm gonna tell you i love this my space uh-huh oh man we got a new friend on there's name is mad mat with one t he's twenty three and bokeh and that looks like the beast would they a clown off it on but when you look at people's friends yeah that's kind of fun sometimes oh yeah and if you look at mad now if you ever find him on there and you might want to scar cause there's some real interesting people the both sexes on there and i've made a friend of mad name mark who is twenty two in the delray beach who's a place soccer for university of florida where's number seventeen so he says and in marks pictures on here i mean i i'm just it takes a lot to give me like breathless you know i'm haha but when you view all of my friends and see all of our pictures you say to yourself oh my god what is this including one where he's like lying well i don't want to go through it i don't want so anyway not with one t great having you aboard but if you get your buddy uh... mark to be on our my space page i'd be forever and did it to you know i'd like send you ten dollars unlike that send you wouldn't nickel hey mark anyway and you know how everybody's got like some some catchy headline on the next of their picture you know like this and marks just is one word ballin so i'm twenty two year old going to college to get that degree i want to work with juveniles and be a mentor for them i love parting when i have free time i'm always a busy with my soccer i play for you and f number seventeen other things about me and then it says it's got ten m's like mmmm that's what i would say mark like that that's what i would say it says i want to borrow for a study abroad this summer and travel all over Europe it was effing awesome he says can't wait to find a right girl again and he sure got a bunch of money they might be the wrong way right when it a wrong one but he's got a bunch that you might be interested in you know just looking at this disproosing and then a picnic and choosing so that's it yeah i mean we have a lot of listeners out there but some of them have real hot looking friends pictures on this page are you like i said i might have to like let you do the last one oh yeah you can hold out you can hold out just amazing i'm holding it out right now as a matter of fact put back wow speaking of shot him eric margola see how quick i get off of that crap and it's probably good thing just as well hey mark anyway hold us mark twenty two nice legal age all the way around in delray beach well actually it says delray beach slash jackson bill what does that mean i don't know maybe he commutes but goes to you when f what is you when it is that is not university of florida's that's something else whoever it says you went f is what is you went f hmm Chris i have never heard of it so i'll look it up how they think i look it up if you find it will be uh could that's not florida nobody refers to me you have would be not you went f university in north florida is there such a thing i've ever heard of it but maybe it's in Jacksonville would try to cope with it it's in northern florida well like i said he goes to northern florida so he's from delray beach by way of Jacksonville probably pretty lonely up there in Jacksonville although not for guy who looks like that with a body like that but anyway eric margola's rights lynching world help us anyway the bumbag of cedum's rather execution hurts america's reputation just wanted to seem that she needs bush administration couldn't raga america's reputation a law or it did the u.s. is now being revoked around the globe for delivering present sottom was saying to correct away she had lynch mob uh this was in the sunday's Toronto sun by the way watching and professor president i blame for this disgusting gruesome atrocity but sottom had been under u.s. guard the u.s. run prison the u.s. green zone what did u.s. officials think the mob of u.s. backs u.s. octaves intended to do with sottom give more parade the u.s. has already been heavily criticized for stage managing the kangaroo court that condemned sottom it was hurriedly executed for vett him from really feeling embarrassing details about the involvement sottom's crimes of the u.s. Britain and Arab oil monarchs ironically sottom's courage to digmin the on the gallows will reinforce his claim to martyrdom and make him the hero and death that he was not in life by contrast the u.s. news South Korean secretary general who was who she ordered to know office by Washington shamelessly supported sottom's execution even though the u.s. long opposed the death penalty and then i'll special start for a tinnitus man following this latest file a statement of national law and basic civilized behavior the bush chain administration is widely expected when on splanted to deploy another twenty thousand troops to Iraq this will be bush's petulant reply to the bipartisan and a rax study groups wise proposal that all u.s. combat forces withdraw from rack with an ear senior american generals charged with the racking including general john abysad general George kacy have openly disagree with bush's plans for a surge in u.s. troop deployment these evil officers told the media that they don't need more troops they warrant additional u.s. troops with the terror back shear regime from developing its own security forces and keep it dependent on the u.s.a these statements were shaker generals are not supposed to publicly disagree with a commander and chief general kacy's expected to be fired soon to replace by s. man general amazevis retelling early in discusses for in say good responsible presence no one listen to their generals and when to retreat from stalemated or lost wars if bush does send thousands more troops to rackably risking more american lives in a desperate 11th hour political gamble the show voters he has a new plan to resolve the horrible mess and a rocky created 20 or 30 thousand more u.s. troops joining the call to the barrack will make little military difference 150 thousand more might but the u.s.s. run out of soldiers senator john became the current republican presidential fart runner is joined bush and shaney emerging more troops we sent to a rack all three of clearly lost touch with reality and the nation's basic values call it sottoms curse to ziric margolis so mark in uh... where is he delray jackson will worry about he is let's go i'm gonna go find