I get in and hold it. Your evil parents and evil doer. You schmuck. Jim a grievey sex was bitter. That she never had a clue. Even in his body glitter. Dean and flames, he never knew she married a mate. Show and hold. You fair sex, you won't lie on me. He's a gay American. That's a boon. The dean, I. Never knew I could have loved he had his braille on him. Said she always loved the lishets. Huh? And everything was fine and bad. But she should have been suspicious. Sometimes the name may love you call the rich. She married a mate. Show and hold. Yes, sex, you won't lie on me. He's a gay American. And Dean, I. This should provide you all of your love, Barbara Stileset. When she told her brother story, how badly told he was gay. He seemed a bit of good for morey. All he thinks was the DNA. She married a mate. Show and hold. You, you, you, you, you fair. She won't lie on me. He's a gay American. All right. Dean, I. Now you know why he went camping with his close friends. And you married a mate. Show and hold. Sex, show and lie on me. He's a gay American. He's the best. Like he'd have been. Because he's a gay American. He put the Peter and Peter, I just pulled a Dan Stewart there. Not Dan Stewart, Chris Baker. Did you know Stewart? He's all where fly. You'll dead. No, actually I started talking. I had the mic off. Oh, I do that all the time. Oh, you really? Not by intent. No, I'm thinking of some music. It's a blogging music. Let's start playing it now. We only got an hour, 27 minutes. You gotta be kidding us, Neil. And guess what? I got the phone thing shut off. I'm not even looking at it. All right. When the day comes, that I do an hour and a half show. And I need to take any of these courseball phone calls. That'll be the day I say bye bye. Like Ricky Tickey says, oh, I speak to that tomorrow's his last day. You want him to call it? Of course. Like you said. Yeah. Won't that be special? Yes. Now he's not going to do that. Kissy Kissy. He does all the time. But he just he's obsessed with me. And this is a guy. Seriously, we're back in the beginning when I was at INZ. I wish I still had that clip or he said, it's just shock radio. Remember that? He hated what I was doing because I got off of that horrible. It's a lie. I am not a horrible old fashioned with the stupid old guests. Just their killer. You know, but of course these people, it was me. I don't know nothing. The night dog was right about that. And they posted a bunch of guests on him. Now he's numbers in the crowd for two. These people, whatever I say, if I said it's Thursday, they'll say, oh, it must be Monday. You know? It's not Monday. It must be Belgium or some crap like that. And that's because they're idiots. And they can be as dumb as they want to be. I don't care. And my checked into up a day early yesterday. Those who keep tracks. So the fact that I have this very serious gambling problem, according to half of it, us in lunatics and morons in the audience, I'm going off to wood by an 1130. I got my shirk on, I pantled on me, he's on, I got my shoes sitting right off here to the tide. And I'm ready to rock and roll baby, in our 26 minutes we'll be out of here. Marlins baseball, all the nearly huge numbers, especially with that exciting day of Ann Boer. And Foxy Raxi, with that squeaky, gully like voice. Okay, here's the full result for Mr. Gessby. We don't have time to dittle around too much here today. No, but let's do it anyway. And I was posted to say it's a very beginning because I was eye-ming with Brandon last 90s, we wanted I have for lunch. Although he knows that I was under a lot of stress at lunch. What are you laughing about? Oh, I, Chris is making a funny face. Yeah. Oh, man, I'm never going to be the same again. Well, I just had some interesting messages there. So I picked out, I had a bowl of creamer broccoli soup with some little cheddar cheese and it man was good. And I had, they bring you a big shallot, the cheese or shallot, long because I had, you're going to be very angry when I tell you what I had. And I had a huge meal of cheese. I had Penny Pasta with sausage and dessert. Oh, guy, I had a, huh? Keep going. The score Sunday for dessert. Oh, my God. I had one lot of there, but at least, at least to brought my, I don't know. I just did my food. Yeah, I don't know what to say. I just, let's get going. We don't have, I don't have a lot of food. Lot of yucks and lot of schmucks. 1668 votes on yesterday's pool. So all this crap, you know, we're still kicking the, Fanny old style. Remember, Fanny's farmer or farmer's fan? Sure. Man, candy, by the way, Fanny farmer. Goes to show you when you were a kid, your parents will feed you any kind of crap to think, hey, that's really good, my, my, my, my, Fanny farmer. Oh, brother. That's very big in the Northeast and upstate New York. It was big in Boston. I guess maybe their headquarters in Boston. You want to Google it? Okay, Fanny farmer candies Boston, very big. In fact, there's a Fanny farmer's tour on, I think, Washington Street in Boston, you know, the main, that, that, what? We're the Paul Rearhouse, is. Let's go see Paul Rear, the British are coming and boy, the boss, that's too happy about it. What? Well, I told you, when I say, I know my farmer's fanty, man, anyway, the apoliest, they were at 1688 votes. I'm the owner of an overactive sex drive, 381. Nothing wrong with that. Keep that baby going, man. Keep that's what the Lord put it there for and make it work. Make it work for you. Like that. Ba-lo, be selective. Ha-ha-ha. Ha-ha-ha. Ha-ha. Ha-ha. I'm never going to be the same. I just, my life has changed and not for the better either. Just, they're all wondering what am I talking about. Nothing that actually happened or is going to happen. Just a bizarre series of messages. Sex drive 381. Nothing overactive with me 242 people, whole year than all of us, but it was us. So I screwed up that's the third day and it's only the tenth of May. So seven days in May, remember that was that in movie, seven days in May? I don't remember. Yeah, or a book or something. Seven days in May, I've been perfect with an OSHA ever in the other three days. And yesterday was disaster. I mean, I'm not lying about it if I'm lying, you're dying. I'm an overactive craving for food to 125. That was yesterday, but I think it was, I think you get a free pass on that. If I could tell them the whole, which I won't. I'm the owner of an overactive fart maker, I'm 182. Imagination 145. Oh, that's most of you people, by the way. I love these people. I'll throw a little tip in on you. Oh, we know what you're talking about. We know you're a composite gambler. You lose in thousands. Yeah, whatever you say. You know, we do have a couple of compulsive gamblers on the radio station. I'm not one of them, but anyway. Order of an overactive bladder 141. Peanellot. Watch the nightly news. You'll have 500 commercials on there for the, for the pills that stop you from peeing so much. Overactive bowel 77, sweat glands 74, mental disorder 46, nervous system 38, impulse to car radio of talk shows with nothing to say 34, even legendary talk shows like this one. Paranoia 30, 30. But 30 man. There's 29. I got my assuming that's for, I don't know. I mean, what does that mean overactive high? I don't know. Yeah, that is him booze. Maybe he have diabetes. Hypochondria for take this. He's in them all with saying, I'm tired on the hand. And thyroid 10. What's nice to see thyroid bringing up the rear of pharmacy that farmer's family. Have you ever had family farmer chocolates? I'm sure I must have. They're like industrial strength. They're very right. And you know what other candy is really bad. Whitman's sampler. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Like you buy him in the wall. Mushy. Yeah. And right exactly. Nothing worse than mushy candy man. Yeah. Let's talk about those things. He's a day number four perfect thatkins for me so far. Excellent. Let's share for George. He's doing the actions. I'm tripping. I think if you got an message as I did, you probably would have gone off. Ah, yeah. I ought to vomit. So I would have lost even more weight. Now, you know what I said? I didn't tell anybody about that, right? Except everybody I know. Well, what would you expect? I mean, you know, you come up with some things like that. A boulder, uh, Colorado high school is locked down. I have it a heavy. The kids aren't in there. Just the staff and administrative faculty and above whatever they call that. But anyway, it's on lockdown. There's some suspicious incidents in boulder Colorado. They showed all the swat team running in there. Who knows what's going on? They found some suspicious light powder on the aback board. It was called chalk. But nevertheless, there's something going on there. Here's the, uh, pulled today. We only got an hour and twenty-one minutes and then it'll be Marlins baseball, baby. What do we got after the Marlins today? We got, uh, oh, wow, wow. Oh, no, no wait a minute. Huh? Look at this schedule. I'm watching. Look at this schedule. I'm looking. Beast 330 to seven. After the ballgame. And then Hank 4 to 7. What are they going to do? Silly. I got a correction. Oh, I don't. Okay, yeah, 3.30. And then Hank 4 to 7. Oh, 3.30 to 4 of the beast. So Hank couldn't work the extra half hour. Come on, hopper. We'll work off a few calories for a chrono-low fatso. No, we're trying to keep him alive. So desperately. No, I realize you can't do it because you failed so many times. Right. I mean, I tried everything. You tell me something that, you know, that I can try that's locked down. Yeah. The only thing we just do is work this up. Two master men entering the school. They're in Boulder. They just put that on CNN. Two master men. Oh, I sure hope it wasn't Batman and Robin. If it was Robin, maybe I can catch a little something. Anyway, 685 votes on the pool. Who is the most obsessed? I like this pool. Just fine. Who's this from? Is this Charlie Beagan? Well, that must be hard. No, actually it's. No, this is the one from Sean. Thank you, Sean. It is a good one. That's at least give Sean a credit where credit is true. It's 85. They will never get to a thousand by one and 30 even Chris knows that. Don't you correct? And doesn't care either. Oh, no. What's the deal with the food? Oh, that was yesterday. Right. Chick-fil-A came in. Yeah, they did. Very nice. Fine. They're grand opening of that. Here. I'm not saying to the rest. It's not a fish. I've never had it. It's very good. I wonder if we have Chick-fil-A here. I think we'll try to do it in the middle. I'm on the food court. I think there's a chick who's getting filayed or just laid. What's the situation in the P.S. Why would you do it? There's nothing more of nauseous than it. I'm not just a new worker and we apologize for the redundancy. 128. Jews about Israel 122. Jews. What'd you think? Oh, I see. Lou Dobbs about illegal immigration only 40. Oh, he ought to be doing better than that. He's, that's what I voted for as a matter of. Sex is the understatement of century. Richard Melons gave about the Clinton's 23. gay men, Judy Garland 11. ML Gibson about the Jews eight. That's pretty good pull or there's some other things that could be on it. How about near around here's in Brady Quinn? Put that on there. You know, I can take the shots and bother me. Hey Brady. Pretty what a shame. Who's this? So I goof all Mormony, bro. Let's go to back John back. Is that the guy's name Chris? John back? Yes. Well, who the hell have I heard of him? Rimes with Drek? 12 minutes after 10 a.m. an hour, 20 minutes away from the first one on the pregame. I'm sure. I'll keep carry it away now. So the beast 330 to four, humble four to seven, who he came hotline seven eight. Any interest in that? No. And Jimmy Siffle is eight to 10 tonight. All right. Now is that his first sworn station Chris? I'm going to say yes. Since a bandeting those losers across the street Jimmy Siffle is eight to ten. And then game that with it, a K ten till one a m. No. No, no, no, no. No, no, no. They see they'll keep up all their injuries. Until they expose all the secret seeds. Don't they're not hearing what they want to hear? There's no one talks while under open air. Is it true the FBI know about the threats? Oh, see I make judgments that they now regret. T-T-T-R-R is a foul. Oh, see we just need more answers from them. And who's keeping it to know? We need to know. What bush? Who about 911? We need to know. We need to know. Or it's a know. What bush? Who about 911? We need to know. Is it interesting? It's really taken what like five and a half years before their finally sent. Oh, you know, we think maybe they knew something. Maybe this was an inside job. Maybe this was a band healed gone bad between the bushes and the bin Laden. Maybe this was all a set up deal by the projects with the American centuries so that we could go into Iraq and just raped the name country and the pillage and loot and kill and etc. All these things. 721 on the pool I've already got six votes. The arages of sex with Brady Quinn's got six votes. And I readly admit, I confess to that just like I confess to my very bad game and clean purple. Oh man, so many agile and so little time. It's just amazing to me. There's so many idiots out there. And also, but I did confess about my grotesque lunch yesterday. Certainly didn't need dessert. Well, what I need dessert for? I guess that was just to make the cheese more binding. I guess just to put you over the top. And you know, I asked for some parmesan cheese for my penny pasta and my with sausage, which was pretty good. And she come and the waitress goes away for a second and she comes back and she brings one of those cheese graders, you know? Okay. And this is an Adele. I mean, so it's an okay place. But and she's grading this thing. She's twisting the thing and like a little bit of cheese is pushing on there. A little time and I find it said, okay, that's good. Get out of here. Bitch. Jesus God, I might just bring me like a thing, you know, like a sugar bowl. Right? You know, looking at real attention, you're restaurant. I mean, in a real fancy gourmet Italian, they bring in they do that like she was doing, but they give you a plenty. You know, they didn't know how to grade it. It wasn't so great. Lots to do that. Little tiny tidbits of cheese. Yeah, I needed the extra cheese. Speaking of that, hundreds of homeless people in Nashville ate well last night, all in the name of a man who the state put to that just hours before his last words were, I'm dying of the hair. Philip workman 53 requested that his final meal be a vegetarian pizza. A vegetarian pizza donated to any homeless person located in a riverbed, maximum security institution. He was executed there at two o'clock Wednesday morning. But first of the officials refuse to honor his request saying they don't donate to charities that apparently upset a few people living the pay for and deliver a lot of pies themselves. I'll ride. Humbna shutters across Nashville where inundated with donated pizzas all day yesterday. I was like, wow, Jesus said Marvin Champion and Employee of Nashville's rescue mission which provides overnight shelter food and assistance to more than 800 homeless people in life. You know, if Jesus ordered pizzas, what was you, W. W. J. E. What was Jesus? I'm sure it would be kosher. I'm thinking not peppy, ruining man. No real, right. And certainly not peppy, we're not, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, he's just very, very brave. Jesus was very firm as they say. It would just have Jesus. Jesus. Yeah, too much Jesus for Jesus. And that's not a bad idea. Let's open up a company called Jesus. Jesus Christ will be blessed. I used to be homeless so I know how tough it gets at Marvin. I've seen some bad times having not enough food, the cupboards are bare, but we got pizza to feed enough people for a while. He said, this really shows the people here that someone out there thought of them. Donna Spangler heard about workmen's request and immediately called her friends. They all pitched in for the $1,200 bill to buy 150 pizzas which they sent to the rescue mission, Philip Orton was trying to do a good deed. Nobody would help him. Said the 50, but I have your older recruited the coworker to help her make the massive blurry last night. I knew my husband went up a heart attack. I put some of it on the credit card. She said, but I thought, we'll find a way to pay for them later. I just felt like I had to do something positive. Some vegetarian pies. Spangler wasn't the only person to place an order in workman's name. The president of Pita. All I knew, how did I knew I was. So is that right about the vegetarian pie? I thought, Pita? Yeah. Pita the tweeter. We're at a new story about the president of nine we inmates last requested order 15 fatigued pies sent to the rescue mission this morning. Well, they're probably jumping on them right now because it's like 9, 12, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9. Even just love Nashville. Not workman's act was selfless and kindness to all living beings. As a virtue said, Pita is president, Ingrid, New Kirk. My senior junior senior high school history teachers, they were Bill New Kirk, New key. And New key. Where is Namal? He's good guy. Kind of a goofball. It's always been when you got a teacher who's kind of a goofball. Yeah. We're bucketing mag grades. I mean, they just didn't care. Not far away. 17 pieces arrived at Nashville's Oasis said, we're sure that it helps about 260 teenagers and crisis. My nine o'clock last night, would you say more pizzas hit a rod said executive director, how Kato, I wonder if he knows OJ? We talked to the kids and by the way, I wonder, OJ would have been allowed in the to pieces. They'd have kicked his ass out and rightfully so. And anybody gives me flack about that guy kicking him out of the restaurant, picking in my restaurant, I'd kick his nasty ass out of there too, right now. Not far away, 17 pieces arrived at Nashville's Oasis said, we're sure that it helps about 260 teenagers and crisis by nine last night, more hit a rod. I just got through Internet sentence. We talked to the kids, they understand what this is tied to, and they know that this man is working to model something to pull it out the problems of homelessness. Let's feed the homeless pizza. When workman robbed a Wendy's in Memphis, 10 to see an 81, he was a strong out cocaine addict looking for a way to pay for his next time. He was homeless at the time. It was convicted of shooting and killing Memphis police who sent a wrong Oliver during the robbery. I wonder if he was Kimed a Murray Oliver used to play for the Leafs. Many of the pieces ordered workmen's neighborhood liberty nonlessly, but the first 17 of the waste of center came from a Minneapolis Minnesota radio station at the voted much of its morning showed time talking about workmen's request. Can you believe Kenny got called on the Carpillist if you're not talking about sports? If there's any problem on it, show it's too much sports. I know you do agree with me. Well, we don't know anything, see. Anyway, Kate was as he plans to call other homeless shelters in Nashville, and they ensured the pies. They should be able to benefit from this too. Well, hurry up and share them because otherwise even if he just reheated, they're going to start a little crusty and musty like those ones in Amsterdam that have been sitting in the window for the last five years. It's a story of a guy who's at a certain time like a Brady family. It's a story of a guy who's execution translated into a general sacked. He said, it's people don't eat other people they don't know. It's about a group of people who society often writes out, getting a pizza party today. And then they'll go back and sleep on the street and you know, in the winter time, they'll freeze to death and we'll say, yeah, but they sure love their pizza, maybe after we had a good time. And then you know, we could play good time. You hate that. Yeah, 749 on the pool. You know, something we might actually get the 1000 by 2 o'clock. Of course, we won't be here. If you're just tuning in, we're out here at 11 30. Don't play us. It's not we're trying to be slackers or anything like that. They're trying to like, you know, punch out early. It's just that we got that ball game. You know, give me the ball, give me the ball. And on QAN and across the street, anything that's got to do with Josh fans and guys slap and he said, on the ass. That's what's more important than baby. Yeah, don't you make any mistake. And here's a classic proof. I have time to make. Yeah, I have time for this. That if you mess with the government, they're going to come back and mess with you in America. That's the America. That's the fastest American effinway. Academy award winning filmmaker, Michael Moore's under investigation by the West Treasury Department for taking A-Ling, September 11th, rescue workers to Cuba for a segment in his upcoming health care documentary, SICO, the AP is learned. SICO promises to take the health care industry to test the way more confronted America's passion for guns and bullying for combat and skewered Bush over his handling of 9, 11 and Fahrenheit 911. The Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Answers controlled notified more and a later dated May 2 that was conducting a civil investigation for possible violations of the West Trade embargo, we stick to you and travel to Cuba. Well, HUBBEN MENDRARE, it okay to the damn threat for Treasury Department. A copy of letter was obtained by the AP of this week. The office has no record that a specific license was issued authorizing you to engage in travel related transactions involving Cuba. The Al-Tomsson, O-FAC chief of General Investigations wrote a letter to Michael Moore, and February more took about 10 A-Ling workers from the ground zero West U effort in Manhattan for achieving in Cuba. The person working with a filmmaker on a release of SICO, released the information across the anonymity because Moore's attorneys haven't determined yet how to respond. Moore declined to comment. After receiving letter, Moore rains to place a copy of the film and a safe house outside the country to protect it from government interference. See, they're trying to mess with it and they don't want to see anything that's written on the way. But to fascist best start-ups, Matt, enough to really trust you off, let the make us stay on here until 2 o'clock this afternoon, but we won't. Because at 1130, maybe we're going to be out of here fast. That's not that. That's not that. Not healing that. False. There's small tearing and there's just plain little smalls. Holy, my wine. I love that. I just love that scene. I mean, it's not like right. Who can swing over the wood river and take a tea? Spider-man. Spider-man. Yes, Spider-man. Spider-man. I'm building in a rain making up with Mary Jane, who's out of the lowest way. Who can hang upside down? Wow, he's blowing his water. Wow, he's blowing his water. Finishing his pork fried rice. Sometimes I'm throwing up my... Spider-man. Yes, Spider-man. Yes, Spider-man. Yes, Spider-man. Can't keep it complete to the rain, but somehow he will say that he thinks I still got the endry. Back from 23, above us, there'll be a problem. Make free 100 million. New on here, out of billions. Oracle, you're all bustling in. Yes, come on, beg out with us. Something about once. Peter Parker, dear Parker, dear. And man, and better want to destroy the blue and red of Spider-man. Spider-man. Oh, but Spider-man can't. Spider-man can't. Phil, they have a dance using justice for his sense. This is like it's really intense. Oh, Gick's one coast to coat. Loved this guy to love. Dress up in this body costume. Here. In a little basement bedroom. Oh, yeah, they meant sniffing exhaust beer. That's good, isn't it? Oh, and this can't get one bill made. Hail the building. And it's shiny time. And shiny time. Spider-man. Spider-man. Does whatever a spider can he spider-man. If so, where the game size gets you, jump like a magic spider-man. He's Spider-man. Look out. Here comes the spider-man. He did. Oh, man. It was you all in so well to the last part there. I guess you know, little campy. I was just thinking and fantasizing while I think was planned. Yeah, about currents and joys. Oh, I hate to require. Tie to a chair with a rubber ball in there, mouth like in somebody's garage. All right, and carbon dioxide with a door close. Of course, and carbon dioxide fumes just pouring out of some beetle gelapy. Okay, a wonderful fantasy man. 768 votes on the pole and man. I'm moving up the list. I'm so proud of myself. Who is the most obsessed human Americans with the Del Castro 393? Comedy stuff. Come on,ista. Come on,ista. New Yorkers with anything New York covered in 40. Jews with Israel 130. Lou Dobbs, a legal immigration only 44. He should be normal. Maybe they don't know who the hell Lou Dobbs is. You think our audience listen to them? I'll just see you know. No. Nobody under 100 does accept you and me. That's right. And I'm getting close. Richard Malon's came for the Clintons 25. He's obsessed with the Clintons. In the evil way. New Rogers and Brady Quinn 14 from nothing to 14 in two Shakespeare's Asis tale. I thought something. Game men with Judy Garland's figuring out as 13 and Mel Gibson with the Jews nine. 771. I'm pretty proud of that. Total. It's not too bad considering we only got an hour and a half show today. Now I don't think that this is um I mean, it's much of that love this. Which one's going to be a man or something? One kid is free. Saturday. Saturday. Saturday. Saturday. Saturday. Oh, it's awesome. I don't know if you're not the whole wedding period. For your father, for your father. What is it about that movie, man? It's perfect. That's what. Is it they it's a masterpiece. They did everything right. You know, maybe not on purpose. And if you take the original god, I don't want to say godfather one because in somebody will say I don't know. There we go. Godfather one just called the godfather. Well, the first one, okay. Right. There is nothing you can criticize. There are no dead spots, no bad scenes, no there's a lot of dead spots. But that's what. Well, yeah. In a good way, right. Right. There's nothing like being dead in a good way. I like that. Like my mother for example, she was dead in a good way. Is that a bad thing to say? Whatever. Oh, you're so insensitive. Maybe even go to his mother's funeral. He's such a bastard. Such a cool, hard and fast. I'm a warm fuzzy and I'm adorable too. That's right. Even George says I'm adorable. Cute as a bug's butt. Right. Oh, I think maybe this will be the closing at 11.30. No, this is what is this? Godfather? No, but it's part. This is the godfather's walls. What's all this adds? 3.38. Which is kind of great. Well, I see I think it's going to start that and I do a little Karen teller or something here. This sounds like something you eat. Anything in Italy that sounds like that. Oh. Yeah. This is a sound like they all, there's a whole bunch of these. It all sound the same. But you're here, kiddo. You see any here how the trampolids. Sure. It's quivering and shivering a little bit there. Shivering a timbers man. Here we go. We're the bunch of dangerous grisballs. Here, come. Yeah. There's a man who's in. Oh, I'm on with you now. Oh, yeah. How? Keep climbing. Yeah, I don't do just fine. Do you think? Yeah. I like it. It'll be just fine. Although I wonder how it ends. Well, I don't. Well, you also think if I go to the next one and I go back, the next cut you understand and I grew up a little bit. And we found that. I got to go to the beach for the back time and put it to the beach. Got you sure. I'll basically go out of time and go to the mall and have. I have no cool man. Or if they just to fade out. So I'll just start it a little, little late. Better late than never. Okay. We got 783 on that pool. Some bad news and Wow. Freakyish conversion of natural forces scores a wildfire is burning across the state plus and or on by the way, the jackass that called two days ago that storm up there that disturbance the first name. Yeah. It's not going anywhere near you guys. I know. Scores a wildfire is burning across the state plus and early some tropical storm in the Atlantic. We'll likely keep south over to close to a yellowish smokey pole until the weekend with everybody said. Ooh, bad air. And guess where that for different than for that for this summer? Like blackout days when the air is smog is going to be so thick. Guess where they were predicting that on the news here yesterday. Not for Toronto. Yeah. Ooh. Like you get up. But if they say you wake up and it's too many afternoon and you think it's like seven in a morning. Because it's still like pitch black outside. Oh, and to the world. The smoke was sticking out yesterday to post the air quality index and broward into the unhealthy range, prompting a warning for resistance to limit after activities, especially the elderly children and those with respiratory problems. As soon as I left the house at 6.30 a.m. I smelled the fire said meribil fields of pepper pines and outreach manager for the Broward County air quality division. You can't complain about the air quality and broward because there isn't any. Although Palm Beach County's air quality readings weren't quite as bad officials order the same advice. This is from a burning. So I tell people to be very careful. So careful said Robert Moskovitz sounds very Jewish to me and environmental specialists with the Palm Beach County Department of Health. You know, all these names that we've eaten these stories that I read. You know, how many Jewish names there? I think there's like a billion Jews and we just keep it a secret. That must be it because the Arabs are good. I've said I don't know. They're awful lot of Jews. The air condition is really result of more than 80,000 acres burning statewide and wins from some primal storm and we are pushing the smoke in this direction. I'm praying for rain. So Governor Charlie Chris who spends a lot of time on his knees. He took a helicopter to yesterday of fire is drinking areas. You're a governor Charlie. He just cracks me up. I mean, I don't know if he's a good guy or bad guy. Certainly got to be an improvement over his fan asked predecessor. That's for them. I mean, so with anything. So with no governor would be better than that governor that wildly popular Gembadiah. Chris said 225 turning almost 125 square miles were a blazed statewide. A Florida's burning man is absolutely Buh, me, me. Like the governor. Maybe that's maybe there's a connection there. You think? Maybe the Lord knows the governor is a fact and as result the whole state's going to be flaming soon. We hope not. The one most affecting South Florida covered almost 16,000 acres in the Pickey units. What is it? Pickey units, Strand State, Forrest and Calier County. Wow. That's because the winds are pushing it toward the East Coast, Melissa Unis, folks woman for the state division of forest we said. Because of that fire alligator alley between four Lododale and Naples was close from 830 to 130 yesterday. The F8, Phoebe Sand. Because of the smoke has inspired public schools cancel law spring football practice yesterday. And the middle school flag a flag football game schedule for last night. Browd County athletic association all star football game was supposed to be played at Cooper City Highway Scheduleville 7 o'clock tonight. I sure don't want to miss that. Nothing like those softballs. Fires burning in north and central Florida led Browd schools to a definitely suspend field trip to the Cannabis face center say, obviously in Jacksonville. Well, who wants to go to any of those places anyway? Although no wildfires broke out in Palm Beach Browd to date on Wednesday smoke from his farways. The pan handle has locked it this far south all brother. You can just kind of smell it. So there you go. Not another good reason not to be there. But I don't want to get anybody depressed to just go. Goes with the territory. This places with earthquakes and mudslides and stuff like that. No places perfect. No places paradise. You know what I'm saying? Some people think they're imparidized and then they just get sent away. By the way, hope you're having a wonderful day Moe. Go outside and then hear a lot of those fumes. 7 97. If I maybe we'll just tie up a clearance and joys outside and they can then hear all the burning fumes instead. Go warn about the color of my ears. I'm in jail. Harris you dropped a soap. Take it up. The fish are nice but there is. It seems to have a good color. You're in a full. So it looks like you really do die your hair, Paris. Your curtains don't match your rage. Really rude. One more person I think I'm going to get up and walk along. And that's what we do. We're going to see blood. It's parasolton in the not so simple way. It looks like there is actually a we're going to try it up and stuff. Don't be less full lost out with sad life. It's just where she belongs in a filthy Lesbow locked down. 10 46 we're with her man. They can have a whip up a really wild time. 804 on the pool man. I love that. Aren't you impressed Chris? I'd be like doing little tap dance in his pants. And I'm impressed by the fact that we're getting out of here in 40 or four minutes. I'm telling you understand that we're trying to like screw off or avoid doing our best to do our duty like a good scout. But that's what they tell us. This is I think this is the only day of the year that we have this early of an accident. How do we call ever having a new game to you? No. I mean sure we must have once upon a time. You're a miracle but I don't recall it. But then again I'm old and see now in people. Here's a fact from a channel 7hator and there's a lot of company. Oh and a person that says putting the oranges on the pool of cests with WNO chance. I mean anybody with a brain is obsessed with WNO very negative way. So see the idea of the pool today is it speaks for itself. Stupid. Anyway the channel 7hator says I foot by channel 7 news last night and there they were on the beach in Jacksonville talking up a storm about the storm. And of course we know it because that's a part of the course in South Florida anything that's going on with an apron in miles. Amen. It says unbelievable. Try to cause a panic about nothing. Spilky's Naree is a guy in drag says the channel 7hator. I could be. I know I get spilky's when I see it. Whatever it is. 804 on the floor I'm moving up nicely. I'm climbing like not that I'm a any danger to those top three choices there but I could come in a respectable fourth by the time all of a sudden done. You know what I mean by time everybody gets done. 807 I got the knee arroggies obsessed with pretty quint. 26 vote. I'll ride and I am obsessed and proud of it and fate by don't like it too bad. I saw him first. Pope Benedict the 16th city yesterday the supporters. Oh I'm sorry he supports excommunication for politicians who back Mexico cities decision legalize abortion giving a strong message about court church teachings as a start of his first trip to Latin America's planet this far business Nazi Pope with the little red shoes he looks so cute. He's adorable. Church and teaching calls for automatic excommunication for anyone who has an abortion in Mexico city where abortion was legalized during the first 12 weeks of pregnancy. Church officials have said that doctors nurses who performed a procedure as well as lawmaker's supported legalization would also be excommunicated. You're going to burn and hell that's right. That's the church for it. Maybe they get very angry just like the Lord they get pissed off. Right. The power of Christopal you the power of Christ of Andrew. Yeah. The power of Christ of Andrew. Huh? The power of Christ of Christ of Andrew. No. Hoo. The power of Christ represents you. We put it also. The power of Christ represents you inCan be you phari. Are you sure? The power of Christ compels you. The power of Christ compels you. Don't crave like the power of Christ compels you. Oh, we're fine. The power of Christ compels you. All right. Father Mary, and we'll see him no more. We'll see either one of them. That was the old one. He's not dead yet, is he? No, we're sorry. Oh, very good. Next one. See you now. I don't know. We don't know if he's dead or alive. He can look it up. The ONSYDOW. But anyway, father careous is dead. Jason Miller wasn't at the guy. Boy, my mind is really sharp today. I wouldn't be surprised if I sniff out a piece of my sheen today. And I got some very bad news for me. Guess what I found out on Tuesday when I had my first losing day of the week at Woodbine? He's still alive. Who? My slice. And Jason Miller's dead. I know that. He played. He was good. I think I'm losing my faith. Remember that scene and it was playing that Wormsling man by the almond brothers in the background. And the bar. Remember that? What's the priest doing in a bar? I wonder who was a bar? Probably. Anyway, the bad news was over the weekend when I wasn't there. And I wasn't playing that particular $5 machine for the first time in Woodbine history. I think they've been open about five, six years. They paid off the $5. We look fortune progressive jackpot. 360-6 grand. Can you imagine? I mean, obviously they got those. The ones with a pay millions. You know, the progress of ones. We've got a Chinatown chance in how I playing a lot of. But. 360-6 grand. A band. It's kind of grand if you ask me. Anyway, getting back to the pope and the church and all their forbison and the hostile attitudes about. You're going to burn and hell because you're evil and crap. In Mexico City where abortion was legalized during the first 12 weeks of pregnancy. Church officials. I just read that. It's nothing new. It's normal. It wasn't arbitrary. It's was foreseen by the church's doctrine. The pope told reporters about a board a plane to Brazil on the plane. He said the main plane falls mainly in this faint. For some crap like that. What does he know? He's a choice man. I do like the Germans, but the ones under 100 years old would leave him out. See, that probably. I see people have preconceived notions. And if you never go anywhere, you assume that, oh, the Germans are all about Sanatzi. You know, all the set of crap in the French. They know there for a few men there. The French think like hell. And maybe it's against a lot of them views like the Ottoman. Or little, you know, a little aftershave. Some of them. Maybe it's like a little ordinance. And they think it's a little bit of a shame. And it ordered the Germans mean, while are the most, wow. And I'll say it again. I've said it before. Did this deal for you? People may be traveling this summer. Berlin and Colon Germany are two of the most upscale beautiful cities. I have ever seen in my life. The people are beautiful. The buildings are beautiful. And of course, new and modern most of it because we bond the crap out of the Mediterranean. And so yeah, that will teach them a lesson. That they'll never forget. But they'll really something. And in Berlin they're so like well, dressed in a really clean, cut and they smell a little bit of a smell really good, especially when you get close. Hey, man. Are you an old pervert? Yes. Yes. And why don't I not? You know, it's part of what we're all about. Why don't I? Why, why be a bullcraft artist? Why? Oh, not me. I certainly would never do no hanky. Spanky would know hot looking like young dude. No. I must say, could. 821 votes. Who is the most obsessed? And of course, that gives me back the yesterday's text messages. I'm sorry. I'm not mentioning that. You know something. I have no, I have no qualms about spilling my guts about that incident yesterday. It was a not going to tell on the air. Because there's no delicate way I could say it. I don't think. No, I can't imagine. No. But it's just, you know, if you're going to do something that outrageous in that gross test, I mean, you know, you're going to have to expect that people are going to like, uh, tell everybody they can find. I'm going to tell strangers that would bind about it today. Excellent. I'll tell a few people to. I mean, you know, I'm 150 years old. I've had some experience as my lifetime, but you got to admit that that's sure I makes the top 10. It is a Mando Bizarro. Yes. Who is the most obsessed? 821 votes on our pool. And we've got only 37 minutes. So we won't get a thousand mile. We're here. But man, we'll get the, I don't know, maybe 900. No. You think? Yes. Chris? Yes. You have to see what a bunch of your starts getting your head at the point where you can't like even move your head. You get close to the mic and speak. Then you know you've got problems. I'll have whom I to talk. I, that was such an outrageous lunch. I had yesterday. Although the rest of the day, I pretty much laid out on the food on the food category. Most obsessed Cuban Americans with it all can't throw 407 New Yorkers. Any fit with anything New York, 149 fits from New York. It must be better. It must be louder. It must be more of notchious. Yeah. When we agree with the last two parts. Jews about Israel, 140 of cest. I'm going to go to Israel. I'm going to go to the Kabutsman. I'm coming back. I'm going to coach the house and kill a few Arabs. For Abraham, Abraham Solomon that is my grandpa. Not a wonderful name. Abraham Solomon. It is good. Solomon did it like that. Of course, I would change it to you to leverage. Or as is the other way around. Now actually the name was you to leverage. And they changed it to Solomon. They didn't want to be conspicuous. Nobody believes that story, but it's true. It sounds stupid, but it's true. Lou Dobbs about illegal immigration only 45. He's not just obsessed. He is smitten. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if he'd like to kill a few illegal aliens for Jesus. Nearoges about great equipment all the way up to 31 from nowhere up to a very fine. I'm going to pass Lou Dobbs like he's alien out at the border. Richard Melon's Gave of Cest for the Clintons 25. Gave men of Cest with Judy Garland 15. I don't know any game men who have Cest with Judy Garland. Although I liked her, I did see her live at the palace in New York in 56. I guess that proves it. And when she was on the yacht, I told it this many times. And Mel Gibson obsessed with the Jews in a very negative way 11 out of 800 before the break. I want to see you 832. I'm telling you, I think we get 900 by the bottom of the yard. It's going to be quite a battle man. That's our goal. Are you up to Chris? That means like 68 more hosts in 35 minutes. That's on par. That's about two a minute. I'm up to it. Yeah, you're up to it. You're up to it. You're up to your armpits in sweat, probably. And you wait till there's summertime. I'd use sweat a lot. Are you one of those fat people of sweats a lot? Um, more than I would want to, but not like, you know, overly like some people. Not like everything. Like you just got a bad time. I haven't seen him all sweaty. Thankfully. Let's hear about it. This is the new laundry show. Let's go. Go, go, go, go, go. If you've been looking for something to do with it. And you question. Hey, now, back to some social goals in 562. And have morning showcraft. Further ric our ratings by programming for our friends. You know when I watch a game, I want to be left alone to enjoy my man fantasy. I just want the other 50,000 people in this stadium to just disappear or die or something. You know, like black Sunday. Sure, that's a situation. Look, whenever I sit my giant ass doubt on a bleacher, I want to drink my beer and enjoy the game. Oh yeah, how do I enjoy a sports event as an important and exciting topic to discuss in our morning show? Hey guys, there's a tornado warning. It was a situation, man. I expect to stay that alone long to the men's room. I bring my own bottle. I'm like a wall of tornadoes approaching the station queue. I had no story later on. I'm just like, you know, dude, our job is to film the audience, not inform. That's the situation we've done. We have a comedian joining us on the show tomorrow. I'm Milton Cayman, junior. Wow. Now this guy is a first class comedian. I mean, he'll have you in stitches. Okay, sports related, you'll be right. Oh, sure. I mean, not like the, not like the liticle or anything complicated like the situation like that or anything. Yeah. So tune in tomorrow for some sightache and laughter with Milton Cayman, junior. I think we deliver a good product on this, this radio. Oh, yeah. Yes. This radio thing. What they say? We scored a one in the good book. Yeah. We'll see man. We're number one. I'm not sure if I'm 60 WM. I think one of the things that I love the best and that was chicken X. Let's see. What does he call it? I can't remember, the Florida cheer. Okay, this is the. He was worried. You wouldn't like that. You've heard of the broscha. I wouldn't like that. I like that. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. Hey, now. Just some self-suffering. I like that part too. I like this the best. Hey, just got your. Not to. Not to make it sound like anything, but I just got your package here. Oh, good. Well, you don't be. You keep your hands off my package. It's a great spoken for more protection. Oh, look at that. One. Now, and don't be playing that on the air. Now, you know that original one. You know that's going to our close personal friend. Don't be a partner around with that thing. Don't leave your finger for him, son of either. But anyway, sorry, you know, I'm going to tell you FedEx is so great that it just is there's people are always talking about, well, I'll tell you, I was so negative. He's always ripping in, you know, it's more fun to rip. But every known energy to our company or a business or something, that isn't necessarily a sponsor, but they just do such a great job. I'll put them FedEx. That's what I'm supposed to do. Why are you doing this? Look what I can do. It's just a final day. Way. Faster. Oh, and speaking of you playing, to put that back in the air in the next place. No, you know something. I'm walking out there. I know we've got a final seven minutes to go. I'm leaving. If you're going to start, I should never put that baby in your hands, man. Oh, yeah. Yeah. You can't control yourself, can you? No. In so many ways. Some good memories. That's how it ends. And so many. Yeah, I know. Of course, very good context of the way things are. I'm sure we're going to make 900 by 1130. 860. 660. Can you do me a big favor? Yes. Because it is love train. It plays into background by spot. What about that spot is? And I just love that spot. Whatever spot. What? Oh, you want me to send you a copy of it? No, no, no, no. No, no, no. When we go to the ball game instead of playing the spot, I'm sure it's got a father stuff. Yeah. I think we can back time with love train. Sure. How about if there are two fifty eight? Two fifty eight. Okay. So that's like, and how does it end? It fades out. I'm pretty sure it fades out. Pretty sure. Let's walk. I'll find out. I have to go to the end of it and play. No, maybe I got power. I'm right. Well, let's hear it. There we go. Played out. Played out. So let's say about two fifty just to be on the same side. So that would be twenty seven ten. This is called back timing for those people that can't hear. Note books about radio jargon. Oh, yeah. If anybody out there wants to know a little bit about how a real radio station operates, which of course is not killing hands. Certainly not the people are running it. But one. Oh, and the warning show got called in the carpet for not talking about an up sports. Oh, brother. That should tell you what the jolly joe and clearance. They're doing this place. I mean, butchers. They're just laughing. They get out the cleaver. Remember the cleaver? Twenty seven ten. Do you think that's a good idea? Can't wait for that idea. I'll crank that baby. I'm power to get my choose on. Keep it locked and loaded. And we got eight hundred and sixty six votes on the full. How am I doing? Brady Quinn. I wish I was doing something with him. Thirty eight. I can't. I'll draw your diagram. High school in Colorado was locked down today. I'm in. Unconfirmed reports that two mass men were seen and reembelling. Who is that nice man? It's the lone ranger. But who's the other one? He had a lone. See, I'm not. I mean, the kids weren't in there anyway. So it's not like there's anything bad happening. Yet officers from very and and classes have been canceled anyway. They're not going to let the kids anywhere near their thanks God. Officers from various law enforcement agencies could be seen outside Boulder High School and The Infraences to the Parkland of the Building were blocked off. Boulder Police folks were when Julie Brooks confirmed the school was locked down. The authorities were on the scene, but that's all she would say. She would not confirm report by KOA radio that a high school staff member had seen mass men entering the building. The message is left for the principal to school district not immediately returned to AP. School district spokesman Briggs Gambling told CNN the start of the school day was delayed until least mid morning. Well, I thought they just said before, well, I don't know is what's the time on this. I think the president can't. They've taken no chances. And that's what they should do. Take no chances. And find those mass men and buttermen. Florida brains all over the nice Ivy League suits. 800 and 70 votes on a poll and we're only 23 minutes away. Now how are we going to now? Now you're going to do it by your clock. Will we start that thing? Or am I going to tell you? Well, tell me what your clock says and I'll see how far off we are from each other. Oh, well, no, I'm not. It's not a question of my clock. I'll say to you what the exact time is. Okay, well, I have the exact time also. Your exact time 11.0631. Okay, I'm four seconds fast. So whatever you call it, your clock is good. This is the atomic clock on city post 24. So I go by and see that I got a satellite. I got a satellite. A time like a real professional radio program. That's right. I got the satellite clock. What is that? It's the atomic clock that they broadcast all over. This is 11.0647 here. All right. I'll see what the clock went away. Maybe you might be right. I mean, that that four seconds is going to make it. That's totally not. No. And who cares if we had four seconds that are anyway? That's not exactly. Oh, and they don't give seconds on seeing and we'll screw them. Okay, they make me sick. What about MSNBC? They're posting not to worry about it. No, no, no. Don't understand. This is killing some really good time. Oh, no, that's not a two minutes to kill here. They're in commercial break. Yeah, you know that's why you're interrupting. That's what you're advancing. I have the 70 votes. We only 30 more Chris and we can do it. I'm sure we're going to do it because we got the 22 minutes, 23 minutes. We need 30 more votes to get to 900 by the bottom of your R 873. You get a nice chance. I just must be in a good mood today. I sure am. I'm just I haven't been in this good of a lot in a long time. I don't know what it is. Maybe it's lunch I had yesterday. Maybe it's that short show we're having today. Maybe it's that we're getting out of here at 1130. And I'm all dressed and ready to go. I'll dress up for the prom and oh, man. I'll go see that. Who is the most obsessed is our poll question today? Human Americans with a little cancer of 428. To help with fiddle. New Yorkers with anything New York 160. If it's from New York, it's better. Yeah, better. Go back. It's so good there. Go back. Jews of 6 with Israel 145. What do you think of that? Lou Dobbs illegal immigration 47. New York Rogers of 6 with Brady Quinn 41. I confess and I'm right on Lou Dobbs big fat ass right now. Rich and Melon's Game of Sets with the Clintons 25. Game and with Judy Garland 15. And Mel Gibson says with the Jews 12. Poor Jews are all over that place, man. A lot of people obsessed with the Jews. That's why there's so many of them not around them all. Or your response will for all the wars going. That must be it. Well, the Lord said we were chosen. Need in silver we chosen four just to be a butchered murder in the press and spatterpine. In the weeping game play a baby. Or attention in the lawn of bands is seen own of these are the late Kurt Cobain court and love that you play as your cell mother to the items in a Christian auction. And by myself bringing friends like you and you've got some books to spend. And I'm sure it's for charities and lots of one my old babies. Be happy, Lord, be happy, Lord, be happy, Lord. Have you done all one? My gift on me. You've been on my vintage clothes. My collection. What the be no? My hotel life. My old needle. Great to be no. Been on this road. You know what's in the room? The weather of the tour and the lyrics seem smell like change here. What's in there? It's awful moving. Oh, oh. How can I see it? Get. And usually I'm sure. You know how you can easily find it go to IMDB and look up. What's the guy's name pit? That's bread and he's not related to bread pit. But that's the guy's name that plays. What is his name? I don't know. You know what I'm talking about? Yes. What is in Michael pit? He's the pit. And he don't even look good. He, you know, from certain angles from about 100 yards away, you don't look too bad. To be a close. Well, there's Andrew from Holland on City Falls. Hey, Andrew. How's the beef? Eight, eight, four. We need 60 more votes for 900. We'll do it easy. Really easy. Last days. The last days. I'm going to tell you when you want to commit suicide, watch that movie. And you know, it'll put you right in the right mood. That is the most depressing, the worst piece of garbage. And even you agree. When you and I agree on anything. I know. Right now it's from major miracle. So you've got to love train all of us. Sit there now. You sure? It's going to play it through the entirety. Right? Yeah. Yeah. I see. I don't understand where you have all this stuff. In the PC, the one that you bought for yourself down here that you used for the internet with. I put a big card drive in it at my own expense. And I have the huge music library. And they're not adding to it daily. Well, that's a beautiful thing. This is not beautiful. This is growth test. Before imposing the maximum sentence yesterday in the former Brown School District substitute teacher for committing sexual acts on a 12 year old boy. The judge be rated him for praying upon an instant victim in swimming a lack of remorse. Jersey December convicted Barry Allen, 64 of Pompano Beach, of two felony counts of Ludo, Lissibia's Mollostation and exhibition and famous to mean your counts of committing an unnatural and Lissibia's act. Circuit judge, since the imparado yesterday, said I'm the prison for 30 years. That's 30 men. Mr. Brown, you stole the young man's innocence. You ruined his life and you ruined his family's lives. And he's in parado said, at trial, prosecutor Dennis Seagull sounds Jewish to me also. Hortrade the former substitute teacher Winston Park Elementary and Lions Creek Middle School's as a manipulative man who maneuvered his way to the victim's household and showered the boy with gifts as a ruse to feed his obsessive sexual interest. He's showered with him or something like that. Allen, I'm on to jurors, but to suicide noted it was attorney's beef case to enclosing arguments and left the court house during deliberations. Pompano Countywide search police found Allen next day badly beaten in his van in a parking lot less than six blocks from the court house. The victim's mother yesterday urged the judge to put Allen behind bars for the longest duration possible, so he no longer be allowed to pursue his insatiable desire and lust for very young boys. She said they're sophisticated, twisted, ungodly acts he committed upon his son from July 2003 to February 2004. The court destroyed her family in marriage and caused immeasurable stress pain hurting an anguish. Allen seemed the jurors boxed by documents in his lap of the bandage tent over his mouth, seeming unaware of her words. Maybe he was making sounds with his mouth. Probably got practice, I guess. Allen lived until the judge had spent many rewarding years in the substitute teacher and Broward positively impacting children's lives. He didn't acknowledge the sex frames he's been giving to them, but did say it never initially to help a trouble. Kid, I totally lost my perspective and I failed to realize I had crossed the line when I interceded between him, other in charge for that. I am sorry. Well, that in 40 cents a buy about a third of a cup of really cheap watery coffee at coffee time. Not at Starbucks, you couldn't even get in the door for 40 cents. 892 votes, what we're going to make tonight, 100s, I said it. 10-1130 sounds like a fantastic deal with me. In fact, I think I'm really going to do that contract extension. Starting out with the revision of my schedule, doing 10-1130, 2-3 days a week. Sounds great. And continuing 2 days in Thursdays, in the summertime, 2-day and 3 days only of course. And then we can have a lot of sports stuff, which we love in 30-in the 2. Sure. Get those numbers way back. Tapes, sports? Ha ha ha ha. Tapes and games would be good. Ooh! Games that your buddy did. Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it. Remember what those checkered pants? Oh yeah. Yeah, checkered career. I'll tell you that maybe that's why he wore those checkered pants. 894 on a pool. And we get to 900, I'm going to read it again. And again. I mean, I can't tell you how in Thursday I'm about right for it at this moment. Me too. Yeah. It's just a very pleasant thing. And you know, the real-world fans out there saying, we're not real happy, and we're really pissed off at you. And well, what do I got to do with that? And I didn't say the ballgame was going to start it noon. Who the hell is going to be at a ballgame in a non-sports time in the first place at 12 noon? In South Florida. It's probably, it's got to be a travel day for the Dodgers. I would assume maybe they're going back out west. It's a, you know, it's not going to be that right. When you think Chris, that's what I'll say. Travel day. Who is the most of cests is the full question we have 897 when we come back after the break. We'll have over 900 and then we'll have a parade at all up and down Flagler Street. Kilburn Americans within Alcancer or 440 speak in a Flagler Street. New Yorkers, anything New York, 162 of cests, Jews of cests with Israel 147. Lou Dobbs, illegal immigration 51, I'm having a tough time catching Lou. Neil Rogers with Brady Quinn of cest 44 of cest. Richard Melos gave an occult in 25. Gameman and Judy Garland 15 and Mel Gibson with the Jews. He don't like him 13. Wonderful. WTV. WI-16. Coming next summer, Spiderman 4. Spidey joins forces with Stephen Hawke. Spiderman, help me. I am Spiderman. I will save you. I'm just going to leave him our 4th round with you. Spiderman 4 with Stephen Hawke. Boys, translators and rule cups for the first 15 fans. Spidey. Spidey. I broke my flipbook. What a hit! It's 20. 1123 at 5. 60. Every hit. 7 minutes to go. 5. 6 minutes to go. 5 minutes to go. 5 minutes to go. 9. 8. 8. 8. 8. 9. 8. 8. 9. 9. 8. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 7. 8. 9. 7, 9. 8. 9. 9. 9. 7. 9. 9. 7. 9. 9. 9. very ended the 1960s, and when she went Pedro Knight, Pedro. All of it will be paid and stakefully unpacked by specialists trained to be specially handled histories important artifacts. It's the CD accrues exhibit, baby. So, our N. Han California, another cash of CD's, obviously, 30s or 7s, is being treated Lord knows how. There's a link code. The CD they accrued and the CD accrues day proclamation, she, by the city of Miami, several keys to several cities. Foto's, CD's personal address book, some of it is covered by the Smithsonian with owns a handful of the items in their submission, and as the rest on loan from cruises of the state and others, from CD accrues. But the stuff in Han Homes and the Homes of Michael Pion, or that Pion, a California member B.D. or who says he bought it from somebody who brought it in an auction after folks in charge of cruises of state, failed the pay rent on the warehouse or was being kept, oh boy, don't you hate that? No. Pion listed the items on eBay, but took them down within a few days without any of it selling after temporary injunction was filed. I may forth in a jersey court order the objects returned to the estate. His lawyers said the client bought the stuff fair and square, he's expected to fight the ruling. It's one more chapter than not so pretty part of the CD's story, while she was not so pretty. I'm folding after she was signed by BrainCans, who July 16, 2003. The woman who moved generations of fans where the woman control her head, twin-feet was befitting royalty, through tens of thousands of mourners in Miami and Manhattan. Treated like a diva even in death, she had a costume and change between memorials. There's a lot more to it, but I just ain't got no time because we got to get out here. Yes, we don't. I'm begging for him. I said, yes, we do. Yeah, we do. I mean, we like to stay and we like to stick around. In fact, maybe I'll read this again tomorrow. We'll kill some family, the whole story. Because there are a lot of people in South Florida obsessed with CD accrues. She was really... She was a guy for sure, and I'm sure she was, you know, well, but nevertheless. Nine hundred fourteen votes on the poll, who's the most obsessed nine fourteen old bean. He also said, and we came dangerously close to a thousand, hour and a half. Wow, and it's not like we had some big, gigantic lead and or something like that. Kilbitt Americans have been outcast or lead the way, four forty-seven, nothing even close. And let's see, my Keshe and Lou Dobbs, he's got fifty-two with his illegal immigrants. And the arroggies have set with Brady Quinn forty-six. You might see, I'm right on old fang. Is that fair enough? Fair enough. Yeah, I guess you probably should have started with it. Right. Well, I guess you're going to fade out. Anyway, you got the beast for a little bit after the volume to a four-clock. Humphor four to seven. And then after Hurricane Hotline, Jimmy's surface, I think, makes his debut on Q and A to 10. The boistern with Alphine Father. Hey, Jimmy. You fair enough. Don't you know that it's time. Get on my head and that's the train. Keep it alive, drive it home. Yeah, drive it home. You walk away from people, wake them home. Through the Wednesdays of March! I'll come, drive, drive, drive and drive now! There a- I'm a$ Some$ There and a$ Some$ There the$ Ep 2 F**k you don't look the same Oh, oh, is that a glitch? I did. Oh, I'm a glitch. I'm coming. oh... I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I I've been with you, I've beenooting you, I've been worshipped, I have been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been with you, I've been