Hey, I don't have enough to not 31 years on a radio for Neil Congratulations, I'm actually at a very open 30 one years Who's happy to make it 30 one a week We didn't think we'd make it that far. Is that What's my career and the perspective there? You want to spice up the loser at Neil congratulations. He's next. We'll see you tomorrow. Thanks for listening The music stressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts and college The with a hundred and twenty eight cubic feet of cargo's fan. And over fifteen inches behind the third row seats, there's plenty of room for whatever you're carrying, and because of the length and you get the luxury and warranty you've come to the fact. Please allow the data for only four 99 a month, but 39 months, at South Florida's biggest Lincoln Mercer. Oh, my God! After years of drug abuse and controversial rehabilitation, since Boyd Brian Wilson is ready to release a collection of his latest composition. Thanks for granting us this interview, Brian. Brian, do you have any idea how he targeted you sound? That's a ticket. Joey, what I mean, here's how you sounded back in 62 from this early Beach Boy recording session. Hey, man, if you like it, you have to look at my ears, man. Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. This is good. Do you like it? Oh, that's very nice, Brian. Did you like it? That's a little hard to dance, too. Do you like it? Yeah, very nice, Brian. The Brian Wilson collection of burned out composition. Do you like it? Oh, yeah. The Master Cafe of Elbow Now on eBay. Do you like it? Well, I've got to be going to. Do you like it? So speaking of 31 years on the ear and so I'll slow it. Let me ask you one thing. Do you like it? Yeah. I like the Patriots. 10 to 25, baby. Those are the highlights of my, and it's the first of March. Holy, holy, right, man. What kinds of things we got? We got the eyes of March, right? And that's the 15th, right? Right. And we got the El Cinco de Mayo, not too far down the road. You know what else is getting really, really close? No, what? George, by the way, is a little under the weather. Oh, yeah, a little laughing about in a sadistic way. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. Don't worry about it. It's all good. I do worry about it because if you, uh, Croppers of the what do I do then? Then Chris moves in on your job, right? If I'm trying. Yeah. And for this isn't here, too. Chris has been extraordinarily, I assume you lately. I don't know what he's looking for. But boy, he was, he was, he was, Oh, when you were on the throne this morning, man. He was kiss my answer. I've got cheek for him. Wow. Well, he's here to me still. But you're free. He doesn't know that suck a nest doesn't really help you. And your case, uh, he'll find out. I was just trying to fill in for George while he was, you know. Ha ha ha ha ha. The phones are working. First thanks to all. We got a lot of nice people there on the, uh, on our my space page. How many do we have by the way? We got 1200 and 39 is that the correct number. I wrote it down. 1239, including a couple in particular, who are a great significance and one is actually a great significance. 1239. And a lot of people sitting in Anniversary. A lot of people saying happy birthday. I've been birthday. I spend the yesterday because of the, um, the my space page is the New Roger show. And so when you'll make the page, you put on there. How old and he put about 30 minutes to show. Had been on about 30 years. So it's the age of the show. A lot of say one thing. I should like to be 30 year. I want to know right now. When I say this one, my 31st birthday instead of anniversary. I'll ride. Well, would I be dangerous then, man? I would really be dangerous. I wouldn't be sitting here. I'll say that. I would be too busy. So thanks to all. And I'm sure we can just float it in. Look at that. There's already a couple lines of ring. I can see the phone because it works. Wow. You watched this first one. WQA and hello. I'm just going to say happy anniversary from all of us at the nervous hospital. No. I'll be right over. Now did you ever see a swing blade? Yes. Okay. That was good. Can I get to my pile here or what? No. Hey, it was good first call. I wish you were going to be really special day. You'll see. Arthur M. Slesinger is dead. Junior. You know, no comment. The Pewds are prize winning history. And the Kennedy and Saturn have to find mainstream liberalism during the Cold War. And remain an imminent public thinker. They stinker at the 21st century. His died. He was 89. Well, I'd like to make it to 89. That gives me another 25 years to bug the crap out of everybody. Another 25 years on here. I've got an email. I don't even know you disagree with what you said. But you've got to admit, this is a pretty heavy duty. Great. Max. The material. Material. Why is it's great? It's gold. Yeah. And then my sympathies for being married to a gay guy. But you said, are you going to make it a true comment? I'm not going to allow you to make it a true comment. I read her brilliance. Arthur Slesinger suffered a heart attack while dining out with family members. One's didn't. Manhattan. Oh, that's bad. When you'd croak at the dinner table. He was taking the New York downtown hospital where he died. Can I say something? I wasn't going to say this on the air or off the air to anybody because it was, you know, see my mother had this thing. I think they called it hiatus. Hernia, hate or hernia, whatever it is. Where the food kind of comes like back up at you. You know, where you don't swallow me well. So the speed. Okay. But anyway, so I kind of inherited that from her. And in my later years, especially if I'm eating steak any kind of meat. And if I don't chew it well, I'll start like, I get like a lump. You know how that expression about a lump in your throat? Yeah, yeah. Well, this is literally like a lump of food gets stuck in your throat. And you have to like wash it down with water, whatever you're drinking. And otherwise, you feel it for a moment or two. You feel like you're going to choke it up. You're sitting there. You know what I mean? Have you ever had that? Yeah. You had that. We have a soft-cass problems in the family. That's why I got a soft-cass deal. The proudest second all that stuff. So anyway, when I was having my very famous lunch with my friend there at the Capital Grill, I would be one of her was, last Saturday. So I'm eating my steak and we're, you know, I'm keeping my, this is the first time that we've actually met face to face. And it's a very exciting day for me. I'm sure for both of us and we're sitting there enjoying your great meal. And I take a bite of my, my, my, a filet Oscar with a crab meat on top was really good. And I get this thing, you know, where it's like stuck in my throat. And I'm like, and I'm not saying anything. You're trying the best to like this guy's, because he's talking, thank you to the service to our Bapapapapapap, which is great. And I'm like, you know, I'm just sipping a little water and just praying. And then the greatest moment of all is when finally, like, you know, you can feel it like a zoom down through your sufficus and into your, wherever, wherever it goes, you know, where does it go? Down. And you're stomach work through all those long, you know. I thought I was going to choke to this right there at the dinner table. It would not have been a really good thing. I mean, you know, fat rich had a heart attack and died at Pompano Park during dinner. And he had the super, too. I certainly hope that, well, this is a bad thing to say, but I hope that all of my good friends there. And his relatives, I hope that they like first his entire body before they took the carcass away, because he always had this habit of hiding tickets, you know, under his armpits. Oh, sure. You know how fat people had a winner? Yeah. Well, he said he had the super effect. I don't know how much it paid. And I guess at this point, it doesn't make too much difference. I had the super, uh, a lot of all. Yeah. So there you go. Well, I'll tell you one thing. I certainly hope these aren't over the voice. I thought maybe, you know, this thing is buzzing up the storm. 9804, 1080, and they're not really hosts. So we should easily have 45,000. It's not a pull. It's a survey today, which will get to eventually. And between a minute and call saying, happy 31st anniversary, Neil. In fact, I don't know if I can still play that. Is there something in that public's bag voice thing? Happy and tough anniversary from the bag voice of publics. Happy 12th anniversary, Neil. Yeah, I'm a bag one. My name's Jason. Great. Ha ha ha ha. That was back. I think during the day today, so the RNZ is not really sure which. When I was only oozing the bag voice, some of whom I afraid may have been underage. That's really bad. I better not be doing that now. I'll come and drag my fat ass away. Well, what difference is it making up? Doesn't cost anything to look, right? Right. They had birth shields, slap in her ass when she was 14, and I was then TV spot. So what's wrong? That was some body. Yeah, that was very wrong. Who was it that said that? Who was president at that time? I don't know. Was it Reagan? I think probably old Rajee Ronnie Reagan. That's wrong. Or whoever was. Some idiot. I think about it when Clinton went to find out about how will this happen? Oh, I don't know, Fiti. Bruff shields is 15 just. Did you get out of here? Are you a crazy person or what? Oh, no, yeah, we know that. I'll find out. Yeah, look at the Google Bruff Shields level. No, exactly who was there was. I think it might have been Bubba, which was, let's see, he came in 93. 42, 42 isn't that wasn't him. Well, she was 42. That means 28 years ago she was 14. So 28 years ago from 2000 is 81. And 29 is 79. So what have been to be Carter? Oh, that's bad. I got to tell you. Less than his heart, but not in his part. Good. I got to tell you. That didn't hold too much. Too many peanuts. I think caused the bad farts. Oh, I was sorry. No, you just dumped myself, okay? I don't know why. I can say the word on the ear. I can say fart on the ear, but I think, I don't know. I thought we were jumping because you said he nuts. P nuts. I said, yeah. He nuts. That's the way we have a lot of that. I thought I'd be able to be going on between me and Chris here. Yes, see. If we pass out first, then I went $100. And if we throw up first, then he knows $100. All right. It's the old pass out and throw up contest. A QAF. That's a nice fish to throw up first. Because the fumes are just nauseating. And they're always seem to care about that. But that's okay. Well, I get to tell him he's a three page. She just rips the beesleas in this radio station and ass. That part was great. Which I think is sensational. Well, we'll get to it. I mean, that's what you're going through the thing about, you know, are you people kidding, straight men don't have gay sex? And I know that she's telling the truth. But you know, arguing with George about this is like trying to understand. Listen, listen. Let me say it again. I'm not interested in having this debate with you again because, you know, it's you being the expert on gay sex would be a lot of having the expert on women's bras. And then we throw on the word. Straight. Straight to the bull. Here's the polio yesterday. The 1422 and this course is what insided the wild three-page page facts from Tammy, which is great. Have you ever been propositioned by someone of the same gender? That's the whole question. Yes, but I refused it at 630. Almost half, 44.3 percent. Yes, but I refused. I kept my honor. I kept it in my pantalomies. No one I know here to be for today. I hate this pool 125, 8.7 percent. Well, I'm the Eva my anniversary. That was pretty nasty. Yes, I agreed to and I liked it. I liked it. I liked it. In fact, when they got done, the partner said, Do you like it? And they said, yeah, huh? Let's try it again. Nobody, I wish somebody would ask me 43. Yes, I agreed to it, but hated it only 37. Wow. I'm gay and I did it with the straight person 22. I'm gay in a straight proposition mean, I see. That's what I just said, make any sense to me. Does that make sense to you? No, nothing makes sense to you. I'm gay and I was we fused by a straight person 7. I'm gay, but I wish I could do with the straight person So many people take 24. So time to quad trial. As we get really linguistic here on this show. Yeah, right. Because I'm a genius. I'm a freaking genius. Just ask me, I'll tell you. 31 years in this horseball town, maybe today. And of course, a lot of people have thought, You know, a lot of big deal. Like, oh, geez. I mean, another one of these anniversary shows. Yeah, why not? You enjoy it. In fact, the pool is, the pool will George and or Chris survive to live through the four hours of the show day and hitting all those toxic fumes. Sounds like a major major massive lawsuit to me. I'm the biggest team. So, best talent. So, the Rogers, for Shwede, my secret. You, A, M. Alan Box was a normal man with a wife, children, a summer home, in Opalaca, and a chain of radio stations. Guy, go. Real service, real saving. Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago. Hi, honey. How was your day? Un... believable. Permanent. There's nothing but subhuman. BAT! Out there. Alan Box is suffering from Neil Rogers disease. Have you canceled the Miami Heraldia? But honey, we don't subscribe to the Heraldia. Oh, now that's a cop-out. What kind of a lame excuse is that? Just say no to El Heralds, sir. Huh? People afflicted with Neil Rogers disease have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings. What's the matter with you? Blue Herald bags from femoral times. You know, the gents, then, so say, all me, you know, how can you say those nasty things? Running around stealing sweet and low. Can I just do anything? How about those bad boys at Windixie? You know, it doesn't hurt to look. In... credible. Neil Rogers disease, a growing South Florida epidemic, please help us find a cure. Honey, it's Friday night. You know what that means? Hey, you know what? I got a night. What's the we follow got three points on things? Send your taxiduct to the contributions today. In Caribote 105. Terminal. I'm on the Oelie. Ten 18, I like that. That's not a really good. Let's play the Oelie. I was going to keep doing that for the answer. I'll tell you. Here's today's survey. It's not a pool of the survey. We ought to have 45,000 votes on here. This is like just asking a simple question. It's like paper or spastic, you know, like that. God. How long... I don't believe that only sent Josh three stories for the website. Three new stories. Okay. Impossible three bedtime. It is. It's only three. I guess I could have done it because I was so into my pre... Pre-enter. Pre-enter. Pre-enter. Pre-enter. Pre-enter. Pre-enter. Pre-enter. Pre-enter. Pre-enter. Pre-enter. Pre-enter. Pre-enter. Pre-enter. Pre-enter. Pre-enter. Pre-enter. Pre-enter. Pre-enter. Pre-enter. Pre-enter. Pre-enter. Pre-enter. Respect. Respendent. stance. chains, the uh... whatever we call it what we call the bandwidth the bandwidth yeah kind of uh... the the beach for is the bandwidth right like it anyway eight fifty seven how long you've been listening to the legendary in your rages air puts in there and i am legendary at least a one by the way one eighty three and my anniversary man i worked like crazy uh... and you believe that no just happened by accident but anyway hundred eighty three that's the lowest i've weighed in ages years you know you throw that you know you two throw i was there in the three of and of course you're really breathing in there which i can understand yeah even Chris even fact Chris had a congratulations that's really c.m. an inspiration to fact Chris i'm gonna keep in the line exactly because he's a good guy and he likes to kiss my answer lot for whatever reason and don't feel bad about that i enjoy when people kiss my ass because it doesn't really happen much anymore years ago i used to hate that because i thought it was boring but now that i'm old and dottering enough fool you know i kind of enjoy that i remember that about it to be chapstick i do have to remember you just uh... you're an expert already how long you've been listening to the legendary in your rages twelve to twenty years two hundred and five three hundred and five twenty years and in fact you know something if these people are being honest twenty to thirty years two hundred and two twenty two twenty so if you put those two together you've got five hundred and twelve uh... i almost sixty percent of a listening between twelve and thirty years that you know what that is that's on be a label it is isn't it what nine to twelve years hundred and forty two don't let me forget the arcade history in your marison i'm trying to think of the name of the station out there uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... on your marison also i almost took a job one time at uh... in limo a high-o at w i m a nothing can be fine at the turn-on-a-javan lima well the owner of that station was a crazy person also it was a station threatened new jersey almost took a job there and they were always like the mad professor with a wild white hair you know shootin out all directions like i and style without the brain kind of didn't take that job of Trent and the jersey couldn't find a place to live and you know the name of the station was w b u d buddy but but as in rose but has a go and but but anyway uh... nine to twelve years hundred and forty two listening five to eight years hundred and five two to five years seventy three since they won sixteen oh my god we have sixteen people out there and of course this is just a you know a small reflection whatever the assemblies on here on our mice are uh... new roshers dot call whatever the face is you know do i see a little incoherent good what well i'm trying to catch up to you good luck since they won sixteen i'm a new listener ten on new me i don't know few weeks few months i didn't really specify what that means me's whatever they feel like it new listener ten i hate this pull always six o'clock six percent i think that's an honor because it's my anniversary and they try to be nice to me i could be wrong about that i doubt it and one year four so we got a lot of people out there least on our pool eight hundred sixty votes on the survey and the survey says we got five hundred twelve people listening twelve to thirty years that is absolutely uncreable that's what i would say when you say that you want to say much for you're like swimming over the yes i am so let me tell you the story nineteen seventy five a more can i'm doing a talk show from six to midnight that sounds off the long as they're well from seven eight we had the CBS mystery theater six to seven i did a sports show i shouldn't say that and an eight to midnight like a regular talk show on w j and o a m and fn which later became an honor what it became so on fm also with a hundred thousand most people now so we had some pretty good calls then along comes a big in his loser called rust morally from jackson bill to be the pd a j and o and he decides he's going to put me on a m only which the signal barely weeks across lake worth our station was like right right a kitty corner across from lake worth and the station signal at night barely weeks across across the street with our two hundred fifty nine time wants so i got really discussed it and i quit you know back back in the day when i was young and impulsed in this business i used to just walk out without having another job never gonna happen again boys and girls not gonna happen that's my one lesson to all of you out there including you young punks don't put a job and i mean less it's killing your whatever but don't put a job until you got the next one let's get like yours we listen to me i'm just telling you that's why you know it's good advice of course it is i tell you people all the way up because they get p-o to the things that the grasses greener on the other side hot and then all of a sudden they wind up on the beach for like six months later like a new house sources they say in china so i could my job at j and o and i actually my mother was living in kairichills which he lived there for a hundred years and i went and stayed with her for a while how will i been in 1975 thirty uh... i know thirty some so i stayed with her for a little while and then i put an ad in broadcasting magazine well back in those days when you wanted a radio job as you know disjockey whatever you want to do engineer you put an ad in broadcasting magazine the classified that was one way you've got found jobs and sure enough i get a uh... letter or call whatever from this station in uma erasona now i also and i tell the story have to talk about the young guy that i picked up his name with and you don't have to pick up hitchhiking on the way out there that would be a really interesting story because i know we'll get some people like what a crazy you know but he i did well i was back in the day when you picked up hitchhikers now you have to be a crazy person the better i try to make her my right yes yes we are because if you pick up a hitchhiker day nobody will probably ever see rass again or if they do it will probably be in the trunk of the car but anyway so i picked up i'm driving from uh... how he would florida to uma erasona where you know where uma is and erasona it's it's i think that to far from sandy ego if i'm correct in other words it's way down under the southwest corner of erasona's long slim so i picked up this hitchhiker who was really good looking young guy would say was like maybe twenty two twenty three twenty four so i early twenty's got check Brian was his name now can you believe that thirty one years later i still remember his name yes well there's a reason i remember his name and that's it yeah when you drive it out there you have to make pit stops and so we stayed motels a couple of nights and it turned out that truck was like uh... buy you know what i mean yes i do buy i i i i and we had a pretty good time in truck hey truck i'll be old now probably the smartest thing to be what buy that way you can just seize it on any opportunity to come to the law he was a fine looking young man double in the car i'm pretty important double your chances for a date i remember him saying uh... i don't want to go into the hall i want to be actually i would like to but i guess i probably better now yeah so i think that's the way so this one part of the thing is you're not your sports video five sixty you you and back very oh can i hear him now Larry i hear it oh there you go i can almost hear you now i'm gonna move around the plane yeah well don't move too much i don't know if they're not asking but that's in the morning and i can't go to the plane yeah so i'd like to plane landed don't you? and i was looking at over the Latin you're still in the air? i'm in the air how about the plane? this question oh now you didn't really say the worst talk radio i've heard in my life was on WOD you didn't really say that did you? i do i can't believe that station except for your meal i know what i do and love me i know it i love you Roger yes i love you this is i love you i'm in Miami very limited gentleman as you are here Bob Green if i bob you know something bob is still wiping the tears from his eyes from the last conversation we said we got Larry King on the phone he's in the other room right now weeping like a woman seriously he is i'm going with Bob that's what are you? and about four or five years he's not old enough yet when he makes it get out of the way how about going to his wrist that would be even better with the guy he asked to know and does a thousand voices right? yeah fill Henry he doesn't he's a shandard his own huh? he's a shandard his own are you sure? yeah he's a shandard his own voice that's right he does those other voice right you know how are you attached to 20 years how do i feel? i feel like my thuslan a bad day that's how i feel i feel like i just sat down with you Cole a cats and tied a WKAT and started my first day and i went to the first national bank on alt and rodent she said you feel rich now in the ill for 215 bucks a week that's how i feel incredible what was your wish break? listen this one i went to work and knocked on doors and got a job of a small radio station in my and we beach floor them i did everything was uh i was uh i did i i did the board i did job i did sports i did news i did everything cleaned up cleaned up i did everything is that true? yeah when you play those days yeah i'll be as big as 40 seconds you have it repeated yeah why did you do that over and over? for emphasis we want to make sure they try why did you do something new? our audience is a little bit slow we want to make sure they catch it to 40 or through 50 of time 16 years old exactly try to test up 10 of it okay top 10 that's good don't start rip it off they've been let him and that would be good that's a great one hey listen there's a guy here that wants the top view you're going to pee in your pants right there under plane when you hear this voice how are you Larry? Larry again i said Larry how are you? how should they forget? oh is that? you're hockey friend you? grandma right is this instant room? room? room? what are you doing in a studio? i came to see my good friend Neil Rogers you're the guy he like and not all i have much either Larry don't get carried away well i knew he'd already said when he was young hey can't beat it join it i know i thought you'd be here last night oh how is it? how is it? capital's been how is it? capital's been we all of a sudden we they got lucky and got a point now it's we nice going Larry i'm on a recap and i'm on a recap we're on a recap yeah he is on a very cab yeah you're not Craig Baruba you make a good pair i'm going to come down and do extra spring training and I'm coming to the Rogers studio all right i'll pick you up and break that said Neil i'm in quite new right now any nine years now you come here i'm coming you wait you're so i'm here i beat it we'll feed you we'll get the from the villa deli on on the wall and road on a beach we'll bring you the best deli you've had since that crazy place you keep plugging on the air and it'll be a real it'll be a picnic thanks Larry i said it's okay don't drop i don't drop pad too hard you know so as soon as i mentioned the deli that he can't plug on on the air he has built out real quick why is that so anyway i'm having sex with this i mean uh... we're traveling across the hership highway to you may Arizona and i get there and i drop off my good friend Chuck because he's uh... something to Alaska in fact he told me he lived on an island in a small island uh... in Alaska that you know to get through by canoe oh that'd be great that would be dragged to a certain place in the park your car there can like a delivery to remember they parked the cars right and they got in the canoe and went to aintree well maybe there's an aintree in Alaska so i drop him off and uh... you know give a big hug whatever and i didn't give no kiss i don't think so any i mean he wrote his name down on my i have one of those ran McNally all monics you know what was big uh... we because when you're driving across the country you need that well those highway map books you don't try to buy it absolutely okay any wrote his name down on their into this day 31 years later i remember his name and i remember his well we had a good time so anyway i go to the uh... radio station i tell him hey i'm mondial rangers bababa and i'm going to start on monday and but i'll be put and i can't begin to tell you what a first this station was i mean it was like i think that the job paid seven hundred fifty bucks a month how much is that that's more than christmas making sure that but it didn't pay off a lot and the place was it was like a zoo it was ridiculous and they had a program called tt y-o this that and the other thing was it was a real hokey i'm happy that i hope he's doing i'm not going to work in this place this is a joke how how did i ever take a job see these are the kinds of jobs you get in broadcasting magazine in places like uma erasona and uh... what was the place shall be my ten and i'm right toward to that yeah i didn't stick around for you the one was just a flat land no nice you might every more to first day so i go to a shopping mall i go to course back in those days who the other is no such thing as a cell phone so i go to a shopping mall i get a pay phone and i call back home i call ma and my says and we talk about lucky timing she says oh signal of in from wk and i may be just called and he wants to interview you and they've got an opening for a talk show and they have to know how do you like that okay and so from there i i think he'd be the phone number not called to the kid thanks a lot said by the way it couldn't be here without you pali and so i drove back turn around and drove all the way back didn't find any hitchhackers in a way back damn it well and uh... yeah oh yeah can't always have it you want i did i had what i wanted and anyway so i drove back to a mimey and i had had lunch with uh... sidel oven at his house and many had me have lunch with a breakfast with joe freed what's that diner at halendale i wonder if it's still there was there a hundred years ago and i had a lot of breakfast with joe freed was the news director he's long since dead and he just out of consideration instead of like interview me even though i'd already had the job for big two hundred twenty five bucks a week doing three to six in the afternoon so that's why i'm uh... there here where i am the only joe and see bring art sends a fact he says miles of time thirty one years in hell i hope you are looking forward to another thirty one years thanks for thirty one years of yos and deep thoughts i love you like a brother we says but i'm not going to your funeral cheers art the only joe and super well that's for you i'm thirty three on the survey we might have a thousand by the top of the hour pretty close to it and would let the real feather in my camp before they stick my ass in a box back home a feather feather kind of tickle your fancy you know i don't want to be listening to the legendary neo-roggies are surveyed today and they thirty first anniversary show go ahead and the opatious off on the uh... kidney there and nice what the the results of this survey is what's really astonishing to me aren't you amazed and of course you know what a reading tells me is that since we've been on a station we don't have them any new listeners especially lately thanks for the great promotion joe you guys are the best we talk into tamis of three pages i'm a kill a lot of time before we start taking those million hour yeah yeah well hour you can make what you mean to read her stuff yeah if you can't show up on a middle of it no how long you've been listening to the old 12-year-old twenty-year-old twenty seven twenty to thirty years but thirty men twenty eighteen so you put those two together got five hundred and forty five five is fifty eight point three percent that's staggering boy nine to twelve years on fifty five so the nine would be uh... q i m that's what christettie for listening nine years because he never listened before q i m why is that christ because i really ever listened to a m radio back then well good choice nine to twelve years hundred fifty six five to eight years hundred fourteen two to five years eighty one since day one since march first nineteen seventy six oh my god oh my god twenty that's amazing not only that that there's still a lot of much less to listening i'm an illustrient ten like i said we don't get too many new listeners we we build the audience one listed at a time here on q a m word of mouth i hate this pool seven point seven percent kind of actual five birds numbers across the street zero point seven and one year five out of nine hundred forty two so i'd like my human as on a story i wasn't too bad wasn't no it wasn't it was the only medium game especially it was one medium game i was a very gay yeah we've got to do a lot more cross country driving in those days and pick up a lot more hitchhikers like my buddy like the biggest thing is not best talent to the business the old Rogers for swede you five sixty you a m yeah yes sir yes uh i'm wondering that let me just talk about uh figures about why you both should talk about earlier oh listen before you finish playing the bridge dinner you know what else we got to play the guys running me fraternity thing what is that called uh fret call fret call on the beat by what running naked on the beat figures cars and boats now we're talking about bridges over the uh causeway not the one's in your mouth i don't have any of my friends okay yeah nine diamonds more to be passed 30 but you're regulated by nine is more than you need that can get no well it is all bridges over navigable waterway if i'm trying to do that i wouldn't have been asking to say but that i said if i knew the answer the question i wouldn't have asked it in the first place okay well all i'm saying sir here's that the nine states call of anchor near is are the ones that regulate bridges over navigable waterways over one and the boat waterway yes sir okay okay yeah so it's up to them to decide what time yeah the bridges should not be open to the marine traffic yes and what time should they not be open to marine traffic sir i'm telling you that then come up with the times well what it was the time i'm relieved it's at wish hour times sir that they are not open to marine traffic other than that they are open to marine traffic so in other words any slump of the boat can come along and back up traffic for the time so will the correct well what kind of a communist bunch of crafters that is not a communist bunch of facts sounds like some kind of renal salt racist honey piccolo uh five there should be a real right exactly i think that fifty thousand cars are stopped for one jackass in his boat i think that's what they ought to do thank you better know your law is mister because you should that's right i suppose you want the damn bridges close to both of them can i want to do i want the bridges closed period okay i want them close i want the bridge tend to go home and watch your mtv and get the out of our live i want those bridges closed let them use the judo total okay let them use the conflict possible i think they ought to go out of a George Washington bridge and jump all of our stenders how do you like that sir well i don't know about you the goose down like some stupid idiot sure oh sorry ten forty seven and five sixty w q m so um that was w i o d am i correct yeah oh yeah oh yeah well let's see uh work at kt for two years i want to get a little resume of these thirty one years and i'm going to forget most of the correct years two years of kt and uh did cast for what he was a great radio guy there's a one guy easy to have been dead many years but his real name was Richard Rose did you ever know that nope he was Jewish well anyway did cast for who is a brilliant radio guy who put i and z on years all news many years ago and why would hundred on the year uh great general manager and programmer he actually he actually knew a programming as opposed to his vehicle or five salesman so he had Charlie Capis contact me and they heard me a w n w s which was just going on the year in march or April of seventy eight see march earth always tends to be a really big day i should probably hit out to woodbind find me out big my sheen mind but anyway maybe just hit out pick up a hitchhiker on a highway and find a bit well uh so anyhow uh i want to w n w s to do nights eight to midnight and then we started the old w f a b studios on flagver street that was our original a stocion and that was one of the radio's do think that the trader uh the q m trailer was been oh my god what a red infested nasty sewer and i thought about the flood when water came out of the door and the phone people the phone guys were had the saw dust we're crawling around on the floor to try to put saw dust in the uh phone connections so we can get on the air and i was doing the show on my bare feet which is a miracle i didn't get electrocuted but nevertheless eight to mid that w n w s and then of course we moved over to um the the studio to a loveliem and dicksie highway you ever see that building no used to be like a harissa line a beauty problem or something like that and we they built the radio station there and i was there for like i don't know a few years some of the eight to eighty two eighty three something like that then they've right or i wonder what happened in david or what if he's still alive maybe somebody will tell us he heard me do i go to a w i n z to do nights eight to mid that to be a place mister berk to you dummy Allen Burke i told you after i had that first stroke i do have to mention this on the air because Allen's been dead for a few years now but on the air he had a really rough uh this is Allen Burke you would jerk out but he was really a sweetheart off the air you know kind of like me a real bastard on the air but a real uh you know and again once he was taking a tour of uh i od really so i got the medium shake his hand and i had heard of him from uh from you from doing your show so uh so this is the famous mister berk and he's a just a mister berk and he's funny he really was a very nice guy he was a nice guy in fact after i had that minor stroke i missed a couple weeks of work and i had home recuperating and hoping that i could talk again and i was not good and the phone rings one day and of course everybody was calling me you have people i actually knew and it was Allen Burke on the phone finding out how i was wishing me well that that was a shocker man who's good yeah especially considering that i took his job at i and z so let's see w and w s for all those years and w i and z and about eighty three and then i finally convinced him and said we know tonight's with that horrible signal all the old yens is listening only put me on the daytime tend to because at that time there were all news the rest of the day so um and of course they had also put mister growered on there between six and eight and they had daddy McCallum on there between the six and eight for while remember tanti McCallum of course you don't know and then they put uh me on from tend to two followed by as i convinced him to go talk and news stand major two six we've got to play some that stuff oh yeah like the stand major promo with the what's his new bag your buddy huh all of it stand that the way yeah like this one uh stand major now a new start radio six ten w i o d if you have missed a last show you miss this wasn't what the hell is your problem pain is in New York fella when he would do it you i don't want to be back i suppose you don't but we'll then who do you want i do do you want outland for a call with that i think you want to know your Reynolds so what they want to hell do you want in the air science it's that all we have to do you give me a name but it's that all you want and that all we have kind of content do you want dairy to the sick i mean here the next stand major show let's have to do it do on new top radio six friends level u i o d yeah so anyway uh stand was doing if news and i and z i was on from tend to two and the thing that really amused me is because when he started talking about because i had this gigantic rating we had a nine share midday in twelve plus which is on a herd of on herd of me and the bird by the we're at least favorite the bird i don't know you say that yeah and notice he was on that bit with Larry on the at Larry anniversary call right the bird was on in a visit on that anyway and he said don't talk about about the dead and so anyhow uh stand was doing the two to six and he would complain about the heterophobics because we could get any calls so in other he couldn't hear my audience because my audience all my fags out three assume that all my audience was like gay like that and all you want you a heterophobics out there if you would just call and talk about what kind of watch you about this we whatever he was talking about and then of course and i think about eighty six i want to say in the fall of eighty six um zeta was dying zeta four which was previously i ninety five i can tell you some really interesting stories about i ninety five especially one of the guys that worked there but i'm not going to do that maybe the last day i'm on the year i'll do that i and it's just not my nature that would be really cool and mean spirited to do that because maybe he straighted himself out after all these years or i know he straightened himself out back then but that's not the story but anyway so the fm was i ninety five you know who worked at i ninety five of that time cox on a radio how do you like that in fact every day on that station was a big party yeah and so they to try to sell zeta they decided well they maybe not for i couldn't refuse put me on a mornings and fm six to ten in morning on zeta and you know history is speak for itself we had gigantic numbers we kicked everybody's ass when zooming up there and uh we're number one in no time at all then the toward the end that year i was a Disney Mike Disney kind of a Mickey Mouse operation over there for cox broadcasting i would deep in and they heard me way 87 through what how long were we at i would be uh seven years was it ninety four and then passion bought out i would be and we went to work over there and that really amazing studio that they put a lot of money and two with a lot of incompetent engineers and uh we're there for let's see from November until me how long is that December january it's a two three we're about seven months okay and of course i had an out in my contract once passion bought the station that is that i only had to work um i had a one year non-compete and i could sign with anybody else and that's when Greg Reid was talked by Bill Tannin when the hiring me hired me to come to QAM and so with seven months left an idea with uh several months left in the deal with passion they decided to pay me off and get me off the air you know get them off the air is a rip it out she's talking about going to QA and get them off the air and so i got i never forget it i was on the way with a friend with the airport my international on a way to on vacation going to Rome and i'm in the car driving and i'm listening to Rick and suds who are on the afternoon at that time after me and norma can't call in and says i just want to see how many people listening you Rick and suds i want to see if Neil is listening to you so we kind of like sent a message they needed to talk to me so i get to the airport i go to the pay phone i call norma can't and he tells me take all the time you want you they're going to pay you offer seven months and i went like a ride ride so needless to say the next seven months i was all over Europe i was an Amsterdam but 400 times in fact i remember some weeks that i would come back with a friend and we'd say you know i was really boring here in south or let's and the weekend get on a plane and go back again and we did start a paid off for seven months for not working and then of course you know then we have the two-way administrative left let's say the better about that did i play new ways for the morning or not i just read my played it it seems like you played it did i'm saying i almost had the same dream Chris did you have the same dream that he played the way for me and he played yes he He wakes me up with smile he won't be home I'm sorry, yes? You know which me up with a smile Let's dance here Drink and I call for me I'm not a gentleman I don't know We're too poor at the time Oh, I see Baby, don't you go with me Let's dance for the time How did you work if I won't But the darling now We're too late for my job We're together We're together We're together Yeah, man, man, man Yeah, man, man Yeah, man, man Yeah, man, man Yeah, man, man Yeah, man, man Yeah, man, man, man Yeah, man, man Oh, and if you don't like that one Yeah, man I don't know if I'm a little clingy You're a little long time That thing ever ends And then it will be with things Maybe you don't say what these days seem And if you don't like that we got Yeah, we're a little long time And then I took my beefy charred We're invited to the show But the king on the phone has it We're going to play a fun by the house Oh, man, I'm going to play a fun by the house The house is a little bit too big Oh, the river is too big The only one you're having Oh, man, man, man You're a little bit too big You're a little bit too big Yeah, the only one you're a little You're a little bit too big Yeah, we're a little huge If you don't play a fun by the way Where you tho, you should always make friends You don't a little bit too big Yes, you're really good Yeah, that's good Oh, yeah, so your family has something to do It doesn't matter He's ruined That's it Take a picture Running off the head político He's a little bit too big They're a little plump This is Debbie. Hi, Debbie. I'm interested in getting through operations done. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction. Mm-hmm. And I was wondering if you get some tummy tuck and the lip augmentation because medic breast sits in the face if all of these things. Mm-hmm. There's wondering... Well, you like to start with. Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay, we don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done. I mean, I don't know. They would do it. It's the lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I like to have my skin resurfaced too. Uh-huh. Laser surgery. Uh-huh. Have the lamps stop crying yet? Mommy. Extremely. Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on to you. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first. And then I'm on looking at you. We can tell you that we'll always see you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It puts the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make it a point now? Yes. Okay. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. Um. My name is Buffer No. Okay. Let me get the little information from you. Okay. You might not be here. It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand. It puts the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for consultation? It puts the lotion in the basket. Uh, okay. Do you like to make it a point when you want to call me back? It puts the lotion in the basket. I got my skin suit in the black eyes. Oh. Bill. It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to make it a point? It puts the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make it a point? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to him in the time. Okay. It puts the lotion in the basket. Hello. I like it. Okay. I'm going to go three and five, 60, WQMR. Big 31st anniversary show. What's his name called in yesterday? Ricky Tiki Shaw. That's bad. What's his name? Oh, this is cute. Just just in somebody finances to us from Hobart in the end. I have no idea where that is. Kevin, did I talk about the I never did talk about my pre-sauce-footed. You know, because I love when people say like your Castello Coyneau State. Oh, and you've been in the business for 31 years. No, I haven't been in the business 31 years. I've been in this market for 31 years. Joe. I know that was your Castello Coyneau. He has this good moment. You know, it's fine where you say about it. Oh, yeah. Hobart. He's a good guy. He means well. He's just, you know, what? Can I have nobody? Ten. Kevin Russell found out. It's not easy trying to catch a check from God. Deal, God. The 21 year old man was arrested a Monday after he tried to catch a check for 50 grand at the Chase Bank in Hobart that was signed. King saved your King of Kings Lord of the Lord's servant. Hobart police detective Jeff White said. Just a little white lie, I guess. Russell would charge with a long one count attempted check fraud. Long count intimidation both felonies and long count resisting law enforcement. A Mr. Meiner, he could face prison time. Police were called to the bank after Russell tried to catch the check, which was written on an invalid bank one check with no imprint white said. Russell had several other checks within that were signed the same way, but made out in different dollar amounts including one for 100 grand. That's right. If you're going to do something fraudulent, at least to go for the big bucks, you know. Russell struggled with police as they tried to detain him white said. Then threatened police as they transported him to the Hobart police department. I've heard about God giving out eternal life, but this is the first time I heard him giving out cash white said. No court dates been said for Russell's being held Wednesday at the Lake County jail on $1,000. Here's a facts from your buddy PRR Ralph. I thought the facts are really pouring into the day, but they're not. Or maybe they're just starting. PRR Ralph, part of we can Ralph your good buddy says just because you were happy 31st. Have a listen since I came from New York City that was 22 years ago, and yes, your best work was at Zeta. And if you remember the bed races in Coventagrove when the Grove was good in tasty. And then it says, mmm. Yeah, the Grove was good in tasty, all right. A taste of the Grove. But be careful where you're looking. You don't have the 1,16 Tally's already. We had over 1,000 at the top of the yard, just as I predicted. What you all managed to last in the last day, I think what we ought to do is take a few calls because once I get into 10, these 85 page facts, it's been a take a while. WDQAM Hello. Oh, an associate producer is not going to get out of here. Oh, no. Oh, but the dots are back, wait a minute. Oh, there you go. Oh, there we go. QAM Hello. In the points of the Hawaii. Peter Boll, you're the assassin, one of the worst. That's just worse program directors, one of the worst human beings in the history of the Broadcast industry. Did I tell you he got canned? He did get canned. Good. Oh, good news. I felt really great today. I do. You got canned? Yes. Well, that's the best news I've heard in a long time. QAM Hello. Uncle Neil, little Joey. Hey, all right. Now we're talking. I wondered what happened. I'll use stiffs. Happy anniversary. I'll ask you a first question. I know you're still married. You're lovely teacher wife. Yes. I'm sure that. How many kids you got now? Two kids, six year old or three year old. Good. Gowly Miss Ma, did I speak English? Absolutely. Now, Lalaeusca, how old are you? I don't want to say. Don't tell me yet. What do I say? Huh? I guess I'm going to do. I'll take a guess. I would say, uh... There's 40. 36. Not too bad. I was too far off 36. Boy, I'm talking about. We've known each other for 19 years. Wow. Oh boy. Yeah, what's the part of time I would like to give you a big kiss on Lipsuite, aren't you? You know that. Hey, you know? Well, they're not parking up those long time ago. We're young. Yeah, nothing happened there. Unfortunately, yeah. That may have been the biggest shot. Thank you, shrub. Huh? That day. I can't believe you remember that. Of course, I remember that. Like, clear as day. I was, I was cruising the 21st street beach over there on Colons Avenue. You know, the big park I'm out there. And, you know, the hustlers used to hang out over there on the wall. I mean, I can't talk about hustlers in paying for sex, but of course, I did. So did everybody else. And little Joey is out there by that place by the kitchen club. I can't remember you remember the name of that place. Oh, yes, I do. Oh, yeah, because those two goofballs that went in got my sunny young guy soup that time at the Thai restaurant came in. Oh, kitchen club, kitchen club, and of course, that was what started the Amami Beach Police on that whole Wicharton whole deal, which eventually led to, you know, what? But nevertheless. And so you over there doing what you came up with some of the excuse. And I thought Joey is a hustler over here. He's like, a cello is buying or something? I was, I was, I was, make up of this story. Joey, I literally, I was leading and listening to your wife. I was in, by being in some good spirits before I went into the club. That's, look club. The kitchen club. Oh, the kitchen club. What the, what? I didn't even know what it was. The kitchen club was a bar. It was like a night goes like, uh, when when retro was getting in. You know, I see. I don't know. Well, I saw you hanging out over there and boy, when you when I went, our eyes met. Today, and you know, so that I didn't take your home. That would have changed your altitude a lot of time. I believe that. I didn't turn your ass around so to speak. And it's funny because yesterday's Paul has left, and because on the very, on the second date, my wife and I were on, we're walking on, we're getting to the cameo. And somebody approached me right in front of her in F. And, uh, proposition being, I had to immediately grab her and say, I'm sorry. I'm a jerk. Really? Well, somebody obviously would taste because back in those days, you look pretty good. I'm sure. Now I was back with any more, but that's, you know. I'm saying you're very badly. When you have you really? Yeah. You were. He's just saying that to her. To cover his ass, so to speak. Well, listen, sweetheart, it's good hearing from you. Thanks for the memories. Likewise. I'll see you at the kitchen club. All right, take your meal. Bye. How do you like that? A little Joey. I was like, to hear from you. Don't you ever wonder, whatever happened, all these guys that used to be such big fans. First of all, back in the day, the day. So I had, of course, when you're on F, you have all these young living and breathing people, you know. And I had all these guys like from Nova and from, you know, even some from U.M., which, you know, you know, you are a, you're happy with me anymore. In fact, I'm wondering what's he's saying that that was long after I done U.M. baseball six years on W. News. And then when you run TV on Channel 33 with Bob Greasy, what was he a boring guy or what? Yes, he was. And I still remember the days he used to bring his son. That's before Brian started drinking. That's what he was about ten years old. He used to bring him up in the booth before the games, you know. I thought, God, what a, a chubby little ugly kid and what a boring guy Bob Greasy is. He was then he still is. Ever heard him do the color on a game and so Chris. Who? Bob Greasy. Yeah, that's why I don't really watch the pieces of the grease man, you know. WQAM, hello. Now there's one of the better ones. QAM, hello. I'll show you how. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm so glad I got 30 on your anniversary. Happy anniversary of a 20 year plus tonight. Oh, and I got a brother and a bunch of friends that are 20 year plus guys also. All right. Thanks a lot, Kelly. They don't have to. They don't come in your ball rating. So there's a lot more people out there who are 20 plus listeners. I'm sure. But you're really buddy. Take care. Thanks, we are. Bye. Yeah, the thing about the 20 to 30 year. That's when he is a shocker. So like I'm a part of these people's lives. Like I'm a great grandpony or whatever. We used to be uncle Neil. Now it's grandpony. But I started to say whatever. After all those kids that used to listen on Zeta. Let's see. That was back 20 years ago. So they would all be like, like Joey 36 38 40. Hike. Five six. Uh oh. Uh oh. What are you doing? Some spastic things. I'm not going to see him ring now. But for just like a millisecond of the all just when solid black there. You know, how does little squares there go black, which means, O is what that means. WQAM hello. Happy and reverse. Going to bat boys. The public. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. Yes. Want to say happy anniversary to Neil. You're speaking to him. Thank you. Hello, Neil. Happy anniversary. Thanks again. You know what this is? No. I do. Pizza man. Pizza board up. Uh. Wow. How are you? It's not pound board. When I was a kid, I was like, I was like, Yeah. Exactly. Try it on peep. Uh. It's not peep. Who is it? Chop. Man. My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my pizza board up. I'm glad you're here. How are you? I'm trying to do that. You're still, I have a mom. Pizza man. Pizza man. Oh, pizza man. I thought he said pizza board off. You're on pizza. You are a nice party. You are a nice party. You're on, you know? 31 years and you don't got the name yet. Look at all the money that I made this man. You're here. I was going through his divorce. The whole deal was great. I appreciate it. No. No end. So how are you doing, Jeff? I'm doing pretty good. And you? I'm doing great. I haven't. I just got to read the pressing email from Norma. Can't probably about Joe Bell and about to be put in. to Bob all brother. I don't want this to live on all days. You know I called Norma Kent last night. He could be the most depressing person on the face of the earth. Norma, this don't don't be sending me this crap Norma. Just follow up your follow up your ass of his feet. You know I want to tell you I try and get through the week or so though when you're looking for somewhere to eat you are going to go to Capitol grill do you remember that? Yes I did go to Capitol grill we had a great time and a great meal. Yes. Okay. Well the next time you're in town you want to try a good meal. There's a place called Grill 66. He ever heard of it. A few street cars like really. Do you remember B. Strow, as a luna from 17th Street? Sure. They got the original owner and original chef from there opened up grill 66. It's right there by the high end. And the food is unbelievable. My favorite restaurant in town is really. Really what's in it again? Grill 66. It's a thrill as a grill. Yes sir. Well thanks for your Peter whatever your name is. Take care of yourself. Come and visit when you're in town. I'll see you one day. I'll see you one day. I'll take care. I like that. I thought I said pizza board off. He said what he says likes of pizza or something like that. Oh, for me. Thousands and 40 tallies there on our survey today. I think our goal is like 20 million in it. That's what he's seeing. So, let's all know why since they were like untouched. I'm sure you'll find the shoe. I know that the Lord even loves Neorodges. W. I. O. Day. Hello. Take it central. Hello. Can I have the ticket please? To for what? What are they for? What are they for? I guess I can't get them because I don't know what they're for. Well, I mean, if you wanted them. I can hardly hear you suckers out the radio is on so long. But I mean, if you wanted a free ticket, so you don't know what they're for. Why do I just because they're free? You want them just because they're free. They don't even know what they're for. For the horse racers? Yeah. Oh, in the population in Papadau. They're for races in Papadau at the Irish Fest. They're having horse racers at the Municipal Stadium. Well, you tell me with him. I want them because I have some friends out of town. I want to give it to him. For what? For the horse racers? I don't know. Why did you call? You heard that magic word didn't you? Sweet. Right? Isn't that what you did? You heard Neil say, sweet. Hello. Hello. Yes. You want them? Yes. I would like them and have a kiss. Hold on. Well, I wish you a soft toast back then as opposed to the hard hard and bastard that I am now. Best doggo. That was good. The guy the biggest day was emulating that color from back in the first week or two on KT. You're not going to make six months in this time, Mr. Right. And he's long since did not. He's pushing up pansies that guy. Did you pass out on the. Not yet. No, but I am swooding. Are you swooning over there? You know it. They want to see if George can if they can get George to croak because George so this big of those tapes on. Oh, what I started this day before because it's the first to march. And I got sidetracked and I should not because this to me is one of the most important things of my life. March to April to May to June is three, three and a half months and some are scheduled start. Oh, man. When we got George Monday, Wednesday and Friday and yours truly only so many on March, takes a quick base. I'd like that for a linguistic. So I'll show I get into because we could take evening calls. Jeff Cohen called actually. How do you like that? Maybe you're a shimmer. We'll be calling pretty soon. I want to feast a lot. Tammy sends a three page facts in regard in the beginning at least to the poll we took yesterday about the game and statement don't have gay sex. She says, oh yeah, who are you people kidding? Writing is the life of a behavioral science major. I can assure you that what your colleagues in QA and no about sex could and your words fit into a symbol with women up to spare for the Chinese army. Those are some credentials. If gay's can engage in sex with straits, straight men can most certainly engage in sex with gay's and they do and it doesn't change their sexual orientation. Tammy, you're absolutely correct. It's not a word George is it? Yeah. It's not me. And I love your line. You always say, if it makes you feel better to think that. See, if it makes me feel good, I don't care really care one way or the other. If it makes me feel better, it's even saying about feelings. She says, what about straight men who go to prison and haven't got a woman to do just other men to do? Yes, men suddenly lose their straightness. Yes. That's what about straight men in the military during war when they're no women around. You want to convince me that they don't do each other during war. We are she's using the airport a lot. Regardless of the last don't tell, you also want to convince me there anything other than straight gay. I was in asking you George, I'm reading her facts. We're not asking you. You're already giving you a opinion on this eight million times. You don't have any idea what you're talking about. Right. What about straight college guys who experiment with gay sex? Does that normally make them gay? They never were straight. To my ear, it's not the yesterday. If you don't come over to sledgehammer and hit him in the head, it won't take much with those fumes. Hit him in the head. To my ear, it's not the yesterday. The men of QAM, Doth protest too much. She says, sounds like they're not too sure about their own sexual identities. If you know what I mean, Tammy says. Straighten and who vehemently deny that straight men have gay sex. I like that they have issues of their own or secrets. They wish they're not be revealed. After all, you've said it before QAM is sports queer radio. Makes you wonder how many of those QAM guys we heard yesterday are true closet cases. You want to do a poll on that one sometime at four. We have to hook all those away. They got sent to the light detectors to get the real truth. Nobody had to hook those. Remember I told you how they do that? Then the kids you before, they put those the sensors. Sensors on their genitals. And then they show them their kinds of erotica of porno. And they were able to measure their reaction. Nobody was able to test him during those little liners. Anyway, it's amazing in this day and age. What with our societies, exposure to the likes of sex experts, like Dr. Ruth, Dr. Drupinski, and actually syndicated commas Dan Savage, that the brain dead avals of QAM aren't sophisticated, uh, and sophisticatedly enlighten enough about sex. But rather, are still the end of thousand crow magnum cavemen on the subject. Evolve already. Okay, systemic. Evolve already. With all these tape testimonials I knew show yesterday, all they managed to prove is how QAM is overwhelmingly staffed by immature, unknowledgeable, unlike unlighten and stupid minimum, who opened their effing pythols before they think. Kind of reminds me of that whole tim harder way business. And it's debatable whether they even know how to do that. Is it really any wonder how stupid these people are after all these dumb Fs can't even keep your show on here without their chronic, practically daily, technical F ups. Well, watch your language standing on. No professional broadcast outfit outside South Florida with high such incompetent children for radio. QM is an insane. Oh, QAM is an insane asylum and the patients are in charge. And she worked up her what? Apparently. Struck a cord. We can back here for a thanks from Earl. Congratulations, Dean of the Brothers, been riding with you since 1990. Thanks a lot, Earl, Earl the Pearl. I remember Earl the Pearl was a, is he still lying? Is he over at Kiss? And he's really? Yes. So I'm at the last Christmas party and he's a good guy and continues to be. He has a good guy. He has to be an I-95. When Keith I, as he was the program director, if he'd be in the most pigeon eggs, well, he was a strange guy. I mean, Kyle Isley. Now I'm confused. No Kyle was a, he's dead. He was my a board-off. He's a good kid and he died a long time ago. Skin cancer. Don't argue idiots out there go out and get the baked, okay? At least not in the sun. She says QM is insane asylum and patients are in charge. Absolutely correct. So I have a listen to another radio station with as many intellectually challenged P-brain doals with no clue about the professional broadcast in the U.S. Tammy says these people from the board-offs on up to Joe Bell should all be fired in and set up to find work they can actually perform comfortably like maybe digging ditches and laying sewer pipes. See if they could screw that up. It's quite telling that these idiots, found plenty of time to take these testimonials to the redwints and stupidity, but couldn't come together and devote an equally dedicated effort to ironing after problems you've been having with the phones, the streaming your board all these things. This is how they repay you for all you do and have done for them. Well, I ought to hire her as my agent. You read that. Norma. Bitch. These QM people wouldn't be able to afford paper clips for their offices or toilet paper to wipe their asses with an acute and bathroom or not for you and your rating single-handedly carrying that station on your back. Your successes paved their path and gold, dolphins, marbles and panther games didn't do it. Sports talked didn't do it. You did it. I'll ride. I did it. Which I'll ride. And the way they repay you is to stick you with a substandard studio malfunctioning in poorly-service equipment under achieving salespeople and ever-apps in program director, a buffoon for a gentle manager and an array of staff people who couldn't tell their visits between their air holes in their belly buttons. I'll ride. If not for you QM might have sunk like a stone but made to wonder go away for my change and been dumped by the beeslies in a fire sale by now. Neil I can't believe you said the other day that you told your Lord to spend his time better by trying to get your contracts extended in other five years. Why, Tammy wants no why. In other words. Why? Just what would possess you to think these people in their smithy operation that passes for radio station would treat you when you're show any better? You honestly believe these people in maturing the broadcast are standing there five years. Ten? No. If you would have showed a broadcasting for dummies manual up their rectums, they'd still never get in a thousand years says Pistoff Tammy. She's wild. She's like the Pistoff Caveman I guess. They don't deserve you and you don't deserve the crap they've issued out to you. I wish you the very best on your 31st anniversary today. But it comes with a tinge of sadness that you've chosen. Oh, this is great. That you've chosen this celebrated in such an inferior station set by such an event of morons when you could be in a better and more professional station around serious. Let's hope you're 35th and 40th anniversary. Don't find you behind a QM microphone. Am I higher? Please don't close out your long and illustrious career at a smith factory. Like QAM. All right, Tammy. A smith factory. You should listen to that part. Well, she didn't even mention about the fumes in the air. In fact, you guys are suing and throwing on the floor and the guitar baby on the roof and all that stuff. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yeah, hi, how you doing? I'm doing okay. Well, you know, I wanted to talk a little bit about this paternity business that you mentioned. And I just want to ask, if you have any best friends and how long as you have those best and for. What does that mean? Well, it means what does that have to do with this? It has to do with it. Everybody got best friends. I mean, they have many times at all. Sure. It has to do with the paternity. And not necessarily taking showers or or all the other hazing and whatnot that goes on. But it has to do with hanging out with a bunch of guys. I have two, I have two best friends. One is straight. One is gay. I've never had sex with either one of them. I've never seen either one of them naked. They're having a desire to do either one of the above. Okay. In the paternity. Don't take showers with them. Don't stop towels at them. All right. In the paternity house, we don't socialize by can shower together. If a guy takes a shower and the other guy's got to go to class. He goes in the shower as well. It's not a question of socializing in the shower. Well, I'm not talking about socializing in the shower fraternities. We're talking about hazing and initiation and fraternity and group sex. I'll tell you about hazing and initiation. When you are, when you're in the age of adolescence, 18, 19, and you're trying to find yourself in college. Whatever it may college may be fraternities lend itself to putting a bunch of guys that are like you. What I see like you, I mean, they like to say, me interest, they play the same sports. They're a group of guys together that automatically, for some reason, I can't explain why, become your good friends for life. Now, when you have a good friend and like I mentioned to you, when you have a best friend or someone who's a good friend of yours, you share experiences with them and part of become a sexual experience. No, well, it could be, it could be two guys on a girl. It could be two girls on two guys. It could be, you know, in the bathroom, four guys taking showers with four girls. The experience, sexual or not sexual is irrelevant. No, no, it's not. It's not irrelevant at all. Of course, it is. No, it is right. When you're in a fraternity, your your goals are to make friends. Because because you have friends, so because you have a best friend or a bunch of good friends, doesn't mean a that you take showers with them because you're going to be friends for a long time and b certainly doesn't mean that you share sexual experiences with them. Or can I, can I, can I, can I have a group sex with them? You can, you know, some of the, I belong to a health club and in the health club that I belong to is a completely heterosexual health club. Yeah, the shower is the shower with, uh, with six falls on it. Now do you think that I've become part of that health club so that I can work out with guys and then go take showers? I have no idea. Oh, you can answer that question. Okay. The better, the better. I will, I will tell you this. There are plenty of guys who do, but that's beside the point. That's beside the point. Me, personally, I do not. That's a bastion of homosexual activity, eating health clubs. I do not go and join the fraternity. No, don't sound the case. We believe you. Yeah. Point of a fraternity and communal showers and group sex and whatnot is not a question. What is the point of rule sex? The point of a fraternity and hazing and the point of becoming a woman. What is the point of nothing? What is the point of making all the, what is the point of making the young kids get naked? I'll tell you, I'll tell you, tell you what it is. I'll tell you, I'll give you a, a straits for more than. Please, let's bring in the long, when you belong to a fraternity and I'll say it again. You belong to a bunch of guys that are going to be your friends for life. And part of the, so why, why did you, I'm trying to get naked for you? Let me finish part of the experience of having a best friend, whether it may be a best friend that you play soccer with or may, whether it may be a best friend that you are drinking with. Yeah. If you share intimate moments, not intimate moments. That's sexual. That's sexual. What I think intimate, I don't mean sexual. I mean intimate in the sense that you will not share that kind of experience with anybody else who's not your friend. For example, sir, I was on the, this sounds so faggot to me that even I'm embarrassed for you, sir. You want to know? Sounds very faggot to me. Running through the beach naked with a bunch of guys. You're never going to share experience with anybody else. Not even your wife or your kids, or any other friends that you're, Why would you, I don't want to run, why would you run around with a bunch of guys? Why do you want to do that? Why do you want to do that? Oh, that, hazing is not a question of you. Why do you don't have a choice? Right. Because what? And why do you want to force these kids to be naked? Why do they always have to take their clothes off? My, my closet friend. I love every day. That hangs out of the showers of the gym. Why don't you tell me the real story here, on an everyday experience, people do not in a fraternity walk around naked nor do they naked. No, you're such stuff. Get my pants stopped on my couch and rain. Stop with a steam in the steam bath. Okay. Let's get a lot to the meat of the matter. Tell me why you want to see make these guys get naked. What's that all about? It's a matter of respect. It's a matter of respect for what? No, it's a matter of lack of respect for them. By you. It's a matter of lack of respect. If I respect somebody, I'm not going to force them to a, the grade themselves and embarrass and humiliate themselves. You know, they're going to be part of my, wow, but if you're going to be part of a particular group of friends and guys, who says that? Sir, I want to, I want to tell you this. Yeah, I want to tell you this, okay? Without any more discussion, it's very simple. A child could tell you if somebody demands that I get naked in order to be their friend, I'll pass, okay? There's a good message for all you kids out there. If any other male, your age older, whatever age, if they demand that you take your clothes off and engage in some kind of naked hanky panky in order to be a part of their club, in order to be your buddy, in order to be their pal, run like a bandit, run like a son of a bitch. That's the best call I've ever had in my life. Do fairies. Well, there you go. No, I'm still good. Even better than a good standard. Huh? I said, even better than the bridge. Oh, must better than a bridge standard. And much less overplayed. I think we better play a deal one of these time too. And old. Anyway, Tammy, who, you know, I just read the, uh, went to the hot male thing and I read Norma Kins. Ladies, uh, hysterical, uh, email to the Joel Mell share. I don't know what he's all whipped up about. I talked to him last night. And at the end of the day, he says, and you want to talk about extending the old contract another two years. Yeah. Uh, so he does whatever he wants to do Norma Kins. He just goes off on his, his tans. It's a try to grandstand. And I told him, just instead of working until I croaked, I want the money. And that's the deal, Tammy. I'm not interested in respect. I'm not interested in like, uh, you know, ending it some great, right here. There are no more great radio stations. Tammy, don't you get it? You better get serious on it. He's a great facts, but get real. Mm-hmm. She's talking to Kaka. Thousand, uh, 90 votes, Tally's, whatever there's on our survey. And just the result is amazing. 22 of it, listening since day one. That's 31 years. Wow. Woo. I'm out of the way. We've done a new tribute to George too. Shouldn't we Chris? Chris can do that. He's going to talk about George in the 16 or 17 years. He's working on the show, IOD, and here. And what a great job. He's done in spite of man has been hating him in both places and treating my craft and underpages asked 17 years. It will be, I'll say 17 years. Well, October 1st, 1990 was when they forced me to fill in for Marvin, who didn't show up yet again. Yeah, Marvin. And threatened me with my job if I didn't show up this time. And I said, I don't want to, he's a mean man. And everybody's been thinking about that. And Gary Bruce said, uh, we need somebody that can come in when we call them to. And isn't afraid to work with certain individuals. And so I, uh, you know, I stuffed some cotton at my button came in. Really? Yeah. And it's still there. That was. Yeah, I should change it once the one. Well, thanks, George. You're the best. It's been great. So yeah, except for the fumes. It's a pity for that, except for the money. Don't blame me for that. No. But I did thank you for refusing to say that. I checked for setting up that nice, exciting thing they knew. And believe me today, they were very good in my family. Huh? Thank you for paying my bills and feeding my family. Right. Well, thank you for enhancing my, uh, you know, believing me as much as you do. Phil Beckman says happy anniversary for me former South Florida radio person. Never hurt your Phil. I was told to listen to you when I started to magic one or two April 87. I didn't although I left Miami radio 90 or congratulations Phil. I still listen to you over here in Naples. This is where a good AM civil Trump's FM and sheer coverage area. Your water card broadcast your yes, I am Phil. And I wish you continued successfully to sell you had enough. One question. When did you start using drop-ins? Oh, they really had to show and take talent to use properly. Oh, yeah. It's as opposed to my time or Chris Baker. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Chris Baker, Chris of the candlestick. Oh, my God. Thanks for 31. Great year's 20, which I've been privileged to share. So, Phil, thank you so much. And if you're smart to get out of the business. Okay. All you kids out there don't get into the radio business. It blows. Been okay to me, especially in the financial side. Although mentally, I probably could use a little rehab, you know. A little mentally, frazzled and diffrizzled by. But it's just the nature of business. The business blows. Mm-hmm. Thousands, 1997, Tally's on this pool. How long have you been listening to old man? The legendary radio Rogers, probably 20 years, 300.79, 20 to 30 years, 266. You put those two together. You got 59% almost. 600 and let me do the math. 640, 5. Well, I'm telling you, I'm good with the numbers man. I'm good with math. Not what anything else. So, what? If I find a good number, I'm pretty good with it. Yeah. With him? I like a good number. Mm-hmm. Nine and twelve years, I'm worth 170, eight. five to eight years 135. Let me tell you about Berlin last summer not two to five years 88 since day one twenty two that's shocking. I'm an U.S.D. 12. I hate this full 10 and one year. Solomon they see at the. The biggest time for this challenge. How about in the Chinese? For the radio five sixty. Oh, now back to the new Rogers program on 12 14 WGDA. Here again, Americans youngest talk show host six year old Neil Rogers. Okay, this returns mail and there's more minutes left than the hour. Let's pick some calls. The only hello. And Neil, how's it going? Great. That's good. What's a liking for my subscription to the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle? All the good old DNC. What an abortion that people is. They have so many other people that like why's and they said, no, my business. Yeah, well, they're real nice of there. Okay, well, I just thought I'd let you know. You're a son of Americans. Have a nice life. Hello. Hello. I want to speak to Neil. You got him. Somebody on. Yes. Neil. Yes. Neil, you're a stinky think on bluish niff and bad weather at a penalty. They call this data far. Did we say, PMG? Don't speak it off. Not a mung brain. I run my bike three miles every Saturday to the initial. And this guy called me named. She and my new sister. Same on you. But we have you seen some of those bad boys at the new MP. You know, what are you tackling about a business like? A million producers in the world and they stick me in here with an egg. Shet is my daughter. Send me to Castle. Hello. How are you? You're used to being such a nice boy. Come out of your salt town. Hello. Yeah, but you can't share enough. You can't share enough. How do you eat this? It's offers from other stations. A period of my, a friend, Julia. But instead I stay here and entertain you, grow test. Subtune, do the back. Unbelievable. To me, the hell out? Oh, is this new writers? Look at the phone now you want to. How far again? Do you have a dial phone or a one? No, I had to put it to the operator. Who was? Let's look into that. Hey, I was listening to Joy Reynolds on WDKB W last night. Somebody asked him. Did you hear what he's been saying about you? No, I wasn't anymore. He's a dodgering old man. He claims he's only 40. Yeah, right. Do we be true in two? Oh, she said, a gift for seven. And if you think he's bad now, wait till he has you. Oh, okay. Let me come back. Maybe the egg will come out of his shell. But I hope not. So you see what I'm all against standing? I've only got the mismanagement of radio, which goes with the territory in a matter of which station you're at in this market. But I've also got Norma Kent, who's a Denver than a box of rocks. Denver than a bottle of iodine. Come on Norma, get with it. It's on the day by 31st anniversary. And instead of signing until your extension, so I can keep suck it up this money and live in the life of Riley. Instead of doing that, you have another adversarial day with Joe Bell. It looks to me like he wants to have a war. You know what I'm saying? Must go to the mattresses or something. Oh, yeah, the mattresses. Yeah, the mattresses. Like, what do I come in to? It's what I heard. Now, who are this come from? 1976 when Neil went on the ear and saw for this is pretty interesting. When you think a little bit, wow. Whoever put this stuff together, off the line, of course, off the internet. President Ford, a point to successor, January 30th, but turned in the... Former CIA director William E. Kulbing was dismissed last year. This is 76. Former Texas oilman, George Herbert Walker, Bush will have the agency until January next year. CIA. California, Governor Ronald Reagan campaigned, so the Republican presidential nomination, denouncing the Ford administration signing of last year's health stinky accord because of foot America's stamp of approval on Washington's segment of the captive nations, giving away freedom of means of people, freedom that was not ours to give. Secretary of State Kissinger calls Reagan trigger happy and the Republicans nominate President Ford. While I wish I could have met President Ford because he was a great athlete in Michigan, double the box of sawdust, but he was a great athlete. Hey, Russ, or wherever that idiot was yesterday morning on the morning show, you ought to hang your head in shame, Tom Dooley. Boxed in Red Sox under Tom Yalkyrie dies, Boston, Iain July 9, and Boston's 873. Leaving 15,000 acres of wildlife preserved of the state of South Carolina with a $10,000 trust fund to maintain it. I wonder if I was in his will. The on-man U.S. face vehicle, Viking Wonglands, on Mars July 20, transmits the first pictures from the plant of service Viking, two wives on Mars' September. Blast and other minorities are in temperament, a retroactive job security, these suit prey, U.S. Supreme Court rules marked 24. So far, now these are really very interesting, but nevertheless, oil bear and John Paul giddy died in the Sutton-Fly's Surrey home, June 6, 183, 1976, leaving a state valued more than a billion dollars, but he didn't leave me in his will either. I guess you knew U.S. just calm down, okay? Got a long way to go. Four new, new, who can't do. Four new, U.S. nuclear power act is big and commercial production of electricity. Don't tell me is this the same thing? What's another page? Yeah. Well, I knew that the facts would start pouring in by the ones just like the calls. I'll give a lot more calls on. Regularly, Skids will layer France and British Airways commercial supersonic concord flies the ingetary 21 between Paris and Rio and London by rain, respectively, by rain. Both airlines begin concord service to Washington, DC, May 24th, but the cost is developing and building the supersonic jet has been astronomical. It uses 20% more fuel-like conventional jet. Its payload is much smaller. It creates a sonic boom that shatters windows can only be flown over water, and will never be surprised. Panhandic and Zanzan stop near Khatokyo serviceable 206 using Boeing 747. This is 1976. The year I went on a year on KAT March 1, 1976, and day that will live in infamy. In your head, Tom Dolly. Microsoft Corpus founded Albuquerque by computer was Bill Gates and his friend Paul Allen with the state of the team of cleaners software business, separate from any hardware company. Apple computer is founded a for one of California Grige to produce personal computers. Steven Wazan the Ekens Stephen Jobs are a college drop outs. It was for six months designing the crude prototype for Apple One using ideas including the mouse. Picked up from business to zerox corporation. Maybe they have a lot of mice and rats running around at zerox. You know, zerox, once upon a time, the headquarters was in Rochester. Let's talk a lot about Rochester. Not films in 76. This is probably interesting. I'm glad something finally is. All of President's men with the zero. I mean with the Redford, Hoffman and Robards. The front with Woody Allen zero must still. About the blacklisting of the alleged counties in the 50s. Of his counties, the innocent with Jean Carlar Genie, Laura Anthony. I wonder how about Tony and no. Jennifer O'Neill. Marcell O'Feece. The author's documentary, the memory of Justice about the New Remberg Trial's after WWE and WWE 2, Cindy Lemass network with fade out of a Peter Finch William Holden Robert Duval. For my money, one of the great movies of all time. I think I Josh Cortison here to fall asleep again. How could anybody not that movie? I know it's slow, it's slow. The young people today don't have enough acting. And I've blood and I've got some of what? It's slow pace. It's a lot of talking. It's great. I loved it. We now have worked with seven beauties when Jean Carlar Genie and he knew what I'd do in Carlaman. He was all over the place. Small change with, I can't read that name at all. Some frog name. Desmosu. Philip Goldman. Also, how much bees bound for glory with Keith Curriting is Woody Guthrie. Don's party with John Harvey's. You know most of these movies, they never not only saw. I saw the front all the way. I saw them all. Most of them. Jodo will be 25 in the year 2000 with Marion Boy, Jean Luke Bidou. King of the Road with the Rudy A. Volgaer. The last tycoon with dinner. Gordon Parks led belly with Roger Mosley as the legendary folks in your convict and 12 string guitar player. Honey led better. Lumier with Moroff. I hope much of frogs and I can't read the front stuff. The man who fell earth would David Bowie and rip torn. The pink panther strikes the yellow with the great Peter sellers. Rocky with sliced all on one of the perfect. The shoot is with John Wayne Lauren Bacoll. Martin Scorsese, taxi driver with Robert dinner, civil shepherd and Harvey Cudell. There's a great flick. There was an M.A.B. dinner was best movie. You don't think? I'm thinking. And don't tell me, Godfather too. No, not. I don't know. Very good. I'll get back to you on that one, but you might be right. Get back to me on it. And Roman Polanski's the tenant with Polanski and Isabelle Ajani. As in Gianni Versace. Well there you go. That's what was going on in 76. Here's the fact from R.G. Jr. It says congratulations to all your anniversary. How can you have a day of memories and reflections of Mohore David's inside stories and funny book of Ryan Bitz? Please play some. Faith Felicester since 1980, 27 years almost 30. Thank you, R.G. Jr. or wherever you are. 1134. What's our goal today? 13. If we can't make it a 13 today, man, we just aren't cut it on the day of my 31st wedding and anniversary. All that stuff. How long have you been listening to the legendary Eorangers? 12 to 20 years, 32. 20 to 30 years, 279. 9 to 12 years, 184. 5 to 8 years, 138. 2 to 5 years, 90. Since day one, still 22. I think everybody else is dead because most of the people I had to KT, they were close to that at the time. I ate this pool 10. That's 0.8. Oh, 0.8. That's what Joel LaFamburg's got across the street. And one year, still seven. So the overwhelming majority then thanks to the Royal Audit and sub there, man. And you know we got four pages before. Am I going to have a lot of work at two? I better put a couple of weenies on the thing, you know? What is that thing? Flavor weed. The flavor wave. I'll see you easy to forget. Even I just bought that one for Josh Cortis. Hey, how are Josh Cortis coming to give me a big kiss on a Lipsa? He's in the air. He's in the air. He's listening on the headphones. Come on and give a little of low little kiss or whatever. 1134 votes, but the point me, I got four solid pages on the My space thing of people are, and I'm going to have to reply to all of them after the show. With unread, you know, unread on red, on red, on red, and, etc. Good. So if I only say, hey, thanks a lot and have a great life. I mean, I mean, rude, but just, you know, it's kind of boring. Cutting me, you look a little like this. Huh? Cutting me. It's right at one point, and then I'm listening to everybody. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey, hey. This is ready for whenever I shave my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour. He's in your on QAM. You don't have any national guards in them because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now. Not the national guard. Right? Not the national guard. No national guard in Iraq? No national guard in Iraq? No national guard. Yeah. You know. It's been worth my internship at the Uradings and Italian. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Well, I'm going to show you what a big ass, and I was to your hand. How? Wack them. Yeah, don't you get like somebody could have not been so mighty pants? Can I be easy? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Very no chance. I'll have to be coming back. Yeah. I'm trying to consider you a little greater than a contract. If you want to know what a second from that transmitted round, why that's easy? It can't. Show them what a shabby is bow. Go to the point where you need a bow. Don't put that in hand. Or you need a little show. You don't throw. I'm going to show you. I need your help. I need your help. I only got you the game. Clap. Take that by rating that part of doubt in the game. I'm going to have a remover. Go to the game. And we do. Yeah. Oh, you need your show. Yeah, don't you get like that. Oh, you need your bow. Oh, you need your free. Oh, you need your show. Oh, you need your little show. Oh, you need your little show. You need your white eraser. You can't get totally activated. Clap. Oh, you need your show. Are you going to show me? Like a tape. And I'm going to pop out. Oh, I do. I don't know how to live. With this weekend's call that doesn't. Now see here. Okay. Now see here. Pants are essential to a man's attire. Now I got all kinds of things in my pants. And a Martians and a dingo bear. Who knows what I'll find in the next? You know, many things have been said about my pants. I may not be wearing any now. But that's only cause an afflary of excitement. I sold them. But bit more for pants. Fred Moitz, a James Cocole. Come on. And another thing. Who bit more for hygiene? Or Mr. Whipple? And I think you know the answer to that one. And while I'm under subjectors' voice. Who bit more for the dolphins' offense? Slow-mo wasn't all. Or Mr. Kittle. Then let me give you something else. You're being packed a smoke. Who bit more for glee'd missed bathroom spray? Who are hey, beggar-dorn run-reaches? Or a buy-in-dennity? And the eye. You know where you can insult this. I'm the fact here. If Joyce went only tight. Wait. Wait, did you go? You can't go nowhere. I'm not the- Take off those check-in pants. Exactly. So anyhow, I could play all of his bits. But it would be the point, you know. When we point us a lot of trees. I think Mr. Right now go a nice car and nail. Life's gone 31 year. Yeah, I'm sure he is. You're good, though. You're good, though. You know, once it dance on my grave. Guess what? You'll croak first longer until that. That's my golden life. It's to I'll live the moment. The moment I stood. I'll live the on the station. I'll sit at that. Why did you keep making fun of his check-in pants? I'm getting the chicken, actually. I've already peed on your foot a little bit. And the chicken. I mean, he just, you know, how can I give him enough credit? I've done my semimnos checks all the time. Yeah, that's it. Is that all he cares about? You know, although I will say this to him. I mentioned this yesterday. He was the first one. I opened up the eye. I mentioned it. And do I have it here? I probably shouldn't. It's like when you send somebody a card. Yeah. Yeah. Is that good older? I mean, I don't send anybody cards. Do you send anybody birthday cards or, I mean, other than your family? I sent some e-cards every now and again. E-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-ee-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e First time a crescer nation and the only one that's going Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing Forget about Korea and the nuclear token and the right queen is drilling it over and over into our heads Appattery rag Ensuite Memphis of Texas Russia 3,000 people filled Our now forgotten Matrix pontoit domestic hate There's oil to be Sounded going after said down to Planked Osama, there's no longer mention of the name in Latin, but no encepheds are in dull, and be in complacent. Believe in every word of this cartelist administration, that controls my fear through me, the amendipulation, and the right wing is drilling it over and over it to our head. Through that arachnism, weapons of mass destruction, huh? The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying, we're all suspects now, not the ass dropped this day, I have nothing to hide, table-talkers all are saved, I know Bidiot's cattle don't have any reservations, doubt of provoked fableet, world annihilation, overshamed mass fall, and have a virgin installed, with no objection at all, till the crackdown of the malls and the right wing is drilling it over and over and over to our parade, wash it, I racked as a weapon of mass destruction, are you sure only a drag mass of weapon of mass destruction? So brilliant that a only a genius could write it and produce it and sing it and dittle it and he did it, I just go and check a neck, we love you, but yeah, he's an unafreciated talent, yes, but if you think of the pehime time all the time, I like that, I know they don't, that's why I said it. Five, six, let's take a bunch of a congressional tray phone calls here, so everybody can like take a little bit on my feet, got my bare feet, in fact you'll be amazed today, I got my walking shorts on, I don't know why, maybe you pointed on doing some walking around the house? No, I was just thinking that maybe there'd be a knock on the door and it'd be a surprise, is it worth a door, you know, like, handy grins, land shark? Yeah, like what you heard with you? Maybe somebody has sent him like a male stripper like that, yeah, that I told, I can't, I need to finish the story. Because I don't want to describe it, especially now in the middle of lunch hour, I mean this guy was so, he was groovy and he was really in groves, and Harry, and bowls like that, and I agree. I think he had club feet. Yeah, if I look at the mirror, I can see something even a little better than that, I mean that was really nasty. And he's like, dancing and you're getting like toast to me, and then, wow, and I'm thinking, oh, let me out of here, let me out of here, let me out of here, let me run, please, please, get a candle opener and open up the door so I can get out. It was not a note of don't do that to your friends, okay? If it's somebody who hate like foys, and which I think is why they did that, and you want to just embarrass the living F out of them, we'll just go right ahead and do it. WQAM, hello. Oh, hey, and you know that, wow, that was quite glad I got through. Congratulations, man. Thanks, Sally. I moved the floor to in 1991 to perpetuate my music career, which went down to toilet. Sure. And, but I'm thankful that I moved here because I would have never heard about you. I've learned quite a bit, but just listening to you and George too. Man, George, you're too an integral for you, those great tapes, too. That you've got in the camera. But, uh, it's not a tape one. It's not stop entertainment information, education, and the prices right. That was people would just shut up and listen, open areas. These people out there, they ought to be kissing their radio is right now. Like, bubble would say, kiss it. It's all good, kiss it. Great. Thanks, Sally. That's the, that's the, you know, thanks, right? So I had a great life. You too, pal. So you have these people are really sweet today, man. There's sweet. Oh, what was that? That knows how many that was that phone thing. And all it's not connected again. Oh, boy. Ha ha ha ha, but it's back. And it's doing spastic things. Although at least I got my green lights on down here, yeah. But the phone is doing some very, but hey, don't knock it. Okay, unless you try to, QAM hello. QAM. Okay, see, little, maybe little spas left over. QAM hello. Morning, sir. Yes, sir. How are you? Good noon. Great. 30, almost 31. I picked you up right after you were on for about two or three months. Oh, my God. Oh, you know, thanks for all the memories. I would agree with you that's probably a book as best that not the funniest. Right. I would say the funniest is still the botic. So, oh, that's coming up right into the break. I mean, let me tell you a quick little story. If you got a couple of seconds. Sure. I was with a friend of mine, taxi driver driving up 95, right as you get towards commercial. When we first heard that, and I thought this man, he had to pull over to the shoulder of the road and just sit there and beading on the wheel, rolling around. I thought this man was going to have a heart attack. I thought this guy is going to die on me here. And how am I going to get? Am I going to drive this? I'm going to drive this. Yeah. That's, that's, in my opinion, that's something I should have made national, national comedy routine. But chicken neck is certainly what's the first bit he did for you? Sitting on a button Delray. I think the focus on might have been the first one. I'm not really sure, but the both I think. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So anyways, thanks for all the memories, sir. Thanks a lot, Pal. Have a great life. Bye. And of course, one thing that all of us live this 15 to 20 years, a lot of other things says, 12 to 20 years and 20. I just picked numbers out of a hat, you know, out of my back though. Yeah, they're too. And I worse the monster. I could read them and then put them on the pool. I think if they, I think we spread it out pretty good there. It gives a good sampling. A good whatever demographic, which means you got a lot of old people. If they've been listening to 20 to 30 years, not necessarily. If you've been listening to like 20 years and you were like 16 when you started listening, you're like little joy. Only 36. He's not old. Especially by our standards, right? No. If you've been listening to 12 to 20 years, like if you've been a start listening when you were 18, if you've been listening to 12 years, you're, I would say, about 30 minutes. So what's wrong with that? We'll take it right now. Up in the East, something this year. Yeah, I do. This year. I'm on 35, more time. You'll find 60 years you, A, M. I took a call for the evening, Barnock. They said the beauty being bad for me. Now I can't get no job. Because I don't got no little earthy. As talking, I can only grow. I'm on the top of the house this way. Now I can't do nothing. But my heritage says that okay. Change my name to shoot grow. Drive it through. Send the quota in the can, and that. I remember when I was feeling over my pants, cause hanging out that, the building there, bar, run the blues, our bar, the teeth. But there was got to roll, y'all, hold me in. And I'm sorry. Photobomics will give my life a change now. I'm sorry. Got to roll with cell phone, back home, teeth. Back home, teeth, back home, teeth. Back home, teeth, back home, teeth. Back home, teeth, back home, teeth. Back home, teeth, back home, teeth. Noting what a boring song. Uh-huh. If I wanna make this sound funny, got nothing to do with literacy. Now I got to make more money. They have a pool sound good to me. I got plenty of nothing. If I wanna sing it in me, and he will, maybe I'll bug it all by bitch. Steel a purse and full of hair. Then I gonna take some money by a burial and a fridge at there. I remember when I was stealing all the white men's cars hanging outside, to build a deal bar, ran the blues, that father teeth. Why did they have a got to roll, y'all holding in. And I'm sorry. Photobomics will give my life a change now. Has to go with their more crack-o-k. Crack-o-k. Crack-o-k. Crack-o-k. Crack-o-k. Crack-o-k. Crack-o-k. Crack-o-k. Crack-o-k. Crack-o-k. Crack-o-k. She had his knowledge when we're talking about, so we better play it. We better play it. We go to pay a gig. She won't give you a ticket to get there, Rob. She's got a big deal. You take the bucket, don't pull her. It must be stupid, it's a big deal. She got one of the tickets. But you don't have a doubt. You have a doubt in the door town. Here's a piece of piece of a piece of a bag to be that is hard to be but as patient. Let's keep doing your holding. Hold it your body from that pedal. hold itonz Personality thestar toward it. Time, hold it! Go, just beat every man Oh You be bold You be bold You be bold You're bold I try a little bit but But But But But We are rich We are rich We are rich We are rich We are rich We are rich We are rich Yeah, I don't want to do this at the point I know what you are talking about So I am playing in both I am having a little M in solos With cheese here I am switching off a storm The bokers has tamarind blues Really? I think I just play that here tonight And not only that I just played that day But you know what I can't it's not in the alphabetical order here But ECS you know where it is Where it's right under there are two beds Bomber ass and It's playing a play But it's a pretty much like a first bed Stead along That's the cashier You check a neck Here the wall I was in front of you The it If you're young You lose I've got the jamber egg blues Oh Oh Oh Today What Hey How about my words Yeah, I'll give you a free pineapple strap I've got the jamber egg blues Oh Oh I know Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Okay, because Running my friends If you're like this There's the end I'm dying on my way To virtual live with Big men You get the jamber egg blues Oh I'm on every side Some memories of my dog I bought them in the pet store It was in the same I think like in commercial and university You are talking about No, because I'm there in a mall I know commercial university It's so weird Commercial and university is still there Well that's pretty good That's exciting See if I wasn't so out of touch I got some good news for By the way Next time I come back to town In a couple months I'm gonna weigh 170 something That is good news Well, if you listen a couple months who's skin. So, excellent. Burned things. See, one thing with Norma, you know, on the 31st anniversary, would this be a great day to a finance, Neo does sign another 20 year extension as contract, 20 years or unless he croaks first or whatever, you know? That'd be nice to, as opposed to having another verbal war and sitting some nasty, hostile message to Jersey, Jolly, Joe Bell about where is the promotion for the 31st anniversary? And I'm really pissed off about this. Get a life, Norma. Okay. God, must be her boyfriend's given her hard time. I don't know what her story is. Here's a fact since this happy 31st anniversary, I'll call Neil thanks to the daily therapy. You've helped me get through the day for about 20 years so far. I worked with your old friend, Harlan, a brand smart. What ever to happen, a Harlan and STEM, and all those guys from Nova, to be at the Zeta, they probably got out of town. STEM got married and had at least two kids that I know of. Didn't know we had to do them. Don't stop being yourself. It says, and please don't retire. You're good for these other 10 years. You're the best from your lawyer, Lister, and Emilio, and your friends at MSI Music, PS don't forget about me and your will, you bastard. And Ken Maldon says, happy anniversary. You've come along, Wacens K.T. Thanks, Ken. There's one of my favorite people in the whole world, Ken Maldon. I don't know if I'll ever see him again. He's a great guy. He's a good guy. You're a good guy. Great guy. He's a great guy. Love you, Ken. The greatest. He is. I'm appreciated of course, but he's there. See there today, you must be. Yes, I've seen him. He brought the facts and that's why I wrote it on there. Nice a lot of Ken, Kelly. Ken Maldon from WGBS back in the day when I guess Arne Warren was there in those days. Oh my god, Arne and Amis. They were really famous for about five minutes. I remember Lynn Russell when she was the PDKT. She was something that Arne Warren was the best radio person out in the market. And I was arguing with her telling me that Bill Carter was a lot of funnier than Arne Warren would ever be. And Bill Carter was a great guy. Oh, Arne Warren there. So, I said, you know, she's a candidate now. She might be right. She might be outside the window now, right? Did not kind of do her. Wouldn't that be something? Here's Lynn Russell. I know Jim Alton will be there because he's dead. I told him that time he tried to take me home with him that night we had the, what was the restaurant down there and saw Pete Piccolo's. Great attending restaurant. Boy, I love that place. He first he tried to pick up the young waiter, which was not a bad idea because he was really cute. And they tried to pick me up. I mean, yeah. What were you meeting with him? Really heavy in those days. What do you have heard himself? As a matter of fact, yes. Yeah, and then with the knees then lift with the knees. No chance. Not this girl. No way Jose. Uh-huh. Not for nobody. And I do mean and nobody. Trailer and tree votes on a pool. Boy, we got 13. Like, don't we? Yeah, I got 26. You know, I don't have any equipment problems today. I mean, the phone's a little bit spicy, but it's been okay. And the green lights are going to the green lights. So, we'll get to the anniversary show. But it does seem like yesterday, you know? Maybe we'll only send that new 40 year deal. I work like from 10 to 10 30. And then George from like 10 30 to 11, and then some of those great tapes. Oh, yeah, that Joe Bell is so much in love with. I think he doesn't have a tapeworm. Don't you? Is that what it is? It's what he's been. Because he said he's got tapes up there. Right, though. That's what they call it. You'll tapeworm. The biggest name. So best challenge for this is the Rogers Sports Radio 560. The first three. Yeah. The first three. The first three. The first three. The first three. The first three. The first three. The first three. The first three. The first three. The first three. The first three. The first three. The first three. The first three. The first three. The first three. The first three. The first three. The first three. The first three. The first three. The first and the first, they call it the scene. I just hope they can take it. For people to be brave. It's where they want to be. People. And just like they want to be a slim one. There's one in怎樣, who hurting somebody. Because something need to happen. It's true. It needs to be helped. In a manner that gets worse. In a manner that needs to be hurt. And then if we're angry on each other. When we are alone on that side eh, rest properly. Your feelings And then when I'm on home for three years, spend the day in Jewish bakeries, Jews wrote a leaf-delete case, and I thought I had all it got done. Please, it got you out of the house, and I'll be at the old Jews at the leaf-line pleasure, and be in the old. That's what I like about them. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! O'key, don't worry, Jesus! My shoes make us so without you. If you're clean, let your touch us, then let's all I like about them, God! Oh! He really young, God! What you think? You see how a Jew do doesn't stink? There's no coffee, only a monkey! And I thought I like about them, God! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh, O'key! Oh! Oh! Oh, oh! So, for this 3, 27-1, I've been able to take a look at the rest of the schedule. This because it's our 31st anniversary show. Does mean this is the only show I'm on a station today. Does it, no? Let's see, this must be one of his 40 days a year that he works. And I had dog 2 to 4, and the power hours back it returns with the Humphrey and the mad dog the other 4 to 5. Humphrey Solo, Hank Goldberg 5, the son followed by Panthers preview. No! At 7, my class Panthers against the Dallas Stars. It doesn't say, Ad Dallas, I'm assuming it's a home game with 7 and 30. Clarence must be a way with that basketball, a club semelay, it's not, huh? Okay. And then, Chris was telling me, he was ripping Clarence and Ancio that day was great. When we say about, he's got, yeah, you were saying he's got some tournament, the ACC or whatever. I said the ACC tournament, I believe is next week. Yeah. Whether the canes are in it or not, they're going to, him and Josie will be doing the ACC tournament. We're talking about the blind, leading the blind. Your Clarence and Josie, wow. Sure, so, guys, he sucks, okay. Yeah. So, that means that you won't be seeing too much of Clarence next week. And, you know what else it's just, Don, I mean, that I forgot all of it. Oh, my goodness, I'm going to make my date right now for, would buy in front of you. Why? Why? Cause tomorrow we get out of here early. See you forgot all of it. Oh, I didn't get all about that. Because all of you, is hurting your mind or what's left of question. Why? There's no question of the fumes of effectiveness today. Really? That makes still bad. They're getting a little better. Ha ha ha ha ha. I think you're just getting numb as what it is. Anyway, the marlins and the Orioles are first exhibitionist broadcast of the year at 1250 tomorrow. Now, let's see who's doing a game. So, I forget already. Who's doing the game? So, I'm ready. Who do we have? Who? Rock, see, burn, steam. Yeah. And I believe you. Oh, and I think you've been boring. Is he coming back again? It's far as I know. And what do I forgot? And, you know, Josh Cortis never did come in to give me a big radio kiss. That was bad. He will maybe his thing broke again. And the flavor wave, too. Maybe his girlfriend broke his thing again. And the flavor wave. He only received the three stories for me. Well, it's possible. I mean, I was so whipped up about this anniversary today. Do you believe that? No. I just maybe I just forgot about it. Maybe it's my old old time, where's kicking in. So that means we get out here at 1250 tomorrow for the baseball game. And I believe we got a bunch of those coming up fairly soon. Guys, love that baseball. Love those marlins. They are not bad. So, yeah. So, that's a good news for us and bad news for the ratings. I mean, bad news for somebody. 114 tallies on here. I think we got 13, I would like easy, man. 13, of course we should have about 2000 because it's not really a pull to survey. Everybody out there with a computer, everybody out there will take the time. Just a few seconds. They could tell you on there and do a little telly. Oh, if they want to do, they just don't care enough to send their very best. What kind of people are that? Lazy. 1214. We should be easily over like 4050,000. WDQAM. Hello. QAM. Yes, sir. New Rogers. That's the one. That's the one. Neil, old acquaintance. Mine here, port. Oh, my gosh. This is the reporter guy from the airport. Whatever you did there. Right, right. You got his girl. Your name began with a C. Oh, I could almost tell you what your name was. C. Guys. Garth, that's the guy. Remember you like it was it just yesterday. I haven't been doing it for a long time lately and I may have to come back to my mom. You still work in there, Garth? No, man. I gave it up about eight months ago. I don't blame you. Yeah, things are terrible. Really? Yeah. So, I was trying to get hold of you for a last couple hours. That wasn't a shower when you answered. And I lost you. Yeah. Yes, how are things going, guy? Things are going good, man. And I think I'm going to go back to my new international, even though it's his zoo over there. Because for a long time, they're going to airport. That terminal for it is terminal man. I'm going to be a worse year. Everyone will take a job there. No, no, I think I'm going to lay you on the job bit. Yeah, good idea. Me too. Yeah, but you're making that money guy. You've got to keep going. That's for damn sure. I'm making my money so I can leave a big will for all you guys, you know? Yeah, yeah. That's right. Well, it's good here from your Garth. You're okay? Yeah, yeah, yeah, my right. Eight of the lessons. Yeah, um. If you get a chance, I'd like to get hold of you off the radio, you know? For what? Um, you can give me a call or something in my house or, you know? If it's all right, you know? Well, when do you want to talk about Garth? Yeah, nothing off. Everybody here about really. No. Something. Something bad? No, no, no. Something good? Yeah, it could be good. It's right. I don't think the public are really want to hear about it, you know? Oh, just give me a clue. Give me a hint. Yeah, it's personal. You know, just, um, because I just, what? You're a regular guy when you're not near. You're not me. Just something I'd like to tell you. Okay, well, hold on. I'll put you on hold and Crystal take your number and maybe you want to be Days. All right, buddy. Thanks a lot, Garth. Hang in there. Do you have any idea what he's talking about or what is it? I thought I put him on hold. What happened to him? I'm still here. Okay. I thought I put him on hold. Oh, it says it's not connected. I'll, he's on hold. I got it. Oh. See, this thing is only partially working this thing that we thought I mean, Lisa can take the calls. Now, you got him, Chris. We got him. He's a good guy. He used to be like a porter at my international and every time I'd be waiting for Canada, he would always combine, give me a big hand shake and like a good guy. Listen, you know, like a regular guy. 1238, 22, there's the appool guy. I probably should do that. Um, although, all these are different pools. You know, they got 87 different pools. Look at that. Julie, any 44 percent of the cane is dropping like a rock, 44 to 19, Julie, any say at him. And Barack Obama is getting on Hillary like she's laying flat. I'll get him with that. He said, hmm. I don't know. I mean, don't you think I'd be taking 80 million phone calls after all. We got all this. I think publicity, the TV, right there there. Oh yeah. Are you going to start doing a normal Cantonown start picking on it? I'm going to great move today and can say, notice I'm going to take it. Then have, are you the one that's giving me everybody? I know they all give me this crap. Oh, if you're happy, we're happy. If you're in a good mood, we're in a good mood. That's all very important for you to be happy. I'm concerned. Good. Am I not? Yeah. I'm excited to hear about that. I said to the contrary. I don't know. You're suggesting, I don't you're sure. Then we Joe Bellian, you would normally can't. Oh yeah. I think it's a George Norma. Yeah. If that would be surprised that the two of you guys are low before the week is up. Uh huh. You and Norma, I can just see that. Oh God. It's good. Not. The mad dog is out of control. And you'll find out why. When you hear the latest release from Blackbuster Entertainment, Jim Maddich sings, do it. Well, I'll ride. I'm around and sweet, well. I'll ride. Here's a mad dog. Jim Maddich sings, bless it, raw. I'm around. I'll ride. Oh, man. I'm around. It's a ride. Oh, man. I said to the contrary. I said to the contrary. I said to the contrary. Well, man, it's good. A ride. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. At first, Jim said he built a little bit foolish. Oh, man. I knew it to the whole house. But now he said, I like it. I would like it. The mad dog just can't piss enough with that cottage cheese, but if he wants me to sing God bless him, Arty, and face to his suggestion, I'll be right back. Oh, do it. You got the soul. And everybody knows that it's so mad. Oh, man. Oh, man. Listen to the bad dog. Sing himself, happy. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Sing, do it. So they're able to know it. All blocks us this school. Oh, man. How 46 mad dog would be heard to a clock to say. I've known. And the Humper sends me a nice facts here. How many GMs have we outlasted? And I wrote down the names of all the GMs I worked for. All I can't remember was the guy that I and Z. Who's a moron. Tim. Oh, I can't remember his name. Oh, you can't remember me on the year. I got children teenage children who wasn't in the old show. Remember that? Yeah. I can't remember his name. Who's the son of law of the owner of I and Z? An idiot. Anyway, says a happy anniversary. Gary Bruce got me his name. How's Hank doing? He's losing out through two? Did he come in and give you this? Allison did. Oh. So in other words, you don't know you haven't seen Hank up close in personal recently or what? Yeah. So in the Casper Lucro, I'm writing the general managers all my work for it. Stanley Cohen, Lucro and Stanley Cohen. Gary Lawrence, who is a good guy? And the Casper was the best. Tim, uh, heartaway. No, Tim, uh, something I can't think of his name. And that's something. What a jackass he was. Um, Mike Disney, Bob Green, and the Greg Reed. And of course now it's a Jaleigh by Joe Bell. Tally Jersey, Araleigh, Joe Bell. I don't think Joe's going to last too long either because I think he in Norma going to have like a duel in the parking lot. So not if he nuts it, okay, Correll. I don't know what's going on with those guys. They're feuding and fighting. And in the meantime, I'm just trying to stay alive. That's all in coming here every day and do a fine job. Phil sends a fact and says, you know, back in the day, you know, back like an IOD. We were not a sports nerd station on a like a major ant well. This is an a major one. You know, 31 is, but just on the first and March, on anniversary show. The facts is we'd had pile of the ceiling. Am I right? Right. But to hear it's like there they are going to come in and by the ones. And I thought I'm complaining you understand, you know, how much should I book Kissing can you take a one day? How much ass? Let's find out. Neil, happy 31st when you walk here in the very distant future. Talk lady will never be the same. Sir, you are absolutely perfect sir. On the serve of the statement having gay sexual however you guys were phrasing it, when I was in college, one of the first psychosis I took was interdisciplinary sexuality, a very enlightening course. Interdisciplinary sexuality. Hmm. Is that like interplanetary sexuality? Maybe one thing I remember it said in the course textbook was if you were in jail, and you have homosexual relations, it doesn't, it doesn't make a person gay. I hope they shed some light on the subject and the judge will be able to deal with it, which you can't. Right. Right. You can't do it with a gay kind of lazy new eye on Tuesday, hand it on our websites and matter. Also just watch Crassion and have to say one of the best movies I've seen. Yes. I think that villains were most underrated actress authors, just feel, you know, something I was never big on Matt Tillham, but he's great in that movie. And I'll tell you, well, as great as you're growing who you're on, the way he's big is my buddy Ryan Philopy Ryan Philopy, Ryan Philopy who used to be Ryan Philopy, but now he's Ryan Philopy since he did that bitch. What's your name again? Oh, Reese with her spool. Reese with her name, which you can. I went to school with a kid named Bob with his spool and he was in my high school. Oh, boy, I just sit next to him. Hmm. You used to have to restrain myself from each of you over just kind of like grab in his legs. Things like that. Yeah, it's not good. Don't you think? Not good. It would have been well. I mean, myself, probably would have been good if I hadn't restrained myself. Well, if I could just do all of those things over again. Wow, holy, moly, rat man. Oh, Jesus God. Ha ha ha ha. Of course, I'd probably got an expo from school I would not have been good. I did get tossed out of Michigan State for not going to class because I was busy drinking mysterbrow. Mm-hmm. Good play. Later on on my ass and I go to class, but I still have a good time for a couple of years. And my parents' expense. That was bad. I mean, go on to college to get in the bright, oh, I did not say that. Why? Why? Because we got that broadcasting thing on here. Yeah, yeah, yeah, college. Like I, what is it? It's a school. It's a school. Like I said, go to an expensive university, learn broadcasting. It's not a really. It all depends on what you can do. Like you're going to be in management. Look at all the rocket scientists. We've got a list I just gave you. Thanks a lot, Humper. 1249 tallies on our pool today on our survey. And the survey says, I'll get back to, I don't want to keep reading. It's a bunch of numbers, you know. What we could be taking a lot of these really good calls for my close personal friends. I mean, I still can't believe Jeff Cohen called him. And you know this, I let him off the hook. We're easy at a ask him about that, you know, the whole deal, they're what really happened. There's so many stories about that. And I really don't carry still. He's still okay. I think. W2A, I'm hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. Oh, happy anniversary. Thanks, Pally. Now, the reason I was calling is because I got yesterday, I sort of first time on DVD. I've seen the film of course. I got the new and network, the 30th anniversary edition. Really? I didn't know there was one out. And there's some extra stuff on it, leaving the house. I'm pronouncing his name, I'd like an interview with Patty. Patty pronounced his wife. Yeah, he's got a short show. I'm not gonna take this anymore. Oh, right. Yeah. And interview with him on the Adonit Shorshow. And, he, the, you, I say, yeah, and your Chevrolet. He, her name was Fanny Rose Shore. And he was Jewish. And when I told him when she was on this of her life with Ralph Edwards, and he pointed out that her real name was that and that she was Jewish. She'd you want to jump out a cloud of a couch. Yeah. True story. Yeah, true story. I've seen it. It's a good DVD because they give you a signal a met does like audio commentary and you get there. You say down away and to get him on the signal a met. Was where you mold in the bottle? I was afraid, well, I don't know, two babies to see. Two bad Peter, Peter Finch died when he was on a way to get some award or something. He crouched. Well, actually, I think, you know, when he did that, Samantha's LLC and apparently it was done on two takes and they, I think the second time they did it, he was like, see when he was like, that's when Sydney kind of figured out he might not be feeling too well or something. Real. I hope the part didn't kill him. I wouldn't want that, so if he would've crouched right there in the middle of that scene, at least it would've been realistic, like Jason Roe bars in Magnolia. Yeah. Well, those tubes up his nose. Okay, listen, Paul, you have a great day. Okay. Listen to me, television is not the truth. So turn off your television and said, turn them off, right in the middle of the scene. Like that. I've chosen you to preach this, Mr. Bill. Why me? Because you're on television, dummy. I never knew we had that before. I can't believe that. Because you're on television, dummy. That was a great role by, and of course, it sure beat the one with the back dome deliverance for Ned Bady. That's what he said. He still sore about that other time. Oh, sure he is. Looks like he had a bad spanking there in deliverance. And tree. Well, I'm sorry. I'm excited to be a piece of that movie. It's kind of like a biographical thing. W2AM, hello. QAM. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. Thirty first anniversary. Thank you. Congratulations on the weight loss. Yes. And I got a problem on the weight loss, but maybe you can get a check. You know, as a couple of joints in the morning, and let's see, check. I need chocolate donuts. Neil, I can't get away from him. One, one, one. Yeah, yeah. Now my golden retriever used to have the same problem. WQAM, hello. QAM. Hi, Neil. Hi. Hi. My name is Brandy. It's so B-R-A-N-D-E-E. I just want to make sure you get it right in your will. Okay, no problem, Brandy. Thanks. Give me your precise. What? I say have a great day. Thanks, bye. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Five, six, three. Yeah, God forbid, I should spell somebody's name wrong. If I put him in my will, boy, got a long line. Long line of people going to be in that will. Not. Now, Chris is telling me how to put you in there for a little something. Everybody's told me. Put George in there for a little something. Something 17 years for Christ. So he put him in there for something. Well, that's sweet. I didn't say I was going to. I said, that's what Chris was so excited about. We planned to say, of course I will. Of course I'm going to do that. In fact, I might redo that whole thing this afternoon or whatever. Give north something to do. Yeah, give north or give normal off Joe Bell's ask for quite an hour. What is that all about? Can you believe that? On a day that is so great and I'm in such a great mood and so you fork and so happy everything else. It's not unhappy anniversary. Neil, it's happy anniversary. Norma, you quiz on you. You're fair. I was silly person, man. I speak in a two joints. There's living proof that too much bad weed man. Roth's your mind. I've been telling him that for years. Too much bad weed. Just rocks your brain or what's left in it. Like maybe even your back bone. If they're too shameful. 252 people have tallyed in tally-ho on our little survey here. How long have you been listening to the legendary Neil Rogers? That's what the Eric wrote and then he sent me that bill for the bandwidth. Ever listen, I mean it's just it's just do now I guess. Yeah, I was just one of those things. I can handle it. I'm making a couple of bucks. 252 people. 12 to 20 years, 437. 20 to 30 years, 308. See when you put those two together and you've got 745 between those two, which is 59 and a half percent of the entire audience. That's not a real good commentary on the tremendous audience we've built here on QM last nine plus years. Is it George? No. 9 to 12 years, 24, 5 to 8 years, 147, 25, 97. Since day one, 27 people since March 1st, 1976, it could just blow me away man. Does not be able to damn feathers of this. 27 since day one. I'm an old listener 13. I hate this pool 11 only zero point eight. That's how I'm a Joel Finder like. Oh, 28 percent and one year eight. Oh, heavy duty boys are real work out, yeah? And we accomplished anything here or what? We killed three hours. So far and only a one to go. All right. 8 sounds that you hate. But I'm in it and I think they're really great. I doubt that you can't hit a one or two. Much less or 8. 8 sounds that you hate. I'm in from the boys they will surely separate. I tell you what they are. Garanty you go. Yeah. I like fingernails on a blackboard. I see a crackdown next for their knuckles. When I run, start with all together. That just makes me just. 8 sounds you can't stand. But you could tolerate if you were half the man I am. 8 to the list of it. I'm for getting a knife scraping on a plate. Scraping on a plate. Scraping on a plate. Here's what I really love. You might want to try it. Give me feedback in my headphones. I hear that more like it. Little more. Little more. Yeah. Hey. Sounds so unique. Now let's review so you can really really treat. Sugar nails on a blackboard. For people to act at next door, they're not full. Roll up a styrofoam together. Call this makes me just full. I like when you see girls on a gym floor. Quitting in a movement on window. When I guess it's the feeling my mood. That makes me say, It's been no. My boy singing on his record. He says, Hold on. Find a child. And he shall give you the shivers. That makes you all wine. Hey, you've gone nuts if someone bites their pork like this. Because I love it. Here. I'll do it again. Do you have an nervous system left? How about the squeegee wiping window? I'll crack my neck. Stop. Stop for a win. Stop for a win. Oh wait. I got one more. Yeah, we got one more too. Okay. 105, 60, 72, and that's our big one. To our, um, 185, 31st anniversary show. This, I think this is our way to take a lot of calls. Don't you? Because I'm sure there are a lot of really important. If you sure if you're trying to disbelieve again, that's right. 1275 people are checking on a pool about how long they've been listening to the legendary New Rogers. And it will be a nice number to finish up with Chris. 1330. Okay. You want to know why? Why? What's the frequency for WKAT? 1360. Very good. Good guess. That would be a huge number. I mean, I don't know how you do that. I'd get to like 1360 and then like freeze like on the old prices right with Bill Colum. I'm going to freeze, Bill. I freeze this. Here's the facts. Thanks. You do. I've listened and called over last 20 years. I first started calling you as a hell raising punk drunk off my ass at six o'clock in the morning on Zeta. Wow. Now I'm married with a son. Don't drink or smoke anymore. I have your best of CDs. A flavor wave and still listen to work. We've all your bedtime stories too. And look at that. He's got a website here. Sell a bath. Sell a. Sell a. Atheist.com. Boy, I have seen that. I'm on there. Sell it. Atheist.com. I've seen that. So it's even ACA. Now, we're talking about the boss. So it's a little bit more moving. Okay. Before we do the eight million calls. New York Senator Hilbert Clinton claims to a shrinking lead over a lower Senator Barack Obama National Test Democratic primary oforder preference. Law Republican Rudy Giuliani is expanding his edge over John McCain, who's taking like a brick. Accordably news of the National Telephone Poll. The survey was the first insights. It's very public spat between the Clinton and the Obama campaigns of Kohaliwood fundraising and the the line voters which primary caucus they planned about next year was conducted February 22nd and 4th. The surveys overall march in Vera was plus or minus 3 points. Among those who said they vote in Democratic primary caucus for president Clinton leads with 33% up from 4% from last survey in January, but O'Vam has made dramatic gains in last six weeks moving from just 14% back in January to 25% so it's 3325 and most people don't even know who the hell he is yet. Former North Carolina Senator John Edwards is a distant third winning only 12% one in five said they were under Senate about which Democratic candidates to support. On the Republican side former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani's expanded his lead over McEundleady 29 to 20% mid-Romely the former Massachusetts Governor-wide of successful current business begrudering politics placed a distant turd on the GOP saw what he had like a nine percent not good. Nearly one in five Republican primary or caucus participants said they were unsure about whom to support and a Democratic race Clinton when solid support among older voters while Obama's got the Adrian Mung younger counterparts. Clinton holds a 31 to 24% age among white Democratic voters of Bammley's among African American 3627. Progressives give the nod to a Bammel on Mountwood's favorite Clinton. The two were deadlocked 30% 40% of my male Democratic voters were Clinton led among women 34 to 22% how sad that is. Ryan the mecosos. We're only gonna have how many of these polls we're gonna have every month. We're gonna have to wait for the election. We'll be back in the next year and a half. I mean it's only a year and a half away the election. So let's get all booked up about it now. The rank is the man. Remember I told you that a long time ago did I tell you that? Told you. Yeah you did. From 86 on this over 1360 means we need 76 more and 54 minutes. I think we can do it. WQAM hello. Neil? Yes. First before most would an honor I consider it to be a speaker if you want to be a 30% of our voters. The day my daughter's wedding is it is? I've learned a lot from you. I've promised respect and admiration for you. With that said, I still turned it over just a few minutes ago because another radio show just had Barack Obama on their lives and I must tell you you're right. That cast got us all together. Yeah. He's very eloquent. He's not ridiculously verbose about past like a lot of other politicians. He's very short sweet into the point. Right. And I just want to let you know that once again you know you know I put it a hand-punication over the years whatever but does it mean I can't crawl yet and let you know when I think you're correct on another issue. Okay, absolutely correct. Okay thanks, Sally. Not much much obliged Neil. Correct. Okay, I'm not obliged for the wonderful calling. Take a bite. WQAM hello. Copy the answer of an ensemble. WQAM hello. QAM. Hit it again. No, it's there's nothing I'm lost. QAM hello. ADO have me 31 years on the air. Thanks, Sally. And uh... President Maria, there's Paul. WQAM hello. It's a good cut for that great taste. Oh, it's noodles all right. Yeah, you know I never play that. Maybe maybe once it's a great while I play it and probably good I did. It's a good time for the great taste. Neil, this is noodles. Reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste. Maybe Greg but Elle will call in between waiting couple tables of these Australian Country Kitchen restaurant. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Greg nobody's still like, yeah. He had to break the news here Greg. But others are going to have the worst inferiority complex. He thought everybody hated them and you wanted to know why? They did. Yeah. Oh, WQAM hello. Hey Neil, how are you? Okay. It's been a great 31 years. I can't even believe it. You know, Greg and I we were talking a couple days ago. And we we knew this day was going to happen eventually again. And we're just happy that you're still in the air. We don't bother you as much anymore if you notice that. And Greg and I Greg and I and I know Greg from forcinglessly more chronic. Yeah, code for that. Just died. Did you read the facts that he sent earlier? No, I did not. It's a fact that she. You never sent it. No, I didn't. That was a joke. Well, that's good. Good to pay. Thanks. Thank you so much. Yeah, all of those chronic shots there. Guess what? It's whether it's an anniversary show, whether it's the day of my death, the day my daughter's wedding. We're not interested. Okay. Get lost. Okay. I'm not interested in you like P9 my leg. I'm already telling it off. Take a hike. WQAM hello. QAM. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. I've been visiting March of 1986. Well, I've learned a lot. Well, it's a learned a lot of stuff phone technique, man. I've got real phone problems around his end. Well, keep working on it. We've got problems too, man. That's where he probably learned it. QAM hello. Good afternoon, sir. How are you? Great. Congrats. And happy 31. It's a thrill to talk to you on this slide. You said the day of your daughter's wedding is the great thing. I heard you talking earlier about fraternities and colleges and the hazing and all that. Yeah, that's an old tape, yeah. Yeah, fraternities were and always will be for people who are too stupid to make friends on their own and they get the slime of the earth. And that's what they deserve. But I hope you're with us in the least of the other five years and five more after that. Okay, sounds good to me. Sounds like a plan, man. As long as the checks keep coming. Well, and may you, you know, my wish for you is someday you find management that deserves you. Okay. Yeah, good luck. Okay, thanks, man. Good luck with that. Bye bye. He was making sense. Still, he got to that point. Oh, brother. We got that lady in our management. Her name is Miss Management. She's the best WQAM. Hello. What do you deserve? KAM. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. Happy 31. Thank you. To tell you one of my favorite moments you ever mentioned was Heather from New York. Oh, who was my favorite? He was Heather. Yes, that was one of my favorite. New York. Yeah. The people are from New York. They just think they're better than you. Just because they're from New York. They're going to say, oh, we live in the city. You spoke to Noah City. Anyway, I wanted to wish you had him 31. I'm the proud owner of an original 1991 cassette with the bridge tender on it. Excellent. Excellent. And I wanted to tell you, I've been listening since the dating and mating show in 83 or so. However long that is. All right. That's the beginning of the year. So that was fun for a little bit. And then of course, the professional dating services got all upset because we were doing it for free for people. And you remember that? And then we had those picnics and they started bringing a blind mic by and all these other people. And they're trying to pee in our for a minute. They did a good job of that. That was a great show, Neil. Anyway, if you can play some of that Heather from New York, that might be good. Okay, thanks, Paul. Okay, we'll, uh, we'll screen it right now on here and see if we can do this. Oh, no, that's not, that's the canceling that. No. The call though was on four and a half minutes. Here's, uh, Heather from Fox News. Hi, Neil. How are you? I'm okay. I think. But thanks for taking our call. We've been trying to reach you for the past couple days. We're trying to reach me. You've called people I haven't been in vennity. You called dead relatives of mine. What's the story, Heather? We're working on a story about the CD. You're promoting on your website. That's called Kisses. I won't say it. And word. Good morning. Heather, are you listening to the show? Uh, yes, I am. I've been listening to as a couple days. And just see, you know, we are going to tell you. Did you hear me go through the entire, uh, rationale, what that, that song had nothing to do with condolese rice? Uh-huh. What about the song, condolese, the condolese? That has, that was, that's obviously about condolese. I'm sorry. And I just want to know why you're, why you're playing this on your show. Because we have to know why you're, this is really interesting. But why are you calling me asking me why I should play this? We made, we have song periods about bill Clinton dozens of them. Nobody ever complained about that. We have song periods about Al Gore dozens of them. Nobody ever complained about those. About African American folks up here in New York, or? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's start that all up again, okay. Heather, you dumb bitch. But you're doing a lot of work. You're worried about huh? But you're made up crap. Yeah. And you know who is involved had his finger in that, that's what he's doing. Yeah, that's one of the people I just figured involved in that. That's what he's doing. There was nobody who left on scale. Nobody left on scarred after that episode before he finally got his fan as shoveled off the door, with without the piece. That's what he's doing. From George to a you name it to Zach to, um, who might be even out of the beast? The beast and you were truly, and what's your name, Carol and her, you name it. Everybody's got to be fired at it because I'm not going to put up with this in, in some organization of about what a Jack is. Hey, Mom. Jack asks. Rich from vocalist, the army says happy anniversary move from Jersey in 96 to work now to return. Cut you on the dial a few short months and then stuck your ever since. You George Rick and Sput and the Phil Henry before he went rushy on us. Keep me going through my hideous, Bokam army commutes in my pond of his job. Countless and also after, uh, last later I'm still here. Also a hockey fan so I enjoyed your takes on that when you're here to give them. Oh yeah, like that train turned out really good. Didn't Alex all the stiff and the injured for the season and Todd Bertuzy off the Detroit. Then give it a bar Bertol along go and organization from a hell, the Panther organization. It says my little transistor is plugged you every workday from 10 to 2. Too bad I don't have a book to fill out. Yeah, we agree with that. Keep up the good work. Dan the torpedoes could do play prison bitch for us. Fat chance rich is a we can't play that. We would love to read what do you, uh, let's go. I'm going to go through the lyric plan on. Hey, you don't. I'm going to take so best. Now Alex is the basis we will run for sportsrate. You picture me in many detail with Yolga. obrigado.感謝 of you girls. Cheers Minnie. K sweeter one. Thank you ever. Couples. Thanks. I kill it and you make it with a mobile phone on that piece of ice cream. And... Ask the me. Ask the you. Ask the black. Ask the juice. Ask the juice. I... Ask the juice. I say I am nice. I see who you're doing. Boy, all coming you don't we're just like? I'm not that awesome, dark. I like Jimmy Smith. And I like that smoker's grip. I like my suit right. I am a huge trifle guy. Rust now needs rust, I use rust now black. Rust that juice. Rust that juice. Or not. Rust that juice. I might go to the show. And I hide the motorbike. Chicken soup with honey, the luck. That's what I like. Have you ever tasted? Crackish, rice and cream. Flanking and giving it a fish. Plus much more might see. Rust that needs rust now. Crack of the black. Rust that juice. Rust that juice. I want me to tell you rust that juice. I'm not that awesome. I'm not that awesome. I'm not that awesome. I know it. You see the plucking up the drop in the point. Oh. Good. I'm done. I'm done. Oh. Rust that needs rust. Rust that juice. Rust that juice. Yes, Rust that juice. You're showing it's like your sports. I'm done. All the way to this back here. A little bit behind the time. This is come in. Santana from Alepata must be on a 45 hour delay. So it's happy 31st. I'm a 33 year old Julio. I've been listening to you for about 13 years. Found you by radio accident heard you say a whole and saved my finger in the dial on the dial in the dial or in somewhere. He has a finger. I'm an early dammit. Please pay pass. I'm going to play on the plane. I have no idea what that is. And we're phone call a young gentleman sitting. It's not going to run naked on the beach with another fine young gentleman. Which you play the one. Don't be too much in the mind. My parents. Oh yeah. Wow. And here's another one. You and all of us. I'm going to be a 30 years old. I'll be celebrating. One year anniversary of using body wash says this fact. Thanks to you. All my parts are clean and sheen. It's all about Jesus bones. Baby it says I have no idea what that means. What's Jesus bones? They found his bones in that tomb. Oh, I see. She's me. And they said, sign the last white guy in North Miami. Well. And I just want to have a news note. I don't like it too. Because I want to get those sitting calls on here. Because I know it's going to get really hectic. All right. 1319. And I think we got 1360 lift is what we got. I think we're in a surprising. Chris. See paying any attention. Oh, no. We had to open the doors because I think the AC's off now. The AC is off. I think that was the response to the fumes. It's just shut off the AC. So it's coming to the AC or diseases of the fumes kind of like lingering the air. So you can suffocate. No. Of course. The intake is right upstairs where they got the bat. The bat. The bat. The bat. The bat even in the course. It's speaking of a fact that we'll leave the barricade medical examiner's office between five and six o'clock tomorrow morning. Quarterly BSO for those who are paying attention. Want to get a whiff and a sniff. A BSO motor key will take the body the form playable model south of the day county line. Elliott Cohen, a BSO spokesman, said during your press conference. Outside the medical examiner's office in Dignan Beach. BSO provided no details on the motor key. Root said they in police will take responsibility for the motor key when it reaches their jurisdiction. It's unclear which airport the body will fly out of the reach the barrel side of the bomb. Well, I'm afraid that they sure got this thing down to a sign. They're following which air short and which plane is going to be on and either answers to the upper other plane like the eye of Toler. Remember he damn your father the casket? Yeah. Many moons ago the eye of Toler. The cancer can like to go over his body damn your fellow round lay ground there. Round the old tar. Mac. I said, yes sir. Happy anniversary. Thank you so much. I'm going to pay for what's there since the WSUM days. Wow. And that probably still makes me a newbie considering some of the people that have called them today. But I think one of my all time favorite calls that you had was that a younger girl who's all been out of shape about the back tree boy. All the next bitch. Yeah. I got that. I think I have to believe something. I got it. Okay. I was in the car that I happened to have hours of listening to. I was in the car that I had more talent than his white code than you will ever have. And he's not a pineapple. You stupid fat bag. It's not really the one there. She just said you stupid fat bag. What is nothing wrong with that? Nick Carter. I was in the car that I happened to have an hour go with him. Yeah. Good for you. I saw him first by the way honey. Now he's just queen is what he is. Silly queen. From a tamponol. That's kind of a trailer trash queen. How about Aaron? How's he doing? Nick and Aaron Carter that. That lasted a long time for about what? How many weeks? What? Yeah. So we should be a Carter. The Carter family. There weren't enough fat chicks I heard of watching. So the problem was. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Mine's been the best fat chicks that go down to the glass at the hockey games. I've been talking about this for years. The real real fat rotons. They're panther perfine. They got like two jackets. So together. And they go right out to the glass. And they got their nose. Like fatunia pig. They got their nose. Slipped up against the glass. Oh, I want to get a sniff from me. Whitney. Yeah. Yeah. Sniff this honey. This for autos man. All of this for autos all of a sudden. That was embarrassing as when the guys did that. Oh, yeah. Some of them were down there too. Yeah. When Whitney was playing I was down there. Actually, ways of good buddy of mine. How you doing, right? These got his name on the Stanley Cup. It's more I can say for any of the panthers of the crew make, make believes. What do you really think? 1327 on the pool. I'm a survey. Whatever they call. And we're looking for 1360. I think we might actually get to 14. What do you say? Okay. Chris would be just jumping for joy. We got to 14. I don't know what. We'll get 1330. Sure. On your AM dial. We got a mad dog coming up at 2 o'clock in the power hour. The Humphrey and the mad dog together for to five. Humphrey solo but five in the Panthers and the stars. Any interest in that baby. I'm thinking. The figure's still so fast. Same thing. Same task. The car's a four-shritty of five sixty. You. You. Yeah. The. You. I'm going to call his. I'm a one-rated. They were a mohala. They're even in his own. And at least a quarter of my ass. Marations. I'm. I don't even. I have children. They're a m. Hello. I want your taken J. J. Oh. J. He's a great quarterback. Can I. Good. I like J. Well, not the. Imagine he's got extraordinarily smooth. The. Oh yeah. He's got to be. What you say here. Oh, keep the. Thank you. Oh, no. No, no, wait a minute. Oh, go. But I have nothing else to say. How about this? How's the way the down there in the mirror? I'm right down the street for me. I have to go. Oh, I know. Oh, no. No. I have to go. Look, I told you what. I'll hold you over to break. How's that, man? I'll give you one of my old. The. Tantisha. That's not. No way. That was the only call that we have. The. The. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Wow. That's it. We. That's it. And you know. And. And. And. And. No. And. You. I. I. And. You. I. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. But. And. And. And. So. And. So. No. It. You're a little far. That's your looping. And then those guys still look like old days. And then those guys still look like old days. And then those guys still look like old days. And then those guys still look like old days. And then those guys still look like old days. And then those guys still look like old days. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. On 32 and 5, 60 with a Jimmy. I got to admit, not every show in America. You can tune into on every radio station in here. No, no, no, no, no. That's. To have the cop. We haven't heard from him in a rat coons. You know, it. Yeah. He says happy anniversary. And you know, many, many more. Yeah. If normal was busy working on the next contract extension for about another 40, 50 years. How about a flashback to March 1st, 96. See the problem of day of the cop is he doesn't understand. Well, we have a special show like this day. You're supposed to listen to the entire four hours because we already played what he wants. Larry King calling from playing squeechia. Rima, what are you doing there? Rima, we already are playing with the rest of us. Yeah, Rima. Hey, Neil, did you think of me when the Colonel's won the World Series? He's just a joke. Actually, I did. Remember I said, how's David Cap? Bacamiz.com, and I actually did not. Well, thanks, David Cap. That's for you. They're from in real long time. I was beginning to get worried, you know? I don't think so. I beg your pardon. I don't think you were. No, I was not. Well, I just said that to make him feel good. No, he's not a bad guy. No, he's done. He's a little annoying there for a while. He's a little bit chronic, but then we solved him and that's the problem, whatever he's all right. He is okay. He's not a bad guy. Paul Harvey Jr. By the way, hasn't faxed or called or he may be trying to get through right now. I don't think so. Why don't you ever know that? That's what he's doing. He's a lunchflash. I don't think so. QAM, hello. Hey, Neil, buddy. Did you guys just want to waste your congratulations? Are you ready to go and up and we're taking over? Yeah. I still got some new boys. Yeah. Still got some new brain, too. You know where it is? Back then. Wow. But still got a rich daddy, so he's a plain radio. He's the general manager of the ticket over there, which they don't even own the station. That's not even like a real radio station. It's like a lend least, do you know? WQAM, hello. Neil, for me. Neil, mate. Hey, Neil, mate. Hey, uh, I've been a version man. Hey, look, I'm the one that's been to the fact of my Larry King. Well, you remember a couple years ago, Larry King called you on your anniversary and he was on a plane. And you were just playing it. Oh, you played it on. Yeah. I'm not about a radio man. Oh, forget it. Is there a week of playing again? I know you can't. See you. All right. That's good. Ah, well, we need a little whatever he's doing. I'll say that. Wow. A lot of it. Yeah. We can use a little bit of something. Somebody. Somebody. They did shut off the AC to keep the fuse from coming into the floor. They did all the different rooms. So it's hotter than an oven, but we can breathe. Well, you can't have everything now. See you're going to be picking. I don't know. I'll take it. You want to have like air conditioned comfort and no fumes in here. No toxic fumes that are pretty much. I think you're getting a little bit unreasonable now. We'll take the heat. Don't you know where you're. It will take the heat and him too. And I know what this is going to be. Q.A.M.L.I.N. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Okay. I said we had no idea. I've been a faithful listener with you since I've been a faithful listener. I've been a faithful listener with you since of your day. Yes sir. That's the patient with me. I just got out of hospital with a stroke. Unfortunately, I didn't take your advice and stay and lose weight over the years. Move some weight man. Well, it's a little late now. Yeah. What I wanted to call would tell you, Neil, is I want to thank you over the years. I was. I was in Nashville at one month. Dick cast for my boss at WNWSW News. I was doing 8th of midnight and Dick cast for my WNW LAC in Nashville, which is a gigantic 50,000-watt power house station. Which used to be like, you know, a really good station. Rocks and Rock music after that. John R. John Richford used to be on WLAC. And it was on your. Smash out of his mind half the time. But anyway. So I decided to go along to. I think Bill Carter went up there with his wife and I went up to Nashville to work on WLAC. Well, the idea of me being in Nashville. In fact, I remember my landlady. I lived there for one month, I believe, was there a month or two weeks. I forget it was October of 80. And the reason I know that is because we took a poll. We had calls from 38 states. Do you know what a tremendous signal is 50,000-watt through channels at night? Yeah. I do. Nobody will. I see Nashville. And it was just exciting just to say the call of this because there was a great radio station. Once upon a time. And we took calls from 38 states. And it showed conclusively that Reagan was going to be Carter's asses in 1980. And my landlady said to me, she says, there's two types of people. There's people from Nashville and there's people like from the north. Meaning Jews is what she made. You like New York? There's Jews. There's what she was doing. She didn't know I was what them Jews. And so they went up there. So she had a, she had a, she had her own stroke. She had no net. But anyway, so I was on the, I think I worked there two weeks or three weeks. Everybody was bailing out. Bill Carter went back to, um, I don't know, New Orleans, I guess. And got that a lot of there. I mean, live in Nashville. I mean, talk about a culture shock with a bunch of yay, who's, you know, just unbelievable. So the last night that I'm going to work, I moved out of my apartment. And I'm staying in a motel across from the radio station. So I leave the station after my last show on WLAC. And a cop comes over and he says, you know, he sees me walking on the radio station. He says to me, do you know why I could find the Oroaches? Uh-oh. Yeah, that's exactly what crossed my mind of all. Yeah, it's the word lynching ever was strike your mind. Yeah, we were going to be full. So anyway, I said, yeah, I'm the Oroaches. I guess I just took my life in my hands. I figured, how bad could it be? Really bad. And he said, hey, well, you know, a lot of us, um, on the force of listen to you, since you've been on the air here, we want to thank you. It could be really bad. And he said, hey, well, you know, a lot of us, um, on the force of listen to you, since you've been on the air here, we want to thank you for opening up our minds. Because all we were ever exposed to growing up here in this part of the country, was just bigotry and racism and stupidity and ignorance and, you know, anti-Semitism, and you really opened up our minds. How do you like that? Well, that's great. That's very nice. Was that sweet? Yes, it is. And of course, like a moron, I could have just easily be hanging from a, you know, a motel sign next day. But yeah, it was nice. It was very nice. But I opened up their minds. And of course, they never been exposed to anybody. It was like some just down, down home, racist, bigoted nasty, right wing alluded to. That's all they knew from. 1352 on the survey were going to have 13, 6 in probably something else. So we're going to do between 13, 16, 14. And Chris is going to write it on the wall in Creola. And see, and see if the Creola melts. Magic marker. Yeah, see if the magic marker melts. How long you've been listening to the legendary neo-rodgers? That this, this, these numbers just amazed the hell out of me. Don't they, as just shock their living crap out of you? No. 12th year say dude, 12 to 20 years, 421. 20 to 30 years, 20 to 30. About 29. We had a 29. That's what our management ought to get 20. At least 20 to 30. 9 to 12 years, 217. 5 to 8 years, 159. 2 to 5. Since they won 28 since March 1st, 1976, when that guy called us, and you'll never make it six months in his market, Rajes. Yo, he's suck. He's dead. Since it's beginning 28. I'm a new listener 13. That's 0.9. StuGAS. That's the number you can relate to. I hit this pull 0.8. Nothing under they like Karas Street. That's the dozen. And one year sold Tomto, Oto, Oto, Oto. Oto, see. That's very confusing when you start mentioning his family only. It's how you all. And wait till I put in a Chinese name. The biggest name. So best challenge to the thesis. We will Rogers for Shredio 560. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. All right. Don't lie. All the hard burn. Don't go, don't go. Every time I see. Don't go, go, go, go. Every time I see. Don't go, go, go. Every time I see. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The first three boys. The second three boys. The first three boys. The first two boys. The first three boys. The second. The second. The first screening. He's just aux 13. The second 80. The second hearing. The second hearing. The last three. Two. And the first two brothers. The second seven boys. The third three boys. The fourth one. The second one. The second four. The first four is the first four boys. The second four is the second four. The second five. The second one. Colocats and sign, Frank Katzenstein, all those other people. All those go in. 1364 on our survey did it. Told you, Chris, we could make 1360 easy. Catch the cat. Actually, we had billboard, we had not billboard, but bus sign advertising. Yeah. And had to picture a cat, like a pink pants or kind of, think I saw that. Old Grant's the cat. With the big eye, and catch the cat 1360, you talk radio, whatever. And we had Lynn Russell and Jim, was that old in the morning. He said, I know, Jim, all in had a road name to have from him, Bill Colt, or had a race track named after him. See how it works? All these famous people. And then we had the Craig Worthing, a 10 to 2 eventually. And then me, 2 to 6 eventually. And then at night time, we had what we had. Suny Hershey was a 4th, 6 to 7. See an hour back there was enough of sports, I guess. And Chris Myers was on there with Suny Hershey. The 6 to 7, maybe 6 to 8. And then 8 to midnight was surely a spellbird, all the day nights with Irb Schimmer, who used to keep hyping all this trips to China. Happy anniversary, you old Kout somebody says very nicely, uh, Craig, we're out there. And then nice artwork. But Irb Schimmer. That's not signed. Is very nice. But nice. But not signed. 1371 on the pool. And look at that. It says, the social producer is that well. OK. That I think keeps having a relapse. Because it's so used to not working. That is just can't stand the dots. It looks like, what's that? QAM Hello. Bill. Yeah. I'm going to throw that right out. WDQAM Hello. QAM. Hey, Neil. Yes. How are you doing, man? OK. Happy anniversary, buddy. Thank you, Pelle. I'm listening to you for about, uh, about 18. When I first heard you on 36 now, so it's been. 18 layers of mine. It's a long time. It's a dog's age. And you know what? I want you to play for me before you go. What's that? It's called, Spoblural. Who have I heard that in my long time? Well, we can play that. Yeah. That's pretty cool. Hello. Mr. Peterson. Yes. Hi, this is Bob Williams, down at Surrey's Bob's boss. Oh, hi. How are you? How are you today? Hi. Are you sitting down? Yes. I'm afraid I have some bad news for you. What do you mean, Bad news? I understand that Bob's been with us for almost 20 years now. Bob's OK, is me. Oh, Bob's fine. A little upset, but fine. He's been a good worker for us. He's made all his quotas. His bonuses have always been in line. But we're going to have to let him go. What are the mean? We're going to have to fire him. And unfortunately, being the boss sometimes you have to do things that you're not very Please do. So that's not very fair. Oh, it gives them very low to you. Yes, he has. That's like a slap in the face. I can imagine you're failing that way, absolutely. But feeling that way, you don't understand. We just have babies. Yes, I understand. We have those up to the young young. I understood that. But very hard times do this kind of thing. I fully agree with you. But there's something that's happened down here at the office that we can't overlook. It's an image problem and a problem that you might want to address yourself. I don't know quite how to tell you, though. Why are you firing him? Well, what's the effect we use and what could he do? It's a little delicate. Unfortunately, we found on my top of his desk making love to his secretary. Oh, that's kind of a bit. Well, I can understand you being upset at this point. But... That is not the heart. That stupid rhyme. Son of a bitch I can't believe this. Well, he's going to need your support through this. I'm going to be hungry. I'm going to be hungry. He's got another thing coming when he gets home. I'm going to change the walks on the door. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm going to be here when he gets back. That's kind of a bit. And now, now, I don't feel so bad about his brother. Good blinks in that too. That's what I love about that. I always good to have a real good. Good salad one. Make sure that you guys don't get all right. I like that. And I get normal. I like that. And I get normal. I like that. And I get normal. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. And I get normal. And what's there? What's your bell? Jersey Joe Bellau. What's up again? What's that all about normal? When are you going to calm down and stop being such a hyperventilating old Fag? There's only one room in this market for one hyperventilating old Fag. And you're listening to him right now. Believe me. Like that. I do a better than anybody. Trust me. Are you got to admit that this was a fine show today? Yes it was. It was a fine assortment of bits that we put in there. We had some fine calls. We also had a couple of more runs. But you know, that's part and part. What's that with a show? Without a few more runs. It was definitely four hours. What does that mean? And don't forget the good news is something we're forward to. You don't have to bring in. Oh, no. Remember that the Army surfers used to sell those. Gas masks. Yeah. The Army are gas masks. That's a good idea. Shoulda stopped. You'll get one of those. Not a bad idea. But tomorrow you only bring in a small one. Because tomorrow we're only on from 10 till 12. We're only on the 30th. Because we got Marlins baseball. Oh, yeah. I'm squeezing my nipples right now. I'm sort of excited about that. All the fact I think one's bleeding all over. No. Yeah. I got. We could have made 14. If we still could get 14. We need 17 votes in last 88 minutes here. That would be a real feather in Chris's camp. Chris looks silly walking around with a feather in your camp. 13. We need 17 votes in eight minutes. That's all I do a minute. And you think this audience will come through on my 31st anniversary. You bet your sweet fat ass. They will Chris you'll see. Do you think they can do it? Yes. You get to 1,400 minutes. It's not a. You don't even have to out of opinion. It's just a question airman. Even a moron can do it a moron. So bad he didn't get to call into the wish me happy 31. I'm free. I'm free. It's a grand last. This is going to be a good thing. Let me go. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 10. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 6. 4. 4. 4. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 3. 6. I'm the origin standard at the OR region. I really consider the ORs. But we like about it best. I find the boys in where they dress. I really consider the ORs. I really consider the ORs. I really consider the ORs. I really consider the ORs. We have the ORs. But I have the ORs. But I have the ORs. I really consider the ORs. I really consider the ORs. I really consider the ORs. I really consider the ORs. Two five half of us will be both. We slaughter patients. The doctor will most find the ORs. I'm the origin standard at ORs. The origin standard at ORs. I really consider the ORs. We will be when the ORs are vs. We will be the type of level per unit at ORs. Huh? My religion is better than your religion. It's my religion's better than yours. And we not endorse a father, you like full of rush to see why we will try to religion's better than yours. So don't don't do it. But we will just better than your religion. My religion's better than your orders. We wear ties and light our bikes and get you very lots of why. My religion's better than yours. My religion's better than your religion. My religion's better than yours. We don't want to use our brains. We're mindless when things are great. My religion's better than yours. Bye-bye-bye!