What? What? Nothing good. It's on the audition line. Hahaha. Well, I got that. I just got this right. My biggest and bigger part. A little deaf. I can't hear much anyway. Why is that? It was extra quiet because of this cold. Tony Snow is got cancer and now it's spreading with liver. Really? You know, just say that something you feel good. Another wrong dead right winger pretty soon. Tony Snow. Well, that's good. We didn't need to play the whole team. How big are your partner? Don't tease her. Don't tell me self-right that lesson. That sounds very insensitive. It's spread from his and lower abdomen to his liver. God punishing him for being a normal. Snow for being a right wing piece of crap for being a fox, new is blurred liar. Lacky live and that's correct. What is big? I don't have the gap into this before. Did I? No, maybe one. What do you think? Did I make it on the air? Are you kidding me? No, I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about specifying me. Usually one batch. Can I say batch? Or anymore. And it was so good. I made a second one. Right before came on here. And then the DCS was not done. The audition. Oh, well, at least you got to get the important thing. I don't know. The food. That's right. I have a fairies about the DCS. Anyway, where are we start? I'm going to get it. We got a short show today because we got the Marlon baseball game with 1250 Marlins in the Orioles. The Sonny Shion, Fort Lauderdale, baby. 1250 this afternoon. And again on Thursday. So I have a short show. And if anybody out there thinks we're taking any calls on your show today, guess again. Guess again. No, what I'm going to do today for most of the show is rip the beeslies, the ass day so richly deserved. That's what I'm going to do. Hmm. Now, I'll finish my bacon now. Man, is that good? Anybody that doesn't like bacon like extra real crispy is just a shrimp. Yeah? That's the only way to eat it. Am I right? Yeah, yeah. Hmm. It's really good stuff. Okay. Speaking of that, for at least two days in Houston, neighbors at the Sea apartment complex notice an accurate aroma, black smoke and leaping flames coming from two barbicube rills on the balcony, but second floor apartment. What neighbors at the Red Oak Place apartments wondered was going on in the unit where 27 year old Timothy Wayne Sheckford lived. What was going on with his unit? What was he burning at all hours for days at a time? Answered turn. Turned there's stomachs. See I have a little, uh, graphs, little bell to your for it. Extra play. You're talking to the same time. Well, there's something about, you know, we're so late. Why? I don't have much soup here, too, sir. Well, wait till you hear this story. You might too cure soup. All right. Corning law enforcement officials shepherd dismembered and then burned the body of his former girlfriend, Tainisha Stewart. And I teach you all Texas A&M University student. How you doing, Tainisha? Nothing remains of Stewart's body. Her throat is sharp. Tommy Thomas said it pressed conference Saturday. I just don't know what to think about. It said Lewis Evans, who's balcony faces shepherds in the quiet tree line on Clevver Northern Houston. I was once in Houston. I picked up a pretty hot hitchhiker in Houston. Two and took him to my motel and head my way with him. But anyway. I thought he was a nice normal person, meaning shepherd. Not me. I'm sure not that. I guess you never know what your neighbors are doing. A thore or who you're doing. A thore he said shepherd is confess to strangling in this memory and steward. A college freshman who was home on spring break was at Tainisha. That's the one, Tainisha. Because he was angry that she had started a new relationship. Officials first thought shepherd had disposed of remains in large commercial Trashman that it's since been empty, launching an intense debate in the area about whether the sheriff's department should conduct a massive and expensive search of the or landfills for stewards of remains. Stewart was last seen March 15 reported missing March 19. On March 16 they were said they first noticed unusual activity in the unpleasant odor and shepherd's balcony. The smell was awful. So that even also became warm. After seeing a blaze, shoot off in the grills. I was wondering what is he burning, not cooking, but burning. There's a difference. He had a burning love baby. Just like Elvis said. He had a burning love. It was burning it. George knows about that. He likes to burn one every now and then. That would be good. At times heaven said the flames in the grills left Dane grisly close to the roof of the balcony. Haven't said he called 9-led wool and firefighters to ride the flames of calm. The shepherd assured them everything was under control. Shepherd told the firefighters he was cooking for a wedding. Him and remains generally acquire extremely high temperatures to destroy. In 30s heaven said I was possible. Stewart's remains could be completely burned on a patio grill. This turned out to be one of the most heinous crimes I've ever seen in my 38 years in law enforcement the sheriff promised said Saturday. So does that mean now that she's got a heinous? Don't say it. heinous? That's bad. Oh, speak of heinous heinous. So and in the cool since we're going through all this other stuff and now we're going to take like three weeks to find out about her kid which I still think that's pretty sad. He looked pretty good there for a while. I don't give him a nice shower. I'm going to shave. I'd explain him up real good and kept him alive. What is that? Here's a fax. This can I hold over this fax for a few minutes. I got brain mac and the office. Yeah, even if he got Freddie Mac, we can't do it. I heard Kenny Weedon some email or something this morning from some listeners said, oh, some days Neil says you guys are the greatest in Baba Boba and now they're Daisy, we're two on the answer. I never said they were the greatest. And of course he said, as long as Neil's talking about us, we don't care if he rips us. Well, good. Cause I never said he were the greatest. I mean, I can lie, you know, for on your purposes, I can lie as much as I need to. But for me to suggest that they're the greatest. I mean, holy moly, right man. And I, I was told, who was it? I guess it was Brandon, one of my online course sponsor. He said that Kenny was good on a while 100 when he was on with 40 for 100 years. Yeah. And I replied back I said, well, sure could have fooled me. But anyway, here's the poll from yesterday, 15 every 19 votes. When these people hear about the beastly business in about, see, when you work for this company, you're always in an adversarial relationship and the better. See, it's an inverse proportion of how far you do. The better you do, the more they hate you in recent you. And the less they'll do the support you. And if anybody heard the show that we had here yesterday, I want to apologize not to the audience, but to myself, apologize to myself. That was the worst show that I've ever been involved in for 31 years that I've been on here in this town. It's not even a month after my 31st anniversary. And it was the worst, the most embarrassing caca. But anyway, here's the appool. And again, it's because of the fact that, you know, this company thinks they don't understand without all about. They have not a clue what it's all about. And then the best part of it is you're telling me that somebody told me, I don't even ever say it was me. I don't care anymore. Okay, well, no, it was Clarence. That business about Don Sherwood and his female accomplice that he called me here and, you know, and bugged in the show and, well, I did put Don Sherwood on here. And by the way, I didn't say I was going to kill you. I said I wish you would croak, okay. So get it straight, Don. If you're going to talk to the people over the record and give you a show. Yeah, you're getting straight. Don. Don Sherwood. I said, I wish you would croak. Just like Tony Snow. That's not the threat. It's just a hope. It's him. I got my life's cross though. Fifteen hundred nineteen votes on the floor yesterday. What is the worst threat to our children? George W. Boestrader in Fifty Six. I would say that is. That's so ridiculous. Religion 321 right on Bochazaz. The federal debt fell in here at 241. The crap on TV 168. See, they're, I don't know what high did this. This was the original full of somebody fast in. And I just said it to Eric. You know, I'd look at it and screen it. That's what happens when you don't like when you don't. You don't like when you don't be careful. The crap there parents feed them 130 drugs and booze 120. The lies there parents tell them 94. But what's the difference between the crap there for and feed them in the lies? There there is no. No. No. Well, whatever. Terrorism only 40. I hate this pool 36 and P. Marble Sex only 13. Certainly is no threat to your children. As long as they, you know, instruct them how to be a do a safely and not to get anybody knocked up. Or any of you are sexually transmitted diseases. Have a good time and life is short, baby. Life is short and joy it. Screw your brains out. That's my suggestion, too, okay? Until you just can't do it no more. That's, that's my advice. That's terrible. Let's discuss it. No, that's my honest advice. Have a good time and joy every minute of it. Because everything else is bull-cran. 750 votes on the day is pool. That's not too bad. I don't like the, I like the pool idea. I just don't like the selections on here and again. Somebody said it in. And we thank you for all those great polls. Charlie B and everybody else. Although Charlie, we don't do contrived controversy on the show. We don't do fake April fools, poles and crap on it on April 1. Oh, isn't April 1 on a Sunday anyway? Yes. Is it Sunday, right? Yes. Wow. No fooling. 750 votes. My idea of an ideobocation is getting off to another country. 201. That's my vote and that's what I'm going to be doing in a couple of weeks. And we can have. We can have, baby. Oh, right. There are some of us looking greatly forward to our vacations and I'm sure that all of us are going to have a sensational time. Believe you me. A tropical island 113 across country excursion 63. Staying home drinking beer watching TV 64. What more can you want? Well, that just passed across country excursion. Still 63. Vegas casino 57. So let me ask you, you still go to Vegas and enjoy the slots there. You'll play the nickels at a quarter. You know, I like you because you are game blow. Yeah. Oh, that guy, the New Yorker. He was really special. Oh, there were a couple of choice ones in it. Leaving the spouse and kids at home and going alone 51. Oh, good. If you go to Amsterdam, it's a good idea. Leave the spouse and kids at home and go have a really good time. And then come back and pretend you didn't do that. Just looked around. Kind of like Cecil, remember he broke into that chick's house. He came in for a minute. And like I said, he just wanted to get a look. So next time some nut job breaks into your house. Don't get all bent out of shape and call a police and get your gun out. They're just looking around. A secret was 49 with Frankie Ford. I bet you got that and there's somewhere secret is out. Love that song. Damn. Damn. Damn. Come on. You got it. Well, it'll take me to get to it. Oh, well, then forget about it. Secret was 49. A beat 39. Well, I don't get that. I mean, you got, you know, unless you're going to Hawaii, for example. Squeeze orders got. But third man. Camping out 28. He just pulled only 25 to you point three percent. They like it. And we forgot to begin the show today to ask. Do you like it? But they obviously do. Visiting relative 13. Fair. Oh, visiting relative, Jesus. When I was a kid that was the whole, that was the whole thing. I guess everybody's family does that right. I'm saying it's like, you're something. I'm hoping to show you all. I'm going to be watching you. Just doing visitors to roll you all the way. I got a kid. Yeah. My cousins and whatever. A theme park 11 and a safari nine. How about a surfing safari? Or is that a safari? A safari? Oh, you're far away. What is the annual Smith in Quest? There's that poor kid that got the, you know, that was his bad luck to be a her son. You know, I'm pretty pissed off about that. But he's dead and she's dead and she also anyway didn't get to the to her ass yet. She had a abscess in her left cheek. I'm not talking about her face. I'm talking about the left cheek of her left home ass. And so they injected it. It would like B12 shots or something like that. She had more drugs outside inside. And I can't imagine why she died. You know, she was a walking drug store. Hmm. While greens or CVS. While greens. I see. Well, there's a drug store in South Florida every street corner. That's a long good thing. Then you know the median age is death plus 20. Because there's a drug store. Well, listen, a lot of people on it want to get to throw this baby. I'm a George for example. Which a boy. My point is that who needs so many. Damn. I was almost said to God. Who needs so many. Damn. I can say that they're changing. They're, you know, I can need so many. God drug stores. And then I can say me who needs so many. Damn stores. Or like I could say, you know, some of someone's so is a real dooth. But I just can't say it's in the bag. Everything's got to be separated. Because we live in a silly world. In a silly country, we work for a silly people. We work for a bunch of silly mugwams. Nobody went away as a ghost. Anybody that's had quoted in Naples Florida. What is that to you? I'll look food over there is pretty good. That's pretty sad commentary when you got to drive to Naples to go to a sonic. That's pretty sad. That's a very sad commentary on South Florida. Isn't that? New. God. Several days ago, I commented briefly on some recent statements that have been made by some members of Congress about Iraq. And it's important to make this point at the outset. The President of the United States purposely misled the American people on pre-war intelligence. Uh-huh. American soldiers and Marines serving in Iraq throughout everyday and the some of the most dangerous and unpredictable conditions. These brave Americans were sitting in the battle for a deliberate fall suit. Pre-war information was distorted to corrupt the oil for food program. There is no denying that the President lied to the American people. This is revisionism of the most corrupt and shameless variety. It's also something I enjoy. It's one of the reasons I've stayed in the business. And I believe the feeling is probably the same for most of us in public life. The President and his administration hate our country and hate the liberties for which we stand. They dwell in the shadows, have no regard for the laws of warfare and feel unconstrained by any standard of morality. The President of the United States is dishonest and irreprehensible. Absolutely none of us should want it any other way. Amen. Thank you very much. Amen. I'm going to say something. I'm going to say something. We'll be in no place. The Army in bacon is a piece of head or what? No soup yet? I just finished. Look at that calendar. It's two minutes. It's a piece of what they were officially started. Pass over, baby. The last supper. That's where Jesus was. He was having the last supper a little bit too much wine. That's why they started on ridiculous fairy tales. And then somebody at the end of the table, he had a lot of diseases. He got really peoed. Anyway, Brandon wants to make sure you understand that he thinks our morning sure blows. He doesn't want to be out into it. Oh, take it. Oh, I got, you know, a whole bunch of stuff here. You know, but he also reminds me, oh, not another one. You're not getting distracted by that stuff again. I'm, yes, I am. I got some fine friends on there. So you see, so they are those with the days of swansons. Do you remember swansons? I do. Now they are a business. I'm going to go to that. I've been down there in the dog's egg. What do you mean down there? What was that? They're still one by sunset in the US one I believe. That's the only one that I knew about it. There's a swansons. It's sunset. Oh, no. They used to be all over the place. There was one not that far from me in plantation. Swansons. I don't know. It was such a big view. I remember there was ferals, which I hated that place. I'm not talking about feral. I'm talking about ferals ice cream. The big thing was if it was your birthday they'd come out with all the firework show. They had all the sparklers, you know, and they'd come by and sing happy birthday and embarrassed to hell out of you. You see, if you're like 40, you're like six years old. They would do that, it's for instance. They did that too? Embarrassed you, somebody. Hmm. What is that? They kind of like what the beeslies do. You work for them. They're saying things. There are a lot of people that want to embarrass the living crap body. They don't have to be your birthday. You know, yesterday, I will say this to him. And I alluded to it on the ear. I'm sure you thought I was joking because I've done it before. I wasn't joking at all. Okay. When I said I was as close to getting up and saying to you, it's all yours and just walking out. Nice. Well, probably wouldn't have been so nice, but I came close to doing that. And then I thought to myself, why don't I do that? I might be screw myself. Why should I screw myself? Even if I was like a double-drilled like Ryan Jeremy. Why should I do that? Because the colors are much idiots. Because soft food is basically a bunch of mouth-reading morons. Okay? Who want to use this show? Is like a play toy. Hi, Juan! Hi, Chamba! And when I find out that one of our former salespeople is also involved in this high-jinks and low-jinks, it doesn't surprise me because birds are a feather act crazy together. That's what a bull is down there. And this radio station doesn't want to really do a damn thing. You said maybe send a few meaningless letters out. Oh, you better stop. We're going to take away your ice cream. From our non-aternity over there in Naples. Yeah. She probably couldn't find Sonic with both hands that bitch. But anyway, yes, so she sends a couple letters out. And they're just making fun of it. It's a big joke, you know. So what this station does is they allow about a half a dozen idiots lunatics to destroy the show, which is the number one show on a station and number one money producer. And the ratings magnum has been for nine years. And they don't care. They won't lift a finger. And then when people like Don Sherwood and his female compass that have been driving us nuts here for days now. Put him on the air. Why won't you put him on here? And they call up corporate over there. Belly can about I won't put him on the air. And I'm threatening his life and all of a sudden, wild, fantastic crap. And it's like, oh, do you better check this out, you know. So rather than coming help us here on the show and give us the assistance that was supposed to have, and help us do the Neo-Roger show. But they're doing it as they always sign with the enemy. Oh, yeah, you're right. You got a good point. Shrewd and the said, we'll have to check it out. So we're, we're, if anybody thinks I'm exaggerating when I say we do this show under a handy crap every day, you're in a dream world. These people give us nothing while they give us something. It's called a headache. That's what they get me. Pay check showed off them otherwise I wouldn't be here. You know what I'm saying? Oh, yeah. And I just want to put them on notice. See, when you work for people for a long time, even if they're good people, even if you don't work a long time for them. You know, reasonable amount of time here 10 years later. You don't want to leave them in the work. So, you know, if you want to be a decent person, you don't say, well, I'm going to just walk out. You know, you can now say it give them six months notice or I can three months. You know what I'm saying? What you say? I'm saying it's generally what these people do. They don't just leave somebody hanging in the work. But I just want these people to know including fat assed your belt. Yeah, my check show up, Joe, believe me. He calls me, he calls me, he's a voicemail for me yesterday. I'm my blackberry. I don't talk to people on my blackberry, Joe. Okay. You have that number. It's coming on my regular phone. Like to look at a mince. But at any rate, just double second making sure I got my check. Not about all this other business and about how I damn they're walked out of here. Yesterday because the phone is a disaster on their show and on their station. And because they won't look their finger and do a damn thing about it. Not about that or anything that really counts. Because he really believes when I say that all I care about is my check show up on time. And you know what? As at this moment, that's all I do care about. If we get a 0.001, this is the better pace. You know what I mean? Right. And they haven't really don't care. And just like that business said Chris was telling us yesterday when his friends start trouble. Yeah, that's what I do. Just relax. So if you don't get all sensitive now, I'm finishing that bacon. Or he's upset because he's been blackballed. He's been bald. He should have seen the guy that did it to him too. If he was blackball, maybe if he were a foster. He was a good boy. He was a good boy. He was a bad day. Oh, yeah. But that's a long time ago. That goes back to the whole screw and business. That was kind of a screwy. There was a lot of screwy, Louis stuff going on back then. But anyway. 810 votes on the full week. It's been a thousand years. We've got the Marlon Game of 1250. What's not to like? Isn't that a good way to look at things? Sure. Huh? Sure. I got these cough drops. Life's great. Got all my buddies there. My my space page. Everybody's in a good mood today. I'm in a great mood. Life is sweet. We're talking ice cream. Talking about the beesleys. Marlon's in the Eurasia 1250. We got Hank at the Nolancy. Is that correct? Is that a mistake on there? Because they keep changing these things. Oh, if they so many Eric's in tennis tournament. Wow. After the Marlon Game. Tenest. Last week it was golf this week. It's tennis. Isn't this ladies tennis? You're both men's elements. Men's and women's. Is there any rock there? I am. So, what? What? And he's there. I heard them from them. And he's there. Love any rock. Let's take a more from that Ben girlfriend. He's a handy. Pantford preview with 630. And the Pantheus at the Lighting 7 or clock tonight. You know, one of the things that's really good. I don't know if you've noticed this. But since they decided to go really old cheapo and basically shut the station down to ten o'clock at night. Most nice. And we got the ESPN Radio Garbage on there. I mean, even if we did have a morning show. And of course, we got the big. Oh, rock solid. From 5 to 7. But between him and the other morning show, the Kinney and Bo morning disaster. They haven't got a Chinatown chance in anyway. Because there's nobody listening to this station at 5 o'clock in the morning. Because when they wake up in the morning, they've already gone somewhere else. Because we give up at 10 o'clock at night. Most nice. Well, so now we got something on late the game or something. Already came up beyond nine o'clock like Thursday. But generally speaking, 10 o'clock at night, we throw in the towel. And we put just open up a pot and put the ESPN radio on there, which means anybody who's like in their car driving around, driving home from an old night, drunk or whatever, like one in the morning or midnight. They're not going to be listening to us because we are waving the white flag of surrender. We're going to put the ESPN radio on there because it's, uh, we don't cost us nothing. Well, and, you know, and that's the short term view of it. Don't cost us nothing but in the long run. It's like, you know, 10 o'clock. We should, we should have an announcement. I'll record it. I'll record it for the audience 10 o'clock. We can play to be night. You know what we say? Bye bye. To the entire South Florida radio audience. I just, again, I'm thinking out loud. Who do they? I'm very big on that. Thinking out loud. Letting the chips fall where they may. The couch chips fall where they may. Let's talk about ice cream. You know, yesterday had a pint of hugging us, but in and not. I was so depressed. When I got off of this show at 215, I went across to my little, um, market. My Chinese market. Convenience drug. I got me a pint of banana and works. It's a drug man. Surgery is a drug. Is if that's a surprise. There's a bulletin for you. And I felt so much better. Not good. That's great. Hey, this is the reward for the late nights in the weekend. Now, or is this is the reward for making sure you were always first to arrive and last to leave. This is the reward for your talent and your potential. Ever since you were young, you knew what you wanted. You knew what you wanted. You knew what it was going to take to get it. So go ahead. Comer city's bends of palm at 1-800 new bends and begin the most exceptional adventure in buying a car. Mercedes-Benz of Pomp and it was more than just a purchase. It's the ultimate reward. The ultimate trophy. You don't need to show the world your successful. They already see that. This is for you. This is where you always wanted to be behind the wheel of a finely-crafted Mercedes-Benz. That doesn't just fulfill needs that anticipates them. Right now, explore the stunning 2007 GL 450. Winner of Car and Ravis Best. This is the first race you've ever heard. Call 1-800 new bends and learn more. Make an appointment with Mercedes-Benz of Pomp and it'll be a professional make your time count. Call 1-800 new bends, any WBENZ. 1-800 new bends today. This is the reward. This is Mercedes-Benz of Pomp and it'll be the biggest name. So best talent for this is wheel rotors. 4-0-560. 6-0-8-0-8-0-560. 6-0-560. 2-0-560. 2-0-A-M. 2-0-A-M. 2-0-A-M. 2-0-A-M. 2-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-7-0-8-0-8-0-2-0-9-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-8-0-9-0-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-ins Over 15 inches behind the third row's feet, there's plenty of room for whatever you're carrying, and because of the length and you get the luxury and warranty you've come to expect. At least in an outskate, it will only core 99 a month, but 39 months, at South Florida, biggest Lincoln Mercury dinner, times Lincoln Mercury, I-75, and Shardin Street. Being a mom with care, carsten, and stroller, doesn't mean giving up style, introducing the new Lincoln MKX, with seating for five. Lenny of storage and panoramic glass rooms. My dream of staying stylish is reality. Believe the new MKX, only 39 on a month, for 39 months. At South Florida, biggest Lincoln Mercury dinner, home-free can Mercury. I-75, and Shardin Street for East Wolf老師, and our navigator, Grinch and have a gun to obtain the 94-6-1-10, and the equivalent of the Dan to the 85-11-5-7-704-409-194-day. Bego here for the finest beer in the business, President-day imported beer, and listen for years, I've been telling you about my favorite beer. President-day, the finest beer in the business, well now, I want to talk to you about the best light beer in the business, President-day Light. The tradition continues. President-day Light is a smooth tasting beer, with lots of character. It's the way light beer should taste. Smooth, bold, and with the character you've come to expect from President-day. Let's face it, folks. The beer industry. It's full of water, downlight beers. But President-day Light is a full body light beer. So on your way home today, stop by the supermarket and treat your friends' family, and how about yourself to the finest light beer in the business. President-day Light, the full body light beer. What an amazing combination. The choice is yours. President-day and President-day Light. It's the Big O's choice. It's the best choice. President-day or President-day Light. Don't sound small. Business simplifies your voice data and network experience. So you can stay focused on your business. So when you're ready to get everything you need from one company, just go with Bell South. Listening. Answering. From Monday night. From 730 to 10pm. SportsWitio 5.62 and presents our mutually-based ball season preview show hosted by David Horne. And a Roxy Birdstein and a Ancheous Eagler. Don't give you the least of a full-of-the-marlin's and an outlook for the 2007 season with manager Freddy Gonzalez and GM Larry Bymfest. Plus play your interviews and look around the American and National League. Best Monday night. From 730 to 10pm. Our major league baseball season preview show. Right here on SportsWitio 5.60. QAM. Log on to wqm.com to play. Hey, pick the police contest. It's your chance to win. With that call of... AHHH! A-Cuz... Hey, there we go. Hey y'all, my name is Kran. You Jean Thomas. Friends of Bush is nominee for the Supreme Guard. And you know there's lots of people who's out there to think just off. I spoke a little marijuana when I say cottage. And it wasn't as it went up. Pinjoy. Yeah, maybe sing our saniar. And order, maybe y'all. Then they don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Guard. Yeah, I got a bunch. Let's do this quick and get out of here. I want to show off straight. When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law. There y'all. I mean, talking. And I spoke into the east. And I spoke into the west. And I spoke its violent. Look up, Sanudio canos best. A lobby, talking. How big you are? There's go bird one, y'all. Yeah, let's go bird one on the patio. Okay, let's go bird somebody's like that. What was the name Shamika or whatever her name? Whatever. 1032 a QAM. Marlin baseball at 1250. Oh, wow, I better talk fast. So your buddy Chris is back. He only, he only injects himself when they show us on. Notice what he's a hand bone. Anyone who talks about it? Sorry. So he's back in our micepace. And he's also got a pull idea. What is your favorite sexual position? Needless to say, I can't read some of the choices. Sit down here. But he says, and so I've an other. We can see where he's at. Where his mind is at. He's also a very excited about coming up here and being my nurse. I can see that. So the ticket will be on the way sweetheart. Okay, now what felt was I saying when I was ripping these bastards a deserved. All right, let me just say this. Remember how they were warning us about all the crime and the murder in mayhem was going to happen if we ever got slot machines and software. Oh, yeah, I said, getting off in 1250 today, I can go to woodwind today. I could go to a woodwind Tuesday. Do you think it might change my luck? I do. During that spray cutting, we were called my cab man, my Lebanese terrorist, cab guy, and we'll say, see at one o'clock, man, how's that sound? Woodwind Tuesday sounds like a weiner to me. When you think you start a risk, let me know so I can change the the poll. Oh, yeah. Change the poll. Oh, that's right. If I do that, I got to, uh, now that's all right. I can, I can, I can, because that, that way would have to like facts that do one to Eric right now. You see what I'm saying? Okay, well, I can do that during the break. I can facts from the one for tomorrow. See it and divide people are realized that tremendous sacrifice that I have to make when we do this, the woodwind stuff, not just losing all that money. And it went back to a hell and Dale, if we must. Police said a man was then a Gulf Team Park racing casino early this morning. Police folks been Andrew Kasper said the victim was Spanish speaking. Okay, what a surprise. But provided no details on the death which occurred shortly after six o'clock this morning a dormitory that housed some employees of the track at 9 o'clock, South federal highway. Initially, reports from rescue workers was that the victim was stabbed to death. Oh, my God. I feel like that. See, I knew that once they let the evil one are bad at soon, they never think that for goodness to hurt in the sun, send one all these other goody to. A holes out there. Oh, we have casino gambling. The sky is going to fall and all this crime and the mafia will be here and all this other stuff. This in a town where my relance used to walk his dog all the time, a column's avenue and lived in hell and there, everybody knew where the hell he was and they're worried about the mafia. How about golden beach? Remember those days where every home in golden beach, there was some luck out with his nose out of joint living there? No, I don't remember. Well, I sure do. I've been around long enough. I've been around the block a few times in this town. Let me tell you right now. Put a hurt. And if it sounds like I'm a little peoed and fired up today, you bet you're sweet ass. I am okay because after what this audience did yesterday, and again, most of it is like five or six the same idiots out there. And this radio station like, you know, we were funny that we were talking about that to beginning with the show yesterday. We just don't care. WDC. We just don't care and they don't. They don't. This to them is like a money machine, mine speaking of wood, mine. It's just a money machine. Go out and hire a hundred different salespeople, stick them out on the street and sell spots. And just load up the log with this. And then of course on a morning show, assuming it had any chance in the first place, which it doesn't. But assuming that it did, have bring all these losers in Ira Windbag and Drew Rosenstein, Kran Soff-Shores, and let them do their spots too. So we got 15 different people doing live spots in a morning to make sure that even if somebody wanted to listen, there's no show content in between, you know, straight or not straight or the oblong table and other Krab, you know. I'm just mentioning those things. I'm just like I told you, thinking how loud. That maybe that's the whole new show. You're right, you're things how loud. Oh yeah. Oh maybe that's it. So this is for a year phone calls man. I wouldn't wish them a high-recimilar and Rosama, your mama. That that's what I feel about. And I'm just talking about yesterday. I'm talking about ever since we've been on this radio station. There are no colors on this station. They got 20 of the sports colors and calls as the same stupid Krab every day. You think we had dolphins are going to get a real quarterback. You think Brady Quinn's going to be there naked with dolphins is all all those other stupid garbage. Yeah. And then we and then we'll see what we got. Taiwan, China. That's what we got. Rosac. That's what we got. And then we got a wow, a George one guy. And that's it. That's a medley of our, am I right? Yeah, that's it. I'm not getting carried away here today. I'm not over, you know, hyperventilating. I could use some ice cream. So do it. What a shame that I'm diabetic. You know, man, I if I could tell you how much our low ice cream. Oh, God. Well, I'm all in. I got to be diabetic in the first place. That's correct. By being fat. I need you a lot of ice cream in candy and pizza, pasta. All of these. And all of these. That's right. 8403 votes on the pool. I don't want to read that thing. Of this thing from largo before I get back to my rant. I'm just getting started. We still got 12 or 13 minutes. Plenty of time. In fact, let me retrover. Because I see there's a couple lines flashing there. Let me retrover and shut that thing off. So I'm not tempted to punch one up. It's not going to happen. And I'm not going to make that, you know, that sureman is statement about it. And I've done it before and said, I'll never take another call and show. I'll do whatever they want to do. How do you like that? And maybe someday I'll surprise you. And I'm going to do it the way that they're for a little while. It worked out just fine. You know, we have a whole pile of my good bedtime stories here. And just sit here and rant and read about whatever I'm, I've been out of shape about. And once in a while, maybe I will retrover and punch one up. Or maybe not. Or basically, it's a, it's a caffony of idiots who have nothing to say. And they've made this show a hobby. This is their hobby. This is their life. I have no life. Right. So they made the show their life. Remember I commented on that yesterday about four solid hours. It doesn't stop Monday, Tuesday, Saturday. I mean, you know, if we were on and we can be doing it every single day, that's their life. And I'm not going out like a clown. I'll take it that right now. I got almost two years left of this. 31 years have gotten vested in this market in this. This is Joe Bell and Bruce Beesley. And there these people's ideas and been here, Roger show of what I'm going to do on a year. You people are crazy people. You're crazy within the colors. I'll take it that right now. We have one phone line on it. It's been out of service for two years. They can't be worried about that. They just don't care. Like I started to say before I interrupted myself, it's just a money machine. Go out there and sell as an inspots and crank up that money machine, baby. And that's it. And the hell with the living else? And let's make sure we give a lot of money. We've made a way to the Marlins and try to get to Dolphins back and see how many millions we can pay them, how much more we can lose on that again. And the Panthers, which nobody listens to and all this other stuff. Stop and think about it. When you come right down, we have more things on this radio station. There are nobody cares about what it is. What? White elephants. Yeah. We got more white elephants that have ever been invented in God's little green earth or what a however that thing goes. City commissioners early Saturday made the firing of a city manager in Largo, Florida, who was seeking a sex change operation despite pleased from dozens of impact and supporters to save his job. After six hour hearing the commissioners decided to fire 40 year old Steve standing after his announcement that he planned a new life as a woman. The move came after the commission voted five to two last month. This is Fendon with pay. Yeah, that's what I'm going to do. I'm going to become a woman. I'm going to lose a lot of weight. I'm going to grow gigantic breasts. I'm going to start doing hormone therapy. And I'm going to become a woman. I'm going to be lovely. Huh? You're going to turn in your mum. Now we have. Commissioners. I'm going to gloom and do really. I can just see you. Now. No, wait. Don't go snoring around now. Oh, God. You know something the fact that I turned out that I'm still here right now. Hey, you know, this is a festival as I have been in life and I'm still alive. That's a major miracle. If this audience only knew, they think they know something. If you only knew, all you Jewish should guys out there who had to survive the Jewish year mother, they, the whole deal, the gloom and doom routine, the Kvets routine. Oh, God, how do I survive it? So I think I'm going to offer an old, thank you. I'm doing pretty good. Happy pays off, by the way. Did you guys ever find out from me what they officially starts Passover? April 2nd. April 2st. See Monday. Monday is Passover. And you're not letting me play this. Yeah. It was a lady. It's a couple of times for the whole thing. She's a mother, do you? And she needs to vibrant that is unleath of them. Oh, hey. And let me remind all you Jews out there if he, trade. If you're eating that bread, man, if he'd love and bread on a pace off, not only you're going to burn in hell, but just like that, the chicken they grill there on that guy's porch, you're going to, like, in the bacon I just made. You're going to be extra crispy in hell. How do you like that? Not just burning in hell, you're going to be extra crispy and probably have like a little lispy. How you like that? You're fair. Yeah, all the people that the pitch force down there are going to be looking at you going. You're fair. Like that. Back and on. This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God. Down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, Mark is going down, down, down, down, down, down, down, Stop, my kid, it's down. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Well, my bro, girl's calling, and he's telling me the market's falling. Now we stand in my inventory. Go call him, come and jump with me. He's a good boy. My socks are fading, even though I'm not so heavy trading. Go ahead, the pavement I'm in, there's some fading. Come and jump with me. Mark is Russian, my life is Russian, before my very eyes. Stocks on, don't bet, then I'm jumping. Oh, bear the coffin, Joe Bow's are. Now I've stand in, 50 floors above, where I'll be landed. Oh, I profoundly, I will be stranded. Come and jump with me. Oh, black O' the economy. Oh, my God. It's killing me. It hasn't been 68 votes on the board famous legendary Neil Rodgers show. We're going just here to fill a little time up to Marlon's baseball at 12. 50 went air-be dial and stopped for him. He's going to go in the off position, as they say. In the off position, Laura would just say that. Because it's true. Oh, if you were wanting to hear about this guy, this girl, or whatever he is, then that was seeks to be in the logo. What would you expect about your mug once? Anybody know where Largo is? It just wasted tempo, but it's up, yonder. It's over on a west coast, which ain't the best coast. In fact, in Florida, there is no best coast, but that's your rate. You know, I mean, if you were looking for the best coast, it sure wouldn't be over there. Tampa, Loots, Temple, Ferris, Largo, Brandon, Barstow. I think the Polish have a word for all of those places. F-E-H. Back. Where's the word? Back. Polish. Oh, it is. I just wanted to just make that up. This is a bit of an article here by Harold Meyerson. I don't want to like, I want to ramble a lot. I want to rip the beesleys and ants that they deserve in Joyce. And clearance, of course, who's nothing but a quiz list. We could read Joyce. Yeah, let's read Joyce, okay. If we hung her ass out from a flag pull outside the building, everybody would read Joyce. Oh, yeah. Let's say a prayer. Let's put our hands together. Oh, happy day. But anyway, Harold Meyerson says, did God create them at Neil and female and gay? Science is stealing up on America's religious fundamentals, causing much alarm. Consider the dilemma of the Reverend Albert Albert Mueller Jr. presently seven-baptist theological seminary in Louisville, and a leading figure in the seven-baptist firmament. Writing in his blog this month, Mueller acknowledged that the direction of research increasingly points to the possibility that a biological basis for sexual orientation exists should sexuality be determined in you to roll over continues, but still wouldn't justify abortion or genetic engineering. Nonetheless, however, as Mueller noted in the later blog posts his admission that the data suggests that homosexuality may be genetically determined as hair color, produced a termite of irate email from his fellow evangelical Christians. Up to now, the preferred theory among Christian conservatives has been at homosexuality as behaviorally induced, and this can be unlearned. Right. That gave added moral way to the biblical for prescriptions of gay lesbian sex and the vivalid combination of homosexualities as sin, though for those who believe in biblical inerency, no added moral weight was necessary. But once you recognize homosexuality is a genetic reality, if this create a theological dilemma for the moors among us, for it does mean that God is making people in the midst of what others may morally be, let me say it again, who in the midst of what may otherwise be morally exemplary lives have a specline and hair predisposition to sin. Moors responses that since Adam's fall, sin is the condition of all humankind. That side steps, however, the conundrum that a gay person may follow the same God-given instincts as a straight person, let's assume fidelity and the desire for church satisfaction both cases, and end up damned while the state person ends up say-ditted. Indeed it means that a gay person's duty is to suppress his God-given instincts while a straight person's duty is to fulfill his. Moors-dity in short is the God-advel standards, a God-whoen forces the norms and fears of a world-before-science, a God-perfaviour-eignament of or restraint to the arch of American history, which is the struggle to expand the scope of the word men in our founding declaration that all men are created equal. This is a God-whoen earlier times was in both to the fence segregation and before that slavery. This is a God-whom-bath's numbers of self-professed believers, not to mention its non-believer such as I, neither he nor like very much, especially the young who in growing number of support gay marriage and certainly don't consider gay coupling anymore sinful than a new straight coupling. That said, this God still commands millions of followers, among them general Peter Pace, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff of Old Timberlidian, recently declared homosexuality and moral and interview with the Chicago Tribune. Indeed this God commands so many followers that the initial tendency of presidential candidates who know better was to duck when they were asked last week about the morality of gay sex. Senator Sula McClinton, when first asked a homosexuality was a moral answer that it was, for others to conclude before writing herself to say that she didn't think being gay was immoral. Senator Barack Obama, according to Newsweek, a voted direct answer of three times before coming to a consensus and disagreeing with Pace. The spokesperson for Senator John Straitalk Express McKayon said that the Senator thinks such questions are a matter of conscience and faith for people to decide for themselves. Such political and moral contortions are hardly confined to presidential candidates. A new law requires school principles to police student organizations to ensure that there's no discussion of human sexuality that experts believe the topic may still come up among teenage students. Let's just seem discriminatory, they stand to the applies to every student group under the sun, but it's entirely a rax into the formation of gay straight clubs at Utah High School's. The rest, however, no ban is yet in a high school biology teachers discussing the biological basis of homosexuality and is the need to confirming the thesis continued among that could confront even those of Pace's persuasion with lowers conundrum. How to reconcile a God who creates homosexuals with a God who condemns practicing homosexuals to hell. A mysterious God may be well and good, but a compressors or a contradictory God can inspire so much doubt that he threatens the credibility of entire religious enterprise. After all, there are a few American believers who don't profess at least some faith of the Verities of Proven Science and the rightness of our night nations, Creedau commitment to human equality. By insisting that God is a spiteful homo-hater, his followers settle him with ancient phobias and can send him to the backwaters of American moral life. Harold Meirson, he's headed to a large American prospect in the LA Weekly. Pretty good article. Let me come right down to you. Yes, it's a little bit on the gay side, but now what do you expect? What do you expect on this? Well anyway, I expect like straight talk on this show, straight talk my ass, baby. Straight talk for you. Straight to the ballgame, straight to give me the ballgame, give me the ball. That's what we talk about. Straight guys that take showers together in the locker room and pat each other on the yes. If you send some of the pictures we've got on our my space page, by the way, some of those guys grabbing each other's crotch, those soccer players have some of the cram going on. Grabbing all that all. That's all. That's all. If you say give me the ballgame, give me the ball. I didn't know those are the balls that we're talking about. Well there you go. Yeah. See you live and learn every day. Give me the ball. No. Give me the balls. Uh-uh. Watch it now. You're going to get joy. If you don't watch yourself, you're going to get joy. That's another thing man about this company. You know I said who yesterday. I don't want to go through it again. What I want to do yesterday. The idea that because you work for people who just don't care enough to even look to finger to give you any any assistance, you know. When somebody won't give you a look to finger to give you ass assistance, then you know you're dealing with the ungrateful best tharbos who just they just haven't got to clue. They think they know something. See there. Those are the people no matter what kind of work you're doing. And I'm sure a lot of you understand what I'm saying. The people who think they know something and obviously don't. Those are the dangerous people. Just like these religions that this guy was just writing about. Same thing they think they got the answers. They think they know what the God this and the Bible and all his other horsecraft. And therefore they're dangerous because they got all the answers. Don't confuse them with the truth or anything that might like stand in the way of their stupidity. And that's the way it is here with Jolly Joe Bell. Oh, genius. Just check it out. Make sure you're a check show. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Meanwhile, how about all the other stuff going on here? You're quizzing you simple demand. You fed ass. You clown. You. 85, oh, so I'm a poll. Here's the results so far. We're not doing that one about sexual positions. Sorry about that. I think Chris is maybe a little either under sex or over sex today. I'm not sure which it is, you know. When people start getting a little bit too hysterical about it means either A. They're not getting any or B. We need to get in too much. Oh, I think we still right now. I don't know what you're talking about. Is he really? My idea and I why did he send you something on there? Oh, we're talking about different Chris. Not that Chris. I'm talking about your good friend. Don't be disinem again. He listened to the tape from Friday. Sure, when you were saying that he disappeared and that he was a phony and way out. I know I didn't say that. My idea and ideal vacation is getting off to another country. 233 a week and a half ago, maybe an audio. Oh, God. I might not come back this time. I might I might like sneak off to Berlin and go on a one-man search party. And if I find who I'm looking for, I guarantee you will never ever see this child again. I can trust me when I tell you. A tropical island sounds good 142 across country excursion 76. Staying home, drinking beer, watching TV 74, hot exciting. Avigas, Casino 69, leaving the spouse and kids at home and going alone 61. It had a someplace really like nice like, and stood in, sounds good. A secret was 51, 61, a beach 42, ski resort 35. Camping out 32. I hate this pole is got about 3.3% not too bad. They like it. And like I said, the beginning of the show during the post-ass, he liked it. And he forgot, but he apologized. Sorry. Visiting Rollers 14, a theme park 12 and a safari, only 9 unless of course, it's a surfants safari. That's safari. I mean, I don't know. I just don't understand that. Different strokes for different folks, all out of the crap. What do you don't like animals? Well, what do you mean I don't like animals? I mean, you like dogs and everything like that, but do you want to, like, run around with the lions? No, no, maybe a giraffe or two. Or like, um, or will the beast? Will the beast sounds really good to me? Your show. This is your plane. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. All the world loves a cloud. So this April Fool's Day, this radio's region is going to make a fool. Well, other you. That's right. We're going to turn you into a laughing star. Just be the tent of color. When you hear this star. And we'll get your pants down around your ankles. Tie your hands behind your head. Hey, the smiley face and your butt cheeks. And lock you out of your house. You'll be the center of attention and no time. Remember, they're not laughing at you. They're laughing with you with you and your butt cheeks. Employees of this radio station are not eligible to be made fools. I was sincerely have already done quite a good job. Make the fools of themselves every day on the air. Employees are never the less wish to drop a fan to get some public or encourage to do so after leaving the station. The NAFRO Fool. People are free for your chance to win. It's 11,560, I mean, a QA, and I know how to cure that homosexuality, baby, has something new with the retro. Not exactly sure what part goes where, but it has something to do with that. Anyway, tent of with the booth credit. And a million, right away. And man, that's exactly what I have in mind right now. No, no. No, no. 915 votes on a pool. My idea of an ideal vacation is getting off to another country. 343. You know, something I think I'm going to say. Even though I can change my mind anytime I want. I need those calls like I need hemorrhids. Okay, speaking of back to that. If you didn't have hemorrhids, just, you know, you'd be bored. Do you ever have hemorrhids? I think I might have. You think? I guess that no. If you never had hemorrhids, I guess that you know, it must have been a pimple or a boiled egg. Yeah. Anyway, my idea of an ideal vacation, getting off to another country to 143. A tropical island, 144. Across country of Scursion, 80, staying home drinking bear watching TV 75. Vegas casino, 70. Let's go, fund our gossip. Oh, I forgot you didn't have her mind me to call my buddy. Oh, yeah. Cab, my cab guy. All right, bye, next time. If I remember. Well, if you see, maybe that would be pushing too far. Would buy two tickets and I got one by Wednesday. And then Thursday we got another ball game. Yeah, that's right. You've got to scare the homosexuality out of those people. That's what you've got to do. What are you just going to do like a video arcade and play dance dance revolution or something, be better for you? Or play something? Yeah. That's what happens in video arcade. They play something or I'm not the, I'm not talking about the kind of you're talking about. Right, they have slots. That's where Mark Potter, Mark Foley, whatever his name is. Mark Potter, he might hang out there too. That was a funny thing. I don't know how to slots. That was a funny thing. That was a funny thing. And slip. Oops. Yeah. Well, if somebody just stood up real fast, no, I said that. Well, I got a whole bunch of stuff going. But this is quite a day today. This is a good, this is a good, this is a good turnaround. That's a bad expression though. See, what am I always told you about how, what's the word I use? I don't know. Resinient. Oh, exignant. Follow bounce back from adversity. That's it. And adversary. Every adversity. And adversity. Whatever the word is. Yeah. Rubbery. No, not rubbery. Okay. More flabby, chewy. What an ice cream. Really? Really? That was not a good idea. I don't think I want to go to wood bind today. See, that's a bad idea. I think maybe a better idea would be to go out and practice kind of like rubbing that homosexuality off on somebody else. Well, there's not how you could rid of it. But I think that's how you can catch it. Yeah. Sure, that's how you do it. I think that's how you make it. I'm going to rip some of your arm. You know, here, let me just rub this disease off onto you. Yeah, well, maybe that's how it works with the homo stuff. Two, I don't know. It should be. Well, I think I better start trying harder. 1918, that actually read this whole thing. I had a rough in the middle of it. I don't know. I got so excited there. Let's see. See, Cruz 61, you never did play that. Oh, no, I forgot. Come on. See, Cruz, Frankie Ford. It's coming up a beach 42. Yeah, I live in Florida. Let's go to the beach. Unless, unless, of course, you're going to Hawaii. And then, as well, worthwhile. Or some talk for lunch. I don't like that. Here's Frankie Ford. See, it's a seafood man. Man. See this? See that? Yeah. No, no, no, no. I'm looking for some cancels present. So, I want to step on second. But I have to do this one when we put this over. Yeah, Frankie. Hey, Potsett, you will lose this. I wonder if it's like that. I have to do that. I can do that. I can do that. I can do that. Maybe like, I don't know. Oh man, rhythm keeps in my seat. I saw him kind of like dark to me. Frankie Ford. That was a member of the Smash Battle. It was a good song. See, I didn't play the good part. It's a special one. It's a little bit of a league game to do. Oh, great. I guess you've gotten nothing to do. It was a wrong till I've taken you home. Let me see. Here's fun. Oh, wait. Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait. Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait. Oh, wait, wait, wait. Oh, we're made. It's wrong till I've taken you home. See you soon. No. No. Now, why did you do that? I just to be nice. I was bad. Okay, let's see. Beech 42, skewies are 38. Camping out 32. I hate this pull 31. 3.3%. That's not bad for this crowd. Uh, visiting Brothers 14. Like I said, oh my God, you people like Slup your kids. The visit your relatives every year. We can, oh, why do you do that to them? Well, let's in a while. I was able to talk my parents in a letting me stay home and not go with them. I mean, I was like a teenager, 15, 16. Like, yeah, I see most people enough already. You know what I mean? I see my cousins and my aunts and uncles and roaches and rodents. I see them all enough. Okay, I had yourself in a Southern family. Huh? If you had yourself a Southern family. And of course, when you're a teenager and you talk your parents in a letting you stay home alone, God only knows what kind of things you can be doing. Let's see a theme park 13. And a safari 9 out of 923 votes. So we get that 1000 looked easy today. Man, this is something I think what I may do because I, the world creatures are having. And I made this stuff, I made take that monitor and put it on the floor or something. So I don't even look up to the one with the phone on it. I don't have the need for that. It could be a swivel that around. I mean, I don't want to overdo it going into a big thing about, you know, what? I've never taken a call again. I've done it too many times. Y'all. We'll see. We'll see. Like I said, it's just yesterday was a turning point in my life. And I can see that already today is another turning point in a direction. There was a direction. Why? That's a good one good turn to you. Well, let's see, yesterday was depressing. And today everybody's like, sure, me up. All my buddies on here on my space, all my friends out there in radio land. They're all like, good, sure, me up and all like, all over me, like, think on the Jewish. I think that's a good. Keep it up, guys. Keep it up. Give me a big kiss on the shoulder and more like hell. See, that's the one thing about all these guys. You know, like, you've been patting on the back kiss on the cheek. Well, maybe not the kiss on the cheek. Maybe the back of the neck, because then you can run real fast. Right. And I don't play them because you don't need a get emotional. I might turn around and I'm like, you're a kiss. Share my disease with them. I don't want to do that. Neal shares his disease with his good buddies. That's probably not what they had in mind, you know. Oh, God. And then also got to stop thinking about giving the numbers out too, because that becomes part of your pattern. You know what it's going to be today? It's going to be 70 boys and girls. The sun is shining. Holy, moly, right man. The sun is shining. What is it right now? It's about only 50 now. But it's going to be 71 Celsius. Is that exciting or what? So definitely not a day to go to woodbind. This way, we did a go out there walk, you know, several miles. And then stop at the Eaton Center and go to Baxter Gravins. You don't have one of them hot fight Sundays on. Too bad we don't have cold stone creamer here. It's probably just as well. Yeah, you're right. That's enough. That'll kill you. It's real heavy. Do the incourse where you say it'll kill you. What was the one who were making in the beginning? They had like the botchillers, something. Huh? Yeah, because they made it with eggs or something. And it was getting contaminated. There were people not dying, but people getting really sick. Yeah, don't you remember that? I think it was one, uh, to-banging brand. There was one flavor seriously. You're your fun and with me, but there was one flavor that they had it discontinued, because there were ingredients in that thing, and they had to stop making it. Like with eggs. Eat. See, I'm not- like I told you with an Amsterdam when you go by those places. And I've told a story a billion times, but it just- it just amazes me. How long can food sit out in the open? Like when you go into a buffet? And we don't have too many of those places anymore. At least I don't think so. But remember the places where we used to have like that dust, I always talk about in, uh, tempered pines and places like this. Places like that. Where the food just sits out there for hours and hours and hours and- Oh yeah, yeah. How long can it sit out there? And like stuff with mayonnaise in it. Uh, which is strictly for going in anyway. By the way, don't be no mayonnaise on pace off. That's my best suggestion to argue people out there. Don't be no mayo. Hold the mayo baby. Hold this. Yeah, I think I've been inspired here today. I think that reading that story and then getting some input here and output, I think it's a funny, give me a idea of how I'm going to get rid of my homo disease, man. I have to transfer to somebody else. Don't get choked out about it now. I told you I got the bad guy. Have to lay on hands, man. Lay on the hands. They'll get the oil. Let me transfer my illness to you. Got a door with oil. Have you ever been the extra sister when father Karis there at the end? He finally summoned the demon to get out of, um, Linda Blair. Reagan. Come into me. Come into me. Come into me. He, you know, all of a sudden he went flying out the window and down the stairs and say, he came quite a head turn around and wait on the stairs there. Remember that? Oh yeah. Come into me. And of course, there's a similar thing here, but I'm not sure it's exactly the same. Anyway, here's Mike Xi and Wright's on the raw story. He said President Bush is an increasing, we lonely figures as Presidency Wains, Conservative Commentator and Commerce, the anxious Audubian jail Robert Novak says. One of the real outers of Allery Plain, who ought to be in prison, ought to be in chains and shackles as we speak. With nearly two, see, I'm blaming it on who was one. It's Joe Bell, isn't he? The one that was all, the gung, over the calls and everything. I blame it on him. Keep your nose out of the show, Joe, because your idea really blew, you know? He's the one that saw, well, I like the way Neil Ray, you know, something after the first 80 million times that you interact with them and tell him you're a jerk and an idiot and a jackass and an a whole after that it's not funny anymore. Okay? No, mole. But anyway. When nearly two years remaining in his presidency, George W. Bush is alone right to know back in the Washington Post and half a century, I haven't seen a president so isolated from his own party in Congress, not to me, Carter, not even Richard Nixon as he faced impeachment, not even Dick Nixon. Novak considers this term a controversy surrounding attorney general Alberto Gonzalez, the latest in the series of adverse divisive events, divisive events, then underscores the separation between President and Republican and Congress. Not many Republican lawmakers would speak up for Gonzalez even if they were sure Bush would stick with Novak says he's the least popular cabinet member on Capitol Hill even more dislike than Rumsfeld was. The word most often used by Republicans in the described demands, we know the justice Department of the Consolences in competent, in competent, kind of like un-believeable or unacceptable or unreal or undesirable. Yeah, Congressional Republicans did not trust their president to protect them right to know back. That alone is sufficient reason with hold statements as for for Gonzalez because such a gesture could be quickly followed by his resignation under pressure, like Maria Bartaromo used to say, the market's under pressure, pressure, and her eyeballs were like, you know, a lot of practically pop out of her head as she was saying it. And the bags under eyes have made you feel like a real quick trip to publics. He decides the case of representative Adam Putton, Republican of Florida, chair of the House of Public and Conference who praised on Rumsfeld and Novembro only to see him sexually thereafter. Novak says that incompetent is also being used by GOP members to describe the Bush administration general. Several of them I talked to said that they had trusted incompetence. The Waller Read Hospital scandal, the FBI's misuse of the USA paid for the act and the US attorney is firing Fiasco. He quotes a house leader saying, we always have claimed that we were the party of better management. How can we claim that anymore? The saving grace that some Republicans find in the dispute of the US attorneys is that Novak continues, at least temporarily, it draws attention away from debate over non-popular war. Kevin Drum writes a Washington Monthly's political animal that, no back is right. The deficiencies of the Bush governor in style are Legion, but when all said and done, I think that the very first critique from the very first administration of post-AIDS is going to turn out to be the one that nailed the Bush's presidency core problem. They have a core problem, like an apple. You know, run to the core, you've heard that. Yeah. Kind of like our management. He's kind of like our good friend Joyce, run into the core of the disease. All the way to the US. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. I think you're too cool. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. How do I view that obra? Everyone, right? Head over here, watching the TV. For everybody. That's the chain to the shower now. Who would be the state of my own that now? Oh, what the hell? Oh, what the hell? Oh, what the hell? That's the end of the world. Crank! Crank! Crank! Crank! 11.18 at 5.60. That would be huge. And there's a link that I'm supposed to find on here. I'm spending half of my time on a computer here, but my close personal friend, Correspondent, I'll tell you. If I want to get cured, I'd cold stone creamy just to go to that link. And there's seven of these nasty stuff that I should be reading about. Oh, that link, uh, make a, huh? I said, we'll link. And this, by the way, somebody that loves that stuff too. It's really interesting. The popcorn kettle pink. That's what I noticed. Don't eat it. I love it, but don't you eat it because it'll kill you. And that's good advice, though, you know? It is good advice. Yeah, it's not me doing not go to Bastard Robbins and have that hot-foot Sunday. You crazy person you. Don't go to Bastard. Sorry, I was over at the facts machine. Yeah. Don't go to Bastard. You crazy person you. Oh, it's big of the facts machine. That's another thing. You know, this audience, because we keep them abreast of all the inside and inner goings and outer goings, um, they would be astonished to realize that the reason I, you know, I spent that money out of my own pocket. Not that it was that much money. I can lose that in about three minutes. It would buy. No, come on, it would bucks. But to get you a nice new all in one facts, printers, scanner, a copy or whatever. Just like the two I have here, work like a charm. Show's up down there and they actually ever hook it up so that it worked. Yeah. And then the toner ran out of ink because they, Oh, they didn't have any because it's, you know, second and. That's a bad thing. And so the thing is sitting over there on the table, I'm not connected. Not doing anything because of two chief to buy a toner cartridge for it. I'm tempted to get on an office depot down there and, and order you like a half a dozen. I get him like four, five at a time here. What a time. What a time, what a time, what a time, what a time. Of course, it's supposed to be on the stock exchange that's supposed to be a listed, freaking company, can't afford to buy toner cartridges to make the. Max machine work, man. That's my question, man. Or I, or I, uh, spending freeze. Yeah, I run a spending freeze now, We only got 85 million spots. If anyone is spending freeze and you want to know why? Because they can see they've got the numbers down. A nice small number is now one's in a two. It's like, Lawrence, what number? One a two and a three. You know, that's where the Lawrence Walkstation baby. One a two and a three. And of course you show me where the three is. And I'll show you a million dollars and catch somewhere in your back pocket. So as a result of that, we're unlike a real tight freeze now. No paper clips, no staples, no toner cartridges for sure. I just mentioned that in passing. Because it's another champion, the ongoing saga of QAM. Neil has to spring the money for a fax machine that works down there. So they can like fax and copy and fax in the log every morning. All of these, all of these things. See, I'm right. I don't need this damn phone over here with all of my needs to cause for. Yeah, for that. I know. Oh, you know, Georgia just couldn't have a lot of oil. Great show, Neil. For this ever happened to this new Zanker that the, yeah, that was a good routine too. We're doing an a squeak in camera, martian in the whole craft. Please, the same six people were the same very bad material. And then we got down and revert a sure what out there too. Yeah. And if you would just put down sure what I'm here Neil, then you'd, yeah, then I'd kill myself. How do you? Dora and say this to them. It just goes to sure, though, when you talk about resiliency, yesterday, I was there really mean this for those people who really enjoyed the show or maybe actually even like me, personal, which maybe two or three people out there. But you know, whatever. I actually felt like it nothing walking out of here. Because this rate of this company has no interest in doing anything to us. You, that their idea of the way it works is you show up every day and you make magic. That's all. And they don't have to do anything except that. That's the least part of the story is to work to a check. There are no way such things have written check. It's a big, yeah, fat check. Trust me when I tell you. But that's their concept of what it's all about. Hey, you realize we only have an hour in the 27 minutes to go until Marlon baseball time. So what's I say? Oh, dry. Isn't it amazing? It was zooming up there. Then you'll see. I want the entire audience here. We have some similar correspondence as that they could really depress one of these Marlon games on all. Geez, and they lack this Marlon stuff. We have to turn it off. But you know, something look at it from my standpoint. Look at it from it's adding days and years to my life so that I can be around nudging you and bug in the crap out of you. And, you know, all this stuff, right? Right. That's what it's all about. Man, it's hot in here. I sure hope I don't have the heat on down there. Do you think I have the heat? I don't know. See, that's one thing about the spring. Now I'm not talking about it in Florida. I'm probably not going to real place like here. The spring. One day it can be like 30 degrees. Mm-hmm. But third man. I mean, I say, it's going to be 70. Right. It's going to be 70 freaking degrees in Toronto day boys and girls. Go up on the lead. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. Go up on the lead. Go up on the lead. But see, 70 today, only 50 tomorrow and Thursday and 59 on Friday with big sun. I always like when you look on the weather and they got the big sun. Simple. You know, like, not a cloud in the sky. Like it is right now, man. Oh, wait. Thank you. Will cookie dough ice cream had the egg in it. Oh, oh. Oh, okay. Let me be able to have to go to that linker that my buddy was suggesting I go to. Let me tell you something. Whatever it is that you don't expect to be there is not as dangerous as the stuff that you know is in there to you. What does that mean? The sugar is what's going to kill you. You roll the ice cream in dog crap. It's the sugar that's going to kill you. Do ice cream. I like that. Oh, man. What's the taste ice cream? It's honey. You know something that's what I need, badly. I need a dog. Okay. They are alive and they're in the building. Maybe I see. No, I can't have. There's no pest alive in this building. No pets at all that even though. Well, maybe first. When we come up from a house, I can pet him a little bit. Have you petting? How about starting out with light petting would be good. Anything at all would be an improvement. You know, you could say, you should have pettings of it. A little something something sounds good to me. Anyway, let's take a look at that poll and see if we got that thousand boats yet. All we're on the verge, baby. We're right on the verge. We got 968. 968 that's exactly what I said. I'll put my glasses on just to be damn sure. I don't want to be given out any misinformation here. Okay. I don't mind being called an old queen or stuff like that, but if somebody would say, Oh, that is your Rogers. He was like miss information. Like you know, like Joe Bell. Miss management. Why do they keep showing that picture of that fat cow bitch and her son? You know, I don't remember. I don't remember. Because I don't mind that she's dead. But it was like right there. He was really nice kid. He was really nice kid. He was really, of course, I wouldn't have cared at all. He just said nice, teller, no, that is not good. The fact that I see I have to admit, oh, from his case, please. How do we know that? What's one? He's going to the redone that's given me for the work I was doing. What's he? He's a cute shirt. I was also those two get skis that stole all the money and they were out there screwing around and doing the Lord's work man. They were doing the old, they were doing it for all glory. Whole. 931 votes on the pool. Rounds with whole. And of course, that Marlon baseball game come out of a 1250. Not that we're concerned about it. The game's gorgeous scores. He was born Thomas Edward Brady Jr. And they grew to rule a New England dynasty. Three Super Bowl rings. twice Super Bowl MVP. And a playoff resume a Kindua first class ticketed Canton, Ohio. However, his powers on the gridiron gives way only to his powers in the bedroom. Born late in the 2006 season Tom Brady achieved the greatest back-to-back scoring feat in the modern era. First he impregnated Seltri Hollywood starlet. Bridget Moynihan then against all odds. This heroic field-general bedded and inseminated lingerie Supermodel. Jizel Bunchen. And so, in honor of his triumphs between the hash marks and between the sheets. We bequeath the laurels and regal among the game's greatest scores. Number 12. Tom Brady. I just was able to find this thing and it's going to make you sick. It's going to make me sick. Well, I'm going to make you nauseous. What do you go to cold stone at R1? I've been there once. And by that I mean somebody brought over ice cream from their woods. This is this website. I'm not really sure because I got off of this thing. But it's one of these health kind of things like a warning to all these horrible things that would kill you. Okay. And it's got a picture of this container. Oh man. Yeah, I wish I wasn't in front of this app. For those of you that you did. It's a container from cold stone. It's got like a chocolate. What would you call it? Like the outer rim of this thing. Action is said rim of it. Right up. The outer part of it is chocolate. And then the ice cream is inside. All inside the cup. Oh, it says sorry so little stone cold free cream reference. You can't even read it. I'm so tongue-tied. But your favorite ice cream place has CSPI screaming. And what is CSPI? That's the website that I just got this off of. Or it's MSNBC. Consumer. What does that stand for? CSPI. I don't know. Safety or prod of information. Is that a cadet be it? Consumer safety. I just made that up. But I think that could be it. What do you think? Sounds good. What's it got to do with my call? It's a health and fitness thing. Anyway, going back to this it says. The group called called out the founders favored combo as extreme. But boy, it sure does look good. Yeah, it's extremely good. Here's the scoop. It says it starts with a 14-out softball. It starts out with a 14-out softball size mound of ice cream placed at a chocolate waffle cone bowl. As well as that is. That thing on the rim. Then top with pecans, brownie pieces, fudge and caramel. Or some goyan say caramel. It was a crisp that was given me that crap about it's caramel. You saying that? I don't think it was me. No. You don't care what you call it. This is long as you get to eat it. You're like me. You're like me. You're just a pig. And it's first when it comes to sweet baby when it comes to sweet. I am bad. And that's what's killing me man. It's not killing me. I'm doing pretty good. Don't I sound human today? Yes. Those two things have been taken today. So you think they're going to go tomorrow? If I can lay off the ice cream, I'll sound really good tomorrow. Just remember it's poison. Yeah. What? No shredded coconut says or a CSP ice. This is where the gummy bears orios or Reese's pieces. See, I'm not big on it. All of that. How's the Ryanville shredded coconut? The yucky shredded coconut. Yeah. Oh, there's seven more things on there. I'm getting the message to you after I've put it to this one. I'll put it to vomit. Okay. Really? Thanks Steve. Just what I needed. It says the founders favorite checks that it's 1740 calories. 48 grams of saturated fat. And four times the healthy amount in a day. There is no really healthy amount of trans fats. That's the killer baby. That's the killer in the nil or even if it's on vanilla. Ask for extra spoons and find some people. It says the dessert equates to five single scoop ice cream cones. I'll knock it ahead of that. Now what is it again? It's the, um, what do they call it? Extreme? Okay. No. Well, what is the name of it? Does it have a name? See, this thing is so poorly written. It really frost my fat ass. It says your favorite ice cream play in Sesame Screamy. Oh, it's founders favorite combo. Found his favorite combo. My bad. Excuse me. But I'm getting my, my blood sugar is going up his looking at it. And during the break and when I go back on his sight and look at the other, how many did he say they were like four other? Should look at the seven other things on there. Oh. But you know something I think yesterday, I think they were trying to kill me. I think we know what the phone calls me, his theory and the radio state. All this stuff and I got into a very morbid state of mind. And, uh, and then today, I think since that didn't work, they're trying to do it with ice cream. You think? Yeah, well, they know that's your weakness. Oh, that's one of my weaknesses too. Anything sweet, you know what I mean? Oh, I heard it was sour. Yeah, well, sorry, like I said, sour crowd. Is that what you're going to say? Hi, new, that's where you were going sour crowd. I wasn't thinking that at all. I was sour. I was thinking of sweet crowd. That's what I was thinking. This is a sheer a little sharing isn't all that bad. You want to say? We got an hour and four ten minutes to the ball game. When I clicked this baby again, we might be out of thousand votes. It's equivalent to long nine ninety five. It's coming along nine ninety five. We'll have a thousand after the break. After I look at the cold stone creamery. I will say this much about that because I don't want to say that, you know, John brought some of that home a couple of times when I was down there. Not the last couple of times. Thank God. Don't be doing it again, John. Well, he just knows that that's, you know, see everybody hits you at your weakness. You know what I mean? They always they find what your weakness is, and then they hit you at it. And then they dangle things in your face. You know what I mean? Dangle it. Yeah. And then they run like hell. But boy, I'll tell you that. And that stuff and with me, it's got to be. They always say that you, you crave the foods that you're allergic to. Okay. Okay. They crave the foods you're allergic to. And with me, it's pasta and ice cream for his lot for at least 30 years. Yeah. Third man. And just to show you, I say, I got off the show. I wanted to like practically kill myself. I was so depressed from this stupid crap and letting the colors destroy the show. And making an ass out of myself right there in front of at least 100 people, which is all we got left listening. And what did I do? I ran across the street and I got the ice cream and it worked. Sugar. Anybody who says sugar is not a drug is a crazy person. Okay. Okay. Oh, I see. I'm just reading more about this site. I'll hear about consumer protection information. You know something. I don't want to eat something because it's good for me. I want to eat because it tastes good. Because I mean, especially at my age, you know, now that I'm a dot-ring old fool. You people are going to miss me. Let me tell you that. What's they stick my ass into the writing and say, what happened to the old man? What the hell? We ever survived self-floor without his ass. You know what? They're going to miss me. Even the tractors out there, especially them. Am I right? Oh, yeah. What would they do without you? I'm making their day because they know I have no life. And when they tune on between 10 and 2, I don't give a damn what else is going on. Where they are glued to that radio. Just the side of my voice gets them in a nearly orgasmic mental kind of city. And probably even physical who knows. Who knows? Got to only know what they're doing. A lot of listening to the sound of my voice. You're like that. Got to only know exactly what they're doing. That's what I'm thinking of looking at this ice cream. Founders favorite. Sounds like something like maybe the founding fathers would have done. Now, I'm really curious about how long I guess I could Google it. When I'm through looking at these other seven flavors and all the sort of bits that I'm supposed to look at. But when did ice cream start? And who invented it? Now wouldn't it be a shame? We know all about the great gelato in Italy, right? Oh, mama mia. Yes. Food in Italy. Anybody who hasn't been Italy speaking of our pool today? Oh, we got a thousand one votes. How you like that, Chris? You like it? I'm happy. When I meant to say what you like it? But anyway, with a great gelato and I'm pretty well, I'll say it great. Ice cream is in Germany, man. They have got the most fabulous ice cream in Germany. Why that is? I don't know. In fact, all the food in Germany is good. You know, those brought worse and sour, crowd and vener snitzle. A lot of veners in Germany. That's why I like going there. But both of the food is really good. And in Rome, though, the best in the world in Italy. So do you know anything about the history of ice cream since you know someone's video? Yeah. Are you really? Well, let's, let's, we got an hour and a minute to go, which probably is like really cutting it short, but it's not as interesting as the Marlon game I know. The biggest name, so best down as this is the U Rocker's Sports Video 560. And then you burn it down. You can get somebody to believe that you think that you might feel Bible-says too. So that or what you do, you can think of a heart will always forgive you. Think of a poison in the snake. And I will say, where they all are. Find this gorgeous planet. And shoot it, doctor, down. Everybody, play along with your no-kay. Come on, do we have the cover game? Beat the crap out of your kid. You're too hot of me now. You're a spirit of money. And I will say, and that's the way to bow. I will say, why don't you give me the faith. You make a sacrifice. Oh, right. You'll just know where you're going. Oh, you need Marlon today. Thank you. Because I got a lot of eatens to do. I mean, a lot of run around to do. Twice-break-lizana with meatballs. This, this, this, this article here about health and fitness. And it's showing what it is. Is it shows all the different things that you can buy in various establishments that are the worst things in a world-frighty item? Yeah. And for a pig-like meat, why would he care that they're bad for me? No, first not. Now this, I thought that the colossal burger in Ruby Tuesdays was pretty impressive. Impressive. And it is. And only when you see the pictures though, I haven't gotten through all these yet. It says there are a lot of giant hamburgers out there for the gorging these days. And the C.S.P.I. says Ruby Tuesdays is the Chum House leader. The Chum House leader. Huh. Well, it's colossal burger. Two patties and three layer bun. And when you see the size of the patties man, this is a big, I can't even imagine anybody. Even the fattest people we can think of who are, we've got a mouth big enough to put that baby in. Just a starting point. You got obviously eat this with an iPhone of hope. You get a total of nineteen or four-ty-calt. A reason the C.S.P.I. points out that's before the fries are optional so us. The burger is so big that sir, with a silverless steak knife, I see this, they stick to steak knife in and through the top of it. Told it together. And allows for some forklift thing is actually try to eat the thing. Along with a meat and a bread and a good enough American melted American and Monterey Jack Jesus to equally quitting four to five McDonald's quarter pounders. Total. Ha ha ha. Donald grams of fat. 141 grams. All right. We're at C.S.P.I. estimates is at least half and maybe three quarters of the unhealthy saturated fat. Hmm. Hmm. See there he goes thinking about Germany again. Hmm. Yeah, you're right. Well that's me, you know. Now come, this, because again it's my obsession with sweets. I'll be forget to the one about the outrageous chocolate cake. Here's a twice-spake lasagna with meatballs. It says it will surprise nobody that lasagna is a bit heavier distance in taste spaghetti, marinara or even fettuccine bolognese. But the Romano's macaroni grill which I love the macaroni grill. You don't know how to feel about them. Is he there? What up right here, what he took. Oh, why are you swinging? Is this something like having nothing but sneezing and coughing fits. Well if you stop reading about ice cream, how do you know? Yeah, we're letting. Yeah, I did. There's a lot of, um. Okay, well we'll get to it. We got an hour and two minutes to go. Not that counting you understand. Before the Marlins game. CSPI counted 1360 calories of our favorite and 16-woman typical restaurant meat lasagna. The 30 aquariums of fett and 39-hundred milligrams of sodium nearly doubled most of the restaurant lasagna. The Romano's version has six layers of pasta stuffed with meatballs, three cheeses and a meat sauce. Mmm. CSPI says it's dietary equivalent, beating five pork chops. Oh no. Five pork chops even I don't like pork that much. Wow. That's not something I really, I don't know. Is that because it's for going? I don't care that I like brought worst plenty, you know. A pork chop is in that something I would order in a restaurant. Would you ever order that? No, but I think I might have. I really wanted to pick out pork chops are really good depending on who's making them and, you know, all that stuff. But generally, I think they're in the, they cook them too long and they can dry it out. And that is correct. There's nothing worse than dry pork and stuffed pork chops are really good. Mmm. People's houses, they split the pork chop and then they stump it with the butterfly. Yeah, exactly. And one of these chicken really go, I don't want to stuff. I saw that movie. Out of the ages, chocolate cake, CSPI refers to this dish as a factory reject to play on the name of the restaurant chain, the cheesecake factory. Never eaten the cheesecake factory. There's one right over there by me at the shop. Yeah. Now, the only thing I've heard about her, you know, you hear all kinds of stuff. And it's actually go someplace and discover for yourself. You don't even know what the lady lay at the land is. Once or twice, never again. And well, tell me why? The food is fine if you can ever get it. You can never get anybody. Yeah, that's a bad service. It's an understatement. And very loud. It's very loud. If you jump up and down on the table and scream, somebody might notice that you've actually been seated there. But after about an hour, you might get somebody to pay attention to you and take a meal over. And then after about another hour, they might bring you your food that's already cold by that point. Oh. Anyway, it actually is called Chris's outrageous chocolate cake. And this Chris turd-like chocolate. It's a big old piece, man. The cake is described in the menu as layers of moist chocolate cake, chewy brownie, toasted coconut pecan filling in creamy chocolate chip coconut cheesecake. It's a big old piece, man. The total sliced served as five inches high and weighs three quarters of a pound. The dessert is 13 and 80 calories, which is actually on the low side for the extreme eating nominees, but there's a catch. The cake contains 32 teaspoons of sugar. What you might expect in four decadent desserts combined. 32 teaspoons of sugar. CSPI equates to two McDonald's quarter pounders and a larger or a prize. Pommes, free-thous. I keep trying to tell you quitting them fries. Well, it all looks really good, but I go back to this day and cold so I'm creamy because of my ice cream weakness. And the fact that it's sitting in there in a chocolate waffle cone bowl. Which I never even heard of that before, but it's just a teller rate. Yeah, oh, if you see, if you see not a lot of it. I might send the link along to you. Oh yeah, some decent total. Chocolate waffle cone bowl in top would be cans, brownie pieces, fudge and caramel. See, I almost sent it myself, caramel, I hate that. But the ice cream to me, I don't know even what it is. For a minute, it looks like almost like Rocky Road. Oh my god, this is bad. Yeah, it's great. For all you people out there, we apologize for it, it's a great time. Because if you're like me and you see all this stuff and get you all with it, it gets your appetite going. And you're going to be rest of the day. And especially this is, I get off at 12.50. I think there's a method for the madness here, you know. But then again, I see, no, I always do that. I blame everybody else, you know. I blame other people for my own weaknesses. You know, it's just, let's see. Here's a message. It says, I love the cheesecake factory. And right, any problems with service, all their food is great. An elephant sized portion. I think that's a hint, you know, elephant sized portion. Yeah, here is double stack, club case ideas. At on the borders. I never heard of it. Have you ever heard of a Mexican joint called on the borders? No. I heard of borders, book on the borders. Huh? Thought candle. Well, there is one on the borders. The city is made the extreme eating list for being about 50% to 100% less healthy. Then they already fairly unhealthy cheese casity is, with sour cream and guacamole, you get it, most restaurants. The change double stack club casity is feature large portions of tortillas and cheese company by more, uh, making of a club sandwich. So he to chicken, crumbled bacon, fresh avocado, fat, God do I hate avocado. Do we have a, we even have a bid, don't we? Do we? Avocado. Yeah, we do. Not some good play, just, just I know we have. We got a bid for everything man. Not for cold, so I'm creamier yet. Avocado. Yeah, see there it is. I hate it. I like the bid, but I don't like the sour cream and French dress in the total damage 1800 calories, 52 grams of saturated fat and 3440 milligrams of sodium. CSP I quits into two full orders of cheese laden nachos or some are between four and five grotesque sandwiches. Oh, I love grotesque sandwiches. Especially look on Ryan. Mmm. Double stack club casity is that that doesn't, I don't know. I mean, there's nothing I see on here yet. The twice baked lasagna with meatballs at the macaroni grill looks really, really good. The gigantic cheese factory, whatever they call that outrageous chocolate cake. That thing is just nauseatingly good looking, disgustingly good looking. And the giant burger there, where is that at Ruby Tuesdays? Huh. I haven't, I haven't only just begun, like Karen would say. Hey, Karen, why didn't you eat some of this honey? Can you imagine if we could've just gotten Karen to eat some of this good stuff? Karen Carpenter, if she were just here today. Here's another one, looks really good, but you wouldn't like it. Fresh chicken, broccoli, pasta. Mmm. These eat on like broccoli, I do, I love it. Ruby Tuesday with heavily, heavy, what does it say? It seems healthy enough that chicken is pulled from a roasted bird. And the broccoli is steamed. The pasta standard, penny pasta, but then the, the entire on tray forms the Ricardiac catastrophe, 2000 calorie, Ricardiac catastrophe, I like the sound of that. And it's got all this melted cheese on it. Oh, god, I love melted cheese. And in fact, that would be like an erotic thing thinking about erotic cheese on, you know, anything like that, you know what I mean? I can't say it. Yeah. Yeah. Why? Other joke. But you have no idea what it was thinking. Why do you probably do have an idea? Probably because of the audience has no idea what I was thinking about. And it would probably something like that. Yeah, that's me, you know, that's just me. That's just me. When you start talking about Germany and brought worse than stuff like that, I start, you know, I get weak at the knees. I'm, you know, I'm so easy. Takes very little to give me emotionally distraught. Thousands and 30 votes on the pool. 10 30, WBZ Boston man, one of the great radios, one of the great aims of all time. Too bad all you punched out there, never owned a radio when it was worth owning. Oh, boy. Don't you think probably it's a, and if they don't stop showing this inmate idle craft. Oh, my god, have you seen this thing on CNN? They must be really every 20 minutes. It'd be in between and in a cool and or some, he's still pretty good when he was alive. Only if he would have just shaved and taken a bath. But, uh, and inmate idle. Sorry. Watching this is a double tweet. Baby, only in America, where jailbirds are, uh, singing in dancing and the juke of enjoyment. I'm a house, but not much to do. I got nil Rogers on the radio and, uh, hey, what are you, no? Yeah, it's a, uh, way to call it, eh, 12 to 1 hour. Woo, woo, woo, woo. Oh, yeah. So many trips to the grocery store. Eventually I'll go some way someday. Oh, see that I'm barely just feeling my half through the door. I miss you, I'm looking my body. Oh, woo, woo, woo, woo. Stop feeling this one, I like it, I like it, I like it, I like it, I like it. You wanna know by now. I'm a thing in the house, I'll clap you back. Just look at the fat on my tummy. And it seems as you waste a dime. We told you, die yourself. Come on, I'm fat, look at me, I'm still. Oh, woo, woo. Oh, woo, woo. Oh, woo, woo. Probably one at 5.60 WKM only, 40 minutes away from Marlin's baseball. Oh, right, Marlin's then the Orioles and Fort Lauderdale, Hanks on after the game with the, at the tennis tournament that we don't care about. And then you got pants or peevey with 630, Panthers have lightning seven o'clock. And after the Panther game, it's night night lights out. But here's another one from the Upygote Pigs. And by the way, it's the, I wasn't even close. Center for Science in the Public Interest. I thought I'd call it something. I don't know. That's what CSPI, something perverted, I think you said. Something to discuss the introverted, and I thought the piece to for something else. But that's me, you know, that's old pervert, that's me. And proud of it. Anyway, the evaluated popular restaurant dishes such as Fettuccine, Alfredo, which is known as Hard Attack on a Flake, and Kung Pao Chicken, more than the days with a salt. And one of them here, pizza skins, and it's got a picture, and this looks really, really good. Of course, they all look good. I don't see a picture of anything I own here that doesn't look really, really yummy to me. Pizza skins, it says the Center for Science in the Public Interest calls appetizers the most treacherous territory on the restaurant menu. Did you know that? Nope. Before you tell us all about this, we are ice cream. It says no wonder the uno-shakago grill has come up with an appetizer that fuses deep-dish pizza with potato skins for pizza skins. Enough carbs for you, there. We got pizza and potato together. All right. The dish features the uno-shakago meat dish crust, mozzarella cheese, nice potatoes, bacon, cheddar cheese and sour cream. So, if anybody's going to be going to Chicago anytime soon, there's a little heart attack right there in front of your nose. Uno-shakago grill and pizza skins. It adds up to 2050 calories more than recommended for most adult women in an entire day, and about 150 calories short for the average guy for the whole day, pizza skins also have 48 grams of saturated fat, and 3,140 milligrams of sodium. So, yes, PI acquitted it to three, pizza hot personal pan, panperi-ruini pizzas, plus three-pats of butter. Oh, hold the butter. Man, it looks really, really good, but don't they all? Okay, let's hear about the history of ice cream, we all scream for ice cream. Especially that one. Where'd I do with it? All right. Don't tell me I've turned it out. I would never do that. Oh, there it is. Anyway, on into antiquity, the various ancient cultures enjoyed frozen desserts, the royalty did, those who could afford ice, would freeze fruit juice, sweetened with honey, etc. And so on, the first recorded incident of adding milk, gramma junya honey. Yeah, to that mixture, would during the yuan dynasty, when they picked up that practice for the Mongols, who used milk and they're cooking with the Chinese did not. So, somehow, in any of my ice cream, a while, some Mongolian idiot introduced milk into a cooking and then some Chinese man added that into the mixture of the fruit juice and the sweetener that they were already doing to serve to the royalty. Now, folklore has it that Marco Polo brought that information over to Italy, but there's no documentation to support it. He doesn't mention ice cream. Maybe that's what I had. Maybe I have Marco Polo Polo Polo Polo Polo Polo Polo. Marco Polo. Because because the pasta, which he introduced in the ice cream, he did introduce pasta, that's documented, but the ice cream does not appear in any of his writings, so that's more folklore. So, the fact that the first time that it did appear in Europe, documented frozen milk dessert, concoctions, it did appear in Italy first in Europe, but that's after the 13th century Chinese people did it. Nice! So, there you go. And then it spreads like wildfire from there. Wildfire? 18 something rather was when they invented the hand-crank ice cream machine, which made it available for the common folk. 18 something. He was a chick that invented that thing. Oh, she was cranking it by hand. Well, she was not. It's not the one to be popular. He must have been on the rag and needed something. 1846 Nancy Johnson. Nancy Johnson! Wow! How do you like that? I actually got a name. She was the first one to hand-crank ice cream. Wow. I've got to see the guys who were... No, it was... I'm milling it in there for miles around. Big industrial to do before that turn. I wonder if she was Kim Duel. What's your name? What's your name? I'm a brother. Susan... The one I call every day. Susan's a great... Great, that's the one. Well, rhymes with... Get him, try to block it out. Yeah, I wonder if she was Kim D'Suz and Gray. And you noticed here it is. It's 12.05. I have the thing turned off. The monitor on the phone. And not even thinking about putting your call on here. Now, have we had any shortage of what? Anything. Yes. We have stuff to talk about, especially with your... The food portal show. Yeah. Maybe we've had the combination food and porno every day on here. The new one is food and porno. So you ever like, you know, eat while you... Yeah, yeah, on your one. Do it. Do it. Did something else yet? Why did do something. Yeah. Not really when you come right down to it. In fact, I heard that eating a bed is very frowned upon because all the crumbs give all over the place. But then it's like a little something left to a lap up, you know. Wait, let's see. Crackers. The people who look like they're... They look like they're... Of course, he's man. Anyway. So they ask you to stay around 200... ...some of some odd. More. More than that. Well, I mean, hand crank. Well, 1300s. 13 minutes. 12 minutes. 12 minutes. Seven, oh man. And then some that I've had from the convenience store, it's of the consistency where you think that's when they made it. Because if you get some that's been... You ever have anything that's got like freeze and burn on it? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Well, like if you ever put hamburgers in the... Yeah. Yeah. Of course. Of course. But I've never been there for like a year or no. Yeah. Anything. Well, I put this in there a month ago or something. I don't know why the recollection when you put it in there. And then you get the old freezer burn. Oh, my God. That's almost as bad as an aspirin. But not quite. Oh, there's your presence speaking of ass. These two networks inside. I've eaten that a book, but am I, yeah. Oh, God. The question tells me that Neil said, uh, Hubbed and Dyer, the presence you go to help. That's what that means. He should only go to hell. He should only burn and hell. My idea of an idea of a vacation out of a thousand forty-seven boats is, shedding off to another country 284. A tropical island, one fifty. One sixty. Excuse me. Across country of Skerzian 91. Staying home drinking beer watching TV 88. Vegas, casino 79. Leaving this fousan kids at home and going alone 69 having a wild time. time. Sewing my oats 69. See that? The cruise 69. Beach 50. ski resort 43. That whole skiing thing. I'm it. Yeah, I guess there are people that are like athletic which are old shoes and I have a lot of can never have been. But I just I don't understand that whole thing. What is it? It's fun and you're going downhill. So it's not like you're working a lot. Yeah, you're right about that last part. There I'm going downhill. All right. Thank God. I think everybody risked you. If you like fun tell a bass with a very shape. Yes. Now if you get you got that, rescue me by fun tell a bass. I bet you got it. Look at that. That's a great song. And speaking of songs, I'm going to start. I'm going to start working on what we're going to be playing going up to the Marling game. There it is. Fun tell a bass with a real low fat ass. Every DJ that ever played their song. It's a super ass comment. Make fun. Fun tell a bass with a shape. I'm going to shape me like this. We'll pick that ass. There were lots of the ass in those days. No, that's when I was just going to say that. Of course not. They wanted to say that. There we go. That's in P.C. your president, baby. That's what I'm thinking. Is that it? Oh, that's not the right stuff. One, two, three, four. Really? Yeah, it was long. There it is. There you go. Good Canadian one year young. We're striking a lot of years. We're always good singers. We'll be poppercobaline. There it is. There it is. There it is. There it is. There it is. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You check that. You turn. You turn. You turn. You turn. Huh? Oh, I mean. Yes. Yes. Oh, right. Yeah, I think that's something that I've played for the ball game time. Of course. There are a lot of right wingers that give me the ball. Give me the ball. Like all those pictures on our mice face page, we're all those athletes who are like Rabbin each other's sack. I mean, I don't understand it. We'll be one thing if it was the sack of potatoes and they were like hungry. I can understand that. Yeah. That's not the sack we're talking about. Spuds. I thought in football was the only sport where they get sacked. Even in football, we haven't noticed how many times. I'm sure Chris has noticed this even though he's had a sexual mind tries to avoid seeing it. But how many times guys get tackled and the attacker is reaching right around their sack. You don't understand? Well, I don't think they're trying to grab them there. Just, you know, whatever. You don't think. You don't want to think that's where they're trying to grab. That's what you're that you're that a mental, I don't never actually thought about it. You know, it's interesting. You have them. Now that I've mentioned to you when football season starts, you're going to be watching that a lot. You're going to be watching that. And some of our mice face people will come up with these really neat pictures. There you know, and then especially that I can't remember which one of the Goop balls that is up there. We've got all these strange pictures of athletes grabbing each other very strange like that one baseball picture where the guy hits the home run. He's crossing home plate. And the guy that's going to head of a mistake and they're waiting and congratulate him by squeezing, I can't say it, you know, it's squeezing for no reason. Have you seen that picture? I thought it. I don't think I have. Well, I know George could handle it. Now you can't handle it. Why is that? Well, I know George could handle it. Now you can't handle it. Why is that? Well, I know George could handle it. Why is that? Why is that? It's a game with a kind of a game with a game with a game. If our still around it could speak. That's a game club you moron. I wonder if he's still around anywhere else? I told you it was his blog. See, that's why I'm not going to write any more entries in my blog. Because that's what happens to all of us. Famous people like else, who used to be famous, and now he's more like, You know, they destroyed him. They ruined his life. And so now he writes a blog. I'm not going to be doing that. No, Mo. You think? What do I think? I don't know. I'm just telling you. I'm just, I'm smiling the way it is, man. No, Mo. I mean, I wouldn't write a blog just because it's effort. No, that's true. It takes a minute for me. And then you got to come up with something interesting, creative, that somebody won't want to hear about. I don't want to do that. That's for people who don't have a radio show. No, that's right. Well, what do I need a blog for when I got four hours to be as here every day, or at least two hours and 50 minutes on Marlon Vays, like today, I am Thursday. From it's past noon at QM, we were 40, what a 38 minutes away. Wow, but who's counting Tom Arlon's Vays fault? What a beautiful day, man. Beautiful there, too. Sunny is going to be Abia, I do believe in Fort Lauderdale. I looked up the weather just to make sure it was not going to be no rainouts. 58 here already. It's going to be 21 Celsius that 70 degrees, man. 70 degrees as the crow fly. Goodbye, and then the cold, that pasty holder. I'll need as you want to, where'd you inside of me? I know, case, to the way you're that as in the ground. Yes, you can't spend that money now. But you sure die trying. Say, how's that white trash die? It that was gonna get you back to me with whiskey and in better. I'm really surprised that you didn't have to die because you were that dumb. You accomplished nothing and if you came up to the super star, I would have asked you to break a 20, but have no more. I've not that what we're thinking, you have something other to pitch outside of Wazy Panferware and Astronaut. Oh yeah, let's pamper that bitch. It's 12, 19 at 5, 60 WQM boys, we're just a matter of moments. Nice. Away from Arlin Baseball. Aren't you sure that we got all these pig out picks here from the Center for Asscience and the P.B. Contristo whatever it is, CSPI. Yes, shoot. See on the one hand, they're trying to like a warn everybody about all. This is gonna kid you, this is really bad for you. In the meantime, what is it that they're really doing? What they're doing is they're doing tremendous promotion for all these restaurants, and all these phenomenally bad for your treats, man, because we're all pigs. See if there was a God, I mean, I want all you religious nuts, you stupid people, all the God squad. Just stop and think about it. If there was a God, then how come that everything is so collectible and phenomenal like this stuff that we're all talking about and like the cold so and creamy? How come that's so bad for you? It's gonna kid you a few too much and make you diabetic and sick and chop your legs. I guess that in a few, too much. It's not so bad. It's just how much you pigs and tend unsurably into your face. You know, as Chris, he was talking about to us, that's right. Yeah, well, you know, schmuck. Puts. You know, Chris, I'm thinking about when George was out sick last Thursday to put out the world. Josh didn't on the show. What did that? God he was good. Well, hey, we'll find out again next week. That's what he's talking about. That's right. You're on vacation next week. Josh is going to be there every week. At least the note to make sure to call you a fat pig. He's not going to call me no fat pig. No, he loves me, man. He wants to be my will. I think that's why you're on the second round. So I have to be doodily. Josh has been, yeah. He wants in that will. He's just said to be kind of a thrill. And I told him, take a chill pill. How many votes we got on the pool here so far? Thousands or 66, not too bad. I think we'll make a lot of 100 by game time. Wouldn't that be nice? I mean, huh? Wouldn't that be nice? I think so. Your feather in the Chris's cat for whatever reason. I feel like I don't know how that life done is. I couldn't have done the loan. I've said to that, I've got a lot of all my buddies out there helping me change my whole attitude on life. And the fact that I was wise enough, see, you have to know when to go with the flow, because sometimes things blow. And sometimes you just gotta say no. No more as in that phone. Give it a rest. I'm going to put like something over. I'm going to put like a schmato over it. Like a doily over the mother. Well, I don't think I can find a doily or rather like an area rug. All right. Just lay it over the, um, over the monitors so I don't even see it up there. Although it's pretty dark with it. I'm the honest I've never once even come close to giving the numbers out today. Or thought about giving any of those special calls. And see the interesting part of it is that you morons, you idiots, like the people that we're calling yesterday, including some of it. Well, people would be astonished if they knew who they were, but nevertheless, oh, I see, we screwed up the new Roger. We're going to destroy that. Well, guess what? Actually, it didn't. It worked right in reverse. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I did. They did me a humongous favor because they brought me back to my senses. And then, to have to go through 600 of these idiots to find it, get somebody that might be actually amusing or interesting, or maybe even actually have something to say. It's just thing worth it. It's a waste of my time. It's a waste of my very high paid time. You know, I mean, by high paid time. That was high as in... Hi, you're a power. Yeah, as in that high, you're a high. But nevertheless, 1066 on the pool. Now, you know, damn well, I've been in a lot of good and bad days. This was fine as far as a showtop, again, and the thing with the ice cream, I thought was, marginally interesting. I thought you didn't make it very interesting. I thought a little bit disappointed. Sorry, I mean, I could have gone on more. There's a lot more material there, but that's the important part. You did. Chris, you think you made it pretty interesting about the history of ice cream? I mean, I would seem to me that what I said, I said, you weighing. It was okay. See, he's covered his ass, you know. I think he was having my croaker something pretty soon, and he better get on your good side. You'll have Josh courtes back there in four shakes of a limestone. Or maybe one shake. Hmm, shakes. No. Oh, I got a headache. Let's start talking about Alan's pharmacy again. I'm burdened red and all of a sudden. I agree with you. I saw we talk about his food. I mean, I was that out of your time talking about his food in sex. We're sure we're there. We can't talk about sex anymore. Well, we can, we can, we can, like, you know, kind of dance around the edges of it. Uh-huh. We can, we can, we can, we can, we can do a Kazaski right around the edges of it. Uh-huh. Man, we can do a Kazaski right around the edges of it. Whatever, it might break it for you to dive in there. Yeah. Well, let's not get now. Let's see. There you go. What? Give you a little rope and right away you're starting the diving. You and Greg Lucanus, man. So much diving going on. That's a problem. Speaking of that, Sarah Wheeler's life has become a contradiction. It's speaking of what you were just saying. Once it proud lesbian, she's now a pariah in the gay community. This is the Atlanta of all places. Once in a committed relationship with the female partner, she's rethinking her sexuality. Now Sarah. Oh, my God. And now she's doing something she wants what have considered unthinkable, arguing that Gays don't have the legal right to adopt children. Wheeler's coming to grips with the fact that she's become an outcast for taking this Devon a custody fight for her child, but she says, this isn't what her fight is about. It's about motherly rights, she says. Sounds like a mother to me. Wheeler, 36-enter partner, Missy, decided to start a family together and share the weaver last name. I wonder if she's kind of any wheeler, the Hall of Fame dead harness racing driver. In 2000, Sarah weaver gave birth to a son Gavin through artificial insemination. Two years later, they decided Missy would have showed adopt a child and legally become a second parent. George or law doesn't specifically say whether gay parents can adopt a child, so the decision was up to a judge in the Atlanta area is to Cal County. After the adopt an investigative determine that both partners wanted it, the judge cleared the request. They wanted it. Don't we have the drop in by, yeah. Oh, yeah. I wanted it. Yeah. But that's not by who it says on it. But that was the guy from Kyth from IOD. Remember that? The one that wanted to move in with me. Remember him? No. J.C. Okay. Remember J.C. from IOD from the Paxon era? J.C.J.P. whatever. Now if J.P. were, oh, you've got to get your P.P. Those are straight out. The couple's relationship meeting these two dice later, wouldn't come in for this story, but a returning or a bushfield. So yeah, we're became involved with someone else and wouldn't let Missine Gavin see each other. Sarah Weedor, if now's the other relationship, saying regardless of my actions, it doesn't make me a bad mother, just maybe a real mother. Sarah and Missine Weedor has split by July 2004. Missine was fighting for a joint custody of the boy. The two sides do agree about one thing. The case is about mother's rights. Everybody seems to forget. We're not talking about lesbian rights. We're not talking about a child who's been bought in with a mother. Sarah Weedor made the league argument. That's nothing. And George Loss specifically allows me adoption. The adoption should be tossed out. Her first lawyer is warned her the case could set the rights back as century. She hired a new attorney and asked it to Cal County court to toss the adoption. She had previously pushed for her. timing. It should never be in a food because it runs a foul estate law. What a bitch. Wow. Lord Douglas Brown, Brown editor of a Southern Voice to see us. I'm getting soaked up about it. Makes me sick. The Southern Voice to see these main gay newspaper in Atlanta, Pentecost, McCusing, Sarah Weedor of South Hating. We owe it to each other not to lash out ways that damage the entire gay community. She wrote, you're own family. Maybe destroy it. But don't destroy ours too. She'd be saying well written there. Honey. Laura. You still be as fairer. Thank you. Wow. I like that. She had to change your heart. Whatever that means. Well, maybe she found the Lord. Maybe she decided oh God. That ain't in his business. 26 past new to QM only 24 minutes away from the big Marlin game. How are we doing on a pool? We're going to make our 1100 or one. We've got a 1,000 80. We need 20 votes and 24 minutes. Should be a shoe and wouldn't you think? Sure. Oh yeah. Should be a shoe and yeah. Sure. Hey guys. Dancing will lines would like to remind you when it comes to enjoying wine. Just be yourself. Don't be that guy. This week's nominee is the guy who still lives for toga parties. Lons to double fist the wine and do shots of merlow. Yeah, you know what we're talking about. Don't be that guy. Dancing will invite you to try some award winning wines that are always priced right. Dancing goes wine makers take wine seriously, so you don't have to. Dancing will wines. Heelsburg, California. Now see here. Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Oh, hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Are you sure? Are you sure? Uh-huh! Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh oh, oh, yeah. Isn't it slippery like that? Isn't it'm all right? Okay, 12.33, holy, 17 minutes wait for the big Marlins baseball game. ŕwah, ah y方面 wa л, oh yeah, it's gonna be really Nice. Tenity and a pool, that's not so nice. it only 17 minutes. I don't know. We've got a pressure, huh? What do you think? And then on the list, congested. Why is it that it seems like every day at this time about 1235, there are boats, we get like the big freeze on, maybe everybody's eating lunch. You think that could be an agent that's there? Well, I don't know. I think Eric has dived with us again. Just like happy to a couple days ago. Like on Sunday, remember a couple days ago? Yeah. I'm trying to forget it. 188, which is not a bad total, but if we're going to get to 1100, they got to stir it. There's something that's to add to it. You know what I mean? We need 12 more votes, 12 more votes, and then they happen. Kind of, it's bad. I got a really good idea for the back timing for the ball games matter, fact. What is that? Oh yeah. What do you think? You don't want them to wait for the ball in the fall asleep? You're going to start them off now. What do you mean by that? It's just so tranquil and plocated. It's like slipping my mouth. I was bad. Before the show today, you were like, I didn't say that was a bad thing. You were having a dance in your pants. You were going nuts. That's a great song, but it's a great song. Yeah. And so the highest end of the clock is going to put you in a coma. So it's like it's a 30-year-old puppy song. Well, it's relaxing. And maybe you're going like you said, maybe you'll not off before that ball game starts. You're like a pubic service on our part. Well, I think we're back on the Mr. Freeze again. I think Mr. Freeze is involved. Now, who was the Vincent Price was Mr. Still 10808 Eric that you know, Dan Well, somebody's trying to put in our pool, huh? Vincent Price was I kid. No punches, Pood. Was it Milton Merle was Mr. Freeze? Oh boy. I don't know. I don't know. You better go with the other go with Batman. Oh, 189. Maybe they're just trickling in right now. Okay. Maybe because we're approaching the Marlon game, maybe just maybe because they've been coming in a nice chance here today all along. We've had a nice response, baby. We've had a super response. Another we're getting closer to that baseball game. It's just like I was saying before, you know, it's like a disease. It's like periconitis or something like that. Well, periconitis isn't it's a condition. It's not a disease. Is it? I don't know. How about um, I don't know. I don't know what that stuff is. Once you get stuck into the kishki's man, I get lost. There's just too many of those things. That's because the Lord works in mysterious ways. He likes he likes to twist your kishki's. That's why everything is a sin. All those Oten 90 now, man. We got 15 minutes for 10 votes. If we can't do that, we might as well shut this baby down. At 1250. Otto, premonger? Otto, premonger one. Mr. Freeze. That's correct. Absolutely correct. The great direct. That's so good. That's why we're so amusing. Because it would have been like having Alfred Hitchcock or something like that play a role on better. That man was great, man. Well, what are they show that? I like Nickelodeon. They still show that. I know here at Summers one channel. I figure which one it is, but it's on all the time every day. You know, the kids don't know that Otto premonger is these stereotypes. I've directed that they always make fun of in the cartoons with the Puppy pants and the beret and the boots and the same. I need to on a pool, man. No punches, poed. 1092. We need a bowl of oats. So anyway, what I was going to say since chicken neck is the one I could. Did he tell you where he found this where he was able to get it? Probably in his closet. Oh, no, nothing in his closet. You want a bet? Really? Is he got skeletons in the closet? Kind of skeleton. This has got a whole graveyard in there. He's got a kid. I know that. He's his right. He's got? Yes. Very nice kid. How old is he? I don't know. 40. Oh, tool. 30 something. Yeah, you would not maybe. He wouldn't like it anyway. If he had like a 20 year old son, he'd send him up here. Just his, you know, a spank of gratitude or something like that. I had token. Right. And the appreciation. Right. I thought it would be something that would be very nice. You know, keep me company. Your buddy here, Chris is already not the one sitting there, but they online are our Phantom kind of buddy. He's already hinting around, you know, when he's going to get the plane ticket. See, the only problem with this, I might fly him up here and turn out to be a 60 year old man. That would be my luck. Because I've been reading more different stories. The way I'd Jesse down on my spaces is a good guy and have been emailing with him. He's, uh, he's buy. It's awful lot of buy people out there. And I'm saying, I do know that. In fact, that seems to be very big on my space. It's a buy buy buy. But anyway, he was telling me about all the phony's and fakeers that he's met and people represent themselves as being one thing. You know, they're like 25 and then you meet even they're like 45, you know. And they send you pictures that are like from 10 to 20 years ago. I think what would really be need. Now I did, I didn't have a guy way back in the beginning who is trying to set up a thing where they verify the identity of the person before they could communicate with you. Which I think that's a good idea because even though a lot of the people in the audience who all the readers talking about that my space aggregate is for teenagers and pedophiles it could be a really fun thing. It already is to a certain degree. But it could be a lot more so if you knew who you were talking to. With which in my case, I have out of 281 people. We have 281 friends. Our goal by the end of the week is to get to 1,300. When that be a nice number, would be really lucky. Hmm. But my point being that if if you knew for sure who you were talking to, it would be a much more fun. Am I right? There's a question. As opposed to the game players and people put the full files up and to pick you up people like that. Who is still by the way all over my space page. I do the tracking on it and he's still all over it. And of course I guess since 1094 we're kind of stuck on that maybe we need they're going to make this exciting. We have 11 minutes and we need six more votes now. Anybody would think G6 votes in 11 minutes. That's like one every two minutes almost right? So anyway the song that I really want which is even better. I know you find it hard to believe. It could be in word love by the It could be word love by the crime chains. If if chicken I can find that I'll give my kiss on his vault spot if I ever see him again Which I doubt I'll send them one I'll give them a cyber kiss on the balls find It could be word love by the crime chains now since you've got all this way of stealing. I mean finding material Yeah, why is it marked that down? I give it a shot. That is a great song. I'm time man That's back in my DJ days. I was this jockey. I was program director and I was general manager WWS and Kalamazoo Michigan man Ported Michigan Kalamazoo no longer there that station it became WBUK country something and who knows what it is now See that's one thing if you work in this business long enough you work on a lot of stations that no longer exist and the way this one's going right now Joe Right good old jolly Joe That's him. Thanks for all your assistance by the way. Joe your as a swallow 1240 241 just 10 minutes away from the morning game. Let me click on our pool again here. It's not that great of a pool It's okay come see come saw So so 1099 you better five years now if you haven't It's important to you Rogers God Oh, they don't make break enough cards Be a chill though be sick Yeah, this has been fire you fire Oh That's what I call a bad Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey look. I've got to know who knows what that means. He lost his jellos in the phone He's just gonna rest it. We lost our mode. I think I'm going to fix you fire. I've got one going I saw this truck guys throw up and then I'm pigeon ate it. He's not cut. He cheated on me I got you don't she don't mean broke by heart you broke your penis. I paid by that with just not the wet by You know it's interesting. I just got a semi hysterical email on my face from your friend Christopher, you know And you know if the shoe fits weird I don't know what the least talking about I think he's not for real and I still want his I don't want to talk about What I was referring to in general terms not to you Chris you lunatic Is you know it just be nice if everybody you encountered on there you knew for sure who they were that's all Is there any debate about that? No, don't you think that virtually everybody who's ever been on any one of those whether it's Facebook or Facebook or my space or your space or our place or Whatever would agree. Yeah, now let's see. I'm trying to do this. Oh Yeah, better Better not see what all I want Time is right Well, I had but I just make them the world. That's okay. That's your fades Give us a little cushion this time a cushion to sit here back home on Yeah no Last You make it so You're still Let's go Let me tell you now Let me tell you now When I go home, feel the fire of the wind I feel the wind, feel the wind I feel the wind I feel the wave from the sky And all the friends we're all around Feel the wave from the sky I feel the wind I feel the wind