And... Stench of cow manure Hover's over this performance by the dolphin. That's saloon. After not warm-up Stay away from me After not warm-up No stopping, please So come here back in on my car door You can have him you knew me But she will travel night to attack you And where is that person? She don't stop to poo Crazy woman Stay away That's your not warm-up What will your kids say? Hey Yeah, we don't hear anything more about her And that's probably just as well Although I'd rather hear about her than And than the cool to be honest We have the weather or anything Than more about end of the cool And judge Silent And but it would be stupid to be poo poo But I'm not all my god Woo! I close personal friend Tammy Faye was right When she said I didn't ask you sick and you stopped at me Good, golly Miss Molly Oh, there we go with that little Richard stuff again How old did I say was he 74 years old? Or over Richard The clock a day over 60 Well there you go A lot of makeup, a lot of payday makeup Oh yeah Works like a church Perfect What's his name? I mean the other guy co-spot From fish and pasta Like don't tell me his name I can never think of his name He's James Arnesis brother Peter Graves Yes very good Hey I'm sharp Listen you are out doing your adducent tracing Crack throw their own Chris Chris was peeing on my likes or how One and a change Underwear four times then I'm not even all I'm more at his underwear He's terrified of you Who is? What is? He's terrified of me Huh? What does that mean? He's like like white face like a sheet like a ghost Yeah, so what's new with that? Oh nothing Anybody as fat as he is Is there gonna be a pasty face? You don't see a lot of fat people with really good compilitions do you know they're usually red face because they're like He even all the time Yeah, but he's white face now because the blood is Whatever that's right Pale Nobody would say that boy. He was kissing up this morning like god oh god We should do that whole thing on here especially since this Thursday March one is my 31st anniversary on a year in South Florida Wow, what an accomplishment one achievement I'm actually just gonna be headline news and all the newspapers not And I bet you they might even have the phone first by Thursday, but I doubt it doesn't look too promising does it? Yeah, not really I don't know at this point well there's some kind of an internet issue there that has to do with my ability to take the phone I mean we can take phone calls there you can punch him up like we did that one Boso yesterday, but so it's a good thing I got plenty of practice Just the amoring for four hours Pop pop pop pop pop. In fact, you know something that would be a good thing to play For four hours until they get to think fix or we can always do this one I think we've got a little bit more flavor to it Yeah, we can do that every day until they fix the phone because it obviously hasn't been a high priority But Steph is working on and he's the one in genie. We got the building who's got any kind of a clue about You know what I saw about or the fact that we even on the year he cares He does carry here's about to send his very best just like hallmark I'm gonna go to work for hallmark. I'm gonna start sending out writing greeting cards because I send I Right such great flowery emotional stuff, you know, yeah, mushy. I'd be good at that working for hallmark What we need is somebody to write accurate cards because I can never find something for mother's day or Valentine's day I swear I hate you the content that you have for these women more or the ambivalence, you know like hey Here's a card it's more than you deserve a card bitch. How that be for nice. So we nice cover pay out here's a card bitch Here's what you want me to do then you're doing something with a little don't shine a nice guy So you get a card, you know not because you deserve it but because of nice so I'm gonna Chris is the showsman on fire less cover ways and even he and Jeff Curtis were a comedy Of course, Josh is sucking up because I got him that flavor wave oven 100 bucks out of my own pocket. That's because I'm a wonderful guy See you guys supposed to say that but like nobody else is gonna say it's a law say it Wonderful guy. I'm generous. I'm loving them kind. I'm decent. I'm human. I'm all these things and of course One of the things that management has never understood any station I've ever worked at since I've been doing talk radio for last hundred years Was that your ability to do a show to do a really good show? Is Connected is directly linked to your psychological frame of mind right? So last couple of weeks Chris is the show has been on fire. It's been great and that's because I'm in a great frame of mind I'm happy camper. I really am now what you said Chris when you were kissing my ass when Jordan was out there on a crap or yes And even Josh Curtis said that I'm surprised that he listens back there. Well, I love you Why you know he loves you? Yeah, I heard with headphones So you know that he distracted. I'm telling you he got too much gambling talk. I don't know just as with hang for to five and then the Humper solo five is Six thirty because we got panther preview at six thirty and the panther is who are not gonna make the playoffs again for the farm with you in a row at the Washington crampittals at seven o'clock tonight Speak it at that We got oh wait we got all kinds of stuff all another it kind of show up again in the building. We see like yeah In the past story he is there this morning sure So they get a call around the square table and don't don't get me started about the different segments because you were telling me the other day that the morning shows now Because because I'm an old-futty daddy. I'm out of the loop And what do I know about radio anyway right but that's a new Deal with most of them morning shows like the FM morning shows is they all have to have prefabricated segments You know like yeah 7 10 and 7 15 we do this thing every day and then yeah What's to me is just I just has to be something that you can you know promote ahead of time like coming up at blah blah Yeah, the blah blah blah blah blah Buy or not buy the feature the segment and it's got to have a name hooker or not hooker Right hooker or not hooky stuff. Yeah, yes So I went to score table I got this guy. I'm pretty sure his name was Russ because you know until you get in there I'm sitting here tripping my thumbs and enjoying Enjoy Wanting to kill myself. Why do you say enjoying that show? Why do you say that huh? They that that game are not gafing. I mean You should be able to weigh in on that. Yeah. I could lay in on that I'd like to lay in the nation have a permanent seat at the all table Well, I'm saying to a segment called black or not black or Jew or not great idea And you can have talk about people in the rock open morning. Yeah, black and white and dual what is she my favorite? Yeah, right feel hungry did it already but hey So anyway we get to the square table And here's one of the contestants on the phone and they the one of the questions one of the 85 questions besides who's got the best Asked and who's got the longest or whatever The question was if you had a chance to meet an any president living or dead who would it be? So immediately came to my mind was FDR Roosevelt. I would think you know that would be really Although I would want to inhale all the cigarettes smoke in them You see all those pictures of him with the cigarette holder sure Look at like the penguin To the Russian still do that. Oh, there's the phone it must be that a bold tiny thing like You know from the 20s or whatever yeah cigarette holder, but nobody does it anymore Yeah, I don't know what the Russians they I know they hold their cigarettes backwards Now what was the purpose of that was that supposed to be like an extra filter? So you think it is big of a two-year-longs. What was the deal with that? Well in those days if I'm not mistaken They didn't have filters Oh, we need to keep the tobacco from coming you know from getting in your move from getting all She must say you put a hold on there, so you weren't to spit into back-o-out tobacco pieces. Oh, and that's classy So anyway, after I would have been my choice because I thought he was really fascinating I'm you know all the presidents. I would have liked to admit him. So anybody this guy He answers the question by saying jury Ford and I'm thinking to myself. I mean Of all the dumb president aside from the current one of course is different than a box of sodas, but aside from him The dumbest man on the face of the year and he may be the dumbest person ever to go into the White House up till a present Tenant, well, maybe jury didn't want to ask him any questions. Maybe just wanted to talk And he goes out about the reason being that well, you know, we just died and you got a bun wrapped during his life in a gross can he's agreeing with this because Kenny will agree with anything The caller say no matter how outrageous and ridiculous and bigoted and nasty and stupid it might be especially if it has to do with sports And the caller's going on about well, you know, he was a great athlete that Michigan and Baba ba ba ba Yeah, he was never than he was in Congress for 25 years from Michigan see it's easy for people who don't know their history or didn't live through it like I did to talk about jury Ford and how brilliant he or how much they'd like to meet him not brilliant They just want to meet him every other would be like meeting a brick wall, you know Like talking to a fire hydrant Like squatting on it. I mean, what is that jury Ford and then of course the host weigh in about well, you know and and Kimba Kimba Of course being the extrafity is oh, yeah, he was all America. He was that that's why I'd like to meet him because he wants wore a jockstrat The sports for attorney are a bunch of lunatics and we're like drowning in the middle of it We're like drowning in a sea of sports manure You know what I'm saying sports my new share and sports manure oh My god, it just it drives me up the wall I mean can you imagine anybody wanting to meet you before? I'll I guess he might still be at least a little bit warm not too much for me Little what put him in the microwave yeah 787 I'm today's pool. That's good all always pretty a lot cited. There's that lot cited pretty a one sided Well, we'll get to that momentarily Got the schedule all under way we got everything cooking except that end phones man And now what about your thing you can't even punch up a dial tone yet? We'll fix it for the break. Yeah, you smack it a little bit during the week I'll ride you On the next 24 jackbower takes a much needed rest after saving the world all I himself have very stick and week But who will protect it's from the danger of cartoons? Why it's none other than the mayor of Boston and sell Tell me no, it all started boss to black in I were on the trailer alien or tools I think this is an actual alien footprint. Why I know it they gave here to terrorize my city We are moon and nights from the inner core of the moon you're not gonna terrorize my city You're moody honey moody or whatever you are I am a knick knick knick Got you like you walk the mind a much older yeah, I'd personally never understood such thing You will be destroyed. I'll do thing I know that You're going down explosion will be a extraordinary magnitude Erie god was you made my paranoia cost a city of Boston millions of dollars and just as well prevail on the moon Nerds get their peaceful down and they are spanked with moorots Hey, that guy over there. Oh, leader you tell me I am Audi 5000 Okay, 10 18 at 5 16 WQ AM so I'm on a great mood everything is wonderful Chris and Josh is saying the show is smoking likely and we're kicking ass and but a beat But it will put up and that in 40 cents of getting about a third of a cup of coffee Because the phone doesn't work and we've only got three dropouts on the internet streaming so far it's 10 18 that's not too bad. I guess Not at all for us. Oh, don't tell me reading how is again? Yeah, just finished not group or fingers Groper fingers no I had a maybe a little bit of this time I have been on it would like to have groper fingers You know me every once in a while I told you like that there was seeing you I thought you had a bit of them Weats back in group. Oh, that's bad. As I get older. I'm starting to have more thoughts like that In fact, I can't try to think where I was the other day Maybe it was at the airport And I actually I'm not saying I came close to doing something like that, but in other words the thought was more Real in my mind. You don't say I mean What one of these days they're gonna take my ass away is what I'm trying to tell you because it's just not good Just because you see somebody it looks really really Good. Yeah, it was at the airport And I swear to you man. I just want to reach out and like the phone says reach out and touch someone But anyway Because when I first came up here I started to do this some sensational cigar shots around of course He was by the Cuban the real Cuban cigars whatever you want Because they're not like all uptight like America about anything from Cuba. Oh, it's Cuba Cuba. Oh, I grabbed it not all uptight about anything But at any rate, so that was and then I realized that it was making my Blood pressure go up and my throat just tears up my throat and you know how the two minor strokes that I had I don't want my friend Derek to feel bad about this, but both both those strokes came about after smoking You know, I told you one time used to bring me those tens of those little cigarettes I mean cigars that are like the black cigarettes, but they're like an attend what do they call that brand? I forget the brand of they're really good too with And they're kind of like that. Oh, yeah, but anyway, and then both of my TIAs came on the heels of smoking a bunch of those. It's a track. Don't feel bad about Derek. Okay. I'm not I'm no no fat rich Meal 31. I should have that should have been right up there with sex. How about a great meal? And then some sex and then some more meals and then maybe a little more sex about a while you're having sex Yeah, like I said on your last day might as well. I mean no sense holding anything back For like the future 833 votes on the full. I won't vote vote. This is this could be one of the most Lopsided polls we ever had in our lives. Oh, there's a swearing ceremony for Johnny Gropani There's condemn Lisa voice. He makes me I see that gap in her teeth and I look at her I just want to scream Anyway, I won't vote for presidential candidate who is a member of the Bush family 571 almost 70 percent So there you go, Jeffster. You fat ass ex governor Jackass In fact, I like our new gay governor even better than of course I'd like anybody better than fat as Jeff Remember the Bush family 577. I have no prejudices against anybody run 74 right See that's our audience man totally unfragittest we believe you not a black 28 That's good for Barack Obama. Oh no wait a minute. I won't vote. That's not good a black 28 Well that's only 3% It Republicans 25 I hate this pool 25 only 2.9% so good full And by the way Charlie be thank you for setting another 400 polls last couple days He's a busy beaver man. He's out of control with the poll a Jew 24 like do-lea ribbon no chance fair a woman 22 gay 19 Mormon 17 or B9. No fat more no more fat presidents Like the kid in England that they keep showing on the news away 7,000 pounds and the keep showing them shoveling that fried chicken down his mouth Oh Oh, Beast nine his fanicaling nine and atheist six a smoker five a past drug user three and physically disabled none So after your feels pretty good about that David's a bitch Who's a girl How many here much that vote intelligence where St rook by a new touch Long Set心 March 546 and 560. WQM. So it is PF chains. So Brandon tells me, thanks Brandon and cut the crap. But anyway, it's PF chains. It's right there at the main entrance to the gallery. Right now, capital gills on one side of the entrance door. And on the other side of the PF chains, a huge place it looks really into the gallery. Right now, capital gills on one side of the entrance door. And on the other side of the PF chains, a huge place it looks really interesting. You know? I, well, maybe somebody will tell me about it if it's a really good place to be a heard of it. And it goes to show you what tremendous memory I've got even in my advanced age. It's already Tuesday. And I stood there and saw it on Saturday. So I'll see Sunday, Monday, Monday is later. And he still remembers. I feel like a good day. Why? What? What? You know what I'm saying? The end of a heard of it. Oh yeah, I heard of it. And? And nothing. Well, I'm sure we'll get many, many calls about PF chains. Tell us what a wonderful place. I love Chinese. I don't know about you. It is a good place. Yeah. Well, you haven't been, is it a chain, I guess? Yes. Now where is there one by you? Because you obviously have not been there. There's water in the forest. There's water in the forest. On the falls. It's also one in Vegas. There's a PF chains in Vegas. Why not go to Vegas? See a lunch. And what? In the Aladdin. On the Aladdin. Oh, the new Aladdin. As a part of the old Aladdin that they tore down. The old Aladdin was one of the dumpiest places. That's why they tore down. She's one thing about Vegas, man. When your place gets to be a dumpy, front-be place. They just blow it up and they tear down the building new one. Let's see. Breaking Miami come for the sun, get beat down by police. Oh, look at this. Oh, it's the strum. Oh, for Miami nights.com on the Mime nights blog yesterday. Somebody facts this in. Wow. It says we've got plenty of reasons to visit Miami. The sunshine, the beaches, the more. What is that? The Mojito's? Mojito's. It's not. But it's not spelled right. That's not how you would pronounce it. It says, oh, J.O.I.T.O.S. There's an extra. Oh, there's an extra. Oh, and there I think. The Mojito's, the bikinis are like they're of. Harry Euros and Speedos. Ooh. Harry Euros. I'm not into Harry people. I'm sorry. I'm going to Harry guys out there. You're safe. Not in the Harry. And the list goes on and on. But there's one thing that makes Miami stand out. And the one thing that all Miami residents know makes is, No more on on this great country. Our raging corrupt Miami police department it says. With the other page here. With great pride, Miamians brave the means streets of this great city. No, each day they could get shot by a cop and have a gun tender at their corpse. A rest of it at a red light have a dirty cop find a bag of coconut pockets or just plain, just plain old, just plain old, beat this shit out of you for taking pictures. And that's what happened to Miami photographer, raging Miami last week while photographing MPD on this game Boulevard. It says, I ended up spending 16 hours in the day County J.O.I. Red and Fested Institute, and it is more like. Abu Gaur, raped and American grade. If you've ever spent any time in DC, jail, you know that it's hell on earth. Abu Gaur, red seems like a very reasonable parallel to compare it to. I spent 10 plus hours in DC jail last year and believe you me, never want to be in that disease and Fested Crackhouse ever it says. That was the least of red, red, what is it, red getting in Miami's worries though? As the story goes, he approached five Miami police officers that were surrounding a loan man on this game. The officers told him to keep walking as this was a private matter. As any good American with a camera knows, when an officer tells you it's a private matter on a public street, you know, damn well they're going to do something wrong. When raging in Miami refused to keep walking, stating he was on a public street and well within his first amendment rights, the five officers surrounded him and beat the beat down for soup. Like a pent up of the body, he came beating the LA in LA. The innocent photographer was slammed against the pavement, even though I offered no resistance, causing me a deep abrasion in my right knee. One officer grabbed me by the back of the head, repeatedly batched my forehead against the side. While causing abrasion and sweating, the right side of my forehead. Another officer grabbed my right hand and bent it back with a 90-degree angle causing me to scream out in pain and continuing to do so even after the handcuffs were placed on me, is I verbally protested, one officer threatened me with the tays are going to fight in stock talking. Ciao! Well, it's a familiar man. It says anyone remember the FTAA protest in 03? We certainly do it, as I do, I was there. I remember vividly a woman in a business suit standing in the road with a single sign in her hand, and the cops unloading was must have been 50 plus painful with tear gas and watching her crumbled in the floor and agony in screams. I didn't even see it. Or that same day, cameraman Carl Kessor being shot on the face with a bean bag while filming my meddate police attacking a protest. So it's no surprise that ranging in Miami, raging or whatever his name was, was brutalized by our fire and the uniform crossed out of any rights corrupt men in blue. I'm hoping this happens to be our site photographer James Sanders, what a break for Miami and I say would be. I can imagine the headline, local website, Miami nights photographer brutally beaten by men with police for snapping pictures. But all drop in the side, it says this is not something new in Miami. Police abused a power here on a regular basis with no checks inside. Maybe it's because the citizenry doesn't stand up and protest the broad powers, our city officials give these pigs. We need more examples of police brutality. Before we demand to be held accountable to the same laws that we abide by, the MPD, Miami Police Department is but on far too long leash for far too many years it says. It's high time we shortened it, or minded them that they serve us, not their self-interest and lust for power. We'll keep you updated as the story progresses as this is a blog, MiamiNightS.com. How do you like that? I can't believe that. Can you in Miami? I've got police doing all that hanky spanky. I can't even believe it. But anyway, far for the course. And you think the public's gonna rise up and protest? Right, sure they are. Here's the poll. It says I won't vote for presidential candidate who is, we got 918 votes. There's Rob Marciana looking pretty good. I'll take some clothes off for, let's see what you got. Take your jacket and shirt off anyway. Wouldn't that be good? Or take your jacket and other people? Just watch it. You're gonna start with Ed like the morning show, kind of filth now that you're gonna do, huh? No, with Ed like that. I know what it is. I know what it's big and bold and clear. What is? Rob Marciana? Yeah. Yeah. Did you say it's big and bold and clear? Is that what you said? Yeah. That's it, you won't. 920 votes. I won't vote for a presidential candidate who is. I remember the Bush family's got 60s, a 2-thirds, 650 votes. So, if Jeff Stur, this crowd says, bye bye, no chance. Like John McClackman, I'm a McClackman report. Bye bye. I got to play that. I got to play that again. I might just have to do it. Won't vote for a presidential candidate. Well, here's one. Since I have no prejudice against anyone who runs 77, well thank God for all you open minded people out there. We just love you even the most of your liars. There might be a few. A Republican 40, a black 30-to-be. A black 32. I hate this pool 27. I mean, I doesn't have to be a real black or can it be like a make believe black like a Barack Obama like a dollar black. They don't make the distinction. Oh. I hate this pool 27 only 2.9%. Won't vote for a candidate who is a woman 27. Bad news for you, swillery. A Jew 26. Gay 21. That's what you never know. A woman 19 and Hispanic 11. Oh, be 9. No fat president. We want him to be good athletes like Jerry Ford. I still can't get over these stupidity of the job crowd. I mean, well, I mean, what would you expect them to be intelligent? Thoughtful, insightful, more on as most of them. I mean, I would like to be Jerry Ford because he was a given a bummer app and he was a great, all American athlete at Michigan. Dumbers than a toad. Anyway, Hispanic 11.0.B.9. Atheist A. God forbid. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. Like anybody knew? A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. C.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. A.S. Any questions? Yeah, you got to hide your order away Yeah, you got to hide your order away Now we'll slice and add these glasses that's great, they will buy men who pull up all the men It's a sport for us to say goodbye and yeah, yeah Now we'll see a gusts for both wheels, having fun with the boys In the north, the room I hear, boring boy, boring boy, boring boy You're a good guy, you're a good boy You're a good guy, you're a good boy When you know what they say, it's all those gay sports writers, other ones that made a big story about that Seriously, if you want to hear some of the most stupid commentary in the history of mankind, it's the Kenny and Bow Morning Show The morning, seven to ten exclusively on QA, you're going to head that to a man, they come up with similar most bizarre crafts So I'm going to get back to this story at IOD, since this is this big, you know, I mean, to me it is the audiences never really thought that these adversaries were big deal, you know To me it is, it's like you say when you hear the audio from a city pulse news on coming through and you know I'm here every morning That then stuff is a miracle, yeah All right, this is not a reality, it's a reality, super-humanity, super-humanity Oh, right, this is a reality, super-humanity, super-humanity So anyway, see you in my birthday, this is remember a fifth by the way, for those who want to send cash gifts It was either birthday or an anniversary show on IOD You guys get this done of them all the time. All the time. And it's always tacky. It's always tasteless. And this was one of the all time worst ever. So what do they do? Who was it with behind that? Do you remember? I want to say it was Steve Nichol. Oh, brother. So they hire a male stripper, a young guy to come in. No. Was it a young guy? Who wasn't? It looked like Alan Arkin or maybe his dad. No, no. It was a young guy. A bad looking young guy. But here in nasty looking. I wouldn't have done him with your tone. No, by Ann. Yeah, Harry. Did you mention ours? Elbows. I would have touched him with a ten foot pull with a baseball bat. I would have touched with a baseball bat whoever was behind it. Yeah. And so they bring a man and a play in the music. And it's one of these. Oh, he was one of these. By the way, they made me play the music. I didn't want to. What was the music? They made me play some danceable music. They gave me a carton said here play this play. He comes in and I'm sitting there. I kept a audience in my chair behind a microphone. And now he's dancing. Of course he's dressed like an almost naked in like a bikini or whatever. And I was a speedo. Well, whatever he was wearing. Oh, and I mean, such a he may run Jeremy look like Brady Quinn. Okay, that's how nasty looking this creature was. I mean, at least if he'd been good looking, it would have been a little bit erotic pleasure. There's something, you know. But oh my god. And my face must have turned his red as Joe Bell's ass. I mean, just like Sandy Claus. Yeah, yeah. Oh, goodness. And then at that. And we're embarrassing. It's humiliating. Don't do that to people. And you know, it's when you do something like his a gift or somebody is supposed to be something nice, something they'll enjoy. Right. There you go. And that's the music. Right. Something like that. Something all of these. Oh. I was ready to change my name to mortar-kai because it sounds like mortified. And then because that's what I was. I was so mortified. I want to crawl onto the desk and just hide. And you've got there's nothing you can do. There's nowhere to go. And he smelled bad. You know, he left me. Oh, he had the worst be-oh, you know, oh, man. All these people were in the control room. Yeah. And they were watching. Oh, wow. And I'm looking at you and I'm thinking, making nasty, apesa crafter. I'm thinking, are they seeing the same thing that I'm seeing? The guy is obviously gross. And he was obviously embarrassed and disgusted and wishes he weren't here right now. And everybody in the control room. I will say this if he didn't really hot-looking. I might have surprised the hell out of them. You don't say I might have taught them a lesson they would never forget. Yeah. He'd been in fact if he'd been like, you know, my friend from Berlin from my summer from the World Cup week, I would have done him right there in the studio. And then they would fear me. You know what I'm saying? Oh, my God, what's going on in there? I don't know. I'll be able to add a hit that next break. What is it? I would have left. You would have left one if I. Oh, yeah. Well, what do you think they would have all done? That's good because we will run it a bit alone anyway. See that? That's my idea of a pleasant surprise. I would have drawn the blinds and got in the hell out of them. Although it's kind of hard to talk with. Well, let's be side-of-point. Right. But anyway. I didn't say that. When you stop, what? Jesus Christ. You have lunch there too. Yeah, that's true. Anyway, Brandon sends me the PF tanks. Many of it looks really, really good. 950 votes. I guess for one of my special lunches, that's going to have to be as fresh as some of us already know. How to get there? We've got pretty good practice. It's like you walk with just a few feet on the other side of the entrance. Look pretty good, PF tanks in the menu looks really excellent. Maybe somebody who wants to eat there will send us a little something. Or call in, do we get any calls? Nope. No. I can't take any because, and let's see, how many? I only got 26 dropouts. I mean, we only had one more in the last 40 minutes or whatever it's been. How to eat. And there's George just showing you. We can still touch it for caller to dinner. Anybody ever ate that PF tanks in the Galeria? Give us a little bit of report. Would you please? I haven't even gotten into my poll, into my pile. Yeah. And somebody's loving away. That's a good sign. Because on the week when you're supposed to have your anniversary show, at least they're not going to be all goosey about it. 31st anniversary, what kind of number is that? And you know, what's the big deal? You want us to get all excited about that? Yeah. Call us back when it gets to me 40 and then maybe we'll do some for you. Let's see, 40 would be nine more years. Oh, can you imagine me doing this until I was like 73? Sure. Hey, we have a call. Go take it on learning. Nine. I was so careful. Yeah, the little like I said, you said, like, nine. I was just about to say, we don't do that. There's a little one who was going to be. Well, just touch them up at way. The two of them. Hello? Yes. I just want to ask you a little bit of something in your. Just for what? I was never seeing you up. Favorite thing in Europe? All the favorite thing in Europe. That was last summer was the favorite thing. But anyway, what do you mean by favorite favorite? Favorite city? Oh, city. My favorite city is Berlin. Berlin also. I would ask you there last year for the World Cup show. And? And what is it? Well, good. I bet you didn't have as good a time as I did, though. No, I did it. But I love to play. I really, really hot. OK. Thanks. Thank you. Well, see, she was very nice. I was all her phone. She needed some real helpful that phone. It was just me or not. No, it was a bad phone, but we'll tell you. Sound like that phone was in the bottom of a tank. I thought she said, what's your favorite thing in Berlin? I couldn't say it on the air, but it had something to do with last summer, though. OK. For the. Oh. Now, there's a story I'm not going to tell on the air, but nevertheless, woo. See, you've got me started with that. With the whole thing about the birthday. No, you just, you shouldn't do that. I mean, guys do that with other guys. They bring strippers in and they embarrass the hot. I'm going to strippers get like almost naked. And they're doing like a lap dance and a hold-in. You know, the guy is like, oh, it's easy. I don't want an audience for this. And especially with this nasty smelly bitch, you know? I mean, is it ever anybody really attractive? Is it anybody hot that ever shows up at these things? I kind of doubt it. I'm trying to think. I can't think. But you sound like much, you know. I can't recall ever being somewhere where somebody sent somebody as strippers. She was actually good looking. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I think it's hard to think. Yeah. I do see. Yeah. See, see, see, see, see your 960 votes on the full by the bottom of the hour. We're going to be right on the verge of a thousand. Chris is right, man. We are kicking some big fat smelly ass for quite a while now. That's because because I'm in a very chipper mood, life is certainly treated me well of late. And for a long time, it's a matter of fact. With your sift of that one experience that that we live through. Now, you were telling me this morning about that day. I don't want to rehash it again. The day that I was so emotionally distraught that I came in in a morning and like, told you, you're going to have to work today. That was very sad. Yeah, was sad on this. It was true. It was, I had that new disease called Jacobitis. I was like, a mental, a heart and a vertebra mental breakdown. And it looks out there on my patty when I thought, what would be so easy to kind of slide out there. You know, I'm put one leg over the balcony. Yeah. I know. I'm called so stupid on the way down. Yeah. See, that's one thing about that form of suicide. It's not really too good because you get halfway down. You think, oh, man, that's my mind. You know, if you're going to do it, not a good idea. I'm not suggesting anybody out there blow their brains out. Unless they're in politics. But nevertheless, that's a good way. And like poison is not good. You know, people take like arsenic without the release. Yeah. I'm a hanging thing. I don't know how you guys do that. Well, what was that movie? Wasn't that an American, no, what was I can't think of the name of that movie for Cry Now Love? Describe it. How the hum a few bars? No, no, the one we were talking about the other day would James Van D'Aren't a big O. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. James name. I love that movie. Yeah. Oh, come on. I do. Yeah. It'll come to me. It's got a pretty unusual name. But anyway, didn't he try to hang himself in there. And then, of course, all these teenage movies, they try to hang themselves in there. And the thing comes to flop and out of the ceiling and he falls on his ass. It's at around a higher, like that. Right. What was it, even that flick? Come on. And I got to have to go in the other room and check it out during the break. That would be bad. Chris is Google yet. Or James Van D'Aren't geek was in it. And or nearly I cannot stand him. There's just something about him that really bugs me. He's one of those actors. Oh, what was that show he was on on TV? Dawson's Creek Dawson's Creek. I never really, really, really did. I got a cricket minek when I tried to watch that. And I turned it off right away. I started getting a creek. I watched him at least lose the Montreal. I was not a, not a pleasant experience. What is it, cruel? What's the angle of the attraction? Yes. Yeah. That's it. What's the point, baby? I'm right off, little boy. She's the sprite as I'm talking to she. That's what they say. So cruel, I'm so happy. You tell you that you're living into water to wine. Jump on over, catch them and heal the plant. Make more those who fishes weather on and left. I mean, things all mirror the global spectrum. She meets the sprite as I'm talking to she. That's what they say, Tom Cruise will be. She meets the sprite as I'm talking to she. I give yourself a mission impossible free. She meets the sprite as I'm talking to she. Now, we're getting over finally. Tom Cruise, you see the sprite. Say hello. It doesn't sound right. You smell, you see the sprite. It's a sight. I think a lot of people ought to pause you to the entire Christ family when you come right down with 984 votes on a poll. What did I tell you by the bottom of the R1000 votes? Wow. Wow. And Earl, thank you so much. See, asking you, shall we see you? You know I can't take any calls. Can't put your no calls on here. I can't see the phone board. I would like not connected. I would like to bring in a few care if you're in trouble. All right. Listen, I haven't even began delving into my poll. I got a Keith Obermann-Riffs-Connellies story. I got the angry conveys removed in sex phase. I got to think that Norma Kent sent me of all people about taking the debate about God online and battling in that with videos about you. Chew stuff. It's pretty interesting. Amazing enough. Earl says the Mongolian beef at P.F. Chang is the best. You know, I'm starting to get really hungry for a change right now because of this. Yeah, you got plenty of Toronto, I heard. Yes, we do. It says quality cooked steaks with scallions and garlic. I'm talking about the food, not about the people. We got plenty of that. We got 400,000 Chinese people here. You're not impressed. Oh, yeah. Oh, they're all going to jump it up. We got more. I think probably more Chinese people in my building than there are any in terror, South Florida area. That's kind of a strange thing, you know. All that crap about multi-cultural city and all other garbage. There's nothing multi-cultural about South Florida. You got a lot of coolios and anglos and dark folks. And that's it. That is it. We got Jews. Jews aren't anglos now. A lot of them. Do you say that? Just. Oh, 18 children of bombing in the soccer field in Iraq in Ramadi. Well, things are going swimming well over there. There's just thousands and thousands, maybe a million dead people. And the thing with the American public is, well, what's the real story? And the cold's body. Who's going to get control of an in the cold? And where were we going to go and who's going to dig the hole, you know? I guess it sounds to me like a lot of people dug it. MSNBC's Keith Oldman delivered one of his special comments on remarks that Secretary State Condom Lees are Weiss made during interview on Fox News Sunday, where she compared Saddam Hussein to wait off Hitler. On the Sunday morning interview show of, I'll broken record on Fox says a Keith. Dr. Weiss spoke a paragraph, which have it been included in a remedial history paper at the week of Times School of Nullation, would have gotten the writer in F, maybe an expulsion, he said. If Congress were not a revised Iraq authorization, she said, out loud with an adult president, it would be like saying that eight off Hitler was overthrown. We needed to change, then the resolution that allowed the U.S. to do that, so that we could deal with creating a stable environment in Europe after he was overthrown. Overman added the Secretary's resume reads that she has a master's degree, and a PhD in political science. The interviewer should have demanded to see them on the spot. Dr. Weiss spoke 42 words, she may have made more mistakes in those 42 words than the present in the State of the Union, rest in 2003. There is obviously no mistaken Saddam Hussein for a human being, but nor is there any mistake in for it off Hitler, or what he went on, and Volkium the German dictator who was subject to the Europe who tried to exterminate the Jews, who sought to overtake the world as not just in the poorest of taste, but it's in it's hyperbally, it insults the number of victims of the third life, but those in this country who fought and defeated it. Overman argues that you can't cherry pick life, with the life in 2007 or life in the history page marked 1945, and that right should at least learn to use the Google. Where did Google it honey? Excellent going, Keith, he's the best, and how come you people are watching in America tonight? So I'd say forget, well, I was on the phone last night getting a lecture, you know, but it would be shit, I would put it about you. I'm so sick and tired of being lectured by people that don't have any idea, I just am tired of play, better pay attention, there's going to be a test later. No. 988 votes on the pool, but we can get to it. We got eight minutes to get another 12 votes on there for, I mean, we need six votes. Eight minutes, we can't do that, we're signing off. On a 26 drop-out on the screaming, screaming, screaming, or here's another class about PF Changs, thank you people very much. McCallus, Jesus sweetheart, one of our regulars. Jesus is on heavy knit pee of Changs, but the one that I've been sure in North Miami Beach area, the best thing I've had is the Mongolian beef. That's what the other faction said. Also for dessert, stay away from the great wall of chocolate because it'll send you rock squatting. Oh, wow. What's he trying to say? Back to them all. I don't want to do that. The great wall of chocolate. I don't think that's right up my alley, so to speak. I don't think that's, didn't have no dessert at the capital grill, the other day. And of course, who needs dessert when you have a meal like that? Yeah, that's right. I mean, if I wait about 120 pounds, you should be very pleased tomorrow. I'm going to get to my new low because I was 1804 again today. I had split back up to 186 and then back 185 this morning, 184, and I'm going to be, because I'm going to be on my best behavior. So there's a PF Changs in heaven, sure. North Miami Beach, whatever. Well, whatever. Sounds familiar. It's pretty good. Now I'm holding a beef. I just don't have to be a Mongolian, if you're to enjoy the Mongolian beef at PF Changs. 994 and a full. By click it, you watch this Mr. Hot Shot. You'll see, like magic. I clicked it and it's 998. Sure, sure. A priest has been stripped of his clerical credentials for having an appropriate relationship with an adult female churchman. Oh, they just will come on day. A female. They hate that in the church. I know. If it would have been a male, I would have been much happy with it. A metal, a pre-veocation. The Reverend Samuel C. Pasco, a senior rector, of Grace Churches is an orange park. Well, stripped of his ministerial license by the Anglican Bishop and removed from his position as a result of a relationship so the congregation senior warden, David Nelson. I wonder if he's going to do, uh, as it was in Ricky Nelson's brother named David, right? Take your work for it. You mean it's how many that you don't know, muslin heroes? I know from Ozzie and Harry, I know what that is. I did it too soon. I never watched it. David. David. I know. I think the fourth television was invented, wasn't it? No, it was not. Ozzie and Harry, man. You better get with it. Ozzie, we don't know what he did for a work. Back in those days, the sitcoms back in the 15th century. Braddy went away the morning and went, and other than the life of Riley, I think he went and stuff like that. He worked in a factory, whatever. But other than that, we never knew what that he did for a living. What anybody did for a living. Nobody really worked. It's kind of like this audience. Nobody really worked. They show up at work and they get a paycheck. But nobody really has much work. Pascal declared a comment to the A.P. when reached by telephone at his home. A cell phone message, elected the church, was not immediately returned. Karish officials don't know the identity of the female first or when the relationship took place. Nelson told the Jacksonville's four-to-time union for days of this. Now that he tells including the extended relationship, we're not given. And where he put it and what he did with it and whatever. The congregation will be run by its two associate directors until Pasco's permanent replacement of his farm, Nelson said. It's a peaceful thing that's taken place he said. And it's difficult for a stand given the comments. He's made on issues of sexual morality. Well, not knowing whether it's good to issue or is this point in the thing that everybody else, like I've been said. About sexual morality, all that infagates about all these adulterers and all these people rotten and burn and hell. And then he's dealing with some infemail. Oh no. Not good. Thousands, seven votes, telling him in big chunks now. Chris is right, man. We're on fire. We are absolutely. F-t-e-me-ing. Don't ask anybody in the building, no, because it's not a sports show. They know nothing. They have no respect for this show. Even though Thursday, I wouldn't be surprised if a whole bunch of people inside the building come by Thursday before the show. And say, hey, happy 31st anniversary, Neil. When you be surprised, can't wait to wait for it. Maybe deaf might say it. You know, it does. You're fairies. Let's see. Here's one. Phil and Carl Springs. That's a good choice, but again, it goes back to a bush. It says, I won't vote for candidate who is unable to pronounce the word nuclear. In other words, illiterate. But, you know, if we put illiterate, well, might seven set of the bush votes away anyhow. But another place for those people to roost the member of the bush family. Give them somewhere else to go. You want to put that on their illiterate? Oh, I thought we're putting unable to pronounce the word nuclear. No. You already put that on there? Well, we're in the process. But that's not, I don't do that. Just put it illiterate. All right. You're picking on four W again just because he's illiterating a dumber when a mole on a bullet would murder. Jimmy Conna said nuclear too. Did he really? Oh, yeah. Well, not, you know, second time we're on it for many people photo for him either. Because he was against that great American stole our white wing champion of fascism and non-auticism. And religious bigotry and that's Ronnie Raygot. Well, I don't teach you to vote for somebody else. That's right. And then of course, he forgot all about it. Goodbye, and in the cold, bad pasty hoda. Tell me that you want to with you inside of me, I know the case. To know where your fat ass and the brown. Bracom. Guess you can't spend that money now. But do you sure die trying to say how's that white trash die? And that was gonna get you back to me with whiskey and a better. And I'm really surprised that you didn't have to die. Because you were that dark. You would publish nothing. And if you came up in the super star. I would have asked you to break the sweaty, but have no more. And now that what we're feeding, you have something other to pitch outside of crazy pamphler wearing after not being here. Oh, by the way, speaking of the yellow ria. So while I was waiting inside to meet my friend in there. And I'm looking around because I've been in there in a hundred years. There's a huge and I have no idea what the name of it is. Pizza joint? Not like a pizza joint, but like a gourmet pizza place. Okay. And I don't know what it is. But boy, it sure looked pretty interesting. There's lots of food in the gail ria. Well good. And like I said yesterday, a lot of living and breeding people. And you think, what can I really be in power counting where the average age is Death Plus 40? I really can't believe this. So that must be where they like jam all the young. You know, I can, and a lot of cities. They jam all the dark folks in one part of town, you know. And then they jam all the, whatever other kind of people. Well, they all the red necks in the trailer parks. Yeah. I guess in Howard K. They jam all the young people over by the Gila ria. That's not a bad area. So that's right. Bullard, right. Yeah. Yeah. Well, no, that's not a bad area. Once you get east of past, well, whatever. Correct. Don't, don't start getting the whole thing like that now. Okay. What constitutes a bad area? What's a bad area? So we're by the beach mine. It's by the beach. What? Stuff. Yeah, stuff. Right. Richard, my stroller, right. So what is this from? Well, where is this come from? Looks like the New York Times to me. It looks like that kind of very constipated print. Oh, yeah, it is. It's New York Times. Norma sent me this. Taking the debate about God online and battling it out with videos. I wonder if they're talking about it. They all got it because there is no other. There is only one. Like he said, like, father Mary and said to me, Exorcist. There is only one. Remember that? Yeah. I thought that was in Highlander. No. It was in the never saw Highlander. So I couldn't have a book. But when you talking about it, it's a joke. They say that in their tent. So why is it a joke? Because it's obviously not what you were talking about. And she's starting to like have a ventilated game. Chris, maybe it's the aroma of a foot of an acoma. Yeah, that's good news. The good news is that the flashbacks. The good news is that tarish mel is gone. The bad news is that the roofers must have been doing a pretty crappy job last night because I'll kind of water peed down. That's what we've heard of ceiling and in the building. Oh, just a mess because it rained like hell, you know. And when it rains, it has to have like water's all around. You know, and that's very strange. A religious battle is taking place on the internet with two very different groups arguing over the existence of God. It began in December when Brian Fleming, a 40 year old film maker in play right based in the LA, started the blast from each challenge, asking people to post videos on you to denying the existence of God. In one video, for example, teenage girls says, I know that the Holy Spirit Jesus Christ God, the flying spaghetti monster, thinking of a corn's all these made up entities do not exist. How about the two fairy and Sandy Claus? Those who participate at the Fleming site, blastamachallons.com, or I like that, blastamachallons.com. We see a free DVD of the documentary that God wasn't there. Oh, I got to get that. Which Mr Fleming wrote to write it and produced. Mr Fleming, a former evangelical Christian turned atheist, said that the DVD's cousin about 25 grand, some more than a thousand people have turned on their cameras to deny the existence of God. The blastamachallons site, advises people how to post their videos on you. No, no, you should. Yeah, that's the sports video. You should. You should. We should act to bed. And how to post their videos on YouTube site. The Fleming site, so off set Mike Mickey, a 43 year old police officer from Christian Berg, Virginia, and Steve, you can, and a 34 year old carpenter from Henderson, Kentucky, as they began challenge blastamachallons with their own website, challengeblastamachallons.com. They're asking Christians to praise the Lord with their own videos on you. Here are you. Yeah. Or you, you're fair. You're fair. And one of their videos is another teenage girl says, I'm making this video to tell people that I believe in the Lord Jesus Christ. He saved me for my sins when I was eight years old, and I know that he is the living God. Referring to those who have denied the existence of God, Mr. Mickey, a Baptist, said, I pray for their soul salvation, and until repent for what they've done. Repent all you sinners out there repent, and get bent, because it's length, and what I meant. And in this list of the police job, Mr. Mickey, the married father of three, is also the webmaster for rapturealurc.com, a website, sounding to alert that Jesus Christ is coming soon. Oh, I can't have a line for that, but of course, so that'll be the end of us. Just keep moving. Emily Hensewitz, Hennacewitz, a 18 year old who denied God with a rice file in her video, is among those who find the videos and interestingly, they talk through the issues of religion and faith. Others are deeply offended. This is a very, very serious situation, said in these gumfacts, they homework from Femons, North Carolina, and a participant in challenge blasphemy. We're not dealing with human versus human, it's a spiritual battle, C.B. saying it. The anti-religion perspective has been around on the Internet since it's beginning, though using you, cue, or you, or do fairy, to express such your thoughts as news to Dr. Lauren Dawson, Professor of Sociology and Religious Studies, if he'd received a water loop in Waterloo on Terriot, which studied religion in the Internet. I wonder where that is waterloo on Terriot. Some are Canada, no doubt. Oh, what a genius man. To my mind, it's a very unique scheme, said Dr. Dawson identifies himself as an agnostic with a Buddhist worldview. He loves rubbing Buddha on the head. In a sense, it's a new twist on long, heavy, trilling, baiting and flaming people online, and purposely seeking to attract attention, and the fear of trouble. That sounds awfully. What are those words? You're trilling, baiting and flaming people online. It's in line with the culture of the Internet, and the bad boy element of the Internet. Oh, bad boy. Only bad boys online. Ms. Hennaktovitz, who was raised as a Jew, said to be encrusted in the concepts of God and faith after the death of her grandfather for years ago, a high school senior, she formerly attend a Hebrew school. Oh, they as mere. And pray to God, but fell unclear about what happened to somebody after death. After much consideration, she decided to stop and say, this is an including all the God bull crap. Ms. Gumperk, on the other hand, was raised in a Christian family on Long Island, but since she felt the need in her youth to rebel against her parents' beliefs, I doubted she said of her beliefs, but I came to the realization that this life is not over when you die. Right. Mr. Fleming who says this is what I've said doesn't make money. He started questioning his religious faith during a senior year of high school, when he transferred out of an evangelical school to a secular one. All those horrible evil secularist man. Ooh. Long-size started asking questions about Christian doctrine and seeking answers to Christian doctrine. I realized there was no way Christian doctrine could survive. He said, those secular humanist man, ooh, get the pale out. I discovered you can't think you're way to Christianity. You do have to unthink your way there. Once you start to think about it, you end up not being a Christian. He said, that's right. You're Fleming. That's what happened to some of this. Right. The goal is for us to dump religion from our culture. We had an hour talking, we want to get rid of the supernatural beliefs. The same way would be great if we could dump a strategy or a phonology. And all the other pseudo sciences. And all those pseudo human beings. I'm all a pseudo bull crap. Just like this pseudo radio station. Some blasphemy towns participants use profanity while referring to Christianity. Others jokingly say they believe in intelligent design. Right. Some of the Mr. Mickey contents of the hatred of religion. These guys are all malicious and able toward us. He said they hate Christians without passion. They're far bison I think is what he meant. It is the participant who made the anti-religion videos on a large, who worried that Mr. Mickey, who feels that a young person who makes such a video, may now choose not to become a Christian later, for fear of having committed an unforgivable sin. For believers like Ms. Gumperack, to the 16 year old son said he'd find a participant in challenge blasphemy, the videos are a chance to share their faith with others. We're challenging them back Ms. Gumperack said, we're confident in God's word, and we like the topics to rethink their position. Despite all this, Jesus has died for them and loves them. Jesus loves you. You're fair. That's right. He hates the sin, but he loves the sinner and the Adi Adi Adi. And oh God, that's good. And of course in the mirror, Magdalene, we're having a gay old time. Whatever they would do. All the other cry. I think we need to apologize to the entire Christ family on behalf of the human race. Do you think? No. And everybody else who got stuck up on the cross, how about all the other people that got like a crucifine? They crucified lots of them, those Romans. They sure did. Just like the Saudis with that whole dealer chopped off square, they're chopping it baby. And of course, one thing about the Jews in the Arab's man, they like to chop it a lot. Stratum and Cee-Cheese. So the word. For the Lord the Lord the Lord the Lord. Lord the Lord. Lord the Lord. Lord the Lord. Lord the Lord. For the Lord the Lord. And actually get over with that dewy set for that. He's got a lot of time to talk about me about life. I don't give a crap what that fairy has to say. If he was the Lord, think so, guys. That's what I'm gonna do. I know what I'm talking about. Every morning at the condo, I take the elevated down. And on my way to the condo, when I pull my golden basket out, I give a full condo, think so. So, Lord, you're back and Pau. I'm going to back and Pau. For the Lord. For the Lord. For the Lord. For the Lord. For the Lord. For the Lord. For the Lord. For the Lord. For the Lord. For the Lord. For the Lord. to the giant daddy. Oh, you bad guys, you're always not gonna lie. It's a bad issue when I take you crazy. I know I ain't no way to play with you. But when they drop my voice, look change. You little smoothie before you enjoy. You better eat it. You better eat it. I just like the fact that I'm not that bad. Oh, you better eat it. I just like the stuff. I just like the stuff. I just like the stuff. I just like the stuff. I just like the stuff. I just like the stuff. Yeah, what's present? Living our dead we'd like to meet. It's very forward. He was a great job. Give me the ball. Give me the ball. Give me the ball. The job mentality man is a lot of gear that I ever realized before. It's a big club you moron man who worship other man gay. And it don't even have to do with the sex necessarily. Although it might. Yeah. Did you let us sign? Sure. I did. Now if you ever even hit the California pizza kitchen, I can't say that I have. I've heard good things about it. It's really great. Chris, you know about it? I've never heard about it. I've heard about it. It's really great is what I heard. So I'm thinking maybe since I'm getting all these suggestions here online, maybe I'll go get me a Chinese pizza today if there was such a thing which is not. Why don't you invent it? Sounds good to me now. What do you put on it? Whatever you want like some egg food youngs and chalmin. Maybe some lobster sauce. How young is? Egg food young. You know what the proud more. Egg food young. A lot of Chinese restaurants. I don't want to go into it. Oh, the stuff that the Chinese people occasionally put in the food. 142 votes. There's no talent. 145. They're coming in a big fat chunks now, man. Although it's this pool. I mean what's the point of even continuing? I'm saying was the side of the one when I put it up there. When you're stuck in. I won't vote for a presidential candidate who was a member of the Bush family. 669 and it's 54 percent. 64 percent. Almost two turds of all the votes. Out of a 145. 169 say no more bush. I have no prejudices against anyone who runs 94. A Republican succeed a black 33, a woman 32. So you see that if you look for the Obama and the swore effected it's like side by each side by each. I hate this poll. I got only. But two point eight percent. Pretty good. We find a guy when they like I guess. A Jew 29. No, no Jews. Gay 25. And they still all talk about the fact that Lieberman caused the election in 2000. Forgetting about the fixed votes and all the hang and chads and the fixed Supreme Court and stuff like that. Jew Lieberman, we are killed them. All of the red states, all the anti-Semi. You know about that. Gay 25 and Mormon 19 like that group, all Mitt Romney. I have Hispanic 15 like Alberto Vio 5 Gonzalez for example. Well, I see you disgrace your wife. I bet you trying to get rid of him. Like a pardon. Hey, one of my what he's a being is a moon face beiner man. He's an engine. Are you starting to be redundant now with that moon face beiner crap? I get on the beiners again. Okay, sure. Oh, be a nine. Speaking of beiners, oh be a says Fuzzi at all those beans man, all those refried mushy beans. Oh, and atheists nine, a smoker seven, a past drug user three, a little bit too. Oh, and physically disabled finally got a vote. That's Fuzzi after I started talking about how I'd like to met FDR. And so right away, just to me, best job gross, they put one for physically disabled out of the 161 votes as if, you know. We're physically disabled by we're technically disabled here at QM. We were technically challenged. We've had 27 dropouts on our streaming veil. Although it currently is up and running, maybe it's up. Maybe they fed it. Some of those pills that were laying all those phosphorymbal stations. Remember when we first came on QM, it's all they had was you write how this function adds and short. Offer gambling joins. And that was it. And then Gueldi, this, fuck for that one restaurant that went belly up so this big one out of business, that's a guard. Remember we had the dinner day that night with the Zoltan and his wife? Yes. And you were right about him. I don't know what they, he looked like Frankenstein, like the monster on a bad day. Maybe he had some. Maybe he had some. That iracts in those days. Well, I don't know what your prescription needed updating. I don't know what that was all about. Your clothes. And he brought his wife with him and we had a meal. I don't remember who was the food good match or not. I was the size of this. Was it okay? Yeah. And in the cool Smith and the media of this track, and here's what I call by Danny Shekter on the Smurking Chimp. Danny Shekter who spent eight years working with ABC News and now at its media channel.org. He says TV News comes alive on celebrities or former presidents die. Like that great athlete, Jerry Ford for example. That's the time when news ghouls come out to play. In a week of my school days to board and a rack at a time when our presidential campaign was heating up, the 10th will report a February 22th, counted all the news times devoted to where we subject our network news concluding. And in the cool Smith ended up with the most total time on all networks combined, like it or not, she was the story of the day. Every angle was poured over with the gravitation of a UN resolution. CNN's Larry King could have gone 24-7 talking to all the internet experts, including boys who once delivered pizza to her home. I want to force him to tell a foreign your pizza kitchen. Why was the judge crying? Is it true he was angling for his own reality show? The all-ended cool Smith all the time news gazzam, conjured up memories of the glory days of cable news in the shameful era of O.J. and Monica and John Van A and and. series journalists may not like it, but the network bigs to use a variety is in our please-this punch. Because the perversity of her life and death opens at order of endless exploitation and the made from TV movies to come. The debate over who should get her child is to kind of drama the TV is passionate with. This program is understand that and emulate what else is on. Hence the fusion of fiction and faction. Celebrity pieces also said, we used read what their soft news and so-called kicker stories explains tin ball if the network is our valuable to any criticism for pandering in the case of Smith it's that they each found a soft or celebrity feature to follow that celebrity news. In no defense the features were fun and V.C. chose the British royal family, Donna Friesen fill a file the same story minus Lawrence Olivier on Prince Harry going to war. It's in his family's blood that marks full of file for CBS on Tuesday. ABC and NBC, the movie for CBS is free with the Academy of Warfare. And he's bill worker found soundtrack Mr. Kevin O'Connell. Now nominated 19 times it would have a single last run as a panel piece after his 19th not for a pocket loop though. O'Connell is more than ready for his close up ABC's rubber crower trophered cross cultural comparisons of the smash lead at the movie theater. It contrasted Hollywood popcorn with bodywood. Vada Pav. I have no idea what that is. And pop a chat. It's about a pop. Never heard of it. And pop a chat and create the catchphrase resounding through the corridors of ABC news. Hello potato. Huh. Should news be fun? Never mind. Just posing that question makes me seem like a grinch. The better question is the news even feature real news anymore. A few years ago the Rocky Mountain Media Watch exam and hundreds of local news programs and found that a good 10% had no news at all. With Yahoo announcing a new news program in which anchors sing the news, but most of America's kids locked down to the comedy news of the Daily Show and Colbert report, the idea of news is informational. It will soon be considered past a, if it hasn't already. Notice how all the numbers devoted more time to an inflamed food fight between Hillary and Obama than any of their political differences. Conflict, we all can drive this what drives the agenda. Personalities, not positions rule. Television is in the business of engineering audiences for advertisers. That's why promos are often more important than programs. Programmers look for hooks and try to generate the interest for lowest common denominator stories. Stories help keep viewers coming back. The buzzword in the business is still kiss. Keep it simple and stupid as in kiss this. Doubling down is about home strategy. Keep it simple and stupid. Very little is left for chance with market researchers studying audience reactions and rating services measuring who watches what. While the experts are not always right, they've read a buttress their market driven judgments with focus group feedback and information about what formats work the best and which starts command the most interest. They love to toss around viewer stats calibrated around day of the weekend time period. They call it audience research. It revolves around numbers not how viewers really feel about the direct that they're being bombarded with. Artistic judgment, aesthetics and social values have very little to do with the decisions that are made. This is make us often believe there's a science behind what works and what doesn't. And when millions of dollars around the land is a logic to being risked versus the name of giving the people what they want. TV throws up its own icons and branding performers whose lives then become the subject of constant news and news magazine treatment. Talk showed dribble and tabloid newspaper hype. Think of one of those charts showing how natural waste is recycled and you get the idea. Increasingly the avalanche of dumb-down news and reality shows shaped the media environment with more celebrity chatter and viewers encouraged to participate on shows they have no influence in organizing. Some scar-wocked to fame and fortune others make fools of themselves are humiliated into the ether. The effect of all of the secursions to further limit and reduce our attention spans to distract and divert us from odd matters and to give us a distorted view of the world. For example, from MSNBC.com, a new full shows Americans are tuned into their own war dead but underestimate the rocky death toll by tens of thousands given the coverage this is not surprising. The FCC just imposed large fine on univision for its faded to provide educational programs for children, accompanied by US investors for $12.3 billion. One will they find the other networks for misinformation and underregulating America's adults. This analytical Smith Uber-Aluestradity further tore Peter's denotion that an individual's comprehension depends on having context and background. No wonder then that there's a constant fluff and foolishness that a birth and actual agenda away from Iraq or the issues in the battle in Congress to watch live coverage of news hacks in a feeding frenzy when a lower-or-named Howard K. Stearn Enders Accord House. Don't think this happens by accident. It's the template. It's delivered. Clearly, if you want news these days, the news is the last place you're going to find. The news. Ah, shit, you don't got no news. That's why here on QM, we don't worry about news. We only worry about sports news. And guess what's coming up a two-day by the way, NHL trading deadline? What? Oh, I better turn off a CNN. You don't worry about our TSM, the sports network now, eh? I'm actually thinking of Walter Wall. They've got our dirties. Time and San Jose. And any idea where he might have landed up? Well, yeah, we're going to take this last bomb movement and what flavor was it? That's what we want to know. All the judges, if it's all the time, I want to have lunch with Jerry Ford. Morgan is the 12-to-one hour on QATM. You've seen films about the Irish Mafia and the Russian Mafia. Now, we've been on this Mafia in Martin Scorsic. Gaines of Pennsylvania Dutch Country. As a guy, I know. Has to find looking milk cow. Yes, it would be a shame if something for chance to happen to it. Are these suggesting I pay the protection? Ah, I don't think it. Gaines of Pennsylvania Dutch Country. It's filled with excitement, but no electricity. Now I've made done thy interest payments. And I regret the thy most break at thy knees with this butterchurn. Hustle for God. And if you just sinned to collect on the Sabbath, I'd be seen steam. Oh, and forgive it, my blasphemy. I shall break at thy knees on the morrow. Don't risk the foreign reasons of spence of Gaines of Pennsylvania Dutch Country. For the size I compensate, or I commit to whacked me. Martin Scorsic, he's Gaines of Pennsylvania Dutch Country. Where made dyes aren't just made. They're corrected by the $5.60 WCM. Don't get that diabetic. Don't get fat because they don't have to get a ball that pizza. And I'll have that good stuff in all that ice cream, all in the morning. I'm telling you right now. Because I'm getting tempted reading all these menus and all this stuff online here. It's not good, man. I'm just going to stop eating. I'm going to wait till I learn how to get a beer. Just eat a bite on it every day. No food. No food. I got to come and for you about that. I lost this. So pal, I've got to work this. If you rearrange the letters, I think it'll convey the message that I have for you. Make sure it's a sugar-free vitamin. Eat this. No, that's 78 votes on the pool. We're going to have a ball, 1, 288. Chris doesn't care. He's too busy trying to stop eating. Yeah, we'll get to about 13. Now, what's the story with you, um, wait? I don't want to get too personal now. But I'll let you know. I'll let you know what your balance is past two weeks. Well, let's hear it. First of all, it's okay. I wouldn't be surprised by the end of our ideal here next 15, 20 years when I get through with all this crap. That he's down to a 1248 pounds. Then they will fear him. Well, they'll fear him all right. Can I talk to you? Like about six, five, ten. Oh, five, ten. You're just barely a little far from me. You should weigh about 160, 170 pounds. And you weigh how much? Four, what? Four, 20. You weigh how much? Oh, I didn't know you actually want to be answered after you said it so. 250. Why didn't you want to answer it? Well, you said 420, so, you know, or he did or whatever. For you, sure I touched him. I touched him. I'm not sensitive and touchy. Like, you are my I'm a fast slob, okay? I'm just kidding. Our course was in here. So it's all good. Yeah, yeah, yeah, right. I've got to lose another 24 pounds. I'll be stilt. Lovely. I'll be ready for prime time. And I'll be also ready to be putting a box no down. Sure, sure, too bad we can't take any calls, you know, because I know this is not what I had in mind for my anniversary week. You know, not that this is such a major deal. But this isn't what I was thinking about. What are you talking about? Here's one. QA. Oh, yeah. QA. There was the one. QAM, hello. Neil. Yes. Is Jesus in God the same person? Christ, you have to ask me then? You're some kind of a Jew boy or what? Are you an atheist? Do you some kind of a heathen that's going to burn and hell? What is wrong with you? No, I'm too fast. You're asking what? What am I going to? What's my response going to be? It's all a bunch of bubble mice. He's badly understand what that means. Bubble mice is. Asked bubble health spainty. Look, I said, who needs these calls? Right. Oh, my goodness. What? It's a brilliant. Yeah, he's a brilliant guy. I love him. Brilliant guy. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six. We can take the calls. Although, I don't know if it's me or it's just sound strange when you punch him up there. Like they're very nice. Oh, yeah, I couldn't understand. Damn thing she was talking about. I was going her phone. She had bad girl lighting up now. Oh, good. Let's punch a bunch of mokai and take punch a bunch. QM. Hey, I'm going to talk to you guys about good place to eat. Go to Gianni some pop-in-o. Yeah. Do I could get a Thai food? Love a Gianni's? Yeah. Not the awesome. Like Gianni Versace, like that kind of Gianni? Yeah. They've been there for about 20 years. Not too far from the track, isn't it? Yeah, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, uh, it's, uh, it's, uh, it's, uh, about halfway to a Lanac on the lap. Hmm? Hey, hey, hey, hey, it's been my next door neighbor. Hello, a guy got great food. Well, you don't, you don't get freebies there, do you? I don't think so. Yeah, I get out of here. Hang up on this guy. I mean, I'm, I'm, I've heard about that place before too, but I mean, this guy obviously is, used to be his neighbor, he's getting freebies there. He's, he's siphoning from the well is what he's doing. Who down you kiddin' pali? Gianni, my ass. Puck you up another one, come on, this is really good stuff. You away, I'm, hello. There my pig, sick. Yep. Q and cuisine line. Hello. George? Yeah, no. The meal available? For what? For what? I'm sorry. Available for action right here, sir. What are you got? I'm fine, Neil. I just wanted to congratulate you on your long-divided boys from the past, Coleman Chandler. Coleman Chandler, who does that? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. With a mustache. Coleman, are you remembering? You're not remembering? Very young. Coleman Chandler, do you remember Coleman George? No, I don't either. How long we there about a week? Maybe two. Maybe two. Seriously, I don't remember you for a from Adam. I don't know you're cool, I mean, I don't want you to feel bad, but it was very nice of you to call. You remember when you had the song that we're all the salespeople on it and salespeople are Apple? No. She wouldn't have been hit. I don't know. I got the, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I know. Coleman, what's that all about? Salespeople are ISO. He said something like that, but it wasn't ice anyway. Well, it wasn't nice and it wasn't ice. Well, that was Coleman Chandler. I'm very identified himself. Okay, because Coleman, they're going to come after your ice pretty soon. That's love your camping supplies, but, you know, well, just make some hell of a die. Like his lantern, a lot of the Coleman lantern year when you go camping. Always taking Coleman lantern. Made in China. Is it really? All of everything is. Well, why not? I'll not think I'd a big in people. I got to keep him busy doing something. There are, I was told, we can see I can't see it with a whole bit of ringing. Or stinking or whatever's going on. QAM hello. Boop. Boop. QAM hello. Hey, nearly with some man. I don't sure. I was wondering whatever happened to the moment. Is it the toy boy? And if you ever heard anything after left the QAM. What was your back? We can't. On a 40 watt station at 8.50 on the dial. He's working on that. Correct. And he's also sucking up to a, Sid the kid that Rosenberg cranks the door. It's over there at 7.90 across the street because he's on opposite me. So he's a text messaging him and kissing his ass. QAM hello. I think off in the middle of the night to New York together. The Bronx. The other greatest joy. Yes, second greatest. Thank you much. Okay. There you go. One next week. I'm wiping all the way down. I'll bet you are. 5 6 7 0 5 60. No, seriously. Something's going to happen with this. I mean, this is not a, this is taking a step beyond. We've had glitches and bitches and witches and witches. But this is taking a step beyond. We've had glitches and bitches and witches. And witches. But this is taking a step beyond. We've had glitches and bitches and witches. And witches. But this is like the thing that just out and it's like, well, maybe some day might come back. Well, what kind of responses at Joe Bell? What kind of responses that that we can't even punch the phones up here? I can't see nothing. And even at his office. What is that? You're going to build your entry into the sharks. Here's some heavy duty hockey news. Cow called or acquired by the black cuffs. There's a franchise man they ought to shut down. One of the original six. Still gear and trade it into the sharks. Here's some heavy duty hockey news. Cow called or acquired by the black cuffs. There's a franchise man they ought to shut down. One of the original six Chicago black cuffs. They stink. The ownership stinks. They give the fans direct. And who the hell are they kid? And by the way, speaking of kidding. Who's kiddin' who with this panther stuff anyway? Hey, they play gear and robber. Gary Roberts went to the Pittsburgh Penguins by the way. Do you worry about that? Yep. You care? Sure. Gary Roberts just celebrated his 70-feet birthday. He's old enough to be my grand-pile. So don't give me no Gary Roberts. At least want to Gary Roberts since he's his birthday. And you know, I keep looking over here at the phone. What am I looking at? What am I looking at? Everything's ringing, man. QAM, hello. QAM? Hello, Neil? Yes sir. I wanted to see a PF change. Very good. Okay. They have a bunch of different things that are really good. In fact, I default you should be a big PF change. He would like to spoke personally. No, I see. Well nothing's perfect, you know. That's very true. But Neil, what did I ever do to you? My boy, give her the hand. More on. You're an idiot. You're a jackass. So he does not regard a Kim, you know, on a mice face thing originally. And but I'll be better open. He tried to like say, well, I was the jerk that was doing that. And Bapabah. And you know something? They can never stop. They can never stop. Once a jackass, always a jackass. Once you got your one liner. And then it comes back with, oh, well, G. You were the one that said this. Just like that other guy was a guy, Jerry. Jerry with a G. Jenny. No, Jerry. Oh, not Johnny. Johnny, G. Are you talking about him? Hey, Johnny, G. By the way, oh. He goes through a whole thing about it. He hopes that part of the reason I went to capital It was on his recommendation. And then he gives me a son and an answer about, oh, well, what did I have? And go away already. Don't go away, man. Just go away. You. You. I heard it. I smell it. I don't go in there. You hear my stomach's bubble. I smell it. I smell it. I smell it. I smell it. I smell it. I smell it. I smell it. I smell it. I smell it. People hitting runs from work. Lade one night when they fall. But fine. And the fast food line. They pulled in and gave their order to the girl. And my next thing to know, they started to learn. And I go about. They're still excited to blow. They got all help. Put burning inside their throat. It has now. That's when they started to blow. Not feeling well. Let me be in very cold. It's lost in the curse. The curse that killed the deer. It's causing all of this diarrhea. But the on the prison. Are going to die. They've just got that cage for the colon. Run back all down. They're coming to blow. They've got all help. I'm burning inside their throat. And they're at a smell. That's when they started to blow. Not feeling well. From the beanberry dough. Should have kept the damn chalupa. You might not have made that soup up. Next time you pass the fine, say no. Even though it's grilled. So it's good to go. Do have the people not to take and wish that they own it done. So they could hunt down the people who think outside the farm. The pain from the crams. They felt deep in their gut. So next time they'll just sort of feed the heart. Not about about. That's the mix started to blow. From chalupa. And now we've got a relemoner of boys. All the other time. Chris is everything is just fine. We're kicking some big cheers. Smell it. That's a fat. And if anybody knows about a fat ass, he's begun. Lower her nine votes on a pool. By the way, we already mentioned that pants and straighted Gary Roberts to Pittsburgh for defense. No, well, anybody ever heard no well. But who cares? Who? How about some NHL draft talk? I mean, great. That's going to take a quick break. Look at the final details on that deal. And as we said with national making a big move with foursburg and now San Jose, the question. What? The Anaheim Ducks, too. We will speak. What does a duck stew, baby? Probably wild a little bit with scene. When that with ducks didn't really do they model? They didn't do it. How are we doing on that phone? Because I have no idea. No calls. No calls. No one's in here. No interest by anybody in the building. And that's just the way it goes. And who knows what evil lurks? How long this kind of crap is going to go on? I'm thinking about it in a break. It's the year 2007. The idea that anybody in the broadcast industry is doing a show without internet connection. I mean, I got my regular internet over here. Thank the Lord on the other side. But would like between me and you? Yeah. Between me and you with some power crap is what it is. It's not a problem. Two lines. One way to get like all whipped up into a frenzy about it. Just be calm. Okay. Just be relaxed and calm. Don't give me all whipped up. Now that I'm calm and I'm going to break great frame of mind. Don't give me all whipped up into what Apple plugged in frenzy again. You know? But it would be, you know, another one that were a couple of other ones too. That was the guy. Oh, I had a turnier off last Friday. First time remember that guy. Yeah. That guy. And then there was the abulion guy. That was the one I was trying to think of. Jerry with a G who sent me that indignant email on my space about. Wow. If I really cared about something as insignificant as this my space. All the other crap. You know, you're one of the one that called me. You know, something I don't like people who want to have labels. They want to have, you know, tags. Yeah, they want to have tags because they want to be superstars. They want to be big celebrities on their radio. There's only one celebrity on this show. Well, George. Yeah. Chris is the big celebrity on this. That's what Joe Bell said. He said there's only one celebrity on that show. And it's George Rodriguez. That's what he said. Anybody by that? Nobody believe what that he said. No. See, there's always a big left out with this thing. What are you building up for this big anniversary date? I mean, I don't see all the great significance of 31. It's just, you made it one year past 30. And I'll write my, my advance age. And in my stage in the stage in life, whatever my stage is, I think it's pretty miraculous. I mean, I had that call from Ricky Tickey last week. That was pretty exciting. I'll always wanted to talk to you. But nevertheless, last week Vermont Ice Cream Mobile was Ben and Jerry launch Stephen Colbert's American Dream, a flavor named on the comedy channels political satirist. The news spread rapidly to the blogosphere after being leaked to Colbert's website. For the no fact zone, it's self-assent of Fox News is no spin zone hosted by Bill Oraley. This, by the way, is by Andrew Schmidt and megan polarovcom and dreams.org. I probably should, I just once in a while, read something I don't tell you who it's by. As if the audience knows who these people are. Anybody know who these people are? No, no, no, no. They don't know who they are. The flavorful online launch raises a worry about the landscape of megan democracy. Is this brand of American Dream described as the sweet taste of liberty in your mouth? A sign of, oh man, a sign of reinvigorated popular of democracy in the US? Or is it a sign of democracy packaged for consumption? Politics branded as tasty flavor of the day. In the course of 40 interviews with political bloggers online video producers and members of the Daily Show Online Community, a research project funded by the social sciences and humanities Research Council of Canada, we see two significantly different models of democracy In addition to new media participants, in short, democracy as megamart versus democracy as town hall. In the megamart model of democracy and increasing number of voices and broad range of opinions are displayed. Bloggers, journalists and casual readers browsing consume the ones they like. Most read only 1% of 57 million blogs technically crowded tracks and most blogs come in Premierland existing mainstream media rather than producing investigative journalism that might shape domestic and foreign policy. In the megamart vision, the wide-range of choice and freedom of expression are most significant of Asian democracy and model of American consumer choice. You have a lot of people racking their tongues and spouting off. It might be totally down a rabbit hole, making no sense at all or be very poorly expressed or reincredibly well expressed by the complete line of BS, so one of our interviewies. But it's what you get with the democracy, it's messy, it's not always fun, but frankly it's fairly entertaining. On what certain shows I can think of, it's fairly entertaining. The megamart model arguably produces an echo chamber, a packaging of the handful of corporate news flavors in the 57 million variations, most of which you're not adding any new facts to the conversation. Let's not forget that the blogger's fear is also one big echo chamber of he said exchanges, no one seems to be coming up with original content these days, rights, jack of all blogs on February the 8th. Another echo chamber problem is the fear that readers merely gravitate to blogs that suit their preconceived political views and filter everything else out. One of the bloggers we interviewed described as a kind of blogging where people are just reinforcing their prejudices and their ideologies in echoing each other attacking the enemy. What's wrong with that? Still all is disagree with this dismissal. Some research shows that readers are more likely to encounter views from diverse political perspectives in the blogosphere than in the traditional print news. But many bloggers we interviewed dispute the megamart model of democracy and said the emergency of a renewed town hall, a public form in which judgments and opinions are vigorously debated. As one left blogger we interviewed states of his attempts to educate mobilizes readers, I'm not just attempting to influence them while they're online, I'm attempting to influence them for their entire lives. Our research evidence is that bloggers who've you needed democracy on the town hall mail model also are more likely to be engaged in official political activism. Contrary to the myth that online activism is a planning offline political action, propagated by mainstream media headlines like that of Jennifer Rolls, recent Washington Post-Affey and where have all the protests gone online was the answer. Our survey shows online activity may be increasing offline political engagement. Our survey of 157 bloggers and independent viral video producers evidence is that 52% agree that myla online political activity has caused me to take action in my local community like protest book out, etc. Since becoming active online 29.3% of those we surveyed said they're more active in offline political activities and 63.1% say they spread them up the same amount of time in offline political activities. 59.5% say that my online participation in political form is a lovely to join at least one political gathering or protest or go to the window and open it up in the aisle. I've just backed like that as hell. Bloggers do contribute out when this reporting specialized research and rigorous investigation for example bloggers attention reports that the US military had used illegal phosphorus weapons during the November of 2004 C.J. Voluca and the onagram reporting by blogger journalist Dar Jamail of Iraq dispatches pushed the story to prominence in the UK independent. The reports forced the Pentagon to admit that white phosphorus had in fact been used in Voluca. All the information came from bloggers came from people doing things like finding government documents, finding instances where soldiers admitted and filed manuals that they used it and what it looked like and that's what the call sign was. Whiskey piece at a blogger often investigate the story. Even blogs that merely comment may impact reception and policy though fact checking and reframing through a fact checking and reframing. Bloggers are little reference for traditional media who used to be pre-stone high dispensing in all to the unlawed masses. But now we fact check the crap out of them and if they're lying it's going to come out state of one blogger. Mainstream media in the words of another blogger are watching their back a little more because they know they're going to get caught if they do anything egregious. Oh, don't do anything egregious. Bloggers describe their work as participation in conversation I think the main value is it brings more voices to the table by by comparison of the corporate media where they pretend that this may be two sides of a argument which is ridiculous. A contributed to a prominent US military blogger explains I like to argue because it helps for my opinion. I'm not found to any opinion arguing with smart people who disagree as the best way to find holes in your own argument. This model of democracy has little in common with shopping where the written involves engaged dialogue and collected search for the truth. As one interview is one interview we said blogging allows a level of citizen participation. You have a voice as well as a vote instead of just going and pulling a lever being an anonymous number you actually can contribute something to the debate. We currently face a good test case for these debates in 2003 when the Bush administration fabricated claims about stockpiles or weapons of mass destruction. The political blogosphere was only naysent as the war drums roll again this time with consistent claims about a ringing intervention in Iraq will the robust blogosphere fact check the crap out of Bush administration claims about a ringing weapons of lies and if so will media democracy mobilized enough to public protest to be heard much less shift foreign policy. If that is the rule now is the time for bloggers to hold their arguments and then state their fact checking skills. So far no US mainstream media have to speak to the fact of the distortion of the presence of the union such as that she and soon the extremists all want to kill Americans killed democracy in the Middle East and gained the weapons to kill even on an even more horrific scale. Will the base in the blogosphere be able to challenge western preconceptions about relationships and goals of the different Islamic movements operating in Iraq Iran, Lebanon, Saudi Arabian around the world or we just log on to our computers for another taste of American dream. And taste it yes. Good. You had it yet now. I'll maybe go to the cold stone. You're cold and creamer and get stone. Okay. How can people think cookie do ice. It's good. It is. Oh yeah. Sounds nauseating. Oh no. It's not. You know it's likely to be like eating a whole pick-hand pie. It wasn't wrong with it is that it's usually in vanilla. It's cookie do. So what some of us do is we go through a week, pick out the chunks of cookie down. You know leave the chap vanilla ice cream behind. You leave the chaf. I'm not reduced to get you stick into your stomach. Fuck it in and hold it. There. There. There. Oh. There. There. The California fruit. So when you're getting open-cran, and your times to pay you every day, you've got some memories. And that's for sure. And so for you, we got the cure. So for you, we got the cure. So for you, we got the cure. So for you, we got the cure. So for you, we got the cure. So for you, we got the cure. So for you, we got the cure. So for you, we got the cure. So for you, we got the cure. So for you, we got the cure. So for you, we got the cure. So for you, we got the cure. So for you, we got the cure. So for you, we got the cure. So for you, we got the cure. So for you, we got the cure. So for you, we got the cure. So for you, we got the cure. Wow spirit of the Panthers, that must have been ... Wife, remember John Waterfall, and his Career World? And what's that? Yeah! Oh my God! Too much asc relying on that! And he's July 2, Wisconsin. And so for B Ashball, the press was part of the Panthers all access program which has put cash players face to face with fans all season long sort of Panthers radio played by play voice Steve Gellney Gellstein post to the Panthers inside or show a special guest Nathan Horton assistant Joe manager Randy Sexton both heart and section son of the graphs and posts for pictures with fans and attendance before being interviewed on the radio but to be put a group of a and it goes on about the oh yeah if we're good at you know saying a lot of PR pieces and oh here's about fifty free tickets for you Neil and the year season ticket older and please put somebody in the stands there and help our franchise continue to pretend that we have long you know existence you know the funny the funny part was the only funny part I heard this the oblong table this morning with the Canadian boat so they're asking them both once the last time we attended a Panther game and they said one gruss is who what are the Panthers you know and and of course what's the prize given away on that segment that's it you got it so these are not people who go to any of the games just like almost anybody else there is no interest it's a phantom franchise as much of a gigantic hockey fan is I am and there's the draft show on the board of the sort of wild because there you go dominant more trade the wild I have no idea who that is but nevertheless how could be the system side of the idea keep looking over this phone thing I don't know why I mean wouldn't wouldn't know I wouldn't I wouldn't know anymore not anymore we we we have reached rock bottom okay rock bottom that's right very good as far as technical incompetence we are technically challenged on a few of its miracle I can keep an ending on the air nice college George Corso I wish that guy remember we had that one week that guy was calling in every day ripping Corso and asking must know what was up with that I don't know but boy if anybody deserves a disingenu department they're just I mean step tries very hard he cares enough to send his best name I don't think I've ever met him today no no he's normally the outside engineer you know for a sporting events the location guy yeah I'm always here on the middle side to see the message they got going on there that's why he probably wants to stand the outside who that would want to deal with the technical message I got going on the inside eight million dropouts on the streaming in the damn telephone thing don't work and this is on gapacheed and remember that couple days ago we had the level coming from the control room so low that it's something that was coming from Uranus I mean I could barely hear the damn program wouldn't have been low if it had been I beg your pardon if it had been coming from that planet oh wouldn't have been that low is what you're saying if they're coming from Uranus I see well so it sounded like anyway how we do what do you say we got to get the 13 we got 1135 I think we got a shot of 13 and I know I think Chris may shout a little bit the two high there you might get 1142 they're coming in a good chunks though now yeah maybe they had some of that uh... america on ice cream whatever what marica on not not a cone ice cream I've had some of that gay ice cream yeah you look at it not you know you look at it on the 42 votes on the pool physically disabled still got only one that's the ghost of fd r's look over that i'd have to have to do there's been healing for more was well but it would put about let's get that a johaki a thing on here let's get ramer on the phone what do you say not but that's the one good thing man he I haven't heard from him in a dog's age got her i must have gotten the miss what do you say her look at the you know there there's some people at always they just bug you and he was one of me on pick up the phone and call me nothing to say come in when you have something to say ramer well that'll never happen so he doesn't call florida peels court blocks and the close man barrel in the Bahamas how could we go two and a half hours without some heavy duty stuff on his everybody knows this already down spread your voice we've been forced fed it until it's coming out of our ears every poor your body it's coming out of your nose out of your archritch out of your back home had tried out of your toenails the animal close man case went to court in two countries yesterday a Bahamas Supreme Court just to serve arguments over who should be tested in the dead starlets baby while a soft photo peels panel halted temporarily the effort to take a remains to the Bahamas for burial i'm sure that's what you're smelling come to the events that was pia dozens of reporters in photographers get oh yes why so I said that he be yesterday my good friend the Susan candy outie the tata this is a sweet heart she tried to have a normal can call me well he did call but i would just was known love you Susan she's great dozens of reporters in photographers gathered in a courtyard across in the white pillars of the island nations pink two-story colonial era supreme court building this is in nashaw Bahamas oh what a place as lawyers in judges occasionally emerged revolving removing their white wigs all i love that when they take off their wigs reminds me of the former playboy model died well but we know all that she did this she did that her late husband five hundred dollars state i'll take it i'll do some good works with it i'll do good works like a village i'll do all my good works with it mmm and a peels court and vice-pound beast issued an emergency stay yesterday that stop any effort to move smiths remains a Bahamas Supreme Court justice court arguments made no ruling on the babies custody and another Bahamas judge post-bond decision on the speedover ownership of a house that's mid-living a potentially significant question that could determine whether she has the residency status necessary for a Bahamas burial why don't they just throw ass out to see okay throw ass overboard put out one of those and cruise ships why have a story on that speaking cruise ships where it was oh yeah how about a whole pile of stuff here that i've been like post-bonding delaying you know putting off putting welcome under an american and american senior citizen killed on a ledge mugger with his bare hands i was traveling companions aboard a tour bus fed it off two other assailants in the Atlantic host city of limon coast the rica limon i like a nice sugar free limon aid myself a retired member the west note to be aged about seventy put suspect warrants so it war her sigur in a headlock and broke his clavicle after the twenty-year-old and two other men armed with an ifen gun held up the bus tour the weeks for nanda is the police chief of limon idiom iosatis the senator's they said uh... last week this is old news but they never heard a new year did you yes you did to bad the target so go up was later declared dead apparently from a association the two other men fled when twelve senior citizens started to fend themselves during the one's the attack this is last Wednesday obviously it's not tomorrow yet after the tourist drove sigur to the red cross where he was declared dead i'm dying on the head of the red cross also treated one of the tourist for an anxiety attack wow the tourist left on the carnival cruise ship after the incident and it isn't a thirty said they don't find a press any charges against them they wouldn't arrive to defend themselves after being held up just another great example in a media statement mind-me-based uh... california cruise are i'm sorry carnival cruise lines said that the incident occurred during an outing at limon beach during which a group of a dozen passengers had arranged on their own corner witnesses while sighting at a local beach the group against were approached by three a silence when a home was armed did it the victim struggled with the arm perpetrated were able to disarm it during this process the gunman's two accomplices flood the scene and of course if disarming and restraining the asylum he died from a current asphyxiation uh... like that i'm gagged over here like that just like that how's that drag coming baby ending free agent would be the better pickup eight top or two zee be jason plate don't see here you are an excellent trade of either passes organization man getting a real stiff that all kid from a Vancouver couldn't stop a bowling ball from on radio arts away and top or two zee koo-chee but nevertheless nice to go training one of the best gold tenders and league you idiots you fools man and you want people to give you a song and dance because the three hundred people showed up in the market with guilty yeah that's your would satisfy me if i had a payout of my own pocket for those stinking panther tickets which i thought i don't eleven hundred and forty eight votes on the full not too shabby so what do you think top or two zee or jason break huh hockey talk we did a listen to the talk stay mine this is got two sets of ruts but we don't pay from you is the old and c<|fr|> five champion chip featuring a match up with a book talking off buddy the winner snow what if i get hurt for some stumbles us we're completely i have an unusually low pain threshold but only one will earn the wickly cold we all know that's to be my fine fellas jikhan come out by now he screams to hard he's the hands of the way you've never seen two zee koo-chee this far do a boy to like i'll let you in no i'll let you win hey how lot of we share the title okay high five oh he heard me who's come to show you can't miss also the questions that you had and that i had about it would be that's move on everything's uh... salt that's right let's move on along okay let's touch up a line here Neil i just pushed up into a bit because there's no dot there's no connection you're here hello yes sir hey i wanted to congratulate Neil on all the time on the radio well thank you so much is it Neil? it sounds like me yeah how you doing buddy? not too bad worker eight i people not too bad i hope you get your technical problem six it's good listening to you i just recently got a job right to listen to you most of the time that you're on the air all right and i love the show man thanks a lot thanks a lot pal i have a great day you too well there he goes and i skybed by put a little smile on my face kind of sure me up a little bit from this depressing technical morass morass everybody wants more rest but the problem is uh... we got the wrong morass where do you want more just pathetic what's going on here and that's a response we we address technical issues every ten more made aware of them what does that mean and what addresses on this technical mess we got now what address signs that the white house is it united nations is it the FCC what is it the pink dress always out of it i thought it was the blue dress that monica left in a bit of a behind eleven sixty on a poll or there's the wages with the standly couple of years ago there's my keen and i remember him and there's mark messia which if i ever have to see him again him or needle nose if i ever have to see him i'm going to give up hockey get rid of him off my screen i don't have a feature on him in just a long and let me turn out back to uh... something else eleven hundred and sixty votes are coming out of a feature on somebody wants a middle of the trade trading deadline should be given all the reports on the hot trades with two worth of many others what were you saying christ thirteen hundred votes not gonna happen not going to happen we got eleven sixty three we got an hour thirteen minutes ago that says we need a hundred thirty seven in seventy two minutes i could happen if the audience really put the pedal of the metal if they really go with it if they got you give it and we're a stream and baby we're only got twenty nine dropouts on our streaming day on our uh... feed on our feed on our online feed and look has totally before just the ten th each twenty fifth just take the money from the people because when it comes to anything else they're not competent to deal with it okay they don't really care about it they don't want to be bothered whether you can tell from the told that reply you know i say related to joys but he put it okay they don't really care about it should do what he can tell from the told that reply you know i say related to joys but a beat but a boop at about it like that that's jolly jolly very sad very sad guy not jolly at all said depressing to me I was in such a great mood until I read it so thanks for ruining my day and normal okay I don't want to hear about jolly jo and his brush off so okay and about who is not returning your responses as long as the text keep coming what are we here right we can just play that between now and the end of time almost two years left and is the how about two years of eyes that's on a sure it's how beats out of the other crap we got on to that oh I want to I want to be Jerry Ford because he wore a jog strap and they made fun of him after he died I didn't know much about him after he died yeah he learned about Jerry Ford on television just like the guy told how or be all because you're on television dummy remember that that's what you do and I'm sure why me why me because you're on television dummy and I'm served from a new book by writer Andrew Coburn to Piston with us all this eager to deploy massive nuclear retaliation in war games he played in the nineteen eighty zi extra piece of the website salon Coburn's book is called rummesefield his rise fall in catastrophic legacy the incident described in the air extra pizzeron is drawn from the former defense secretary's heavy participation in nineteen eighties continuity of government exercises similar things about government would attempt to function the event of a major nuclear attack on the USA the exercises received heavy funding during the Reagan Bush years in credit co-brems rumsfeld love these games and ever missed any of them instead of working to be established a function of the US government the aftermath of a massive disaster rumsfeld other priorities a former official defense department of the time told co-brems that rumsfeld always try to unleash the maximum out of nuclear firepower possible and retaliation for a Soviet attack maybe that's why bush like him so much maybe they both have the same same thing in mind their favorite hobby not just war games but kill so people that's it as many as possible in the nineteen eight nine extra exercise co-brems rumsfeld was successfully shut down by another player in the game who's simulated the role of secretary of state co-brems thinks the continuity of government exercise had interesting implications for rumsales real careers a policy and decision maker its worth comparing rumsfeld behavior in the games with his performance in a real war he observes the council may be even a responsible decision taken that war reflect attitudes and reactions better suited to an elaborate game from which we live cost and consequences are excluded co-brems also most of a warm spell wrote to George Herbert Walker bush and asked for an ambassador ship in Japan the other bush called the following message at the top of the letter which was collected by a white house employee know this will never happen gv rumsfeld was subsequently offered in a no-possessed in the bush forty one administration and yada yada yada like that maybe yeah he's a lunatic is what they're trying to say and tell that all the dead people who died because he was a lunatic working for another lunatic tell all the dead people and the people missing their limbs in their eyes and their brain and whatever they used to have working it's worth it what is it after we'll end in the coal what is it after we were Brittany shavin or stupid as head huh that's the American way baby that's the American way what is it and have to do with we found Jesus and Mary Magdalene and a son of yarsky whatever it was in those crypts what is that happened with anything that we care about what is it after do with them uh... academy awards like i told you robber bank that's my suggestion robber bank take the money go off to someplace where they have no expedition and have a wonderful life have a great have a great time take a bunch of real hot people off to some desert island somewhere school year brains out have a big small in your face drink pinnacle at a lot of pineapple yeah like that and some good some of the sub-tissive of my wife find your ass speaker that whatever happened to the guy from what that was his name from my name that disappeared in uh... joker's and whatever happened to him is really that's what i'm just saying all look at his normal can't with an email here now this is the same one i thought maybe this is new one it just came through my my uh... poison very i thought maybe this was something new it's a symbol crap leave me alone please okay tell me something uplifting tell me something that like a put a smile on my face not like this depressing stuff about drove bells and uh... debag you know who ought to be tea bag know if they say the bag that the tea bag is not a thing so i've got to imagine dragon the bag or the other way around i can't i can't get a straight eleven hundred and seventy most of the poor but we had we're not gonna make no thirteen i had to break the news to christ i see just picked the number of your ass that's that the only twelve that's what we used to say that tomorrow all the time when he used to do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do those think about is we'd say oh he was picked that number out of your well whatever uh... that's correct eleven seventy one on our pool and he's out there listen right now hey moa hope you and your buddy uh... cid the kid have a great trip back up the new york and a bus in the back of the bus he's texting cid the kid over across the street and congratulating i'm doing a wonderful job with his uh... point oh point oh chair you know with no listening audience who now you can't know okay it's not important that his friends succeed because he doesn't have any but the meal fails that's what his life's all about now everybody every person in this business whoever crossed your path will say the same thing moments to do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do haka moon iraq cia vice president nearly escaped assassination they yesterday uh... or he's a big fact i a sort as a blaster through a government meeting uh... meeting all this hours after research by you as teams of uh... uh... or he's a big fact i a sort as a blaster through a government meeting uh... meeting all this hours after research by you as teams of bansiving dogs at least ten people were killed i guess the dogs must have been off their feet a little bit of something huh a del Abdul mohty was slightly wounded his close with flutter chairs destroy a speaker's podium and said a chilling message or anything is always chilling chilling tillens that suspected student motons can strike anywhere despite our major security cracked out across Baghdad it ain't working out too well as u s forces cia law theory around the municipal building investigators grapple with the trouble in questioning how the bomb was followed the ministry of public works a seven story structure with cracks surveillance systems from its days as officers for sottom was answered and tells and so did us the bomb possibly hidden in the podium when off moments after the minister from public works finished his feet in a third floor chamber when this is said abdel mohty man made a welcoming address of a minister earlier raising speculation the bomb could have been on a timer trigger that misdevice president by sheer luck among those killed were civil ministry employees police said more than twenty five were wounded including the public's works minister rea got garyb which sounds a little like abugar rape probably related abdel mohty smothered by his body guards in instant in a little second severed minor leg injuries was hospitalized for tests he was later released i heard a big explosion said talk read alia public works ministry employee but attended the gathering to honor outstanding workers i felt that the ground of the whole place was filled with black smoke kind of like the studios at q a m maybe the old tard maybe guys are fun to roof you think say tardly we can play that bit but we can't see it and what else was as post a play he's been before you told me the rocker the uh... oh yeah the clock plan sorry we're not letting him say what was in whatever it is and the reason kind of a literate the debaid yes mr. tb had a little bit eleven seventy two on a pool where like i said twelve fifty sounds go way so we can can we compromise on a christ twelve fifty yeah that's what i thought you said to attend fifty by a tour of the and then a tour clock we got uh... eighty k for the mad dog today we got mad dog is just he don't want overdo it you know we got football season coming up in a few months uh... and when we got a fight out about that which ones got the totally in which days is that the dolphins uh... and what's it a new coach what's it a new coach christ that often and can we can't can we anybody ever hear this guy now i heard of uh... war in can one and delcamin who is his daddy highest racing driver some in the years ago freedom fellow here comes freedom fellow on the outside and there goes jackie lee i like to shame my legs arms and clubs while listening to the new lodgers one to two hours lifetime tv presents a brand new dating game where one woman must choose among three men it's gay straight or aching okay Sally you're about to meet one guy who likes girls one who likes boys and one who will never tell no matter how many times i am so you're asked i'm ready gay straight or aching one single woman must figure out who's a whole world who's a heteroc and who's a man alone Sally time to make your decision okay because that's the number one your gay now then you're straight no oh wait i got it you're quite a kid there you go if you want me to think it's all it's the dating game with a twist like water unless you can't play a straight or boy needs gay straight or aching only on lifetime television for women and possibly play a good and don't forget that gear and not gay sing when our very very hot morning show man that thing really sends me you know where it sends me where three times this morning one on one at five sixty w to q a and we got uh any k the sad no then we got the power hour guess Hank is gonna do it solo between four and five wouldn't be the first time i'm sure humper between five and six thirty and then we got see i don't understand the power hour how can it be the power hour when there's nobody uh no two people on a shut off on a stand on the one at invented that for Christ six what you got a copy right yes oh just like Pat Riley copy the he copy read the word de bag we're going to read it hello was three three three p yeah how many fingers you got three p humper five to six thirty then you got the pan to preview it six thirty panthers at the Washington crappell's oh my god again that would put it put a Mexican jumping mean into a coma that's it seven and then oh look at that look what we're doing tonight i can't i can't pull it look at this looks like we're doing this every night now all all why forgot about that we've been doing this for quite some time and i just haven't paid any attention what well i can't forget again we got a s p n radio like from ten o'clock till five o'clock in the morning yeah since since the uh Schmidt can't educate and then he came back uh it disguised as somebody also different all these different slots that got but anyway that's that is just amazing jolly jo but i just want to set out a message to normal can't okay i'm sure she's listening right non-middle over lunch hours stop stop a good intentions are are am i carrying on here about the technical thing we made it you know we made an issue out of it i'm sure something to talk about am i carrying on like some kind of a child here you might like banging my spoon oh my god but uh the thing doesn't work no i'm not and what did i say very clearly the checks show up not just on time they show up early they're big they're fat they're rotan they take care of me they take care of all my friends they take care of everything i need and that's all i care about that's it so if you want to do something productive instead of alien any my good close first of the friend jolly fat jo well well you ought to be doing normers like getting like another five ten year extension on that deal at about twice the pay with about a third of the work that sounds good to me that sounds like a deal sounds like a plan and then of course we can play them of tapes and Friday i mean the Georgia be working for whatever but this this is what i have to continue with pop head janko like that normally you know that's what i can tend with and that article by the way which killed some good time about the uh i was fairly interesting about the internet uh that was fairly amusing when that the real good thing the god who wasn't there now i'm gonna go on that today what is the uh blasphemy challenge dot com those who participate now why it says those who participate does that mean i got to send him uh video oh you post one post what post what post post a video you shoot a video you put it in your computer you post it i'm gonna go off what of you saying what the people say who post videos and how about my taking a video of me saying crap somebody shoots a camera at your face yeah okay shoot this said camera anyway though uh uh uh uh just just trying real hard out to those guys in the morning oh let me think gay or not gay huh your gay definitely the god it wasn't there the dbd which mr. Fleming wrote directed and produced yeah i was pretty interesting the blasphemy challenge cited vices people how to post their videos on you too and how to search for the videos on the you too right i see well whatever maybe i'll find something on there pretty interesting i'll shoot it off them and i'll get a copy of the dbd for free oh man i'll scan a copy of the dbd you know me the old chiefs gay not 1180 c's i get older the idea being now that i got a few bucks suspended you know i have one friend who tells me that my friend up here of course and he said you know enjoy enjoy life for me that's right don't worry well what was the uh suggestion absolutely oh my god oops 1189 and a full window i love more for 12 hundred and then after that it's uh it's just like a free run when you say you're crisp a free run oh definitely i've had a free run zv now and then not good oh here's another did i just read article about Patrick Coburn from the end of pennet you were uh UK who well he spells his last name i've had not seen i know that's how it's pronounced because i heard them must say it on the bbc but not everybody pronounce is it that way his last name is spelled c-o-c-k-b-u-r-n oh my god oh i hate that anyway this is named Patrick Coburn first he was alluded to stuff about the war then about the source of the weapons he wrote in the independent see some of this stuff is getting ancient what's all I get to story about alien just laid it on a rubber tube on a rubber shoe but that's what happens when you can't take any calls and like you know i'm gonna start making a huge pile man i did that this morning as a matter of fact i worked on it feverishly and without getting to graphic about that if you ever had that happen and you wonder you asked yourself like yesterday i didn't eat much of anything or i had a couple of a shniders we need and i had um what else to have some cheese some some really good aged cheddar cheese you know aged about 100 years god it was good and you don't start giving me the crap about to cheese again all right just because i don't drink milk doesn't mean i can't like it's nothing you don't drink milk you can't do it i think it's horrible you say it's not a hell thing it's bad for you it is rustier finger up in the air it says no other animal drinks the milk of another animal that's right but you do no i do not drink my cheese whatever i drink my ice cream said time when i melt down too much ever new can uh pint of ice cream and you new could so much it's almost like you have to put it on it yeah not good 88 seconds is the perfect time okay for a pint of frozen hog and dogs or benningers i got i got to make an admission and then this is bad as they as they never won promoter of hog of benningers face food and if somebody that always says hog and does is too watery i'll tell you one of the things in life that's really sweet in the middle of the summer like in juner july august is sitting on the kudam in burlin there's a big hog and the shop there and they got all these little chairs you know the wouldiam burl thing uh said we can sit there and enjoy your ice cream maybe look a little bit and just do your people watching there on the kudam all my god when that lady called earlier and asked me my favorite city in the universe you know maybe there's one better cities but of all of us ever visited burlin it's got everything you would possibly want beautiful people friendly people all of people under the age of forty for example are not nazis the older ones like you know this still goose stepping around but and lots to see good food all kinds of good food good like since i came back really i could tell my but see was the wrong time of the year you don't want to go uh almost anywhere in the earth in the winter time is tank and depressing and you can kind of a sour mood you know like i don't know i don't know i don't know all of the if i had any brains i would have stayed in the four days and had me a wonderful wild time and you can't have a wonderful wild time in burlin is been on burlin or trust me i'm telling you sitting there on the kudam the kufurstendam and let me recommend enthusiasticly by the way if any of you people are going to be traveling because right now is probably the time of the including me i'm starting to make plans for like my apol vacation and you're just more in try to screw up my vacation yeah just just let me put it to this way okay without playing but boss which i never do as you know um based on recent events in my life my my trips now are written in granite okay because i also have to coordinate with trips that i'm making down there yeah on the trips to europe and vacation things like that so i'll be messing with my calendar man i had no intention don't be messing with my calendar because he's trying to tell me this morning so when you go on vacation i get in the date and they probably said oh that's when i'm going on my vacation of course i'm always the old star and always willing to change because i always accommodate everybody for years you've taken your vacation just accidentally and coincidentally during the only time that school happens to be out when i could be able to go somewhere there i never say anything about it but this year i asked first yeah when you were in an in my vacation when school turns out not but then you said you said first week of April and i had a heart attack because that's because i asked you about i did not say that at all i keep the date what i'm going all like good heard it but he's gonna be you because he's scared to death he actually i do believe towards this correct on this one at first he said the first week and then i change the one i gave you that he looked after i looked at i gave you the date i've got a heart attack when you said the first week will you just take it be a little more stress free just like me can't you relax wanted to take a lesson from the old man i'm stressed free i don't get well you're hair free that's about it listen it's not it's not it's not that it's just the way it is okay we shouldn't have been sent my life including that whole Jacob episode of maybe into a but now everything is a wonderful everything is hockey dory as these are sand make a least one gym dory play defense why should we like to say to take a share with him gym dory number eight or he was great that's for you Jimmy no look to get any more though i can i get back to my story before you go on with this whole thing about my vacation dates what was i talking about about going to europe or in the winter time is not the time to go i started a little advice to the people out there if you are starting your european vacation there were ever i mean you know i can i don't know the weather and like latin america i have no idea isn't it different like our summer time there are countries in south america that having winter time that's correct so i don't know because the only time i spent in land america was those two days in caracas and i wouldn't go and it wasn't really even two days it was one day in part of another one yeah two i wouldn't go back there if i mean it's like it's like getting lost in a sea of cockroaches man there was just nothing but we all the wall massive numbers of people and those little huts up there in the last one tiniest and a cab driver give me the whole story about how at night time you know all the banditos come down to the downtown and they rob and pillage and rape and loot and all of these uh all of these things etc well it was kind of a scary place caracas and especially when you were the airport it was like a paramilitary operation you know they're all standing with it oozee's under shoulders and um just uh very hostile looking all a military outfits hostile and i thought to myself i'm going to get out of here while i'm still alive and i did but anyway the my point being that um the great time for europe is like April through october all right got it i just told you that's when you plan you next vacation right the rest of the years that's the time you want to go in spring time summer time and early fall october like uh when i was it was a junior July last year the world cup and and uh Berlin yes can be not i'm trying to think about what was i it should be a date that i would mark on my uh tombstone this is a date that this man will never forget as long as he lives but anyway so i'm getting too old even think about that that memories of that uh trip last summer i doubt it means that's not even taking god's name and vain and get gratifying women well i would even need to mention it thank you very much you're welcome bitch anyway i don't want to say that twelve hundred trouble so to pull what we shoot four thirteen was Chris and i said twelve fifty i think i'm going to be right on it man i'm going to be spot on is a British say a lot of it is say that because it comes to beaded or you're spot on god too much of that tea or to think drinking that tea that's just he's pretty tea maybe it's the crumpets or the bad food yeah i think uh lumpet with the crumpets that can't complain about British cuisine because there isn't any speak of that and this is only by accident i said wait in this and i had no idea that i was holding this in my hand or the story either of course in my case it's easy to forget that you're holding it in your hand um authorities are considering taking an eight year old boy who weighs two hundred eighteen pounds and i'm going to tell you they had that technique we both saw it on scene in this morning yeah he could pass for five hundred pounds easy he is just a ball of fat just a big ball of fat you can relate to that i'm sure a Chris huh an eight year old boy weighs two hundred eighteen pounds in a protective custody must his mother improves his diet and they showed him shoveling shoveling side trucking down a he just got there shoving it in there like he was an eaten my sheen man talk about looking for a good my sheen this was an eaten my sheen man just shoving down his post social service officials will meet with family members today to discuss the health of conema credy who weighs more than three times the average for his age the worst case would be congregating taken in the care is well cared for the boys mother and call him a q and tool i tv tv i spoke to him for health officials in wall set north i inside three hundred miles north of London said the hearing was part of a process that could eventually the kind of being taken a protective care she'd applied a comment further maybe they're trying to kill him with food i know people who do things like that or her yeah what is it called i just just checked into see what condition my condition with it no it isn't is that it something like that by the by Kenny Rogers in the first edition i'm reluctant to know condition sixty eight i'm thinking sixty nine sixty eight seven like that well what a memory just dropped it just dropped in uh to see what condition my condition was in and i went all i can and i'm identified oh man i all the son i'm going to grab some here like that girl must got the heat comes for the last couple of years she was on the other day too well at the same time that you grab stifarded stuff got oh man i wonder which one smells better sweet and i'm identified okay smell just the same and i have you wait methane oh god and i did the fight health official squadron time the Sunday times and taking custody of kind of would be the last resort but said the family had repeatedly failed to attend departments with nurses and nutritionists and social workers maybe they could all need for lunch yeah they could meet for a few meals child abuse is not just about hitting your children especially abusing them it's also about neglect the official was quoted as saying doctor calling Wayne director the national obesity forming nottingham was not what was the sheriff of nottingham and robbing the hood wasn't that's right wow what a memory called congresslifestyle extremely dangerous adding his enriske of developing diabetes in his early teens and cardiovascular nervous system problems in his twenties he's really enriske of dying by the time he's not heard man when said doctor Michael marco what's a pediatrician sounds awfully jewish to me agreed i'm not saying they can't care for him but what they're doing is uh through the way they're treating him and feeding him there's slowly killing him he said there's killing over there i'm dying on the hands pudgy piece of turd oh why should we blame him should we blame the parents yes how do parents allow their kids to become and i'd like to see the parents too well they're irresponsible and evil in fact yes well the current case attracted national attention after his mother allowed the ITB news crew to film his day to day life over the course of his month congressmothers said he steals in hides food frustrating her efforts to help him he's double or triple what an normal seven year old would have she said if i didn't give enough at t time then he would just go on and thus all night for snacks and stuff she told ITB she could send me not fit t time i'll follow you guys are getting enough for t time kind of who lives with his mother and sister has difficulty dressing in watch you told ITB she could send me not fit t time i'll follow you guys are getting enough for t time kind of who lives with his mother and sister has difficulty dressing in watching himself misses school regular because the poor health and is targeted by bullies i can't imagine that people pick on us because of my weight they call us fat it makes us feel sick of the nut is always shouting us oh us people pick on us because of my weight i guess when you that big you can be us huh he's talking about the big his royalty in a royalty and it would be no he's talking about the collective him i say it makes us feel sick of the nut is always shouting us he told it the nutters oh no i hate those he's the nutters yeah i remember the butter nutters how come it is that dark folks like butter butter pickan ice cream is so much i was out i'll never if they did they do like people of butter pickan ice cream i have a lot of bread and like friends and they're always ordering it huh no it's just something i made up no i have heard that i've heard that i've heard that it's a little child you know or her 1217 rose maybe we'll have some black people send in a message or two maybe they'll call in and tell us why they like banana or butter but what is it butter pickan okay how pop banana cream pie hmm see what i'm waiting for man is that peel i'm waiting for the peel just like my landlord in serristo the one in city would never die because they'd have the cure before we got that old and i was been dead for many many many years same thing i'm waiting for the peel that you take before you eat and i'm at it's like those phony car blockers they had for a while that was really big and of course it didn't block anything the car blockers yeah i want a i want a i want a food blockers something that just you know no matter what you eat no matter how much of it you eat it's just you don't you get the calories you don't get the carbs and it just kind of like goes right through your sort of speed as long as you stay close to home you know i'm talking about what you don't have to absorb anything hmm and then see that's bad i hate to admit being a pig but i'm i'm a glutton man i'm a glutton for punishment look at this station 1224 votes by the way we got 1250 look Chris told you that's what i said 1250 from the beginning but boy what i was like and i i could like i could need a whole been an acreem pie or chocolate cream pie hmm see i i really and i thought i do those things although i have told you some i've admitted on the air to having some like ice cream episodes yeah that were just obnoxious like a half a gallon i have eaten a half a gallon by scrimmer i'm sure like score score ice cream that's how much are like it put in that microwave you knew could a little bit oh and then then when it gets soft you're eating so much of it you even realize it because it's not like hard work you know like eating hard ice cream it's soft and it goes down easy look comment how do i get started on this with the food i think it was a brand in follow that chinese with a pf chains whatever it is look the manual looks really sensational and then that pizza joint in there inside the gala ria that gourmet pizza place i have no idea what it's called but i bet you if you google the gala ria with the restaurants you'd find out it looks it's huge it's just a huge place you know gigantic huge it's huge it's big any restaurant too for a look at my junior honey that's a popular ass car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car vehicle car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car cars car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car amigos car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car carcar car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car car I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, let's love you sería be here and half a chance, you have a big teeth, you have some credit for me and how sad you are, but friends please, I don't supply my children-without paying aid23, I don't have money so I don't pay money to pay less to the children-overs wage, I don't have my money, I live collateral poor, sorry but my money, I'm SO happy, I'm regretful, sorry but my money, sorry but my money, I'm sorry is scared, sorry but my money, I'm sorry I'm sorry but my money, sorry but my money, sorry but my passion I'm sorry but my money, sorry I There you go. And out of my 34th anniversary on Thursday, come on up here play it because I enjoy that. Yeah. I'm out on enjoy the fact that he's alive or that he did that, but I just enjoy hearing it once and say, wait, wow, he's been realized how much pain you're writing and some people. Not too many, but I still have a little bit of my sanity life. Even as fighting Norbert Kent, you see what I have to contend with, I'm glad that I read it all on the ear. He didn't do that with any. He didn't communicate with me about it and that. He just had their listening because he's got too much time out of his hands, Norma. And so if he, all of a sudden, starts bugging Joe Bell and how come you're not doing this? And how can you know, I didn't make any call to Norbert Kent. I don't want to get involved, you know. He creates crises. He creates negativity. I don't want all this external negativity in my life. Okay. You follow what I'm saying? What do you say? Screw him. Norbert Kent, the crap, okay, and all that did about promotion and what are you doing? Quit trying to be a big shot, okay? Trying to show off. Everybody who's ever been on the ear for five minutes or more has indicated on 800 stations at least. And I'm sitting here on the station and I can't even get the internet working. And, you know, making a couple of bucks, I have no complaints. Everything is fine. I have to sit in Georgia as an image of place in the gallery. Thanks Brandon. He's really food intensive today. He must know that place. Now he probably looked it up. P.S. Any Georgia. And it looks phenomenal. I mean, I have no idea whether it's good or not. And, you know, we could take some calls and maybe we'd find out or not. 238 votes on the pool. I won't vote for a present. So candidate who was a member of the Bush family, 759, 61.2% of all the votes. Don't want no mold bush. The genocide. See, come present and push out the genocide. Now I'd say, I like that. Get that spot on again 100 times a hour. I have no prejudices against anyone who runs under 11. Boy, talk about broadminded 9% of the audience. Oh, there's Jake Gillin Hall now. See, do not let him in the tent out there again in the woods or what? I like Jake Gillin Hall. He's all right. I think he's too narrow. Who was it? Was it Gremlins? He was in. Oh, that was that Gilligan. I get all right. All these punk's confused. What was he in before? Broke ass mounting. Gilligan Hall. He was going to die. He died. He died. He died. Oh, sorry. I won't vote for president. So candidate who's a Republican 105. Good thinking. Black 40, woman 36. That kind of like nudges itself out when it out, nudo it out. I hate this full 35. I've only 2.8% good poll. Nice job. Thank you, Charlie B. A Jew 34. Gay 32. How about a gay Jew? I'm running. 23. His fanick 17. It litred 15. Kind of like our current president. Yeah, he sends me nuclear. A.A.S. 10. obese A9, a smoker A.A. Past regular 3. And physically disabled out of 12.41 votes only one. Solomon de uno. So Tom, the uno. Let's get really linguistic on and show what do you say. Yeah. I don't know what it is, but I think it's a normal kid. I'm going to be running to the room and I'm in during this next break. Wow. What's that all about? Really? Yeah. Choices calling. What are you laughing about? I'm just telling you, man. It's one of those days that I know it is. Maybe it's kind of like overflow. I have no idea what's going on in my sense. I know it's easy. Well, I think I might actually take the break early. How do you like that? Wow. It's richer, might think my mother. Alright, everybody. This is a special song for all of us. Bat. Our ends of our song. Now go to the cupboard and grab a bag. I got you. Of the reels and that's a fun. Bat. People got no reason to fat people got no reason to fat people got no reason to fat people got no reason to feel guilty. We've got job in hands. Big bad eyes. Big bad bad little sagging, way past our eyes. Two and three and a chance. Six to ten rolls. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. Don't want no no kind of being. Don't want no fat people being. Don't want no scared of people bound it. We've got job in hands. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. We have to take a picture just to look at our heel. We have to take a picture just to look at our toes. I'm running at the computer story. That's not going to make much more space. Yes. How many trips? I'm looking at the Отp to get caught. How many trips are there in the house? three that's a certain staggering it was something all right I can't get staggered I'm a good part I said I bet your staggered I am staggering I'm sitting here like I I's a like yeah I'm like a pinball machine properly I'm not a team hot that's why those things you know I think yeah I think it's probably all the garbage that I ate Sunday all that candy that was eaten down there all whatever who knows probably maybe it was all that food talk you know I could have done two in fact I don't think I'm even close to being done here's your not yet exactly 1252 votes we got our 1250 Chris and you're proud that's that 1250 okay let me take it that next break a little bit early too when you come right down how's that possible where did this come from I think it's normal can't induce this is what I think could be wrong maybe I'm on the way out to what and everything I could not to where you think you're having your your death movement now all know it's been no that believe me that's going to be a lot worse than this I think nature takes its course nothing I can do about it nothing sub-roza about nothing I'm decent or I've seen it's just the life I think the Lord plans to go that he's a this is a this is a this is a bastard the Lord is what he is that's why some of us wake up in the morning and we're looking to hear and say oh geez there's something ludicrous about the attempt by the was motoring a rectifier this way the world of the simple but devastating roadside bomb or i.e. the improvised explosive devices a highly developed weapon require Iranian expertise here's the official police report of one i.e. the attack it reads it about a 25 a.m. a hundred men of the x-regiment with the colonel in charge march with their band from military barracks at wide their rifle range by a fixed route when the doctor places the landmine exploded killing three outright and only twenty two others three of these died shortly afterward the mine was connected to electric battery about about 150 yards of cable was glad that the world he too many of the following of this outrage this is fairly typical of a roadside bomb it might have happened in a wreck yesterday except it didn't the i.e. the question is for the town of yukhal and county court on June 21st 1921 England i have it over the world Irish constant vocabulary about the island's indifference i have it over the world Irish can stay with the report on this because i was born 29 years later about two miles away from the site i.e. these have not changed much in the decades it followed they've been used everywhere from cyclists to Vietnam they're cheap and easy to make and they are not even a single person the came as a nasty shot to the incoming u.s. soldiers who invaded Iraq in 2003 because there was so well equipped to fight to Soviet army and work in military procurement long ago the tenses for meal conditions on the battlefield and only two thousand four i met some u.s. combat engineers or sappers charred with a lethal job of finding these bombs which were nicknamed convoy killers because the Pentagon was in a state of denial about their very existence the sappers had received no training and locating them a sergeant told me that he obtained with great difficulty in old but still valid u.s. army handbook printed during the Vietnam more about i.e. these the book had been re-usured because to do so might appear to contradict the Pentagon's line that Iraq was not like Vietnam the u.s. army's pretending that explosively formed penetrators are a new form of weapon that could only have been obtained in Iran it claimed last week that the so called e.f. peas have been supplied to the issue they were doing each other and doing the sheep they were doing anything that was a warm you know wasn't a sex scene it wasn't a love scene it was a rap scene other Susan that i think i'm having my own body ruling or whether to have a winner to discuss this further here will keep you posted all right thanks a lot Susan that's my good lady friend right there in front of the district court of appeals and brown 154 votes on the pool owners uh... that was a pardilla or he used to be hoes a pardilla the ability as he supposedly learned and and al-Qaeda training manual hearing underway in my amy will determine whether for the uh... and two co-dependent the president and he's taking me to the company what about our president he's taking me to the company's i think he has to act act natural like the beetle said act natural is what they said did the beagles is that's all of them would say the beagles well the good part of it is that everything seems to be calm and cool and collecting you have to worry about emergency take over here last couple minutes and what's the story technically i don't want to get about what about this uh... internet thing are we i mean we work in fine we've had by the way a hundred and thirty two drop out of the way we have it yes we have no we have we are streaming on the right again hundred and thirty two is what it's said everything's working for a uh... hundred and thirty two and it was twenty nine for a very long time it kind of calm down like my stomach and all of a sudden just like my stomach is just spastic and i don't like that spastic or he's not and it's for a man i don't think i'd like that and that's a lot of the way you talk about a lot of man hundred thirty two drop out the thing over here is that is a door now all the way you know that's a blank boxes there would know doesn't and no clock and what you just say to me they're working on it is that what you say everything's fixed what you talking about so for a fifty four so i think twelve fifty was a pretty good guess where so i think uh... you know we hit the jack yeah i know that we had a simultaneous uh... and you grab whatever that is i won't vote for a presidential candidate who's a member of the bush family seventy fifty seven sixty one percent no mass with a bush is moving the person what is that you get it no i guess it depends on what they're smoking a past drug user three or physically disabled still develop하다 up wife Dan Looks like they're quite the ropes guys Now's from the body roll balls Barbara Bush has body tailed my eyes Those other eyes are now You're happy when she's alive She raised for criminal clouds Barbara Bush has body tailed my eyes And she said, oh, the crab meat And she raised for five to five days She could trowel us and take that great silver And they'd want us to stay like nobody What's like he's married in a golden golden queen A size and hat for money, tell me now She's at the face of gold I've got things always behind me She's way more than she thought Barbara Bush has body tailed my eyes She gave us your point And yet Bush has the passion me And she My red boys