Camille! Now, 560W, you A-A presence of the Q-A-M-Rode crew! Not a 60-0 here! Here's people, and the Q-A-M-Rode crew! I am sorry I can't get to your goals right now. I'm a little busy picking up this trash here, and I'm excited to roll. You talkin' to D-Fo, oh, just a little dignity here. That's what everybody loves about U-D-Fo, and it's not lookin' busy here comes this group with. Hey! We ain't runnin' a social club here! Get back to work! Get back to work! Hey, you're a serialist! Yeah, maintainin' a little dignity here. That's what everybody loves about U-D-Fo, and it's not lookin' busy here comes this group with. Hey! We ain't runnin' a social club here! Get back to work! Get back to work! You're a serialist! You're a serialist! You're a serialist! You're a serialist! When you don't stand in a mouthful, you see, twice? Oh, I am, but you're a serialist! You like bits, don't you? Why, you're a serialist! Get back to him! And break those rocks to people! That's it! Stop breaking, stop breaking! Don't be bald! Yeah, think of that type of ass! It's got duty here! Get off him! But I am, do you want to? What? What? You know, it seems what we have here is a failure to communicate. I know I saw that too. I said I have deep mouth! Listen up, that's today! You may have been a big shot! But today, you're my big! And I looked up the road! Okay, I looked down the road! See any cars comin'! No! You're a big sportsman, right? Oh, you know, right? Good! Yeah! Have a think of the car! Okay! Hurry! Faster! Faster! Come on! Faster! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Ten nineteen and five sixty-wf. So this is shocking! Did you read this at the bottom of my road? Yes, that's not really... Every word of that, yes. Somebody facts us in the Daily Pulse. Say it ain't so Joe, is the headline? On the year Wednesday morning, meaning last Wednesday, NBC Six Sports Anchor and Dolphins Color Comitator Joe Rose commented on Car and what he said wasn't pretty, right Bob Norman? When a color mentioned something about the difference between light-skinned and dark-risk skin black women on Rose's morning drive radio show on 790 the ticket, Rose entoned, that's interesting for us, or isn't it? Rose entoned that he preferred lighter-skinned black women whom he termed red bones than darker-skinned black women or chocolates. And then he added that it's his understanding that most black men feel the same way. Now this is breaking his our right-this Bob Norman says the cruel geophones attorney Jack Thompson who gave national fame fighting up sending the in Howard Scurren his contact to the end of the OECP about the comments and Howard Times reported Elgin Jones is digging in the matter. He went and said, don't know how red bones are more difficult than dark-neighbones said about the in the woods. You know, those words could be said that they're stupid and hurtful and double like this. This is unacceptable. Absolutely. I have to give you confidence on the way in high-saving a little about. And then he would do something about on the radio. So, the government says that we're not going to meet with Thompson. Every question Martin, you're this against this where I do. This is something I can't paint. We're more so far based on the memory of those who heard the note taken. The surface of the red bones is requested to grab a completely radio station. It's one of the kind of organization managers. It's been a certain time to try and make sure that the water in this radio on the sure right spot for me to be Howard new times magazine. I've never heard that term before my life. Well, red bones are so off-cylinder. I've never heard that term before. I've never heard that term before. I don't want to like that. I don't want to like that. Have you tried to keep our notes clean or unless they're too soon? Right, though. Let's just dance on the grave from the sidelines. Better better than I never heard that term. I've never heard that term before. Of course, personal friends have decided to start with me and with us over here. And maybe a little bit more time over there. Good. Are you going to get started now? I don't want to like that. Never less. Let's see. What we are waiting for. We're waiting for you. It's all in today. Q. Hi, sir. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. How are you going to do Toka Stake in Shake? You're 16 burgers and 1 trucks on 22ers of fries. Don't ever give an order like that again. Because it's unlikely you would get anyone cheated in the first time. What was she to talk about this? Yes. It's stupid fact that we can't lie. My clothes. It kind of bulk as they have animate must give me but like that's unusual for a fast-food drivers and 14 shakes. The worst to me. Always have another you have an order like that. Because it's unlikely you'll get any of what you ordered about what they said. I love why. These levels of food and when these don't come around by boy, you go to Parents and raise your money. It's like a twice in a bloody and nice, you better go in that bag and that sack and you drive away and make damn sure it's They will inject it, flip it around a little bit in the food too That only knows what stuff we in that sack But boy, you always inspect your sack when you drive away from them That's nice, you better go We might actually do a 775 on a pole now, you might make a I don't think so, you eject it because we only have a mirror to it when we have hours until Marlon is baseball time Thanks for going to be on after tomorrow on Gintel 7, talking about 8k 799. That's our pristine on Christmas That's the old queen, that's my old one. I mean like the last 10 years, what is QM's best morning show? 770 and I'm just taking Chris's word for it because he's the he's our link to the sports mafia at QA in baseball time Thanks for that Well, I thought I'm pretty sure the show was about the time we came on nine years and whatever Three months ago, whatever It was already people when the guilty and the What is loom of log bear wrote and his red bone when this is word for because he's the He's our live. I don't know why that I have no idea what even that's the name what is that mean What does that mean I guess I did google I was He like hi, I will be and I don't want to get into log bear wrote Let's start talking about Mexican It's been okay over the last 10 years what QM's best morning show they all suck That's What does that mean? Howard Stern Hint that's that turn me get up that's those funny bed up on I don't know said in the can Let's start talking about Mexican I was straight one through five He's by the way, we had a picture of that since just 175 that's the second first in the E.F. George and guilty Howard And you and six was Dave Alongs me He's had a full I hate this pull 46 that's five hundred nine percent Low and young only twenty eight What you read up something and now we got a dead dead flat He's tied He's dead He's dead He's dead I got a finger He's got a finger My best to give my nose I'm going to go guilty I think writing like a potato for one of us Not sure That's 75 That's a good price I would say Okay Probably Friday What are you saying? I don't know Big I can see my noodles of money I've been able to handle it with money Yeah, I didn't actually go on I got a figure it is I'm going to do my best today My nose is correct We can go Saturday and then go Sunday Friday, Friday, Friday, Friday I was killed for the time on a weekend We get old and feeble and seen all the money It's twenty-three Everything they call sometimes good I'm trying to tell you about that You got one You get to be my age Just trying I'm going to go to the money I'm going to do that I'm watching I just didn't get any money I know why because it's boring It's really boring A lot of weekends I'll go Saturday I'll go Saturday and you play the dollar We'll go for your slots In just a month of weekend It's just isn't boring If you just I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I mean, that's not just I thought you got less poverty In this case, you go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I might have to do a double head of the make-up for you I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar I'm going to go to the dollar it's not called by a it's not the holiday I thought it was falling off the line. Here is a fact that says, from somebody who's going to be really crying, somebody in Monroe County, no one, somebody in the keys, says, Neah heard the roasting last week. He was just saying he preferred red bones over darker women. I prefer blondes with big boobs, so what? Also, he said he finds most black athletes, not black men, preferred red bones over darker chicks. Oh, that makes it all better. All he was doing, all he was saying, you, you mean a piece in the tents? All he was doing was saying his own preference, Fragon Riders got nothing better to do than make something of nothing. See, this is why I disagree with whoever wrote this, who doesn't understand. It wasn't Bob Norman, who created the big Timis about it. It was the local self-appointed, the hot shot and curl cables, who's all over. He's the local self-appointed, censor, and software to radio. Whether it's this show, the Howard Stern show, the Joe Roach show, the Hank Goldberg show, you pick it you name it. He's going to listen to him, what's not the nice? Obviously, I've got way too much time on his hands. So he wanted to play Bob Norman's or what he hit. It was the local self-appointed, the hot shot and curl cables, who's all... Howard Stern show, the Joe Roach show, the Hank Goldberg show, you pick it you name it. He's going to decide what you're going to listen to, what's not the nice? Obviously, I've got way too much time on his hands. So he wanted to play Bob Norman, or what he hit, but I've placed a blame, or I know exactly where it lies, and it's not the new, it's the same. I mean, I've 20 years of this I've hit, 20 years. And we just keep going on. Jonathan and plantation, 237 Drapas, and he must've thought I was kidding about that. I'm not that's on our feed, we're trying to, anybody's trying to listen online out there. We apologize, but how would you want to start a week out without a Monday morning like this, a QAM, right? You see, I'm convinced now, be on the shadow of a doubt, that they just don't care. You know what I mean? Yeah. I mean, I'm not saying that Jalea Joe Bell is standing there to win the wave in the white hankier, whatever. Maybe it was left over from our quiver. He's waving a white flag at the window. We just surrender, we give up. I'm not talking about to the guys across the street. I'm just talking about in general, we give up. We give up, we give, like, you know, little kids playing, you know. And post the late the same time on the screen there. Oh, well, I'm just hoping you miss it the first time. It gets here the second time. I go online right now, man. And I keep the radio up loud, too, that way here are three times for the first of none. What? It's three times as good when you hear me three times. It's three times as good. It's three times as good. I can do it too. If, in fact, what I'm going to do is going to repeat everything three times. It'll kill two hours in the 16 minutes, not that I'm counting until I pregame show. It says, Neil, I put the ad in the trades for you. Feel free to have the engineering person ever move from the building. So, Jonathan and plantation. Wow. We don't have, see, we have engineers taken out of the building if we have an agent. But we don't. We got, we got some people passing themselves off. So, who told you that? That's the, the pre delay and the post delay. And we actually heard on, uh, courtesit is laptop. So, staff and everybody else was checking around. It should be fine now. Oh, it should be fine. Oh, yes. Oh, we're fine. We're fine. Alright. Spile on his hand. It sounds like, you're not going to believe this. I mean, George knows because he just thinks this to me. I cannot believe it. I got the thing on my, I got a email. I think it was yesterday. From my bright and high school alumni thing, which I didn't go to bright and high school by went to bright and elementary. So, somehow I got long time ago. We got on their website, you know. Because a lot of the kids that went to elementary school went to bright and high before I moved away to beautiful Canon dig when the earth. But anyway, so Barbara Sloan had said, I said, I'd suddenly, you know, I'm wondering, can't be the same Barbara Sloan that we knew from Channel 6 for it. I hope not. I don't, I don't think so. I don't know. You know, I mean, I looked in the Herald and the Sun Sun. I'm hoping not. But anyway. Dahl fan Denny is dead. Oh, no, that's bad. Don't be doing that. It says, Dahl fan Denny may not have been as level as the first dolphins mascot. Flip or, oh, flip or I wonder if Luke Kampot was the first dolphins mascot. Oh, if they didn't told me that, I'd have been a big fan. But he made plenty of waves in the stands and on the sidelines as the earth dolphin fans into a frenzy for nearly 34 years. And inspired even even had his own drop in on the show, Dahl fan Denny, which I'm sure I can find eventually. Dahl fan Denny is dead. Dahl fan Denny, Dennis Sim died Friday from kidney disease and cancer he was 72. Flip ball was his life in his work too, said his wife of eight years, ingried Sim from their home in Sarasota. He loved the dolphins for the very end. In 66, the dolphins in our girl season, Sim attended games wearing rhinestone cover to tire and resort the fans to cheer. He was working for Bell South Sim said of her husband. He had had to make the decision to work or do something he loved in football. A decade later, team owner Jorabi began paying dolphin Denny and on the will feed to be the team's unofficial mascot. You know, like a few said a game. But third man. Sim retired in 2000 was honored by the dolphins for 34 years of service. He was given a double V Dodge Ram pickup truck. As retirement president. I didn't know Dahl fan Denny had double V's. Former dolphins president Tim Robby said Sim was part of the show. One, your crack and knuckles again. It's bad. Yes. I've just dropped the judges that dolphin Denny is. Bit the dust. One of the reasons he became a sideline. Naskot. So the speaker was he was getting in people's way in the stands dressing up and with those big banners. Robby said that the chuckle. His heart was in it. The obviously was a true die hard fan. Ingrid Sim said him a moral service is planned for the way he did. So anyway, Denny Sim, dolphin Denny is dead. 237 drop out. So it stopped there at 237. Let me refresh it again. Okay. Just to make sure that anybody who's trying to desperately listen online isn't going through all kinds of psychotica still 237. That's a good sign. Not a bad sign. Or as noodles would say. Good time for the great take. If he could. Neil, this is noodles. Reminding you that it's always a good time. For the great take. By the way, if you go to the country kitchen on Sterling Road in Hollywood, you won't see great video waiting tables anymore. Noodles is taken as place waiting the tables. Greg is washing the dishes back in the kitchen. A little bit of a come down, but never less. At least that way he doesn't, you know, then have to put on that kind of embarrassing when you've been a big radio star. And he never wasn't a big radio star. Just that all the people that used to write about radio. Remember those days when we had people in newspapers would write about radio? No. Well, yeah, it's long time ago. Maybe four year time. But they were a chance with Greg Beedell for whatever reason. Did he ever have any numbers? And he following all the audience? No, but he did for whatever reason. They loved Greg Beedell. And then I started picking on because I found out that he was extremely sensitive. And he was paranoid and thought that everybody hated him. And then we found out that they did. Oh, not, that can't be true, Greg. Now, what's the latest that we heard on Greg Beedell? Is he back on the year somewhere again? One of those like 41 stations or what? I don't know. See, I wish everybody in the business, you know, look. Almost everybody. In the business. 800. 30 votes on the poll over the last 10 years. What is QM's best morning show? 830 on the poll. We'll make a thousand easy. Because we got two hours of minutes to go. Who's counting? They all sucked. I'm pretty good. They all sucked. Howard Stern 144, even with all the cheesy poofs in it. The second first team. Delpho. Joe Rosenville, 113. Forwell. 110. Scott forwell. Ah, ah, ah, ah. The original first team on a one which we think is Dave Le Manson to be syphilis for nobody seems to know work here. Hank 68. I hate this poll. 50. That's 6% more on guilty. 28. Not a good number. At all. Don't do it. 28. And then Kenny and both finally edge the head by one. They got 14 votes and Vivo Gellie the broad the other guy. 13. In that desperate battle for last place. Get baby. Hey, ready to hear. That he dreams for Uncle Mikey's Double Talk school. That's right. A school of double talk with all Uncle Mike. You ever have those embarrassing social situations where you just don't know what to say. You know, words fill you. Well, Uncle Mike he can help by teaching you to say half as much in twice a time. With half the brain power. Who we do see our embarrassment by 50%. You're lonely being embarrassed half as much. Because instead of thinking about food something to say. You only got to think of one something. Maybe only half as something or something like that. You know, you need a girl and you say, you look lovely. Then instead of thinking about another clever line, you just say, fine, fine. How lovely you look. It's simple, it's painless. Best of all we have easy payment package plans. We get package plans at the School of Double Talk. Where is this place you ask? Well, I'm glad you asked. By the last one place. I lost my place, but I got to keep talking. Because we don't do retakes. We don't do no retakes at WIO and D. I remember, uh, old Mr. Eagle there used to blow his nose. I just made like a couple of his spots there. That kind of old ladies. Ah, here it is. Here it is. Part N01, North Bay, cause way of beautiful North Bay village. That's the old, mighty double-talk school. That's the school of Double Talk. 10, 3, 5, 6, 6, WQM. Good guy, man. He's, uh, he's, He's, he's, so the fish is not, but he was a good guy. I can't say that every time we talk about it. And because he was, he was, uh, badly misunderstood just like Alan Burke, you know. See a lot of people think because they listen to somebody on the radio that they, they know, or you know, more somebody on TV. They know something about them, which they don't, you know. The ringer is a good guy. I want to find out what their red ball means. WQM, hello. Good George, be in it. Okay, I charge, be in the same old time. See, one thing I'm, I think it over the weekend, cause I had way too much time in my hands this weekend. Way too much. And this thing with the phone calls. This is another jolly Joe Bell business where he's, you know, he kept telling me in the beginning. I just, you know, I just want to leave you alone. You know, you're great. I'm up above the bond. Just why do you up and let you go. And I mess with your show. But of course, every chance he gets, it's like, oh, you know, the way you treat the wood, the colors. That's, you know, the most important part of the show that, that we those calls, you know, the call suck, okay, Joe. What you know about this show, or about talk radio, I put in a symbol and have room for your fan asked 15 times left over in there, okay? What you know about radio and programming a talk radio, anyway, you can, you can put all those dropouts in there. And believe me, and our engineering department, that's about all we got is dropouts. Am I right? Look how great we were doing without the name called. So I was kicking ass man. I had all my bedtime stories here. We were sitting in confabulated bomb. I'm talking about his firing. Yeah, oh, yeah. That's right. I want to read the newspaper. I'll be getting a paper. WQA and hello. Hey, Neil, I just want to tell you the best way you'll die out there. Okay, great. And line nine, we know what it is every time, anyways. See, there's nothing on there anyhow. I mean, red bone, that's something I would think that these people might know something about all, but probably like me and you, and they never heard of it in their lives. Okay. I guess maybe we'd have to call Joe Rosenboss. Yeah, red bone, my ass. 850, 850, and vote for me. We're going to have close to nine hundred by the top of the tower. And we got two hours and three minutes to go until like Marlon's pregame show. That should be a real ratings builder man. Oh, yeah. We, that should put us right over the top, but maybe like about a one share. WQA and hello. Yes, sir. How you out about red bones? Yeah. Getting here is a good high set of band red bone on American band 10. And they were native Americans and did clock out and they said it means half free. Yeah. Yeah. I see. Some of us kind of like a Barack Obama have white and half of a black, right? I guess. You guess. Oh, he looks, I mean, you know, like that brother was under with the culper that was a culper. Yes. He wasn't really black and all right. That was on her 40. I was going to say he made a monkey out of her, but then again, so we don't say that. Make something. It would be out of work. You said, I heard you say it. I heard you say it. I know you went something racist by the, you know, this is, this is the deal, you know, when the, when the entire radio industry in the least in South Florida is controlled by one person who's got way too much time on his hands. And we just, I'll say they were on on pins and needles waiting to hear something you get agitated about. This is what you people have got. That's why, you know, we had the stern debacle on this station. That's why we had the feral debacle on this station. And that's why we basically can't say crap anymore. Because these people are like, you know, they're scared of their own shadow. Oh, gee, you knew I was playing fart noises again. Oh, what are we going to do now? Oh, yeah, the sky's falling. I still think the, the, the go back to the oldies, man. It's this way to do it. Safe. Sure. You can't even go into flying saucy the other day. That was, that was great radio man. It was by some red boat. You all hear that on that. We could play little red bone crawl, the red bone, the women lovers out there for Joe Rose. There we go. I worry, what exactly do we start from? That's not it. That's really interesting. When you see, like on some of those informers, you know, for time life hits of the 50s or 60s, whatever. And you see groups or recording artists that you never saw before. Sometimes you thought that they were black and it turns out they were white or vicey-versy. And then sometimes turns out they were red bone. Yeah. I could have sworn Mundo Jerry would fly. Oh, we'd push over, push over. But nevertheless, WQA and hello. QA and. I mean, oh, yeah. Okay, sir. I'm on Friday on the pole was never the lift. Oh, get out of here, Friday on a pole. Get lost. Nevertheless, my ass. Yeah, let's go back and we do Friday's full. I got one for Friday's full again. Yes, well, like I said about this today is a test case for me on these. You, you people are on probation today. This is definitely a test case with these calls. You know, I need these calls like I need hemorrhoids. I don't need, you know, I've been doing this long enough. 150 years. I can come in here blindfolded with my hand side behind my back and my legs tied together with the toes and then do four hours. When you've been doing it long enough, man, you know how to do it. And the idea that these idiots, these love reading moron and even him, I thought he, I'm sure he thought he had something to say. Don't you? Yeah, I always think somebody's going to have something to say about them. I'm talking about him when he made that call. Yeah, sure. I thought he had something to say that either I might be interested in or anybody in the human race or subhuman race. My favorite is didn't hearing nobody wants to hear what you just said. Sir, nobody, but nevertheless, don't ever call this show again. In fact, you may have been the last caller until this next one. QA and hello. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Do you think they got to scutters show about this? Yeah. Ah, ha. WQA and hello. Good afternoon. Good evening. Okay. Plan or see what you did. A chicken show was weak. I missed it. Ha ha ha. WQA and hello. WQA and hello. Mr. I just please. Yes, speaking sir. This is a meal. Who is it then? Who is it? No, I'm sorry. Let me say something you ran off the bat. Okay. When you call this number, there is nobody else going to answer it. Okay. So the idea that you're going to insult me by giving me a song. This isn't meal. Who the hell do you think it is? George Washington, George Washington, Carver. Oh, I'm here. What do you got for us? Say something for Chris. First of all, I was really surprised that someone knew noodles besides me. I'm ready for food. Okay. Good. Well, I'm happy for you. WQA and hello. This is meal. This is great. It is great. I'm going to do this all the time. I got my whole pile here. Oh, it's a long week. It's a Monday to Tuesday. I'm going to do this every day. This happened last week. We have a strong Monday as they say. It was really strong. And as Tuesday, you can buy a cake. That's another thing you've to see on it. Yeah. First team all the time. Oh, boy, that was really strong. The George by you. You know, really strong. Some jackass would call up and make some stupid ass comment about a dumb ass ball game. Oh, that was really strong. Wasn't deep. That was really strong. Here we go. And now we got him fired up today. Big time. This is your probationary period. Okay. You got like an hour and forty 58 minutes. But who's counting? WQ weigh in. Hello. Hey, I was wondering if you think that the bill was in guys as a chance in the election. But guess. WQ weigh in. Hello. And the only thing that says that's champion in the palm room. WQ weigh in. Hello. He's hearing. How about some strong. Now got. WQ weigh in. Yeah. I like red bone too. Now that you do. Ha ha ha. Keeping off any reservation, baby. Yeah. Yeah. Just speaking of people. That guy sounds like a real. Yeah. Yeah. Don't be picking on a red man. Now, okay. Hope you've had peace pipe out and come after you with it. You got to pipe. You got to have them booze in arrows. Or maybe you'll just say you're someone in can't do sticks. Some of them. Think he said that. Probably with the worms in him. WQ weigh in. Hello. Hey, Neil. I think the one number three. No. Okay. Good. WQ weigh in. Hello. Yeah. I'll read. I want to give Susan great. You know, it's nobody in the world has any idea who it is. And believe me, talk about swishful thinking. WQ weigh in. Hello. Yeah. What do you think about tomorrow? I don't. WQ weigh in. Hello. Yeah. Hello. Yeah. There's a Q on. Sir, what did I just say when I answered you? I said Q a M. What does that sound like? Q a M. Yes. Leo. Okay. Okay. Well, congratulations. Give it away. WQ weigh in. Hello. Zero. Yes, sir. My going. Man. For the other guy that just got right. WQ A M. Hello. Do all of my calls have 30. WQ A M. Hello. I'll get happy for them to. Q A M. Hello. Yeah. Can I speak to the man? Ha ha ha ha. I'll ride. Right. Now we're talking. 872 votes on his pool. Yeah. I'm just in the mood for this today. Man, I want to go through at least 40. 50,000 these calls between now and the 12.50. Why not? Why not? What? Huh? Why not? We might have just 10 colors, but we'll have 40. 50,000 calls. That's okay. Keep them off the street. It's a pubic service for us. I know extra charge, man. Still only 237 dropouts on our streaming. So far, so I guess we must. We must have the biggest by now. We must have it like this. Over the last 10 years, what is Q A M's best morning show? They all suck to 197. Wow. That's almost a quarter of all of those. Howard Sprurma 154. The second first team, VFO, Joe Rosen, Galdi 120. For row 118. The original first team on 07, which we still, you know, whatever you say it is. Hank 71, I hate this pool 54, mirror 6.1 percent. Moan Galdi, boy, you talk about a drop off only 31. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. And then it's say really desperate life and death battle for last place. Kenny and Bow morning show 14. That's the hysterical Kenny and Bow morning show. Which I must miss the lot of those punch lines but man there's a lot of laughter on that show. Kenny and Bow 14 and holding up the rear, Defogulty, the broad and the other guy only 13. The Neil Roger show. If this is your going, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Any questions? And now here is Kenny Vee, founder of Kenny Veeing Pork Sausage, with a few words about new Kenny Veeing Vabel Sanctions. Hello, I'm Timidine. You know, if someone had told me 25 years ago that I'd be making bagels, I'd have said, huh? That's due food, isn't it? But times have changed and I guess I've got to change with them. But I don't have to like it. You people want your bagels, I'll give you your bagels. With a big old greasy slab of Timidine pork sausage, Johnny. New Timidine non-coachier bagels sandwiches. If you're Jewish, you can buy them. You just can't eat them. New Timidine bagels sandwiches. There's a little bit of big, every bite. It's 11 o'clock at 5, 60WQA. Here's a fact that says, how come I got a new schedule again, by the way, is there something revised that we didn't know about? There was a new schedule in the box. I don't ask questions. I would just forward them along. Looks like the same old crap I had before. Otherwise the rumor I'm starting now is the Marlon Games 11-15. Woo! Yeah, that's what I'm thinking. Anyway, oh, University Dodge again. You think, you know, it's just amazing to me. I sure hope there's some cars down the road there. Or up the road where Ben Hele did. Because they've sure spent a lot of time in fact in that scrap. It says somewhere along the line I believe, Steve Shapiro was part of the worst team. You know, Shappy? Hey, Shappy! Shappy, my ass. Steve Shapiro. Slappy? Slappy, Shappy. 898, we're going to go over 900 during this assignment on, oh, brother on our pool. And then we got 1000 in the bag and a sack and that big old sack, baby. Do you hear what he said? He said sack. I don't know what he meant by that. Yeah. As in sack of crap. Red ball. I mean, everything is a big deal. Okay. What did he mean by that? And everybody's got to be all on it, you know? Because one guy's got too much time on his hands. That's what it's all about. I think that's what I'm going to do the rest of my life. I'm going to declare myself the self-appointed sensor. And if I don't like something or I find some reason to get all Ben out of shape with it, I'm going to make a big stink about it. How do you like that? Yeah, stink. I'm an ethicist that just decided. Our free speech case is divided present in bush from key supporters of his base. As many religious rights groups have joined the ACA, you know, there's a defending the rights of high school students at Article, and yesterday's New York Times says, in fact they just haven't here on CNN only moments ago. The case which will be argued in front of the Supreme Court today is open at unexpected fishery. You know, fisher is like something you have in your act, though. Yeah. An opening. The issue of the international administration and its usual allies on conservative Christian supporters, Linda Greenhouse says, you're going to be interested in this story. You know, the one this is all about. The one hits for Jesus. Oh, yeah. On the surface, Joseph Frederick's dispute with his principal Deborah Morris at the Juno Douglas High School in Alaska five years ago, appeared to have a little of anything to do with religion Greenhouse rights. As the Olympic tour to his carried through the streets of Juno, on its way to the 2002 Winter Games in Salt Lake City, and his TV cameras focused on the scene, Frederick and some friends unforall the 14 foot long banner with the inscription, Bong hits for Jesus. Oh, right. Smoke a May Fat One for the Lord, man. Pass it around. The principal tour down the sign after Frederick initially refused her to man to remove the banner and suspended him for 10 days. The Bush administration ended the case on the side of the principal end of Juno's school board, Greenhouse knows of course on the side of the fanges and intolerance and all the other crap and stupidity. Buck Greenhouse continues while it's hardly surprising to find the ACLU and the National Coalition against censorship on Frederick's side. It is the array of briefs and organizations that litigate and speak on behalf of General A Conservative Christian groups that slipped in Morris versus Frederick out of the realm of the ordinary. The groups include the American Center for Long Justice founded by the Reverend Pat Robertson, the Christian Legal Society and the Alliance Defense Fund, the Walthy for Institute which is participated in many religion cases before the court, and Liberty Legal Institute, a nonprofit law firm dedicated to the preservation of First Amendment rights and religious freedom. The Institute based in Plano text to told the justices in its brief that it was greatly concerned that the religious freedom of students and public schools were redamaged if the court rules for the school board. Religious freedom of students and public schools, what is Bong hits for Jesus? I see this woman a fat one for the Lord, right. Is that religion? That was all about same craft, that's the common to call a crap hola. Douglas Raycock at the University of Michigan Law School and the Thirty Unconstitutional which is... And authority on John Paul's Commission. And authority on John Paul's Commission. And authority. But where did you say? I'll think we're religion. We've worked on the Liberty Legal Institute's brief said that religious slaves are in students often find the atmosphere in public school to be unwell-coming and feel themselves a dissident and excluded minority. Good, problem and drip. He said either the status of being a citizen, you know, this isn't some either side. Will you calm down, take a pill for Christ's sake? I read that story again. We'll have a fat one for Jesus. I'm not reading that story. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, nothing to do, no, no, no, we, thank you, thank you, no, no, no, no. When did come to I am one day? What do you do to boys, Bobby, you've been working hard for gonna read your gues about Saturday with the horrific news and go ahead. Let me know when All Lady Vorteil aborted be to the overtime issues and looking around, do what you do when you've come to the house of the job. I haven't known which one you're talking about. I'm trying to carry a weed as the send majority leaders are less time I checked. I'll be Carlos. Thanks for your expertise. I haven't heard this six votes down the pool. It's first of that guy, you know, like that congress guy from Illinois is there wants to be president or from Illinois's. That guy, that guy that kind of like a red bone guy. WQA and ho. So, well. Yes, sir. I'm not the nurse this time. You're just going to be dealing about red bone. I mean, who's concerned about the cell? The scrum. WQA and ho. QA and ho. WQA and ho. QA and ho. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. This is the exact same thing happened to me when I had a midnight special. Uh, even here. I was watching. I said, that song, where is the quality? It's the same as song. And I really, yeah. It's one of those songs that I never really thought about. It wasn't a good song, wasn't a bad song. But I just assumed it was sung by people of darker, you know, darker, complexed, uh, like that surprise. Yeah. What about, uh, there's another song. It goes, I can dream about you. You ever hear that song? No. What's up with my white guy? But anyway, there's a... Oh, they're damn... Don't believe a white guy's don't dream, man. There are lots of other examples of that, but, um, I can't think of any... Well, obviously, that's true. 911, about 911 on the pool, on boy, it's come at the appropriate time. And speaking of 911, we need help. It's an emergency. The church of Scientology has brought celebrity guests, other entertainment to mark the opening today of two new outreach centers in the Tampa Bay area. After John B. Volta, two fairies, is making a appearance at the opening of the church at St. Petersburg Life Improvement Center, Life Improvement with L. Ron Hubbub, baby. I'm looking at... Are they a kid like to the moon and nights? You think they're like, we are moon and nights from the inner core of the moon. I'll ride. The plant city center held at St. Petersburg opening ceremony yesterday. Actress Erica Christianson who started the movie's flag plan and traffic was the guest speaker. We've never had openings back to back like this before. Church spokesman, a woman, Pat Arney said it's exciting. It's exciting, baby. And I guess if you're living in plant city, it would be pretty exciting. The service feature libraries classrooms interactive displays, the locker information, introductory courses on Scientology and probably have the biggest closet in the entire universe. Joggetta closet, I wonder if they have wire hangers in there. Don't do it. WDQAM Hello. QAM Hello. WDQAM Hello. I love turtles, it might be better. WDQAM Hello. I love you, you love me. Five or seven, oh five, what? That was Martin, the dinosaur. Yeah. Like I said, I hope they all get another system to make. Because this is like, like, you know, the big when you flush the toilet, like, you know what it's like. I might even say that. I don't know. Kill turt. Like the world flush. Don't have to kill time. I'm trying to be descriptive. I'm trying to be a little loud. Go through that. Good job. When you flush that toilet light and when you got a really powerful suction there, you know. And just like then all of a sudden, or like, off into the, uh, emails of outer space somewhere. That's what we're doing. The classes are playing with it. It's what we're doing. And then what I'm going to do is I'm going to take this little box, you know, and the, um, and all the equipment that has to do with the fun, I'm going to like, FedEx it to Joe Bell. So he can talk to these people every day. And keep them off this tree, give them some to do. Since he's such a big fan of the phone calls, Joe Bell. 924 votes on a poll. Go for get an hour, 40 minutes, but who's counting until Marlon baseball time. And don't want me for getting up to play, uh, red bell is. Yeah. Boy, lately I've had a rash of those things right. Go in and I think it's almost 30 in the hour time. And I go in and do a number one in there. And I'm just, uh, because I'm positive beyond any shadow of an out that the bit is kosher and a, okay, enjoy, subrooted, seven. And all of a sudden, you're, oh no. And I'm counting on you guys, of course, and little to why I know that you're not young. We're doing the same thing. Yeah, right, counting on me. I'm breaking up with me in a birthday card. Well, I don't make break enough cards. I feel all. Be a child, don't be thick. You just having a band, eh. I've had a bad day. Some sweat on this pew, eh. Because you have a bad day. You take the water down. You take the sand, some snow, some snow, some snow, some snow. And you take the sand, some snow, some snow, some snow. And you take the sand, some snow, some snow, some snow. And you take the sand, some snow, some snow. And you take the sand, some snow, some snow. And you take the sand, some snow. Guess there's been fire. You fire. You need to pack our guns and go. Now that's when I call, I'm bad, hey, hey, hey. All right, look, I've got a hangover. We know some documents. He lost his generals. He's in a fire. He's just in a nasty state. Like we lost our motor. I think I'm going to be six. You're fired. I've got one gold man. Yeah. You have a birthday. You can't wait. You can't wait. You can't wait. You can't wait. You can't wait. You can't wait. You can't wait. You can't wait. All right. You can't wait. You can't wait. I'm too low-floor. I saw this truck guy throw up. And then I'm fidgeting ate it. You broke hot. He cheated on me. I got your son. She dumped me and broke my hot. You broke your penis. I paid by I was just not to wait by tune. I'm in the middle of the day. I've been six years old. How about wedding your week sounds good to me? I keep thinking every time I play that, but I think the same damn thing about Tom Phenuchi man just wanted to wait his beak. Remember that just wanted to, yeah. That's right. And then he messed with that light bulb. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See if these people had anything. I mean, I granted it to Monday, but nevertheless, if they had anything, they would be smoking because this is their last chance. Remember that day when I said this is the last call I've ever taken on the show. That was the smartest thing I ever did in my life. And then the stupidest thing I ever did was go back and start taking them. Again, it's done. It's done. It's finished. It's over. Pheneto, maybe. That is as stale as last year's Wonder Bread. Okay? It's as dull as a 48-year-old Gillette Moonblade. On the condiment show. Right. That's that's Jolly Joe Bell who's going to keep his those out of it. And if he wants to do everybody a favor, fix the parts that are broken. Maybe this part ain't broken yet all of you are working on it pretty good at looks like. And at last trend, a death now, a death now for all of us. It's just, you know, in Bruce Beesley, you know what he says? That's what he says. WQA and hello. You feel like you bought from the factory. WQA and hello. How do you QA and hello? Not even doing. See you week. You week. Now, if we had a real call and this, what has been? I was in a quarter. I mean, I'm taking calls on a quarter. I mean, you got to call the explained red bone to us. Oh yeah, that got to be real. It's largely worse than any. Then he said, well, I can't think of, there's so many good examples about what any of more, you know, like that. There's a lot of great stuff to say when you call video talk show. I just don't have any of it to say. And then it would be like saying that, you know. Wouldn't it be something if we actually heard something like that today? If somebody called and actually had something to say, I'm not holding my breath. And you never know. I doubt it. WQA and hello. Come test. The questions are the best. I love WQA and hello. QA and hello. Can you believe it's too good? So are you doing on your part? WQA and hello. Is there a man or someone going to my dumpbox? WQA and hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Quick question. You remember how little beach full of art, right? What was that the question? No, that's not the question. They reduced the speed limit to 20 miles on the hour now. Yeah. Bad news out there. Okay, thanks for the good news. I like the other calls better to be honest with you. Oh, good. Golly Miss Molly. If you know something, I'm kissing everything I can get my lips on here. I'm kissing the mirror. I'm kissing the count. I'm kissing the carpeting here. It's a good thing I don't want to enjoy it. But I'm not there. What a place. What a outdoor insane asylum, a septic tank. A sewer. 943 votes on the poll though. I think we'll be right on the verge of a thousand by noon. God, are you kidding me? We only got an hour and a half to go. Well, thank the Lord for that. Oh, God. WQA, hello. Neil's good. Okay, great. I'm glad I don't have to get mad about making any more. Cause the news doesn't exactly what I should. It should not be upset about. I'm really happy about that. Just that's all I got, Neil. Okay, yeah, not much. QAM hello. Oh, the man, the truth. Oh, honey. WQA, hello. And you know what to do on? Are you on, sir? Listen, I want to do with people calling up and saying, I'm not a material, so they say something stupid. Because they never had anybody to be any to begin with. I see. Well, we're weird. What is? In conclusion, I'm not a material, I know. WQA, hello. Never saw that coming. More Neil, I will. Okay, sir. Good. Good. Good. Not regarding the fall, but once in that she might have missed out last week on the expressions was, uh, it left. Yeah, right. Let me QAM hello. QAM hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Sensational man. Never matter. That's good. That's good. I can't, you know, I can't believe all these ones calling in. And no, and. There's a little thing like today is, uh, fourth anniversary of our lovely war here, and we're still not sure what the score is. Yeah, and what would you like these people to say about it? A good question. Yeah. WQA and hello. Hey, good morning, Neil. How are you? Yes, sir. Okay. I have a little thing to introduce, um, not introduce to entertain your audience. I'm, I'm not the other day at a bank, and a guy turns through his friend and says, So, who are you going to vote for in the election? And I swear the guy turned to him and said, I'm going to vote for whatever president grants the claimancy for the murder of any idiot who helps me two years away who I'm voting for. I love them. WQA and hello. Somebody can't do QAM. Do QAM. Anything on how you doing? Uh, okay. But even when you go see 300, yes. Yes, George Cena. How was it? Good. He said it was good. I want to wish you and George happy pathos happy Easter. Have a good one. Okay. Okay. If you go as to an happy Simka store, matter of fact, I have in my pile over here. I've got all the, uh, those other Jewish holidays. I'm going to start taking off. I think today is one of them. See you. Two-be-shfat. Hit-pourum. Paisach. Yom Hashoa. Uh, live the armor. That's one of my favorite. That's in honor of the Lord Boomer. Yeah, that's out of the boomer. Remember Paul Boomer? 1506 votes are in the poll. Let's play the farting contest. That should get Joe Bell out of a hiding from under his desk. Hey, Joe, you quiz-ling, you idiot. You're fair. You're doing a heck of a job, Joe. Now, I'm going to tell you, any guy that can come in and just over a year. Take this formally prominent pre-eminent AM radio station and turn it into like one and two shares, man. You've got, you've got to hand it to him. Phenomenal job. It's good thing they don't care about that. And you'll be very pleased to know that Kenny and Boer just edging out the default guilty to broaden the other guy in the last place. Just barely. By the skin of their teeth, skin of their ass. QA and hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. A couple of things. The court, it was a, I get the London Times and it was Norical about a guy in Canada that had a discounted with almost $70 million from either a corporation or a government. You didn't know about that? So what about it? I don't know. You usually bring up stuff in the United States. You didn't make any issue about that. What does that mean? When in other words, there's no corruption candidates. That might message here? No, there's crooks everywhere. So what does the point? Point is I made an interview, Mark. Also, I want out of two, I mean, one out of two hundred homes United States are defaulting on. Oh, God, are you boring? Oh. Maybe the facts are good. It's a George. This is just for you. No need to send to the old man. Oh, God, you were blessed. Huh? I said, well, guess what? I thought you could, uh, He'll soon come with us. Sure. Well, whatever. It's still some interesting. Okay. I mean, it says a red bone. No, it's here isn't like this last guy. Oh, and there are actually a $70 million from a Somersome of St. Ian. And so who cares? Why is anybody who's listening to me right now to the center of my voice? Give a flying crap about what that guy just said? Even he doesn't care about it. How come you're not talking about the Crooks in Canada? And everybody's on the up and up about there. Ha ha ha ha. Much of Crooks in Canada. You stay there, pal. I'll stay here. And that's a deal. A red bone is a term for less skinned black person. Usually darker than a person you would call, high yellow, which is often an insult. And then we've been heard of any of these things. High yellow, my ass. Uh, that the term is that like old yellower. The term is not used as much because there are so many Latin and vibrational people that color that those terms are more frequently used. Like somebody might say, she's Hispanic looking or vibrational, rather than she's red. Much more common refer them as red than red bone. I never heard of anybody being referred to as red. I mean, me, this or red bone. Or anything. Examples beyond say, Rosario Dawson, Vanessa Williams, Coastal yellow, it says, or some all identical beals, would be high yellow or be said to be able to pass as in pass for white. That this is all just, uh, you're, you, whoever wrote this was right. I mean, you talk about making a big sentence. It says, the hardest sense that Rose stepped on and I try to call that basis, the factor is that there is an old racial subdivide in the black American community. It's considered a huge issue in the African American, even Caribbean American community. This is just the kind of thing someone can pan into and explore, explode more importantly in sub-billion in the black community. Jo's real problem is the cavaler approachy term to the topic. It says, I can only assume he had no idea to the way to his words, but to say most brothers don't like chocolate. He'd be better off saying black sir better athletes and worse academic academic missions than, this is a whatever else. And this goes, uh, now the whole thing is just stupid is what it is. Okay, if you ask me just stupid, it's a big waste of time. It's like arguing about which drop a lot of our other faucet is going to chase the best. Okay, I mean, it's just stupid is what it is. Idiotic, moronic, you're fair right. But thanks for killing about two, three minutes. I was good. 971, I'm a fool. Now we're talking my language. Now we're talking something I can relate to. You know what I mean? 971 sounds like fun getting close to a thousand votes on the pool. On a Monday with a stupid ass Marlon exhibition game with the Astros from Jupiter. Coming up in 1250 to Saturday, no. No forget Hank, I'll be on after the game, man. It he can't seven to nine. Any interest? No. Really amazing. I mean, wouldn't you think that would what's going on there? There would be people. I would assume that there would be people after that last trend came. I thought it would be running up and down in the hallways screaming and shrieking like crazy people, you know? At least asking, do you like it? Like that? You know, something. No. But they aren't. Maybe they're just oblivious to think. Which reminds me of my favorite saying, and it's, I shouldn't have been on that list and it wasn't because it's a great saying, where there's no sense, there's no feeling. In other words, feel this. And I'm opening up the hot of terracillan in the country. You got to check out Brittany Shears' salon. Just think girl, no more extensions, color and or conditioning. No more teas in or burgine. I can't know more how to. We have several off the wall style for you to choose from. There's the cojack, the Jean-Luc Card, the death row in night. And my favorite, the Shenado Conor. They can't sing come dance to you. Can nothing compares to our low, low, low, Brittany Shears' prices? You have to be nuts, not to come on the end. Your new hair, for lack of it, is sure to be a hit. Even though I don't really know what one of those is anymore. But I do know, a style for Brittany Shears' perfect for the insane live of a crazy single mom. So come on down. Yeah, it's cut the crap while you're a busy cut and Brittany. Oh, Jesus. 1131 at 5.60WPM. We're now in 19 minutes away from Marlins' game time. What are we going to play to go up to the game? I'm mad. Very, very much. Is he right? Is he right? Or is he just... Oh, yeah. What would you rather be? Red bone or hand bone? On the hand bone all the way. Yeah. No more causes, we can no more mush. That's my motto today. Enough of the mush and stuff of the stupid ass calls. Oh, gosh. And that's private, the piece of information. Okay, stop for you. All right. Just because I say stuff, that doesn't necessarily mean it's for your ears. Okay, no, I understand. Eyes only. No, no. How loud. Somebody cue me and hello. See what I'm going to do is I'm going to disconnect. Like I kept seeing last week. Tell you what I'm going to do. And I would roll up his sleeves. I can't think of who that was. Maybe he was Jimmy Durania. Jimmy Durania used to say that. That's who it was. Tell you what I'm going to do. Jimmy Durania. What could he say? No. He was looking at. Yeah, he used to play the piano and sing. I thought he was going to do anything. And he came in. But he was a comic, but he was a piano guy, man. Victor Borger played the piano. So at least he used to threaten to. But he never played the piano. He was a great pianist, too, by the way. Can I say that? Joyce? No. He's a good player. He's a good player. He's a good player. He's a good player. He's a good player. I'm good player. Yeah. You can do it. Do it. Yeah, I don't think you're going to play the piano. I'm just going to play the piano. Yeah. I'm pretty good today for me. I like the way I sounded on there. I don't know about you, but I'm usually one of those people that doesn't like this sound of my own voice. He had been doing it. Everybody hates this sound. Everybody hates this sound of their own voice. I could be wrong about that. But I mean, what's all the line-o about radio anyway. I mean, what the line is about radio anyway? Right. And what is the pace pretty good for me? And I'm just going to continue. I'm going to continue hopping up those big chests and have it a wonderful time with it, you know? Mm-hmm. Ah, ah. WCWM, hello. I'm going to hit your business operations. Oh, she's my favorite week. So that's a third time in a week. WCWM, hello. And a great big one to use is the brush to babysitter's teeth with. WCWM, hello. Hi, good morning. Yes. I've been out of town for about two years. Now, got back finally able to listen to you again. Just a quick question. Are you still going to Vegas? Like, do you still want to? No, I never go to Vegas anymore. Why do I want to go to Vegas when I got my woodbind right here or Niagara Falls? But do I want to slip all the way out there in the middle of the desert for a zidian miles away? No, you still ramping right out of that. Great. Well, this is great. If you want to go all the way out there, it's just far. No matter where I'm listening to California somewhere, far. It's a slip. I was just curious. Anyway, we're good to hear you again. Okay. Thanks, pal. See, came back after two years. He wants to know why I still go on to Vegas. What he's trying to say is, I have no right. What do you care if I'm going to Vegas? What is that due for you? Okay. Who did Moe for your life? I mean, what is that guy to do with anything? Am I still going to Vegas? You know? I mean, it's one thing if I can come on your past along some useful information or some useful gas or something like that. What is this tell you though? Let me just, let me see if you right now. Very clearly. All of a sudden, there's something like I like, I had a religious experience. You know, I mean, by the time I'm reborn, baby, reborn. That's it. The whole concept that was going on here is insanity. These people are got nothing to say. They didn't have anything to say last week. Six weeks before she was 45 weeks before it tissue above. And what makes anybody think they're going to have anything to say? That's a phone call on a talk show. And this guy's one of the more lucid people we've had. And he actually thought that he had something to say. And he was away for two years. Now we can listen again. And I still go into Vegas. That's why I say to my still a pervert. Yes. So what about him? I still want to hold a flag. Yes. So, and how does that affect your life, sir? How can that possibly be useful to anybody? If I'm going to lose my ass. I'm off here in an hour and 15 minutes of that. I'm counting. I can call my can by right now during this next break. I'm going to be a good guy. I can't wait until I'm off. I can call my can by right now during this next break. I can have him pick me up at 10 to 1 or 5 to 1. And go out there and lose. Oh, I don't know. Have her much I wanted to. Would buy today depending on how much sure I'll strong my stomach is to put up with it? Do you know what I'm saying? What do you say? I'm saying I've had a real experience here today. Do you know what that means? Is it fly opening or I open? No, not a fly opener. That's hopefully that'll be later. I hope for that every day. But, you know, when you get to be when you get to be in my station in life and I'm not talking about this station. When you get to my station life, it's a little bit of a optimistic altitude. WDQAM Hello. I don't know what else goes to say. So, I got a good idea. How's it? See ya. Come on. See ya. You can do it. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Get my phone. Got to go. Yeah, I like that. I don't know what I'm supposed to say. I think he was the epitome as a moral would say. The epitome of what it's all about. I'm ecstatic. I'm the lyric. I don't know where the hell this all came from today. You know, I just out of the blue. I don't know where it's. But the good news is we had 995 votes. And the cool. It's only 1137. And Chris was worried about getting a thousand before ball game time, which is a minute and 13 minutes an hour into the third whatever it is away. You go and see knowledge. Yes. No, I know actually. I've got that this is a great day of clarity for me. My eyes have seen the coming of the glory of God. That's right. Whatever the hell that means. My eyes have seen the coming of us. Something more of the, you know, of the red bone man. That's stupid and surgical about the, you know, the self appointed sensor now is on Joe Rolls because Joe said this and this one said red bone. Who cares already? Okay. Get a life. It's partly monotonous syndrome of soft thord and neurotic repetition of same old, same old, same old people doing the same old tired crap. Making a same old noise. Like a bunch of overgrown children. Like that. That's the sound of soft thorda. Young people doing that. Which you expect that from like infants and old people. No, no, no, no. That's not for the for you. Oh, but there was this guy in Canada who in bezel 70 million dollar and like that guy's trying to give me a song to that. He's trying to give me a sell job and how Canada is so bad. Oh, it's terrible. I don't know how to put up with it, you know. WQAM. Hello. New God. Speaking. You've always had a pact and part of the front of listening to you with these, these colors look like watching the special baseball players. They're all that. They just feel. They just crush them and it goes right to the guy. It's not, it's a made. Not on how you do it. Keep it up. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, yeah. This is a real challenge. Crushing these calls, man. This is, you have to be a real talent to do this. Woo. Well, the way you handle those calls, Neil. That's what's really entertaining part of the, yes, I've been Joe, you wouldn't know they show. If George and Chris came in your studio next to you in your office next to me saying, and Bicholan, each cheek, okay, you still don't know what's going on. Big fan of the show, he loves what we're doing. He loves those big numbers that we used to have once upon a time through the fall book anyway. I think fall is the operative word on this stage, man. And it's like, you know, it's like everybody's jumping off the Titanic. The only problem is nobody's been a life raft. That's a problem. A thousand six votes on the fall. One O six, baby, we done it. I think we ought to have a repeat member last week when we did the 1500 votes on the show in one day. And spite of Chris's and Megatory attitude about the whole thing. I think we ought to like, uh, I think. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But not get too carried away because after all. Thousands six votes in exactly no 1500. The biggest team, so the best. The best. The best. The best. The best. For those people who say, five doesn't matter. Well, it does. Of course, I'm talking about the new 2007 Lincoln Navigator app with a hundred and twenty eight cubic feet of cargo space. And over 15 inches behind the third row of seats. There's plenty of room for whatever you're carrying. At because of the Lincoln, you get the luxury and warranty you've come to the back. Please let me navigate a fully poor 99 a month for 39 months. Exhaust rate is the biggest Lincoln Mercury dealer. Pies Lincoln Mercury. I 75 and Sheridan Street. Being a mom with chair, carsten, and store, something main giving up style introducing the new Lincoln M.K.X. We're seeing for five. So many of storage and panoramic advice for it. My dream of staying stylish is reality. Please let me know and he actually free 99 a month for 39 months. At South Florida, Lincoln Mercury, John F. Lincoln Mercury. I 75 and Sheridan Street for Newfield Baltimore. I've been a good friend to have a dental. I came in 1994 for the 215 and K.F. I came to the county for 31. I'm 27, 24, 40, and I know for the day. Bego here for the finest beer in the business. President, they imported beer and listened for years. I've been telling you about my favorite beer. President, they, the finest beer in the business. Well, now I want to talk to you about the best life here in the business. President, they like the tradition continues. President, they like is a smooth tasting beer with lots of character. It's the way light beer should taste smooth, bold, and with the character you've come to expect from President, they let's face it folks. The beer industry, it's full of water downlight beers. But President, they like is a full body light beer. So on your way home today, stop by the supermarket and treat your friends, family, and how about yourself to the finest light beer in the business. President, they like the full body light beer. What an amazing combination. The choice is yours. President, they, and President, they like. It's the Big O's choice. It's the best choice. President, they, or President, they like. Don't sound small business simplifies your voice data and network experience. So you can stay focused on your business. So when you're ready to get everything you need from one company, just go with Bell South, listening, answering. We're here to win the feature race. Every Friday from Bell Street, March, 18th, fifth of the police from Bell Street, March, and Sportree, you'll buy 60 million new QAM. Williamson, can't let comers help you drive in style. Celebrate their biggest sale of the year with incredible savings on every new Cadillac and Hummer. Right now, at Williamson, Lisa Brandoo, 07 CTS, Crawley 349 per month, or Lisa Brandoo 07 S. Goly, Crawley's 699 per month, without absolutely no money down. And during the biggest sales of the year, you also get to save on every new Hummer and stuff. Right now, Lisa Brandoo 07 Hummer each two, Crawley's 649 per month, or Lisa Brandoo 07 each three, Crawley's 359 per month, with absolutely no money down. And as always, you get the Williamson buying experience, free Williamson can't let comers, with a pometto BTS1. So you better leave on over the Eastern Financial, where a home or auto-long cost less each month because they're not for profit, not for profit means you pay less each month. So to leave in date, Broward or Palm Beach, you can join. Always glad to see you. Igra housing lender joined today, Eastern Financial Florida Credit Union at youconjoined.com. Bellsauce Small Business simplifies your voice data and network experience, so you can stay focused on what's important to you. Bellsauce offers the ease of one stop shopping, reliability, and stability, all on the services your business needs, all on one bill with significant savings. You will have the expertise on your side, but I've been a sound small business expert. Bellsauce Small Business will work closely with you to quickly create solutions that are right for your small business called Bellsauce Now at 866-497-Save or go to Bellsauce.com. So when you're ready to get everything you need from one company, just go with Bellsauce, listening, answering. So, biggest means, the best talent is the Canyon for a money show. Trying to get right now, you've done a chasm with us this morning. You've done a good morning, how are you? All right, good morning to you. Good job, good job. Good bye, scooter, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, you out and see great, they can send the feel, they've got them killed. Like the Canyon, your a trees are this old. Can't pick your boyfriends in the twos? Looks like it's time for flipping. I'd like to ask working under and pick from your vantage point. Does Jamie have a mole on his hand? Right now Here we go with him I never feel comment Always find a pin-up hand We'll never know How many agents died cause of your feet? Oh! With love, no back and no All the joy Me too When you see yourself that Jamie you can ask when why Is me Rines with ads You know Okay 14 don't know There's that gambling who to think they'll bet it Commentary Hippocrite who I wonder I know it's used me for the redundance too Okay You know that would be a good poll to take Or your favorite redundance Hippocrite who is not Oh I think we've done something like that But that's fine We can do that again In fact, religious not Isn't it just by itself Is right like one goes Right We've done it That's very good You know I think we've done this quite this way That's good We have never done it quite this way I'm not prepared to do it now I mean talk in pile at least You know, 500 degree Well pile up You know Like bad radio Bad software radio Boring sports talk Ha ha ha All right There you go There's the winner Boring sports talk I love it So what do you think about it Yeah and also Don't forget about him Yeah Yeah And while we're at it by the way Since you want to start with that What about Give me and Danny And Danny And Danny Yeah, what about them Sounds great 5 6 7 Come on let's get away I don't know if these people can do it We got another hour and four minutes to go Before that Fall in We start with man Barlands of the Astros in Jupiter 1250 It's an exhibition scheme That don't count for buttons But at least we get that lot in your real life And I'm not a lot of lot of lot of just Yeah I guess through that so I can talk about I enjoy doing talk up Because Yeah, well we start playing oldie moldies on here pretty soon Now that would be a good pull to take if If Neil played oldies every day would you still listen to the show No, no you Yeah Chris one Oh yeah Oh yeah Well now you don't sound very enthusiastic about that Come on take it up and not Oh of course Yeah Yeah What a jerk 2017 votes on the full And we still have only those same 237 dropouts on the screen So that that was an early and a few really we had this morning But it's Monday morning man You don't want things to be working like Primetime fine and as wine on a Monday morning You want the usual QM scrubs I think if we can just We each day have a lot more scrubs Everyone get back up to at least maybe a 2.5 share or something I'm Monday morning Are they still a wish I'm done Well mother I'm not saying Or is it a Papa John Wasn't it him? Yeah, Papa John's oh man Too much sun Let me take you away and hello Hey Neil Yes sir I'm on my way to American Express Thanks Okay great have a good time there I'm not your dad to pay off my and I still are a cup Oh look at this early bird golf special I just got a fax out on my fax machine here The early bird gets the course and there's a picture of a little bird with a worm The early bird gets the worm Hmm You know me Ha ha ha ha I think I'm going to do I think it noon I'm leaving I'm going to hop on tonight's flight to Amsterdam And then take the connecting flight to Berlin I'm just getting out of here for a few weeks How's that sound? Okay Wouldn't it be a great deal It's just like you know when the mood strikes you know Just get out of this Okay you take over now Here you go let me head Everyone jick it was talking such nonsense When I started doing shows up here five years ago Oh yeah And he said well Pretty soon the day will come When Neil will just do the show whenever he feels like Whatever the mood strikes him It sounds like he'll be able to me just keep the chance coming man That's the deal you had going on I'm working on it And of course Jolly Jose and he likes you so much If those tapes ready boys That's another example of his a perspicacity about the show He knows his cramp QAM hello Five six to QAM with a six college Congratulations What should WQAM hello Hi there Yes I feel weak to drive my son to school Late and we were listening to your program And he mentioned you mentioned hockey And he cooks me into second into a fan's A game he never been playing before And after the game he said it was the most exciting Sporys are with us now he's crazy about hockey And he says to me he says I'm crazy about hockey Thanks to Neil Rogers Oh my god Here you go I'm the guy to make the hockey fans man Look out All right look out That's great All right There was a call See I told you Tell me all this crap don't take any more calls What would he show me without these great calls you quizling you simple the new four hours Yeah, that's right And some of the long We've been now too Right Yeah I'd like to thank so much Yeah, let's just tune in with a leaf TV Okay, who is it? Ben Ongris looks like to me That's right He's back in the age of what a Marley is If you crank it up a little bit then Benny boy Thanks And each of them is flying Oh no, they've got these long breaks in They're thinking we don't do that Thousand and twenty three votes on the pool How are we doing there on the bottom? How are the bottom feeders doing huh? Then you have good question to do on the pool one day In fact next time you do the show Which my vacation is less than three weeks away Not that I'm counting Oh, Halle Luria Not 023 on the pool Over the last ten years And the question I was going to say what what can we do to improve that morning show Change the shape of that table You think they will do it? No, or you think maybe change the people who are sitting at it Huh? Huh? Ten times One 023 over the last ten years What what's QAM? What does it say? What is QM's best morning show? I can't even read any more I'm so in coherent That's because I got a big challenge going on this week Man, I didn't realize I've got two challenges here The one with a phone and the one with a mush I didn't realize what tremendous challenges I was going to do with both B. Well you'll see I will prevail maybe like my buddy's identity Caliando, okay the main man prevails I will prevail you'll see You believe me? What? Ha ha ha ha ha Oh man On a Monday no less Challenges like that I'll see I'll do it my best I can Bally Thousands of 26 folks on the pool over the last ten years What is QM's best morning show they all sucked 232 what a grotesque in there There's the man Barack Obama does he have what it takes you to He's got his man Oh the he's on with Larry tonight Larry King with Barack Obama We know redbone by the way He is the inspirational leader that this country has been waiting for for 44 years since November 22nd 1963 when LBJ had Kennedy assassinated But anyway since 1968 when the Martin Luther King and the Bobby Kennedy got assassinated So that's one good thing about American the political scene man Every generation or two along come some really good dedicated person I want to do some good things and we kill him or somebody kills him And then they say oh it was a lone craze Disass in the right I like when the Lee Harvey Oswald said don't call me pass the F that was kind of cute Thousands and 26 votes on the pool they all sucked 232 those morning shows Howard Stern 182 are they serious? And the fact that they liked it in spite of all of those Whoops, bleeps and bleep I mean you talk about a company that ought to be behind bars for an idea You know and they didn't ask anybody if she liked that Anyway Stern 2182 for Rall 143 The second first team Defoe Joe Rosen guilty 137 the original first team 1116 Huh, Hank 82. I hate this pool 68 69 percent That's not too bad. Mo and guilty 34 34 from Mo and guilty Well that's yours. So oh my god And then Kenny and Bo 18 they're just edging our VFo guilty the broad and the other guy was 14 So Kenny and Bo at the moment are just barely escaping last place On you know, and I think these are all the morning shows for what last six hundred years since QM's been on here So I think next time George is on which maybe like what they's that gonna be today Okay, see you back well, I've only got like fifty seven minutes to go do you think I would bail out with like an hour to go? That wouldn't be good. You would no I would not not me. I'm not got a shirt my duty Mr. I'm gonna say I was a comescott I was a little pansy comescott not a boy's got I was in the comescouts. I said I do my duty and whatever in my pants But where I said where you will we blow WQAM hello Sounds like we missed the party. WQAM hello QAM hello Me, yes, thanks for introducing me to baseball now. I love balls. Oh, yeah, I'm pretty good sounds like it He plays an ancient ball is what he's trying to say I had to interpret form five six seven. Yeah, this business with hockey You know, I like what what are you talking about we got the pantheres here right? And by the way, I'm not you know got to start paying money for next season tickets already and at least they're not going around trying to get playoff money from people this season And you want to know why because even though they've been winning some games here lately like a eight five over the islanders the other night They're not gonna make the playoffs again for the eight thousand few in a row And so for once I'll give the organization a little bit of credit for that after ripping them and ask for that grotesque trade Where they gave away a Roberto the long go for long gone Todd, we're Tuesday and for the human suit the interview for the rest of your hours all In fact, that's the only reason they've even even within the shouting distance of a playoff spot is because Alex all got injured and all Eddie is holding his backup The hockey top there for a gully animal I 233 votes on the pool a very pressure pack week little that I know when I got my ass out of the sack this morning I was gonna be in just so much pressure this week. I got the many things I got to take care. We have 1272 friends at our my space page And you know why did yesterday What I went back to the very beginning you know how you can save on here like I forget how many how long they stay on there But I went back to way back in early January and I looked at all the different people that came on here to beginning some of whom are still around And many of whom I don't hear from anymore like Zurt Tech or whatever that guy's name is you know and um Harry Potter and I guess I guess with a lot of people on these things. It's kind of like a Like a You know like a fleeting thing and they're like oh, Jeanie and the interesting thing is virtually all these people I responded to you know And they were a couple of people I've shot like oh my and there were so many nice people to say well I'm 24 now and I've been listening since I was 14 or I'm 36 and I've been listening for 20 years stuff like that Makes me feel like a part of their lives. You know, I mean, then it sounds like emotional It's good. It's not good. No more a mushroom is there this is pretty good whenever I shape up all I listen to the meal Rogers 12 to one hour And now live from my jol7 it's the deal has your show I like to a piece of some more good writing I love the way that I've been ended the bitch haven't been the same since the Thoken buying time. No, I was somebody quite read through here, but then I didn't go much attention I'm seeing of course, it's not easy flying back there from Roger 7 Thank God I'm here It's all over for you push left stuck on earth as it in the world well if you're lucky that crackhead is the last bush to rig an election Who's on this line W to AM I was in the public check a lot today Sir, and let me tell you the clip about coupons in Thursdays paper on the shaving I discovered to my show No, it's not 99 cents on the contrary No, I don't know about you that's right I don't know about you When the coupon clearly stated Well use the cottage cheese that's grown in your toenails Who's this line seven and nine? Clean on penal colony hello. I've got it. Oh, okay, I got a ring of course you hate my contract about a one minute show You can fill the other three minutes. I try and borrow cocky a bindish next George bye bye We're all cocky by this my favorite fellow two don't tell me we're on here in 48 minutes I wanted to service to our lawyer audience out there, you know to our vast lawyer audience that we are used to know I'm not going to go salad days man. I never had a steak there myself. You can have the salad. I'll take this to you I speak juicy Shut up, but I'm not nice. We're by with the bowl here See I thought if I step by this now the logging work come on. Oh, it didn't end up Oh, geez We got a thousand fifty six folks. I think I could be wrong I could be wrong about this Chris and trying to get Chris is attention because he's not I think it's hard to think I know or do you think we can make 1100 my ball game time by 12 50 40's have more you do that in 47 minutes Do the math is easy. That's another expression that I hate oh do the math my ass man do the man We'll get a cocky later Really and I know the perfect place to buy one of those and where it is cocky You know what else you can buy there. Well, just forget about forget I don't know answer it. Please please please please Okay, you know actually I think I think this is I don't think I'm gonna read any more bedtime stories I mean, yeah, what did I read I read well the one about you know the pot for Jesus or whatever was a Bong hit for Jesus that was good Right, it was great what he taught us sensational. Yeah, I mean two or three like that But I think these great calls today really inspired a hell out of me. I think it's reverse psychology What's better than this and then we got I forget what Ellie said, but it must have been really phenomenal We had the one good one there. What did you say? You know, I don't want to say I don't want to make fun because it's a horrible thing you know old-timers disease And but I've been doing this for for years and years, but every now and then I get a little bit panicky like I'll get up out of the living room And I'll go like into the end of my bedroom to get something you know Like I'll open up a drawer and I'll think to myself, what did I come in here for you? Oh, and everybody does that There are certainly those of us Right, it's very so those who are like doing Bong hits for Jesus every minute on the minute See if to go back to where you were to be number what it was that yeah That's right. You sit down and think what or like the other day yesterday I was in the in Rex all in the drugstore And I walked in it is specifically to get something I thought okay, what did I come in here to get memory pills? I think I need to put a flower and ten on my head that'll help W 2 a n hello 2 a n W 2 a n hello A baby how's your bracket W 2 a n hello 49 How you doing now? Okay sir Notice how didn't ask me work as I knew who was answering the phone Oh, congratulations I always got to be one smart ass in the group Yeah, you go and I'm from high league at a vote show Well, it's perfect Listen, I you guys are talking about this thing going on with Joe It was easy to the Joe deal the day and when he said that that blood bone nonsense and I you know he talks I've heard it talk about it It's about it's like I've heard him ask some of the African American black whatever you want to call him Player don't say so. What do you prefer and I never never heard any big deal about it And this is dude for it's just this is the same lawyer who's being a PIA with everyone else and monitoring everybody's morning show Yes, including this show for 20 years. Yeah, freaking moron. What do you get a life and do something constructive with it man? I like put a bullet in this brain or something Okay, good one five six seven. Oh five sixty. Yeah, good. Yeah, the same time Sure and pound five sixty in the Verizon singular wireless line not that that was a setup call or anything like that 10 60 man The thousand sixty votes on the pool. We need 40 votes in 44 minutes. Oh easy man easy even I can do that trust me what I tell you or not is the case Maybe trust me when I tell you this is a stupid especially from the thing we had on Friday That and that's the that a small C man But the best is in Frankie potentially was trying to get the band to play some Italian thing remember that they started to Yankee doodle Well whatever pop going the wheel pop that's right pop goes the weasel very good I'm gonna have to dig out some of that Frankie potentially again if I could find it. I don't want to play the same stuff again Huh, that's okay Thank you. Thank you. You know my father did business with Ivan Roth. He was a guy You're my mom. That's another story so socks and hell WQA and hello Hey, you know how you doing okay sir Let's get this weekend on paving my living room and as I was waiting to put a second coat on it It kind of reminded me of listening to a cane game It's the best We're trying to work those numbers down to real smaller than much more manageable when again under one you know when you get to have a big oh front of it like point point three and point four stuff like that Which I'm sure when and Marlon's game comes on 1250 this afternoon the dials are gonna be tuning from all over the estate from bureau beach to Fort Myers and every person between baby 106, so let me be first that thing because I don't want Chris to get all you know that defeat is kind of attitude because that thing it gets to be contagious 106 5 35 votes in 42 minutes can they do it? Why do I keep playing that cut over no one? Jelly belly Nelly is that a song about? I think I forgot jelly belly Nelly she was got a smelly Especially if you're jelly underbell it when you're navel and And busy miss Lizzy I'm right there Larry Williams a little short fat fatty come on let's play it a hundred times our football Everybody whistle along with the very boy I'm not gonna do it. Oh, I have to do QA. Yeah, hello Yeah, hi, how are you QD? How did you see where I am hello? Yeah, I want to talk to you speaking Yeah, I was gonna talk to you about our favorite movie with the gaffer a couple of scenes that I You share with you and the part one where they say Blue carol what let me know a couple of scenes you can share with me. Well, what is all I want to discuss is if you can figure it up on me Maybe you know when they said Look, or I can sleep with the pictures who said that there's your Oklahoma I think for months, that's just the one who went to get the package right That's he was saying test your set it. You open up the package and there was a fish in a vest I want them you don't see any sense. And also city in message it means looking at my comments I said it. It means look at Brassie sleep to the fish. I thought I'd see you open the bag and come in and says it's an also city in message It means look at Brassie. I don't know who said it and who came with that Let's argue about it. Let's have a big fight about it You got it right there. I got what that dropped that line you've been playing it Look at Brassie sleeps with the fishes. Yeah, you got to be kidding me Look at Brassie sleep should the fish. I thought it's a man's up That's a man's up. That's a man's up. That's a man's up. That's a man's up. That's a man's up. Look at Brassie sleep should the fish See, test your opens up the package. So to speak. Can I say a thing about you? Yes, yes, you're now the more to play it. Yeah. Just like Jack Lemon. Now which one I haven't even what they'll drop in is? Which one? The one that's a lemon. Oh, boy. I pushed the button, Max. And who do you always say it is? I thought it was keen and I was like, he's in when my ass. That was the other guy. Jack Lemon. Well, he was great. We must take one and a lot of okay. Let's sit, Jimmy, project one. Let's do the Light of your side, Campbell. Okay. Probably is un-sum heroes of the day. That's the one. You know what? I think I'm going to watch that this week. Oh, let's see if you're trying to force me to know. Come on. I watch raising Arizona. I think I don't know what it is. I did you to give you upset. Because I know you never tried to talk to me to see in crappy movies. A movie makes fun of these people. You don't understand. It didn't hold my attention even for a little second. And I'm not how I lasted watching it for two minutes. I only thought if I turn it off in the first five minutes, you're going to rip me an ass and so on. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Raising Arizona for good. You liked that other co-in brothers movie that I thought was so slow. It was almost backwards. I was saying that the man who would the quiet man or something like that. There he was. Well, it was a good one. It was like so. So what? So it was a good one. I think moving to be good. Have to be action packed. I mean, I didn't say that. I could do a lot of work. I just come down a little bit. Was it all you hyper-villating lunatic? It's got to have nonstop. Actually, I don't want to say it all. Why are you saying that? That's not what I'm saying. Because I feel like it. Okay. And because it's 12 minutes past noon. Ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, you rocker score, swed y'all five sixty. For those people who say size doesn't matter. Well, it does. Of course, I'm talking about the duty thousand seven Lincoln Navigator app with a hundred and twenty eight two-hick feet of Cargerspace. And over fifteen inches behind the third row of seats. There's plenty of room for whatever you're carrying. And because of the length and you get the luxury and warranty, you come to the back. Ladies and gentlemen, here are probably four 99 a month for 39 months. At South Florida's biggest Lincoln Mercury Day are pines Lincoln Mercury. I survived and shared in straight. Being a mom with kids, carsten, and strollers, doesn't mean giving up style, introducing the new Lincoln M.K.X. with seating for five. So many of storage and panoramic glass rooms. My dream of staying stylish is reality. Believe the new M.K.X. only 39 a month for 39 months. At South Florida, big Lincoln Mercury Day, public and mercury. I survived and shared in straight police, open for emergency. I've heard that I have a down to the payment. Nineteen force for two hundred and eighty-one hundred and fifty. The 31 five, seven, seven, two, zero, four, four, zero, nine, nine, nine for the 10. Bego here for the finest beer in the business. President, they imported beer and listened for years. I've been telling you about my favorite beer. President, they, the finest beer in the business. Well, now I want to talk to you about the best life beer in the business. President, they like the tradition continues. President, they like is a smooth tasting beer with lots of character. It's the way light beer should taste. Smooth, bold, and with the character you've come to expect from President Day. Let's face it folks. The beer industry. It's full of water, down light beers. But President Day light is a full body light beer. So on your way home today, stop by the supermarket and treat your friends family. And how about yourself? To the finest light beer in the business. President Day light. The full body light beer. What an amazing combination. The choice is yours. President Day and President Day light. It's the big O's choice. It's the best choice. President Day or President Day light. Don't sound small business simplifies your voice data and network experience. So you can sing focused on your business. So when you're ready to get everything you need from one company, just go with Bell South listening and serving. Log on to wqand.com to play hakes. Pick the police and protest. It's your chance to waste beer when eight weeks of winter. The feature is every Friday from Gulf Stream. He takes the police from Gulf Stream. And for tree of 60,000, you can see who I am. Williams in Canola Comer helps you drive in style. Celebrate their biggest sale of the year with incredible savings on every new Canola Comer. Right now at Williams in Lisa brand new 070TS, for only 349 per month or at least a brand new 070s grade. For only 699 per month, with absolutely no money down. And during this big and sales of the year, you also get to save on every new Hummer and stop. Right now, Lisa brand new 070s, for only 649 per month or at least a brand new 070s, for only 359 per month, with absolutely no money down. And as always, you get the Williams in buying experience. Free. Williams in Canola Comer. We're the Palmetto Bts1. We're the first to come to Texas tag inside of the booth credit. Hi, Captain Eddie here for Eastern Financial Florida Credit Union. Some banks aren't happy to see you, especially if you start winding and yelping about high interest rates on loans. So you better leave on over to Eastern Financial, where a home or auto loan costs less each month because they're not for profit, not for profit means you pay less each month. So that even date, Barrett or Palm Beach, you can join. Always glad to see you. It will housing lender join today. Eastern Financial Florida Credit Union at youconjoined.com. Bellsauce Small Business simplifies your voice data and network experience. So you can stay focused on what's important to you. Bellsauce offers the ease of one stop shopping, reliability and stability. All on the services your business needs. All on one bill with significant savings. You will have the expertise on your side without Bellsauce Small Business experts. Bellsauce Small Business will work closely with you to quickly create solutions that are right for your small business. Call Bellsauce Now at 866-497-Said or go to Bellsauce.com. So when you're ready to get everything you need from one company, just go with Bellsauce listening, answering. So biggest needs of best talent. It's the Canyon Bowmoreing Show. The Money. The Money. The Money. The Money. The Money. The Money. The Money. The Money. The Money. The Money. The Money. The Money. The Money. Or the money. Want me to tell youollable line." The Money. And the Money. The Money. Head. I'm gonna ask for this, this is most of you like a bed. I think so. Come up this weekend on WQAM, we have the Orlando Outro. Maybe you're supposed to read something. Oh, I'm glad we can on QAM, if you missed QAM on a weekend, congratulations. Okay. In other words, I have no life. Come up this week. We're in Marlin's baseball. Oh, hey, did you hear that story about the Duck with four legs? Yeah, that was freaky. What did they call that? Back to back. I know, it's caused by some sort of, oh, what's it called? Back to back. It's not genetic, it's, it's... Back to back. Environmental... Back to back. No, it's an evolutionary mutation. Wait. Back to back. I don't know what they call it, but hey, if they get to make the Duck days better. Oh, not that. Not that gamey crispy duck again, man. Oh. 1980 votes on the pool. What do I tell you, Chris? We got 1100. It looked easy, man. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, see, he's, oh, yeah. They had talked big. Mr. Doubting Thomas. Or the lower Thomas. You're like Doubting Thomas. Michael. Oh, seven. We only got like, let's see, 20 in the 32 minutes for your great calls today. Yeah, I think this is the, I think we turned the quarter day. I think in every aspect of my life, you know? That sounds pretty good, doesn't it? Sure, Warner. You don't believe it. I say, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. I do. I think we finally found that whatever it is we're looking for. What does everybody looking for? We saw, you know, ask, well, what does everybody looking for? Money? Money? Asked money. QAM, hello. Hey, you got the poll. Look today, huh? Ha ha ha ha ha. WDQAM, hello. So, new? Yes, sir. Yeah, a couple years ago, you guys had a key chain with the sound effect. You guys find I'm doing that in the costume again. Absolutely not. Absolutely not. No. That was great. Why not? Why don't you? Yeah, how about you doing it? Okay. Okay, we're, yeah, let us know when we got the poll. We'll be able to pedal and buy one. Shmuck. Look at that, so many of them. Man, it's not a good sign. Well, we only got the 31 minutes to go to Lamarling game. Don't tell me they're starting to turn off it new now, just because I keep threatening his Marlon's Astero's game is coming up at 12.50. Not a good thing, man. Not a good thing to sustain the audience. We should lie a lot. Say, oh, that game has been canceled. They're lack of interest. Okay. We're going to continue with your sit-lating calls and all the other pop-horee of Swill until until we just run out of material. WDQAM, hello. Hello, is this Neil Rogers? Yes, sir. Can I talk to Neil? No. Maybe. No, Neil, how are you doing? You always just have that one. What do you guys have? What aggravated a most? Is it that when politicians have an elected office, they're allowed to run for a number of people like you call and ask me stupid questions. That's whatever rates me more than anything in my life. When politicians do this and when you people grow up already for crying out loud, it's a stupid ask radio show. That's all it is. You people don't want to take us back to that. You have to call up Joyce Kaufman, okay, but give your home phone number. I'm glad you people boring, man. 560560, pound-fi, and of course he starts out with it. Is this Neil Rogers? Can I talk to Neil like he's very clever and very funny, huh? He ought to be on the morning show, man. Get that up for you since Derek left, or they'd get going on like, oh, my, everybody is sitting around this peanut pants like, oh, did you hear that? Holy cow. And I keep on to what? What did I miss? I miss something. I don't know if the normal spectacute. Man, when she comes up for oxygen, there's really it almost throws me, you know? Almost. 1086 on a pole. 1086. I think about 86 to hold anything. 1215, good at it. Marlon game, man. What do you say? Oh, come on. 21 pass noon a cue and don't forget Hank will be on after the ball game, which we all, following at Marlon's exhibition baseball, like following six years a day there. But hello the best you can. Any can set on a clock tonight. Ben on it. People are ISO. Coming. This Christmas from Bogus Industries. It's the eye can drive like Rick Sanchez for game. So real life actually a venture game that uses the streets of South Florida as a game board. Start begins at Concession, a. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. The country is almost 9AM. And with the 1. twins. A. A. Y. A. Pockets. A. A.! A. A. If you tune in late George and I both this morning, we just were a little behind the old eight boy, they say it is another stupid expression to late and yeah, and neither one of us had a look at the schedule closely enough. One thing I've learned today, never like gloss over the schedule, like grad here, grad it and like pour over and stick your nose right into it and the schedule too. And low and behold, Marlins in the Astros at 1250. And we both won. Oh, do you understand? We have to leave our friends early. Oh, no. And everybody's going to be tuning out early and we're going to serve with the fallout from that one. Then I'm going to just come out and then people are going to say, Oh, gee, you know, the mighty Neurology. Well, that's okay. The check still clear. 1087 on the pool. We know what no sweat. I'm 1100. See, I shouldn't say that because then they're like, what they'll do is then they'll start coming in by the ones. And see, there's another one. 1088. I don't like that. I like when they come in in big chunks with it. chunks so big you're on the smell them. Oh, that girl. Like you guys say, No, no, no, no, no. And then what he says, No, no, no, no, no, no. No, no. Yes. Yes. Over the last 10 years, what is QM's best morning show? 1088, the 1080 votes. They all sucked. 243. That is a screaming indictment, screamers indictment. 243, 22.3% said they all sucked. How it's stirring to 060 with all the holes in that show. He was like downcrawling on them. They were shot in five times. Oh, we got that. Yes, you do. Yeah, but what is it under? What did I put it under? I don't know. Maybe bad news for more. Oh, here it is. Bad news. They look for me. Oh, and they have a lot of people. If you don't make that too. So 116 for Howard's firm for Rally's got 154 Scott for Rally. Yeah, let's bring those two back and see if we can't lose whatever little remnants we have. The second first team, Defogero wasn't guilty, 145. The original first team won 18, which Chris and sister was Dave Lamont and the farting man and Jimmy Sivillus. That's probably why they had to take Dave Lamont off the earth as he farts a lot. I know that because I did you end baseball with him that one season. You know, he was the color guy and the I don't think he was like the rib bone guy, the color guy. And he kept farting real bad. And an interfer with the back of our life, stating the best of role, my zollum sausages, you know, they're cooking on a grill outside there. You know what I'm saying, Chris, you ever been to New M baseball again? No, I haven't. Oh, well, like what am I asking you for? The original first team won 18 and where was on it? Hank 85. I hate this full 69 and 6.3 percent. That's not too bad. That's the nice comeback off your Friday performance when you folks are in the real sour mood. What do you like, better? Sour door, sour mood. Moan Geldier, very, very extremely weak 35. Extremely weak. Kenny and Bo talking about week only 19, but they are edging out at least default building the broad and that other guy Ron Hearsey Highway 14. What was that? What's just the one I played at the beginning of the QM? What? What is that one called? Oh, morning sickness crew. Morning sickness. I do think that one might, yeah, and I'm out of the poor. I did look like Neil Bennett, no matter how dull you'd fool again. Anything for that, Carolyn? Welcome back to the morning sickness crew. We've done we talk about sports at a rapid pace. Do you fall down before snifter here? Sure. Hey, you think that's good when I was into track last night, a horse I bet on was so slow that Jockey kept it diaries. How is that Carolyn about the Gail it was raped in the hurry games locker room? Oh, yeah, yeah, and thanks for making this studio smell better, but okay We got the tree and comics are the lines. Hi, let's see. Well, nobody's knocking down the white door for freshness, we ain't demark or whether whether whether or the Moss, we're okay. Let me tell you, let's see if you may have it on studio and the oven will be ready. What did he say? Thank you for your call. Okay, it's time for another funny interactive comedy bit. Right, it of you Goldie Horn. So, Goldie. Yeah, that you Goldie. So, Goldie, what you take on college at the leads who aspire to play? Schmeer the queer. I think there's a response to that. Hey, you guys up against playing it. Yeah, you raise your chin. Take a break. Do what you said about Graffsucker. Sounds like a real ice queen if he asks me. Well, let's not get into that. Oh, love we got the guy with the eyes but it's very time today. Hi, you can eat. Thank you for your call. And just more fun and put your balls off with a serrated scissors. Oh, yeah. If you think that's good, we got 1100 votes on the floor 1100 even 1100. Oh, oh, man. What more what more could you want, right? Right. I'll tell you what we could want because we got 17 minutes to kill here until I pre-game show. Is maybe a call or two on here, man. Looking really deadly. Yeah, a call. I see a call, but you know, I know how short that's going to be. 567560 and pound 560 and he Verizon sing it a while. I mean, let's wrap it up today with a really good run or call here now. Do you think 2 a and hello Joe Rose 567 come on you can do it. I don't see much going on and that's not a very good sign. That's a very negative story sign to me. Not that I'm a panic kind of guy. You know Comcool collected at all times. That's me. Like that, you know WQA and hello Yeah, okay, I hope you I love with him. Okay, so you know that is that's Robert creeper Robert creeper the grim Reaper the Lord of the board WQA and hello WQA and hello That was Joe Rose by the way, dude that last one WQA and hello WQA and hello Okay, sir Hey music last year, I don't know if you guys did it or if it was part of the mile and space ball you guys have a the pre game Start it out with like a jazz band a swing band a big band kind of sound Was that you guys playing better with that? Hello, you can be jazz Yeah, it was like maybe like a you know a 10-piece you know like you'd hear a college jazz band with our so far Outer here. Are you crazy person or what 10-piece my ass? I thought of the game as a big band sound. I mean this guy nuts. There we go. That's my speed baby I think 58 that's okay 58 15 yards and 50 set good out cares where you were was which ethical records the yellow and light label and it was very Wittons and short fat bang I'm just gonna keep what I'm gonna do is just do talk ups I bet you're Ricky Tiki show what even to this captain me. I'm not gonna play the music I'm just gonna do a whole show every day and just do talk ups for four hours There goes talk it up I'm saying well, so bring you the husband for I'll use sports So you're going to blow the crew I stepped on Jim McKay well, who the Who the hell is he? Okay, that's enough. Is he dead by the way? Okay? Chris No, it's Jim McKay is he dead that are alive and it's Jim McKay The agony and of the ecstasy of agony in the whatever our however that goes, huh? The ecstasy of a motionist And the agony of a BS the agony of Joe Rose for Joe, you know A bit of him then me no more yeah at least I get a little rest now for a while now they can pick on Joe Rose the local the local Sincerial board which consists of one person of course We're ways to live I beg your pardon looks like he's still alive Jim McKay I bet you if you saw him you wouldn't say that Because he's got to be at least 120 now and if you saw my TV you'd say oh, I don't think he looks like he's still alive Maybe on the men maybe I'm lying it looks like he you know But he don't look like he's still alive 85 He's one he's 85 September 12, 1921 that inspires me man when I when I see that a guy like him made it to 85 That means I got at least 21 years to go can you imagine how much aggravation I can dispense to in 21 years? Oh, here we go This is pretty On shibyash Where's that the one from five? Going in the Coliseum. I'm gonna see some Christians to lie in baby at the Coliseum in a aroma I'm gonna go to my favorite part of the year and then when you enroll in do the role moves It is very easy pretty exciting music Yeah, makes it sound like something exciting is gonna happen afterwards. Yeah I'm okay Now we're talking back that that that that mudgy nice football you got a baby mud and that football You need to be fogging me and ballging me and pick skin. Okay. That's enough 23 till 11 we got the Marlin pregame coming up in just 15 minutes man. We got 116 votes on the full things are a Okay, all we're fine things are a smell and really Re a smell and really strange little rank if he has made it. Oh Hey, speak of that how you do with the roof right on here any more complaints. I think they must be done on the roof They're not here today. Well good. Maybe they're done with that tar maybe situation Just just our Marleson from all these politics and John McCain said at the other day in some species said something about tar maybe and it's all not a good idea Man next thing you're gonna be on a Joe Rosho What could be more exciting than that golf on a radio bowling on the radio start soon Back in the day when someone done us wrong We didn't take their grass in Pearl Harbor or when the jet dropped their box All refunds and bad and now the Saudis They hit us hard and on our cards are little flags wings As that's all in love and recharge voice of honors Oh My What's a few thousand innocent lives? Stop living in the past. If you want that as you lead to drive, you're gonna need more gas. It's like righteous country in the world. They train us to the least. And anyone who says that obvious need. And afford to be... ...at the richest competitor. And thou embarrassed to be in America, where we take three hours of sleep, we the flag and one hand, with our hand in the sand, it's lively follow the powers that be never said to... ...and I thought that was a good idea. I was a great stranger. I was a great stranger. You were so good. You were so good. 117 votes on the pool. And you were worried about 1100. Are you worried about thousands of metaphors? Oh, Chris, why is that? No, because you don't care when we're together. At least you want us to have to admit it. You're just too indifferent. Probably indifferent about all of these things. I care about one set of numbers. On the paycheck. Well, the waiter too much though. WQFAM, hello. Hey Neil, I don't just jim became a red ball show. Alright, Jim. WQAM, hello. You think Jim's got schooliosis? QAM. I had to do a track down the sonic. Did I ever track it down? No, he never was. Yeah, friend of mine went there to a naples this weekend. He said it was great. There's no sign. There's no sign on the home set. On US one. There's one down in home. No, there's not. No, there's not. Yes. No, again, there is no sonic. On US one in home set. Alright, let me say it again. So checkers. It's not a sonic. No, I appreciate you. I appreciate you. I appreciate. How do you like it? I don't want to break your mouth. There's a lot of it around the tower. There's no sonic. It's in home set. Or anywhere within 50 miles of it. Okay. You'll go down there. Okay, Schmendrick. You'll go down there. Yonder in the checkout. But it is in Naples though. So, you know, if you got a lot of time on your hands today, I'd get on alligator, Rally, Sally, and just sit on over there. Said the Naples are going to be good to Orlando and find one. I mean, you want to go up to Tampa. Now, do we decide that there are I know there in Orlando? Right. And probably Tampa. I think somebody else. Yeah, I heard it was pretty good too. Is the report I got from my correspondence. It was pretty damn good. And the pizza, do you want to know what it is that our video is, which we should Conquer a place in Naples. That's pretty interesting. When a bum forked town like Naples has places like that. Yeah. And the route can you see what I'm saying? I know. It's embarrassing. It's pathetic. It is absolutely acceptable. An unbelievable net, too. Is what it is. Now, I'm trying to remember the way this thing ends. Because I don't want to like leave a lag like a gap at the end of this, you know. That would be bad. And, okay, let me just check out how can I do this. I can go, can I back it up a little? Because remember the way it ends? Wait a minute. Good. Okay, now we go. I got you covered if it's shit. I'll hit. Now there's no sweatshirt. Okay. All right. A quote from Grassky, there's no sweatshirt. A noodle, noodle, those, noodle, those. Don't be called Noah. It's actually entirely a guy who knew the rules. Because the Noah's knows. And you remember what Carmen says, okay? Carmen's a, what do you say? Little brush, a stick, a brush, a stick, a brush. That sounds like Carmen says here. Although there's a way to go. I will bet you. Hundred, forty, five thousand sonic burgers against your stupid little ass. I'll bet you. There's no chance. Look, a brush, a stick, a stick, a stick, a stick. That's how that's, a man's a man. That's here. Look, a brush, a stick, a stick, a stick. Your crazy, I'm telling you. Your crazy person, who the stick is on mine. I'll hit away, it's a, he's your, my ass. Look, a brush, a stick, a stick. Brassky, can you keep it? It's all the way he talks with a stick. Oh man. You better know your godfather. They're nice to see who's your don't. Yeah, yes. Yes. Look, a brush, a stick, a stick, a stick, a stick. Maybe I'll put a stick on that stick. Look, a brush, a stick. If you say, I'd say, a stick, a stick, a stick, a stick, a stick. Look, a brush, a stick, a stick, a stick, a stick, a stick. And so does the audience, because we got the Marlins in the asses. I was from Jupiter coming up next. Oh man. Well, you can get used to this, you know? This thing went by like grease lightning on a downhill slide. Didn't it? Oh yeah. Kind of like the numbers on this station. 1-1-2-3 man, 1-1-2-3. I used to live at 1-2-3, 120-3, but we had to drive it. Watch us to New York. How did you like that? Is that a member of your what, huh? How many years ago that was? About 30,000 years ago. But third man. That's right. 1-23, but we had to drive in Brighton. Not too far from the 12 corners there. The one I ever went to learn about was. Is that of an interesting thing? If you're writing like my auto biography, how can you be writing it? If it's my auto biography? Do you know where you write it? New auto. Oh. Auto. Don't forget, Hank, come out after the game. In any case, 7 o'clock tonight. Last morning, these great calls tomorrow from 10 to 2. Last more, like 50,000. No bible over there, we'll have all of them. No bible over there, we'll have all of them. Roaches, we'll have you. Cool. Do you feel a bit too close to him?