Hi, how are you? I'd be happy to see this thing that I'm thinking You've got to hide your heart away Yes! You've got to hide your heart away Now we'll slide and finally pass, is that straight? Game of Thrones, men who call up all the men Is it affordable? Say goodbye, y'all, y'all Now who goes here, just call up wheels, having fun with the boys In the north, so rude right here Boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy You've got to hide your heart away You've got to hide your heart away You're just hiding away 10-0-2-5-16-W-2-Mets Wednesday boys, girls tomorrow is Washington's birthday And today is ass Wednesday I forgot to draw an ass on my forehead Let's get out those ashes, baby Let's start smear again, smear again, like the right wingers do I thought I was all over that, I have just a little tad, a little tiny bit Today is the final day, give out my system of woodbind It's woodbind Wednesday, I'm gonna find me a good machine I'm gonna go and smear some ashes on my forehead there Wouldn't that be good idea? It'll help It just makes me weak when I start thinking about those things That's why I don't think about them very much About these things that people do, all these things All these things, people who always get happy All the champions in the craft They've religious nuts, yeah Oh, you've got a smear, the ashes on your forehead And what's that supposed to do with you, smear it? Supposed to show everyone how pious you are compared to them I see, how much better from first you are, I see God like me, better see, and isn't this the beginning of length? That's what I'm told, I see But what is this Sunday? Because the Easter Sunday is equal to the eighth What is this Sunday? Anything special? Look, I don't see anything written on there Well, what do you mean you're a see if he written you were a good Catholic boy Why aren't you a good Catholic boy? Bad, bad, bad boy, he even bans to you So it's ass Wednesday, which in and we got poor them coming up for all the Humbandtation lovers out there and we got Easter and pace off I had some mushroom barley soup yesterday Remember I was gonna have months of all soup, right? And they do have that, but then I asked what's the soup today and they said mushroom barley And I went, mmm, oh man, that is my very favorite This is just mushroom barley soup, I love it a lot, I wish I had some right now Yeah, I wish I had a big bowl full right now, just like a bat Well, I wish I had a bowl full We have enough date, yes, internet's back Oh, the internet is back and now we got our dots, so that phones were here There's the evidence right there, the internet was not for a little while What about our streaming, no, we don't have any dropouts Well, I'm sure we have dropouts listening, but that's not unusual But we have no dropouts, everything is A, okay, nice culinary engineering staff They really got right on that today, and that's because that's why Josh Cortis was in there Eating more free food, is that what he's in there for? Of course, and the good company, he liked it That's correct, he still wishes, you know, when you were out on Friday, nursing your sick family Yes, and I asked him if he had his brothers, if they if they would pay him the same That he's getting paid now to do the QM website to still be on our show, which would he do? And of course, it was an old brainer, he said, oh sure, I said, rather be on a show So he's desperate to interact with us because he knows that we love him and he loves us God, you know, they should pay people what they're worth the work on this show Red is probably a story, Tony Blair yesterday or today I don't understand how that can be today, I know there are five hours ahead over there, but nevertheless And I was fast to withdraw, 1600 of his companies true from our rack You remember the British are coming, the British are leaving Okay, and the statement to lawmakers in the House of Commons, Blair said, British troop numbers And we reduced from 70 to 150, 500 in the coming months, but only Only if a racky security forces could secure the southern part of the country Blair said, British troops would increase him, we play a support role of the racky forces of swimming responsibility for security operations The next chapter in Bosnia's history, I'll be written by a racky's Blair said, Tony Blair Once days in Asma came after Blair on Sunday declared that the British, British, British, and Bosnia and southern rack Code name Sinbad has been completed and successful, all right, they should accomplish, baby Just like his partner in crime, Blair and Bush, two butchers Well, I get to today's pull man, it's going to take a half hour to read each time, it'll be a good kill some excellent time Here's yesterday's pull, and of course George is not the George, he's going to be all kinds of crap about the pull Like the one for tomorrow, it's not a life, the idea that I had, what disease do you miss the most and I'm voting for Rickets? We could say disease or condition, I think Isn't he always belly aching about having to come up with a pull idea Chris, isn't that his number one objective? Yeah, that doesn't mean that any idea is a good idea, although Yeah, I actually think I did the pull, the pull question was what? Yeah, or which, because they don't answer the question anyway, they always name up the road There's a pull from yesterday to late to change it's all done, 1300 five votes The thing I hate most about growing old is, I won't be able to afford to live 293 Young chicks won't like me anymore, 178, I'm not worried about either one of those two The wanky won't work 149, I'm not worried about that yet, have a reach that point, yet I am old, 121, yes, 9% of the audience, see and George is thinking, oh, he got none of them but all these old parts 9% of the audience is that we are old, what? You want to what? Here growing in my ears, 119, it is a very serious problem, I clicked in the yanked and twisted in my ears to this morning 119, here growing in the ears, everything droops 114, getting close to death 92 A lot of people are aware that their hair is going to start getting a scrolls off the one side like that The medical examiner, see how they didn't even increase his assistance that time Are you proud of me? No, you're learning. Getting close to that 92, I hate this full 91, 6.8% that's typical sour out response Too many sour candies, it listens to sour response Nothing I'm looking forward to getting old 90, those people need to be put away for a long time Until I get really old, I've pooped my pants 74, lot of fun And my kids will stick me in a home only 14 people worried about that I think a lot of people out there will wish that somebody would put them in a home Everybody takes care of you and you have all the health care and everybody comes and they give you a little pet on the back of the head I shaved my head this morning Good, I feel like I feel like I'm trying to hide my head, I shaved it so close Or a little bit better job than a little bit, she's just a rank beginner I do underline the word rank Here's today's pool, 745, let's look at to our 1000 When I sat down here was like 5 something and Chris said, oh you're never going to make a 1000 in the old then you say that? No, he don't dare say that Here's the pool, what is the way this is interesting? Marginally, what is the way action you get when you tell others that you listen to needle? And it's not my pool, I didn't anything to it Who is needle Rogers? 204% of 745 votes, almost a quarter of the people out there when they say they listen to the show the responses Who's Is that hell a cab and a week from tomorrow is 31 years of it on the year in this town You can't complain about the promotion we get because we don't get any I don't tell anyone I listen to you 102 probably a good idea The responses are right, so do I 86 So do I I can't stand that bastard 67 you like Neil too. I love him. He's the center of my universe I want to meet him stalk him do him be him 48 see just reading that choice alone takes about half an hour I didn't write this he's still on I thought he retired or died 45 The ever present of QAM man in the community always not the sports station where they talk about ball games in jackstrap all day. Yeah, that's the one Even the greatest 39 Here's an interesting one what they say they listen to me the responses why 33 Laughter 31 as in Yeah, like that not not you know not fall down on a floor laughter. I hate this full 29 and 3.8 percent that's cool 29 Don't get more any quarter in this When's he on what station 28 you've often come he think out 26 and then they'll F you get away from me 10 with all them swear, you know Only 10 get away from me unclean unclean But it is interesting. I don't tell anyone I listen to you 102 see it's a closet thing Closet is getting you're fairly crowded again just when we thought we were clearing it out a little bit it's getting crowded again So now you approve of this poll. I mean somebody send it in approve of it You you The question I think yeah, no, you know, no, I mean I like it in that it's a poll It's one we don't have to come up with Chris is this a bad poll the one that we got up there to know yeah, that's Chris. I have no problem with Cole and I voted for all right Well, that's what they tell you they tell you all right What is it that you don't like about the pool mr. Rodriguez? I'm not saying it's a spectacular why no, it's just it's not controversial It doesn't have like a lot of heat and venom that the people can get into How it doesn't it's got like a whole bunch of choices about what a piece of crap. I am on there when they love that. Oh, not about you Yeah, kiss you on the top of your shave. Yeah, right. No, they know it won't give me a follow way I'm sending you a fact right now one of them is about how they said this judge descendent of the cold judge who wants his own TV show I've been telling people that since the moment I saw him on TV. Oh, yeah sticking it up and he says he's got and he thinks he's funny and it's obvious that I told everybody I'm hearing today and he says you're a stranger Then I'm gonna know that this guy just told me I'm ending it up. I said these going for a show He's a he's auditioning that's I can't believe this stuff he was doing this to me. Oh, how did that up for about two minutes and oh, it's just doing Some of us some of us have wives who like court TV and watch it all the time So I'm getting like double and triple dosage of all that now. Well, they got some good stuff to cure that In fact, you know what it is yeah, it works every time 12 at a Saturday 10 at 5. 60. Nobody came George doesn't like the day I pulled it. He hates the one for tomorrow And then we're gonna do I think for Friday the name your favorite ancient restaurant that's you know, but not a business for least I'm going to know it. This is the software which disease the enlist the most disease are conditioned measles rickets kept me out of me I mean, I don't need anyone to kept me out of school. I only have a fraction station Death of an endocled Smith you know what honestly this paternity issue is crazy We now have someone else stepping up saying I could be the father Surprise for you Homer, let me guess you dated an in the call super lady And you guys got freaky thinking something very close exactly along those lines and I know you're up for really damn right How is that possible? So I have to draw you a time room Homer your cartoon character well well Well, if it isn't professor know it all and cartoon characters cannot not top humans. Oh crap. I forgot 1017 SS and the good news is we have 1216 friends at our my space page. We have 12 17 bad deleted Tom how come I took me this long to do that until you guys told me to do that I don't know because I'm done Because these guys have come with this one. That's the first thing you do when you show up your a page is you delete Tom whose Tom is some Yeah, I mean is there a real guy named Tom or she just a figure hey, he was the one that invented it and he sold it a long time ago for us a gazillion dollars is a real guy named Tom Right is it the guy that's stupid picture. Well, never that's there, but he probably lives on some island somewhere. Yeah I'm so sick and tear that thing pop up in the corridor Tom's online Tom's up go away Tom's and I guess I'm not going to get that anymore Not by deleted Tom's ass. Right and then when somebody applies to be your friend on there, and it's in and you go to their profile And they have one friend and it's Tom you go like that, you know, oh yeah Seven ninety on the pool. I'll say seven ninety that's bad. It'll plant the seed in their mind Now to curse give us any programming tips for today or what? No, that yet, but the day is young because you know me on these Wednesdays my mind is way Spinning ahead of time now. I'm thinking about Two o'clock. I'm thinking actually about 145 when I finally put my shoes on. I have all my clothes, etc You're right, run out of that cab and zip off to woodbind and find me a good machine, man Or maybe you know a bad machine. I don't care I enjoy the other way. It's just fun for the people mind. It's fun for the old man, you know? I like it Wait till you're this way from North Logan Utah speaking of a fargo. Well, what's fargo? Fargo is North Dakota Well same kind of thing. It's to stay where nobody lives North Logan Utah University is seven California hockey goal. He put on a show, but had nothing to do with stopping shots Mickey Meyer, what a great name Mickey Meyer wrote his stick like a horse dropped his bulky pants Mooned at the crowd and slapped his butt off during game against Brigham Young police said Oh, not a Brigham Young those mora Mormons. Woo! He was ejected and ticketed for Ludenus and Mr. Meiner after an officer was working security At the rain city witness the scene Saturday. He dropped his pantalones. I had my fellow those rest. Meyer said on the internet broadcast of the game court the hero journal of Logan Utah It'll be up to prosecutors whether or for so a case against him. This is a small town North Park police sergeant John It's Alicano said this was a college team playing in a hockey's a wild game. Sometimes things get out of hand Right whatever that means. Meyer's antics occur while play was stopped and the referees were trying to sort out penalties in a third period of a consolation game In the ACHA West Regional Terma that echoes ice center Eccles the junior from fit in the New York was riding his hockey stick like a horse And slapping his butt North Park officer Mike Stoffer said in the report. I sure like his frozen dinners man I like the a stuck peppers the stoffers isn't it still for makes that I don't know who makes it. It's good stuff though After pulling down his pants Meyer slacked his bare bottom several times back to his ass Rig manager Floyd Nagle was unhappy. We don't treat this as a funny incident. He said to his library family oriented business It's a long time incident. We tried to do it. We can't protect ourselves from providence like that. I guess he meant the Trojan's lost the game against BYU 6 to 4 the night before they lost three to one Utah State. Boy they got some tourists U.S. E. Rollin' to your hockey coach Mark Wilber said the incident highlights the frustration that can come with plain tournament constellation mountains Early in the morning after a loss far from home. Well yeah early in the morning go chill We want to drop your pants and ride your hockey stick like a horse and slap your ass a little bit Sure why you don't like hockey stick early in the morning. All you're doing is asking for seniors to lose stupid stuff He said that sounds like the kind of coming here in this station like the rationalization of any kind of stupid job behavior Well, it's because it was early in the morning If the season's over he'd just like to pack up the team during our home he said Wilber said he had no specific policy redeeming with publicly buried bottoms Back to him. I sure as hell don't condone it on a level he said Prosecutor Scott Wyatt last when told about the incident to the state capital where he's a member of the Utah house He declined to say whether he'd press charges. They maximum penalty by the way six months in the slamer He had a lot of time to be moon in the inmates in there That was pantaloonies dad. I'm shredded over big. Yeah, well, that's my call I'm seeing things for police. Why it's a that's the story from North Logan, Utah about the bare bottom hockey golly Drop it as pantaloonies seven ninety eight will have eight hundred and two shades of a landstale before you can say oh we by A gosh by golly How's the any phone calls from then I was going to take a zinnitum today I was going to take about 4,000 calls between down to a clock because I figure it being Wednesday the middle of the week and Also, maybe we can get some people to call and explain what asked Wednesday's all about That's because sure let's do that. Well, there's an an a cool smith's mother on the stand That's the one and a cool say she was an evil bitch. Remember there's some of us can relate and evil hateful bitch. Yeah Some of us could relate to that whole moms and evil bitch And the people who tell you what kind of a really mean when your mom is alive because I know you got it all the time We take calls on the show where people would tell you what kind of a relationship you should have with your parents. Oh, yes But oh you love that all the time as if they know why I didn't I used to hear my that why don't you help out your father And we used to get all the time. Oh, yeah, she's been dead for a few years now. But nevertheless All the experts all well of course that's the end to fact to you and all these people listen to the shows They're the experts on your life and my life and my that's right everything just ask him no setting or don't WQA M hello Okay, there's our first call today and successful dial tone. Let's hear it. All right Please that's working that is working WQA M hello Okay, sir You'll get you see that new video The movie of the JFK and jack one and what about what of what is that proof? Doesn't prove anything but if you look behind on the other side of the street There's a guy in a suit in sunglasses and Just as a mother case has to in the set of watching Jackie and JFK he looks up to his last door to the town school book to pause for a moment Yeah, absolutely Wow, and what does that tell us doesn't solve anything but a better thing Well, you're easily interested. Okay. Thanks very much for their. She got it's very Easy interested. I saw that footage. I showed her about 40 million times because they've got it That's why they do it because they got it and they can't show it and It didn't show me a damn thing. It didn't add a damn thing to it It's set of course like I said yesterday for the narration by the network shills Well, it's been well proven at late harbryas while was the little session. Oh no, it has about that sure Yeah, sure like Frankie Pan-Tangely would say Look at this full man is it gonna be one of those days that would not be good on ass Wednesday That's because they're all in church on their knees. I would bet and maybe some of it might even be pran You better not start being this respectful man William Donahoo from the Catholic League is gonna start Kick in your ass you better watch it mister who will be peeing all over your leg if you don't watch it That William Donahoo with the Clint's teeth the one that's out there Then we'll far-bis and guy, you know So we scream at about anti-catholic discrimination and but I mean, but I would put it but about and he never met a mafia Hitman they didn't like all that stuff WDQAM hello Happy S Wednesday hello Really, yeah, I don't know where the squad chips today. I don't know. I wasn't there were you Yes, very very bad Well stream and Marty draw our starting this fully tighten up the machines Oh the type of the type of the machines will out to the how woodbine is today. Okay. How are the machines yesterday this guy? Like that oh Man, I kissed the ground. I'm kissing the tip right here. I'm kissing everything I can kissing ass even my own That I'm not there what a place the sunny shinin here. It's kind of toasting gonna be 38 plus three Celsius today not too bad nice day for woodbine and guess what I just noticed? What and look at out my nice window with these sunny there's not a cloud in the sky. It's a beautiful day For the 21st of February and the snow you know that we had that one day where we had like three four inches So it's all gone every every flake basically is all gone for my first of February So like that guy to call yesterday, you know what's your take on global warming? What's your take on life and death? What's your take on crap, you know I'm so glad that I'm out there you have no idea in 114 both of you is outstanding pulled all the syndagogies Call us oh Maybe you spend a lot of time around other men in the locker room in the shower Maybe you play to the NBA your retired and you have the need to express yourself Nothing says it better than a card new from small mark the team hardaway collection Each card with a built-in chip opens to play a heartfelt message I hate great people the team hardaway collection features the most offensive thoughts in a lovely package Close-minded ignorant sentiments that question was really going on with the sender Oh You know I let it be no I don't like the same Say it with a card when you play homophobia and protest too much It's a cry for help and a greeting the next time you have an opinion that's inappropriate But you just have to say it Dig a whole for yourself by sending a card from the team hardaway collection From small mark when you care enough to make a jackass of yourself All right 1031 at 5 am 60 WCAM 5 in cruel sprints says you have no idea how lucky you are being in Canada and not subject to the enemy cool saga 24 hours a day I did do get out over who will take possession of the body and wear and an accolest myth will be fair I'm sure we are we're following it like the dog follows the set of a butchered cat Interesting the jackass judge. Sidelims become the 2007 version of judge Edo says bomb cross brings well guess what somebody also facts this in Which I already care about that first part about the AM radio station with a super bolt tickets you find that even marginally interesting No, I don't but the other part on here TMZ has learned judge Larry sideline's dream is to become a judge on a TV courtroom show how come you responded? We're George this appeared to Let's just say it wasn't gas that he had So in other words he he's making a return trip as we speak Yeah, yeah He was racing down the hall Oh, that's not good. Oh, man The endlessly entertaining Florida judge who's hearing the end of the cool cases had a TV show on the brain for months It says sources say judge sideline is even made a demo tape of cases that were recorded in his courtroom Oh, Gary talk about a hand bone Judge sideline whose name is extremely similar to judge Judy Shindland his name is Larry sideline Silent and Shindland Graduated from night night law school in New York side of little was a taxi driver who worked his way through his school at the age of 28 He was the youngest judge ever to be elected in Broward County They 56 year old hand bone judges married with a young daughter George give back yet or not. No, yeah, wow Heavy duty man. That's bad. Well, he just goes right at the beginning of the break. I guess it did now who's this on the bat line Q.A.M. Bateline. Hello Hello, hey, can I be on hold fucking hear the show Who's this I don't want to miss anything Are you why you know come back for about an hour or so what does come on with you now? Well, you know that sound that you've made when you get to the bottom of the milkshake Yeah, well, that's what I'm that's the kind of sound that I don't want to hear about it Okay, we don't hear the sound. Okay, we don't hear those slurping sounds There's certainly would be good. Take one up where you get check. Oh, yeah, I'm going So there's George that's the first on the new Roger show George calling from the can all right that was excellent Is that beautiful or what that's awesome? That was that was a radio first okay? Who says we don't do something new and different every day on this freaking The dance old show we're legendary we are we are legendary. I am legendary forget about you okay? Hey, you're legendary. I'm a piano. Yeah, you're a piano all right What's too bad because I just did the judge Judy's a story there with judge Simon well we'll repeat that when George if George ever pulls his pants up and comes back out of there Remind me to do that again because he's all he's all whipped up about this George he hates him like poison and rightfully so Heming it up though the whole thing is a forest those two minutes Oh, yes today. It just like a surface. He's just conducting a surface in there George now are talking about it judge Judy It's funny because she's she's not trying to be funny. She just says no she's like he's just down your round Right, that it's just funny that it's coming from her mouth this guy is trying to be funny. It's just contrived. It's not funny What is nothing worse than that ask our morning guys? Okay, how are we doing here? We got 800 32 votes on the pool? What is the reaction you get when you tell others you listen to Neil? Who's Near Rogers 204 that's bad man. If this is not a good sign Considering a week from Mars by 31st anniversary on the earth is a god for sake and market 31 years and there are still people out there who that put that That's just people trying to while you up know it is not everybody loves you You know, seriously between George is problem in a can and your suction this week man I don't know whether I'm gonna survive all this I think oh Those folks will like to gotta say he uses my all there But no they're not this is our audience doesn't lie. Okay our audience is 100 honest Who's Near Rogers 204? I don't tell anyone I was in the meal. 109. I wouldn't either All right, so to why 93 all right I can't stand that bastard 76 that best Donald Dome He's still on I thought he retired or died 53 You like Neil too. I love him. He's the center of my universe. I want to meet him stock him do him and be in 52 Send a picture 80 the greatest 44 after 39 why why do you listen 33 You FM comedy pink oh 33. I hate this full 32 3.08 percent that's cool That's cool is got Which you can't get cooler net when see on what station 29 and If you get away from me 11. I mean, I don't know how else to like what other words to use in it What's got all those symbols? You know those swear words Screw you get away from me 11. Well, that's not too bad They're unclean. I did you ever make it back or not? I guess not Wow, he's still doing so much so that you had last week He's one having an episode like you had last week When how was that? Remember your elevator. Oh, I see oh No, you joke him. He didn't like well, I've never seen George run that fast before We have the last break and he'll be in my phone. I'm sure the runs I see That's bad 32 a.m. Hello I actually taking calls from people other than George. Yeah, yeah, what's with the necitoria tone today? What? Yeah, I keep the thing. I think I look for a second guy for a straight guy out of the box You're asked you about that tape and you you give me a real hard luck to Kennedy tape. Yeah, I mean You've got an 9. Try it. Yeah, I give me a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a yeah. Yeah. Why did you see the did you see the tape? Yeah, did you find anything interesting on there? Well, I think that you got to give it a little time I don't have a trip. It's boring man. It's boring and you're boring, okay? Give it a little time by the way, but it's always here. It's how to give people a lot more time I'm gonna tell you something sure there's nothing worse than being intentionally boring Some people are accidentally boring like those are gacky. They just sound that way and they can't help it They're trying their best, but they're just they were boring boring But putting jackasses like you on here to give me a lecture about how I should have the necitoria tone I like that It was nothing interesting about that tape. Okay. It was Jackie and J.K. In the limo before the shooting and it was nothing nothing We're seeing they've shown it 50 trillion times. I'd rather watch Dick Taney fold on and break his neck Which hopefully you'll do here in the world Case for war from former ambassador Joe Wilson Prosecutor Patrick Fitzpate. We know all about it and nobody cares about that They want to know about this this freaking judge WDQAM hello Hello All right, I'm gonna okay get new phone get one of works Did George make it back there right here? Oh there you go. I mean I didn't fall in anyway. That's good. No You know there's radio history that was radio history in the making so yeah George was making and we were making radio history I'm the legendary radio Rogers. I heard some real boring call when I came in here that was yeah exactly I'll come here so I'm never the necitoria tone about the JFK you know You saw that tape are good for 80 billion times and there's nothing Be erasing absolutely nothing to say you know, and this is because there's nothing else going on So you didn't hear the thing about George Sideland was made a demo take the cases that recorded in his courtroom and his name is extremely similar to a juby Shindland his name was sideline he was a judge Judy at 28 was the youngest judge ever to be elected in Broward and the he's Got a TV show on a brain for months is here. Yes, it says his dream To become a judge on a TV courtroom show or 17 and so on is this as if we haven't I'm a stick it up. He's yuckin. I like it. He's stick it up all right, but then there is deep as he can reach baby He's stick it all the money But he's not now and then this is supposed to be some heavy duty stuff You know about the kid and we're so concerned about poor Danny Lynn and this one and that one that pootred riding body and all this crap I don't care about it all In fact, let me just tell where the CBC since that one facts that we you know you're lucky to be there Not to be dead huge with all this crap. Let's see if the CBC is not actually on progress in the capability of They rock you see there's the CBC they got 20 be a little significant in the world people are dying all over the place Violence and murder and blood shit and they got real news on there not freaking animal cool Smith and her Putschard sticky body Who was he sponsored Team ever I grew up in the Catholic well Served as an alter boy every Sunday after master priest would ask if I could say later But ask if you go on a little Work me that an egg with on wood people If I didn't get down on my room and that nobody should ever know That he showed me his holy roll Alterly boys when they wear a dress Comes in handy for easy access They reach up under their a give it a grab and like in mess Whether not to set sets the parents got mad and if we got on at least until the Vatican paid them all All of they just about to Arizona to will retrieve you get forgiven by the Pope and kids is little brown-oing Oh 1046 14 to 11 a few. I want to see that's what I went to this kids. Well, it's a pretty pristine and clean as a the old queen Mad dog you two four to five to power our with Hank in the Mad Dog together hang on me go over five to seven then all boy How much of parents say there today? Is he oh he probably is there because it's a home game? Is he there? I think I saw him today. No, who cares? Seven o'clock at two weekends warm up seven thirty its Cain's basketball against Virginia and then the correct Cain's wrap up when the game is finally over at long-lasting and then game night would just he actually are following that game Oh, not game night on a hurricane's and I kind of talk about that all-way to midnight. Are they on this station? Oh my god couple more for the poll one and look where this is from University died You know, I'm sure hope they're song some cars over there because they sure has helped spend most of the rest of the day Facts nuts bunch of crap for the poll. Why do you listen to a fag? That's good and also why do you listen to an atheist? We'll put the right on there get those right on there Here's another poll from somebody what judge is like the most memorable impression and your mind This is good. I like that. Yeah, I'd walk around here and judge duty and a lot of strangers It's good. Thank you very much. Love pulls are coming in like crazy lately and you know what I don't care if they're good enough Now here's an interesting article from Andy and my me beach which I already saw this You see how I dropped I was number oh son number 15 or something like that in the talker magazine poll and I'm done number 69 They feel they would put something a little more suggestive in there. Yeah It says you were talking to the day about saw grass mills new seem to ask a lot about it So here's the scoop. Yeah scoop this Andy They didn't envision last year that makes it about 2.6 million square feet Which makes it the fourth largest mall in the country. How do you like that? I Haven't sure I'm all's new edition put it about 2.5 million square feet to fifth largest by comparison Since I know you spend much of your time there and we're trying to not the eaten center is 1.6 million square feet Well, I guess Toronto's gonna have to apologize and get our hands in easy to say oh We're so sorry that the eaten centers only 1.6 million square feet, but the saw grass is so much bigger The only difference being that I can see is that the eaten center got a lot of great stores and there's good reasons to go there That's that's what I see And then it goes on to say the shop is its saw grass It's a pretty me as the typical suburban Broward resident shoppers now if you ever heard anything so we're taking a listen your life No, I Mean I never meant anybody who speaks English if the saw grass I haven't her malls usually a flash fest packed with women showing off their goods They're big boobies battle harbour shops, which has the highest sales for square foot in the country. Oh Andy must be a a mall expert I guess the Bentley trophy wife cry and I saw Tom Brady there if he weeks ago shopping alone Poor Tom he needs company of course the hottest women are at Lincoln road with their dogs saw grass does seem that bus in tourists a certain times of the year It's not unusual that saw grass is one of Florida's largest tourist attractions that happens a lot with malls For example, it says the eaten center is listed in Guy books as the number one tourist attraction in Toronto Oh my god I mean how about to see in tower how about the skydome the eaten centers that I've worked tourist attraction Toronto about the hills apartment Also, which is a sublatives talkers magazine has the meaning was 2007 heavy hundredless putting you at the Ampipo 60 on position Randy was lucky number 13 Oh, yeah, she's a gone along way with my material. I'll say that. Good nevertheless who cares? 800 and 73 votes on the poll that they let's get the phone smoke in here man Redroch was in there. He was smoking it. Let's get this. I don't think it's gonna happen in the phone. I don't know You don't know what I don't know if it is I mean you don't think so But Henry for our to promising and of course. I'm so negative to her about the that Kennedy tape, you know 567.0560 pound five 60 of the Verizon singular wireless line S Wednesday baby I think it's could be very educational I think a lot of us heathens would like to find out what it's all about and what the significance is of shmaring a man shoes on your forehead What's that supposed to prove what does it do for you? How about a hunch where the ashes on my machine? It would bind today. I love those people. We help. I love the especially women But sometimes guys you know sometimes like guys from India and place like that for your superstitious and they take and they Rub their hands over the glass on the machine, you know They rub their hands across the butt and then they lose their ass, you know I don't know what is that supposed to do is I for good luck is an ass on the machine, you know They rub their hands across the butt and then they lose their ass, you know I don't know what is that supposed to do is I for good luck is that the night I guess there's also just superstitious rituals that people do On the gamble lucky do where things in like me Q. I am hello Everybody Tonight Everybody Young tonight W Q. I am hello. Oh a new yes, sir. I got much to go to mall extra buddy and it sounds like it But let me answer question. Is it the path? Art of the center or the in center separate? Well, I mean the path is an underground. Yeah, it goes through the inside area That's a that's pretty damn big, so I think that's probably bigger than sagras, but sagras is okay All right, you'll think you're no okay Man, you don't want to be here. I can't imagine anybody not wanting to be with the Cream of the crafty intelligence. You need these people are the best the path the path is just an underground A walkway they have it Montreal too. I don't know what they call it theory But they have the same thing underground and of course in cities of north where there's a lot of brutal weather All of them are so much late because we have global warming we're all gonna die, but aside from that It's an underground path that goes you know through the in center to a lot of a for blocks and blocks and does it and I don't really pay much attention to it Okay, I'm not kind of an underground kind of guy. I like being above ground. I don't know about you I guess that all depends on who's on the ground and who's above it and what they're doing. WQ. I am hello Yeah, yeah What have they mentioned there if a bit that you came out this shooting call something in there Oftentimes in this market fish and He's an idiot he's an idiot mark Fisher he's the one I wrote that had to chop in a hero on me 100 years ago He's a jackass mark Fisher let me say to against your in traffic magazine the hero he ripped me an ass He didn't have to chop he should only croak a wicked death. I don't want to be negative to relate that one guy said What is with these people? Oh, well somebody mentioned you and talkers magazine and somebody mentioned you and Mark Fisher made mark Fisher and make he Fisher okay same guy God are you people terminal? Why did you talk me to take any stupid calls today because I'm a bastard cuz you really are Because you don't like to pull today so you're all been out of shape. That's why God is punishing you I don't feel better than her she squirts or whatever you got by the way speaking to that Yes, I have a work to watch this bathroom and you realize it somebody missed and There's a listen listen listen. Listen. We right now nip it in the butt. Okay, I know you I know you're speaking from recent personal experience We're not an excritory on a show today. Okay, we have enough baggage. We have enough baggage in the morning. Okay With desperately trying to find where that line is and usually being way way over it We have enough deal to deal with that. We're not going to contribute our part. Okay We're going to be clean and pristine says this nasty old queen. I am nasty today because that's a guy. We're just so negative to worry about cuz you're boring cuz you are Terminally boring Guy for me in a coma. I think I'm going to have them install my own wheel of force in my sheen right here in the studio So while a show is on I can like a little entertainment God To get these people is like like taking X an X taken a handful don't want to ruin the the surprise that I was saving for the future I don't want to smell it smell during your birthday I made a an enormous effort to find a sloth machine to send you I found really an affordable one a real real one that you could stick your tokens in and stuff like that Token but they would have got your least token. You just punch somebody up. I know I did well I'm waiting for you to finish this story about my problem with just shipping and the and the customs and the tariffs and all that stuff It just wound up cause what is this? Come saying hello Reverend Jones. We have Reverend Jones is an ass here. We know WQAM hello QAM I'm punching these and I got news for nothing happened QAM I'm holding it up to hold on let me get up to speak or phone. Yeah, well could hold in the deal Nearly filled my big shaman salad Just wanted to reach out to you this morning at a beautiful day in South Florida. I trust you're still on Toronto that is correct. You're that is absolutely correct. I'm in beautiful Toronto the sun is shining It's gonna be 38 degrees the snow is melted. It's a lovely day in paradise. Oh, hey In the meantime, I'm still I'm clutching I'm holding on to it in anticipation of your speed Return to South Florida for one of your ever so popular appearances. Are you still making them? No, I'm not I have you changed your wardrobe. Yeah, I know something I was a quarter of a second away from that Don't be just Wow I was just gonna say that I've got a new wardrobe before I can come back and He just beat me to the punch. I'm in fact I was gonna ask him about my new wardrobe Like it, but he had never chance to tell me was too busy. You're kidding about people's holdment and squeeze It 81 on a pole will make a thousand easy today Christmas fight of our dire predictions before to show That's all we care about In fact, I'm gonna tell you right now I as is concerned this business Okay, which is gone into the tank and it's concerned to South Florida the colors and this phone I there are only two things that I care about as far as as far as radio you know what they are The tent to be a hunt and the 25th of each month those are the only radio connected things that I have Any interest in hot so ever, okay the 10th and the 25th payday speak in a candy bars I don't know if I ever had a payday like there a lot of nuts in there Yes, it's like new getting nuts payday sometimes you feel like a nut and Sometimes you don't know what about us a get far what is that? I don't know There's exactly whatever that. What I think that exact I think is oh Zagnut. Uh-oh Zag rhymes with fag Oh Attention sport holes are you gay and heart all day naked stay the classic way with new heart away The anti erectile or Robertson heller hello This is Donna me chief for happy we remember me from such film as trading places and cocoon I was excited to come back a life to tell you about this unexciting product design to unexcite you next time Your standing is a locker room surrounded by naked men just radulettes around the pizza guard shaped heart away and hairling before You begin to hate yourself or go in and around and you'll soften to a flyable mushroom that folds neatly into a confident and League apps from up on hardaway anti-gay and keep the bag at your way Nine hundred votes on a pool, but we got a thousand easy today Even though we're very negative to any audience is just more disgusting than ever than usual Here's a poll a poll a fact from Tracy who says about ass Wednesday She says ass Wednesday is the first day of length Which lasts for four days ending in Easter it's today after a shrub Tuesday, Marty Gra The last day of carnival season carnival from the Latin carnival a which means farewell meat I Think I said that Marce time when Catholics give up something traditionally meet for the London season until Easter the show penance and reflect on the sacrifices of Jesus and blah blah So it's a good thing I have my meat loaf yesterday That's right First they don't have no meat loaf or wood by anyway, but you know I can eat there free anytime I want you to understand that I didn't know my card right and the food that they serve there I wouldn't I wouldn't serve it to a kitty cat. That's how bad it is There are loopholes in a land where you can have meat on Fridays or something in Catholics of Irish heritage Our scent from fasting on Saint Patty's day which is mighty convenient. No says Tracy. Yes Here in the Orleans many people give up different things and not everyone who does it is Catholic It's a pretty heavy tradition here and is our local excuse for the excessive decadence of carnival season says Tracy. Thank you, Tracy. That's for you Oh, I should have you in that up. Sorry For line. Can I be length and I said that before? Can I be length? How about can that be felt? 900 on the pool. Maybe even though George hates this pool like poison No, that other word about the course restaurants. I hated like poison. This one. Oh, I'm sorry WDQAM hello, yes, sir. That's that's him again Over and over and over and over WQAM hello QAM wow see I've touched you. I don't have Feel it. Hey, Neil. Have Wednesday. Let me see your booty shake come on booty shake booty booty booty booty shake that we see that booty shake shake Was that Harry Casey I think it was A judge yesterday order that OJ Simpson's has come from past work on movies TV and commercials go directly with a family murder victim Ron Goldman But he rejected the families building class Simpson's earnings on future projai All of it Simpson as we all know well to too well was acquitted October 95 of murder charges in the June 1994 Slangs of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and Goldman But a civil court jury later held him live off of the killings in a wrongful death lawsuit ordered him to pay 33 and a half million dollars Most of that that remains on paid Simpson allas as you know it says here in Miami and the Sun's settle I would call it candle myself Is that way lives? Oh, yeah, it's candles on a corporate a day for Miami. He lives there Lawyers for both sides portrayed two days ruling on royalties whether it means by LA County Superior Court Judge Zero Rosenberg as a victory Simpson attorney Yelga Lanter said royally Simpson receives some past work for film such as the naked gun moving the TV show first in 10 Among two almost nothing last year Simpson's royally chess model of his movies were less than 39 cents client or said they're what that's too much If he got 30 even if he got about 30 million cents still too much They got kicked to the curb again. He added every door. They're banging on gets slammed However golden attorney David J. Cook said the ruling on past royalties was a step in the right direction indicating the family would seek to determine what Simpson's royally is really amount to We presume there is money. We're not gonna take their word for it Cook said Rosenberg referred ruling on a third request by the govins to collect any advanced money Simpson may have received for the book and TV show if I did it if I'd done it He's scheduled a hearing on the matter March 13 the if I'd done it project in which Simpson was to explain how you Might have committed the killings was abandoned. I made public outrage Simpson may tenses innocence of course has said he took part in a project a security show Instanential future and then his advance for the project has already been spent God almighty He's what's wrong with South Florida right there and plus of course most of the colors. WQ. I am hello Q. I am you can do it. No, yes, sir. What was up? They go through the guy late on your buddy's shoulder Uh WQAM hello Wow, yeah, that was the word. That's what I said QAM hello. Hey, yeah, yes, you got all of that good Yeah, including you WQAM hello It's extra special Wednesday. I like this I Mean the mood for I might do it the whole four hours today. You know that this is kind of I got a hair in my anodes M1 and my several in the year Because they're so extra special good today WQAM hello If we're talking about important things like football then we begin some real education intellectual calls 905 votes in a pool well, that's kind of slowed down a little bit We just had 900 like a whole bunch of minutes ago. Let me refresh it 909 now we're talking WQAM hello And they all not quite firm as always when you take the deep breath before you start M4 C where some well, they know I am that to put the fake voice on this Somebody who was sucking through a few It's just suck it all right. Yeah. I know that WQAM hello See this thing again more technical in condoms QAM hello Neil yes Call the rip on South Florida. Yeah What's with the high curb down here? Can't make a left-hand turn you got to drive two goddamn miles 560560 and pound five 60 and he Verizon singular wireless line WQAM hello A lot of short calls today. We could probably working about 50,000 today The way things are going do it. I had no problem. I'm just in the mood for it. No problem whatsoever WQAM hello Yes, sir. I could give you the name if you The name of the game WQAM hello Okay You know I finally took your advice That's the white over to Italy in Rome. We went there and captured a little bit and It was just wonderful. I never been before and On real the food even just thanks for your over in Rome and we we stayed in September You know the old section and I just sent a blast So I did it on your advice and had a blast and appreciate all your help and love to shelter Welcome any okay. I'm even urge as Larry would say no you say Larry. I'm even dirt 560560 and travel man get out of South Florida whatever you do I realize it's only the 21st of February. It's not like time of year when most people are planning vacation stuff I start planning to right now Starting like in about April would be good Get the hell away man. We fresh your brain clean out your brains if you still have any after being there Maybe that's what's happening to George. Maybe that's what your deal is. Well, that could be maybe your brains are purging now Which of course it wasn't great matter? How about a hockey talk a little hockey talk yeah How about a lot of empanters they lost last night and you know what about them? What about them sir? Yeah, they're this hockey talk. Okay. There's another shop for a road scholar The intelligence you the cream of the crap crop Well hockey talk how about them panthers? How about them dolphins? How about them marlins? How about them rednicks? Sir you would know a hockey puck if they took 45 thousand women and stuck them streaming hot into your inner gender colon hockey talk my ass Yeah, hockey talk what is that hockey company? Yeah, I think I'm going to play hockey talk by Bill Dugget There we go now we're talking hockey comes part to you play the course. I was on love that hill dog. I was saying 50 I don't have a good well too much How about you play and how 2 a m put it again What do we hit again how many times you got hit this super thing? I hit it three times and I'll forth an oidiment associate producer now connected You know we got we got a technical thing which is the engineer would come in one morning before the show We could just it's a lot more of the internet problem. We're having today No, no this happens every day mister this isn't part of the end that problem you're having today This happens every day for months now what you mean talking about man? What you mean talking about? You know what I'm telling you if you I'm telling you you're snowing 2 a m So yeah, triangle of do is for you for our good have a good time doing it W Q a m hello Hello, no, yes, sir You play the thing that week that the guy was talking about how you can do things that people Like helping all the lady across the street with groceries and make a lot of effort and he Yeah, I'm good yeah Oh, okay, that was just anyway you can get that other than here in the commute. No, okay Well, I'll make a feel better for wood dining ones. They think it's great. It is good Thank you. I am hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I like to speak with nil Rogers. You're speaking to him, sir I am yes you are Okay, well a couple weeks ago I was in town and I was driving or at it town and they had a a phone the gays song ever Yeah, and I want to know What the winner of that poll was And why do you want to know the winner of the poll what what how's that gonna affect your life so we can play it in the car line? Well, the reason being is that I think I knew I tried to call in the gay song ever No, I think it was ever mentioned and what was that sir? What do we owe men? I you I believe you in the now again a lot for section. So I think you is what you admitted was a low-law No, low was on the pull had it Yeah, we had it. Everybody was YMCA and you're a gay is what you gave wow they are good You're right in fact, you know when it's this good. It's like sex when it's that could you just want more and more and just can't stop you know The kinks Nice I couldn't even hear the dancing 9 16 old be on the pool Propaget 11 I'm QM to hell with all that sports stuff man. We're just gonna take a meeting call 30 million something and say cheese 30 where the city gets the release from a 2 Culture is a dance we all know 19 at five 16. Nobody comes here your friend Brandon says he's gonna be some pull ideas today How about stores that used to love like zayers and jay birens and ver all of these and Jordan Marish pigly weekly yeah, why do you like that one and he's the other one about the restaurant all being sarcastic Oh, I see well, I thought I told him I said you would hate it like poison. I'm not gonna do the pull every day Just because you will prefer because you like it Because somebody who's going to be fried you the pull have to ask George I put pulls on there that I think or horrendous too just because you know what else you're gonna do Better idea calls that I think our renders today What else you gonna the South Florida man? It's our it's our crowd. It's the South Florida intelligence here. It's the crowd 567 come on. Are you people can't even keep it up today? I mean we're not looking for quality Working for a zillion calls today new people can't even do it. Maybe it's because it's ass Wednesday Now is this a day when people go to church and they get the smear down the forehead or what correct And of course if you're really clever you get like a little thumbprint It's like an Iraq when they voted and they had the purple finger or whatever And if you have like a little a thumbprint on your forehead when I what what does that mean? Does that is that like a Nancy the world at your cat lick or what oh yeah? I'm gonna go to things It means you're really Catholic I mean I see harm what about if you have the whole pom prune on your forehead. What does that mean that means you're extra Cat. Oh Is that mean you're getting ready for palm someday? That must be it. That's cute When are you people gonna grow up already when are you gonna stop with this nonsense already when is it gonna stop? I was telling George before to show today I really believe this the only hope for the future of the human race and this is the truth The only hope For the future is a ban on all religions Yeah, good luck That's great Well, I mean it's bad for business obviously, but never let that that's silly hope Make people think stop with the fairytale stop believing garbage stop letting your life like a ritual Everything these people do it's a ritual Not I want to get that William down a whole wall of that not a shape but the cathartines when it comes to rituals baby They sure got it down pad they got every between the way for a no wine and the And of course the Jews would the sisters and the fulfilling and all this other crap the doveting Are you picking on the Jews again? Oh, is that you know the state not only the Jews in the Arabs that they're all circumcised they have that in common But the doveting you know the Arabs are doing a thing with the other the only things the Jews are lacking is the magic carpet W to Q a M hello W to Q a M hello 5 6 7 0 5 60 they can't even do it today. They cannot even a little bit not even a little touch and 5 60 the Verizon singular wireless line W to Q a M hello Yes, sir For at Wednesday come down here at the church W Q a M hello A new idea when little common for clarity about this instructor instructor Piddest is a pegrarch You have the instructor Piddest is in sort of shows with the reading that blows And exception all the other shows on those you know you got written that form five's and meanwhile guys that are on the on the Air for eight years again two and three so And so I thought guilty on the hockey game the other night, but the hell going on on the top of his head man It's all the crap Ask that per per guy. I asked a medical exam and I'll probably tell you maybe they're gonna rub their heads together two heads are better than one Got that guy's really weird the per per guy they've been showing him mole and mole lately and he is a strange Now there's a guy if anybody in the world oughta have a piece even who is a bad piece now I'm 141 votes. I think we got a chance maybe a thousand by noon, but I have my doubt say it. I think George is right. They hate this poll too too long and complicated W to Q a M hello Yeah, judges on their flat up W Q a M hello They've been showing Okay W Q a M hello Not in your whole thing mama I can slow the Barack Obama W Q a M hello Q Q a M hello Use that for the campaign W Q a M hello Q a W Q a M hello By the way for anybody who may be visiting because it is a matter of time We're in a lot of people you know what I saw for this is the visiting and wondering what they're listening to today This is the voices of for this show is known as the echo chamber of South Florida This is the crystal clear window of our community the window of the world in South Florida as we know it and have known it for many many years What you hear is what you get so after you soak up the sunshine Which it is going to be nice and warm nice and toasty toward the weekend I have to soak up the sunshine get yourself a nice millenoma going get that loud You know what you guys right when in doubt get that loud W Q a M hello Meal yes, sir A I gave up hockey when the local court announcer and now Pablo Barry That's when I gave up hockey in South Florida Yeah, when his name was Pablo Yeah Love you W Q a M how said Q a M hello Line nine Q a M hello W Q a M hello Q a M Hey Neville morning good morning geoser always pleasure You know I want to pick your brain here a little bit there partner feet online take a way sir go in I want maybe you could uh maybe discuss with your own opinion what would be some of the pros and Okay, hello, I'm listening. Yes. Oh, I'm sorry. Hey, maybe just discuss So pros and cons of the What I believe is probably going to be a Clinton Obama ticket here in another year and a half Could you maybe talk about that a little bit with a button Obama tickets is not going to be no Clinton Obama ticket are going to be running against each other. It's not going to happen. No one okay It's not ultimately doesn't she when the primary doesn't she take him with her? No, no, no Okay You asked me for my opinion you sound disappointed. No, she's not going to answer She's got a personality like a dead woman even as Morrell has got a better personality right now She'd been been for like 70 years Well, I would agree with that. You know, I mean so secret, you know Obama's and beauty as him as uh You know, it's what pens people are no one else meant to approach and all that and admittedly he lacks a little bit of uh, you know World of Ferris forever, but uh, I don't know. I just was you know try to get your uh feeling you know what you're thoughts on that Where I was you know thinking that would be a given you know, she went to primary I mean I said again there is no chance of that happening none zero. I'll say do that no All right, appreciate your input. I have a great life. Oh, there's my input in my output. I do like that 951 and a fuller creep it up there toward a thousand and if we can get a thousand on a crappy pull like this George Yeah, I don't only know is when we have a good pull if I want to borrow about the the funk TV game shows. Oh, can't wait I don't know why you're so down on that. What what is it with you with this you know What you're almost thinking like you were some 18 year old punk or something Look they fan of age in history. I just know that other people aren't Well, why not not maybe they might learn something. Oh, yeah, that's what he said. You know something I'm gonna tell you right now. I'm gonna turn it on. I bet you're right now It's 11 27 in the Bay City and look at that. I'm right 18 hundred eighteen hundred dollars 25 101 25 or 25 or 25 or I sure hope that guy was he look pretty good to me get baby This is I was this dude hot since his Britney Spears and for the rehab facility Wednesday But then check yourself out one day later for less than model behavior lately has raised a lot of eyebrows Video taken early Sunday morning in New York shows Britney Spears getting out of her remote and a bottle of what appears to be vomit Is visible in the back seat for driver covers her with vomit as she rushes by the cameras Newspaper reports they Britney was farting and then hadn't clubed 10 June Bringing to Kila from a bottle and just robbing so she could vomit and now video of her vomit It shows Britney in a less than flattering light Oh, poor Britney and of course we know that it couldn't just be another publicity stuff couldn't on any of these things that they work Constraint could buy me just from publicity couldn't I don't think this is I think she's wiggin No point right that she could use one 159 votes in a pool. I bet you'd decrease by a noon whenever I was both. Oh, we got it licked You know, look this no thank you for he's been kiss in my ass man last few days I don't know what they'll solve but what are you doing man? How are you that kissing your ass? You never stop never stop every chance you get I just Man when George was in the can you would just lick you lick you lick you was almost for a graphic Well, it's like maybe like the good cop bad cop George is like beating you up And I'm trying to make you feel better. Yeah, you'll lose massage Yeah, no, thank you You would believe how fast I can run for no queen I can I can I can not have endured I'll shuffle away from your fat as I'll take it in now can we get to this? Thanks for sure if you know I don't know what they're all Do we as for pool suggestions? Our friend Brandon there is like having our a horny on the computer there with pool suggestions like what's your favorite cereal? That's a good one Brandon What's your favorite cereal? And here's one after hearing with song about cartoons. How about a future pool? Suggested your favorite cartoon how many times have we done that? About 30 thousand oh Which one who's your favorite Chinese emperor right? I'm quite a whole pile of pools here in his fight with George say myself most of my pretty name good I don't care what you say for example this one maybe for Friday sounds good to me Wait what judge has left the most memorable impression in your mind? And here's the list that they've got so far Lawrence E. Atlanta, Burry, Silent San Rudeo Gio Connor judge Judy Clarence Thomas, Therence Token Thomas Earl Warren, Rye Brown judge Wattner Judge in bashing official Mills Lane and Antonio was That's not his name. Anthony Scully. This is Antonio get out of here. Anthony Scully. Hey Anthony 953 in the pool were creepin toward that thousand mark once we get it I'm just laying down on the floor I'm exhausted from the tremendous input we've had here day nine sixty four on that pool holy crap man Animal control authorities are not amused by a fast food change marketing stunt Encouraging customers to dress their cats in a special takeout bag I think that's cute pop right in the microwave. Newcoma little bit Tampa-based checkers drive-in restaurants is distributing rat cat bags designed with cutaway Eris for the cats legs in tail The cat heads sticks out the opening of the bag which is designed to look like a basketball jersey in gold chain Worn by the hip hop rat cat puppet in checkers spots Never seen that no and think we got no checkers here. That's probably why I'm not seeing no spots I Heals for a county animal services news release on Monday said forcing a real unwilling cat into a rat cat bag Would be considered a felony animal cruelty the bags warning not all cats will be down with this Waring this bag do not harm or endanger any cat Is not enough the agencies said the warning. What if you have a hip cat? We have no ill-willed toward checkers or rap cat as a character said animal services folks woman Marty Ryan Our message is that it's not a good idea to try to stuff a cat in a bag. It's just a matter of common sense I don't know sounds good to me She said the agencies prepared to go to court if necessary to stop the campaign checkers said it means they'll harm no harm no foul When our rap cat commercials began every last fall they were an overnight success at Richard tour Senior Vice President marketing for checkers. We received dozens of letters from our guest requesting rat cat merchandise Our new rap cat website cups and carry out bags are all in response to rap cats popularity or intended only is a creative extension of our television campaign Radves cat What's wrong with the rap cat? Depend on it. How tightly they're wrapped? WQA and hello I I think I'm just not getting it enough WQA and hello So Yes, sir the morning good morning, yes, sir. I got a full suggestion I'll reward how do you want but if you have one chance to kill somebody who would you kill? WQA and hello See I hit it and nothing happens kill my am Okay, sir, I wanted to you know that I put up here eating and make it with my rectum last night WQA and hello What's the change very Neil You think that judge from the animal coal cases of that cartelia? I think you have a key to the morgue Okay, yeah, he's awful concerned with the condition of that body. He wants to keep a clean and first-dead Oh, I know maybe maybe that'll be the scene on the first show he gets judge silence show where you know He whips out the body or whips out something 969 ever to we're gonna have over 1000 by the top of the hour boy our crappy poll like this and Here's the result even though George hates this What is the reaction you get when you tell others that you listen to me? 969 on there now who's Neil Rogers 239 But that's when you were kiss my ass. Oh, no, they all love you Neil. Yeah, that's what I want to give you a kiss Yeah, right ridiculous I don't tell anyone I listen to the 123 alright so to why 107 I can't stand that bastard 82 that best Donald 82 He's still on I thought he retired or died 64 you like Neil to I love him. He's the center of my universe. I want to meet him and stalk him to him be him 58 right And he degrade his 51. I hate this poll 41 4.2 percent that's not a very high number that hates his poll George on like you Yeah, only 4.2 percent that's cool 40 laughter 40 UF and Camille think 039 why 38 why would you listen to him? Went when's he on what station 31? I'm sure there's still plenty of people out there like that so I've been nine years F you get away from me 13 you listen to that bag three and why do you just do an atheist none? None zero zippity do that As long as I live I'll never forget I imagine 71 votes as long as I live Oh, another week or two I'll never forget It was in Pompano Beach remember the miracle The minor league baseball team we had in Pompano Beach and I was doing some kind of a parents there or whatever Yeah, I thought that was Bill Vach Jr. That was Bill Vach son. I was promoting that whatever the hell is nameless Mike feck Rimes with Drek and promoting the miracle and we didn't appearance out there or whatever and so now I'm going to the stadium in Pompano there. I'm going to watch the game And are these two old cochers up there sitting on the edge and I can you know It's as quiet you can hear a pin drop And I hear the one guy said the other one. Oh my god. That's the Rogers. You know he's an atheist But yeah, not he's a fag not he's you know anything else he's an atheist. I thought I thought they're gonna run for the hills He's not very thin. He's gonna go to the way he's in Bogotong. He's he did I should have I should have like sprung a big fat book Right at him or maybe I'll go yeah Some meat low for maybe just a loaf 20 to Luna QA. How long have I loved her? Oh, man from first sight. I mean just check out those good lights Dr. New Clark Warren founder of eCarminy.com You know there's a reason why some people love their cars more than anything else I was just looking for a second car but thanks to eCarminy I found the ride of my dreams. I can all excited my grab that stick and the ride They've done our 29 levels of compatibility eCarminy.com will match your personality with the perfect animal field. I was thinking something small Great on gas maybe even a hybrid but eCarminy told me that I was going through a midlife crisis and what I really needed was a hunter Look, Shardy's it's got spinners log on to eCarminy.com today and find out that true love is four wheels and 300 horsepower Oh, speak of that rescue divers on scene after car dives in a Florida canal do you see that? That's you'll be the new hobby now a car dives into the canal somebody didn't drive it into it. It just dove into it You know like Greg Lucena's coming up in the summer Olympics. Wow canal dive now Of the vehicle that is submerged in what is described as a canal Miami date county Florida Fort Waterdale is the city a Diver net All right, edible I Tony they county for love in L is the city. It just we moved the four-law day on the day. No See how the English I eat Come on. I do like that is that is that first they had four-later day up on there on the Not on the crawl but up on top and now this is WFOR day county Florida It says Miami day, but I won't see that those air bubbles from the vehicle inside there You know, I have a lot of canals but there's a lot of bad drivers is a bulletin for you 567.0.560 come on. Let you can do a man you can keep this going. Go to a clock You've got a really good start today so far we've had several really intellectual calls 560 neighborhoods in singular wireless line what's your take? That's a good poll question isn't no, and that's the end of the question what's your break dot dot That's what the what question you just put a bunch of random answers on there. What's your take? 989 I think we're gonna do it before noon Chris see Chris is he inherited this from Josh He's the pull-ups over now We're just gonna pull up I've got a pull-ups over for many years 989 we need to just love and votes for a thousand and then then I can sit back and relax Start thinking about putting my shirt on my pantaloonies maybe my little shoe action little bit later on Get ready for wood by and wins day. Oh brother I'm gonna start taking my nose clips with me though, you know So yeah, I had a woman that that woman that farted next to me last week. Oh a Sunday I'm still can't get over I can still Identify in other word I can still smell is one trying to say oh Yeah, I can still they're almost yes still there in my nostrils malingering. Yes. How many Q. I am hello How many Q. I am hello I'm here I'm here Speaking please I went to a concrete company Yeah, with the phone invoice yeah W to Q. I am hello Q. I am I W 2A and hello I'm here I knew I work and I get that flavor wave is or what's that you might be able to connect you to or Hit lemme ask you this. I don't want to want to be curt with you or Chris or Joe or anybody else But you know you could Google it flavor wave oven. You know flavor wave deluxe just The way V right flavor now flavor if they'll flavor a VOR flavor wave deluxe oven And those chicken and then taking off the brain minute from frozen no less not just as it's cooking But from frozen like in no time at all Mmm, okay, drive that okay. See if you're heading there and see what happens Fries brains too Of course in his case. Okay. Let's see if we got that thousand year Man, I'm very very tense about this Of course we usually prefer for the house and by two with not even Nunu But you know on Wednesday from noon to I'm not really thinking about the show I'm thinking about woodbind 993. Mom not bad. Huh not that at all We got 11 minutes for sub both ss easy even even a even a child could do that Even JJ there. You know punches pooled baby. I took a that promo just it just sends me right to the board You know, yeah, and it's also a really old promo that I'm Yeah, you think maybe they could come up with a new one where he does say no punches pooled or whatever that let is Or they don't ask you should you wait for the O7s to come out. Yeah I know don't be starting to pick on that guy man. That's not good the good idea Chris Not a good idea. People picking on JJ WQA Hello Yeah, pick this okay. WQA. I'm hello Yes, sir I keep what I was talking about the squad machines and radio You must do pretty good or something down here my amy and I used to go frequently to Make a suit you So I literally lost my ass a couple times and I think I left out there my underwear and as God says that you never clearly again. I don't know you have good luck over there. No No, I can handle it. Oh man. I can handle it. You can handle it. Yeah I think I can make more in a week than you're gonna make in your lifetime. I don't want to get to the press. Go away 560 560 560 Seriously, are they ever gonna do anything with the phone situation? Lion one has been out for months and months. Maybe a year. I could be wrong about that But it's hard. They could be what is it longer than that longer than a year? It's probably longer than a freaking year, okay? And we have a little some kind of a glitch here that we didn't know it wasn't here before and it's obviously in the internet connection And it would take like about 10 seconds to get that fixed and we could coordinate with so let me say this to you Okay before the show tomorrow I can't do it because then I'll mess up their calls on a morning show. I sure would not do that I wouldn't want to interfere with that oblong table WQAM hello I like custody WQAM hello Cut me I like custard too frozen almond chocolate QAM hello I need I do and okay sir Hey, I just got to see thing you just bit get some dummy talking about not us a rock in And something What about what's probably gonna happen in the lead or minute of get on there again with rock it'll be Well, argument is yeah, they're gonna run a black in a Jew together would be really brilliant Yeah, the leverments gonna get on there. What what are you people are you want like heavy-duty magic mushrooms? Did the shipment from Amsterdam this coming you crazy Yeah, it's gonna be Barack Obama and Julie remain And then we can get some other Getsky and there are two just to make danger that met a chance We mean we can we can convert what's his name it Romney from the Republicans get him over on the ticket 998 yeah, a Mormon a Jew and a Half-half in half I was like the set up to a joke Yeah, sure does Mormon a Jew and a half and half guy walking to a bar The Jew and the fuck on his head he says and says what's with the scissors? 998 Well, I keep refreshing this thing and I maybe we'll get to the thousand right like in the middle of the sense But they're likely in fact they don't we got eight minutes for those two they don't want to overdo it Plus they're probably too busy calling anyway WQAM hello Two-way Yes, sir, if you cooked a flavor of flavor in the flavor WQAM hello You have a little Yes, sir My de-girl Yeah back at you WQAM hello QAM yes, sir Hey, Neil good morning. How are you doing? Okay Listen, I want to rest of being by you and you tell me what I'm being irrational Which I don't see anybody in the media saying or what our fear starts all world war three and starts bombing your own Is irrational to say that after he does tell bombing your own that all the Muslims over there in the midies What is prevent them from turning on our soldiers meaning just start killing them indiscriminately? Why do I hear nobody other than the uh I don't know let me ask you this question, dude. Do you think they're just killing and discriminately now or indiscriminately? Are they are they discriminating? That's right No, no, that's not what I'm asking What I'm saying is after he starts bombing your own okay? What is I'm not talking about your surgeons? I don't know What is to keep the Muslims saying okay, through this? That's probably because of the side Sure, you know, see us shooting whatever we are and this is going to the soldier and you know just to kill them off How come I hear nobody saying anything about that Hello, what does that have to do with Brittany's haircut and then a cool body you better get with it, sir You're you're way behind the times man. Don't start worrying about important things like keeping people alive Okay, let me take a look over here to what we got I'm sure we must have the thousand I don't know I think this thing is so I think Eric probably put the block on it You put the blue blocker. Oh, oh bad mushrooms That's what happened this president in Thousand votes even Becto now wow That has America asking Marks or poison. Oh, man and what's that kind of do with magic mushrooms? I don't know But it sounds like soft photos really heavy do the into them Thousand votes even on the pool and we finally got one for why do you listen to an atheist? Unclean man one vote Can't have smelly pollution in your radio From the faggy if he is being said that is yeah, that's what it is. Or maybe it said woman that farted last Sunday I was just leaving it over to pick up my diet so the you know, I'm just we'd see it over to pick up my cup in my lock, you know If I maybe maybe she doesn't have an on purpose Maybe she's sneaked it, you know if she saw it was like when you know, but there and of course I wasn't winning anything. I thought maybe she was jealous or something. I wasn't doing squat. I was squat a little bit And she and course she was losing her ass. She was just and thank God for that. Oh, maybe that's right She lost her all over the sea. Yeah, she sure did she lost something on the seat and in the year and around and about I'll be you know something. I'll be surprised that that building is still standing today There will be horses laying down in the middle of the tracks swimming by the time I get there Thousand votes even on the pool nice work there Chris. How a job Thanks Returning Chris J that's what that one guy said. Yeah, everybody is gay everybody connected with the show is gay I'm gay George is gay Chris is gay the audience is gay Management is gay and of course sports can you get any gear of the man? But there's no chance at all I Don't I Wanted five sixty WKU and mad dog coming over to a clock Brankfordowski rights and of course, you know, I hate to interrupt all these great intellectual calls, but I do have a little bit of a pile here You know, I guess Georgetown little pile before too little I covered from whatever it was going on People are better although I'm not gonna be straying too far today Really not gonna be running any water here. I have no idea wow thinking about what I ate last night Not the sounds really there's now one I wouldn't that have been a kick in the teeth if that accident I had Not that many days ago I guess about a week ago if that would happen like it would buy Would have been although what has served him right you know something and I wouldn't have smelled any different than anybody else there So what happens is a man Brankfordowski served as legislative assistant to US Senator Lloyd Benson Remember Lloyd Benson he said I knew Jack Kennedy Senator and you ain't no Jack any member that today and quail yes, and he lost To a low-bent to be responsible for commerce and tells his men around just I just like give a little background So they have somebody who brent but Auskees he says cheney liby neocons boys without balls He writes the child is the father of the man the brilliant maneuvers and insulin's peddling of certain elites who avoid military service Naviat and more left two ugly legacies that do great damage to American troops today First they learned young that wars are meant to be fought by certain classes which they are above They grew up with the entitlement spirit of the elite the privileged classes send the others to fight the wars George Herbert Walker Bush has star athlete in college George WWE Bush was the cheerleader In politics that translates into a delta into a refusal to admit that they were wrong and a refusal to take responsibility for their mistakes The war hero protects the band of brothers the wind plames as abordinates Look at cheney Instead of taking responsibility like a man he works desperately and feverously to put pin the blame on others the war hero takes responsibility of command The whimplings those under his command Look at liby lollipy lollipy his aid Kathy Martin to be blamed that a White House meeting for what scooter did what kind of anglerious Wimple I was just asked to take the blame for his own mistakes This is a recruiting pattern and the sword of the faired liby case and the Iraqi war Second not only those who never serve fail to understand military doctrine or have military judgment They believe generals and admirals are part of the lower class who fight the wars not the upper classes who send them the fight They believe the troops exist to be youth for political game, but allow them to be without body armor other needs until this day The athlete enters the arena and fights with a gladiators that cheerly gives talk to from the safety of the sidelines Send others to fight the wars blame others for the mistakes use others for political game God save our troops from boys without balls Says brand you all brand But out ski 17 votes on the polls off. It's all gravy now, man. We're on a gravy train Which reminds me something of a mean to ask for a very very long time speaking to gravy train? Yeah, but I'll never find it. Oh, here it is. So where was David gravy line 5 670 560 don't tell they were done with a calls man They were on a really hot roller for a while and speaking of a hot roll. I think that maybe Brandon suggested that maybe that Giant a cinnamon roll you guys got yesterday. What was that thing called? Oh, the king's cake the king's cake and out of a marty grott. It was great. Thank you, Tracy. No, all in Now you allow oh, that's the same crazy distance that the email You allowed to eat that crap on length or do you have to like it all the way yesterday? I guess right here. There's no meat in it Well, what do you mean like you care what do you want to do burn and hell or something? You want to wind up in Hades? Hey, I got reservations about it. I'm looking forward to it. There'll be a fun crowd down there. I'll tell you that Speaking of gay and Air Force officers alleged victims lied about being raped in it and drugged We're being discovered as gay in a military a defense attorney filled a military jury yesterday in England Air Force Base Captain debris out Taylor former chief of patient administration at England Regional Hospital is gay and Engaged in consensual sex with the man he's accused of raping attorney Martin Regan said during opening arguments in Taylor's court martial Taylor 38 is accused of raping four men attempting to rape two other men. He faces a maximum sentence of life in prison Outper-roll and convicted of all the charges against him the charges are two counts of attempted Sotomy four counts of forceable Sotomy three counts of kidnapping one kind of law unlawful entry I wonder what they meant by that no cardin. I'm awful entry back to them This case is about homosexual activity that is not approved by the military services in our country at this time Every one of these individuals but one is either in a military service or wants to be in that service Regan said under the military's don't ask them tell policy military members who are openly gay or something to discharge So to speak for the men were the military when they met Taylor in a fifth fear that disclosing his relationship with Taylor would ruin his chances of pursuing an AV career said Regan who said Taylor would testify about his relationships with the man You're fairie Captain evil on Westbrook, the military prosecutor, evil on and ever saw that name before my love to do Nope Describe Taylor is a serial rapist who met his victims in bars Despite their drinks with day-brake drug gamma hydross a burrow abutory KHP Or GHB and kidnap them and by some more impressive when you read the whole thing in your butcher like I do that or her gamma hydross Each victim will tell you that they felt like it would drugged it before he the resultant retended with salt them. She said asshole A peste coli, a paramedic lady testified that he intended her friends and had consensual sex on a previous occasion before the two men again in a bar in July 2004 the man said he had one beer and that Taylor then bought him a shot which caused him to become extremely ill He said he woke up and Taylor's home and that Taylor raped him repeatedly, but that he couldn't fight it because he felt drugged it He couldn't fight him off. Yeah, for that excuse The man saved him reporting in counter till two years later when you read a newspaper report about Taylor's arrest the Festa attorneys asked Colonel Thomas Cumbi the military judge still had testimony about GHB same than the subjects were similar than a booze and that none of the victims had traces of the drug in their bodies period But Cumbi really yesterday that testimony about the drug would be allowed same the symptoms were common among all the victims He GHB them and then he didn't alleged 1224 votes on a poll Not too bad for a poll of George Disapprove of and wait till the mom man. I'm gonna get some real crap from you about that What does your favorite Chinese emperor? Yeah, which now the fun game show should they bring back to TV? I don't see anything wrong with that All the time Nobody ever said he would remember saying those shows what wrong with having a poll for us old-farts like me and everybody over the age of 70. What's wrong with that? Go to the 100 W2QA. Yeah, hello Hey, you know how you done? Okay, sir. Hey, I was everything listen. I pushed the most into the basket Yeah Uh-huh See even the ones that start out and some like rational like look at human being that they might actually threaten to have something to say They don't anyone know why cuz they ain't never gonna have What about those dolphins man? What about that new coach and how come we didn't get that guy from Marty Schmidt and Hymer How come we didn't you know like that? How about together one do hockey talk how about then panthers then that's a pretty good hockey talk It's an outdoor vacuum I realize it sounds like a contradiction in terms, but southward is an outdoor vacuum is what it is 567.0560 560 and the horizon see get a while to stay online. Whatever it is. See how I'm doing it today Maybe we'll do it every wood by one day. Everybody's doing that one or two hour thing with a bit Yeah, maybe it'll be phone call Wednesday. Let me get all other system on the one day the week. I get that in the middle of the week would be good W2QA and hello QM. Yes, sir. That's speaking. Yeah, yes speaking. Yeah, speaking. This QM. Let me say it again speaking That's speaking. Yeah, Roger. Yes. W2QA and hello Hit it again When you hit it again, there's nobody on your now QAM hello see this. This is not working Technically I mean, yeah, make any connection, but the arrow does come up his food up QAM and a mobile hello Yeah, sure. I worry buddy. Okay, pali. That's one bit of tell you. Thank you for keeping the initial eyes In South Florida I love you. I don't think Probably recorded in your viewers have any clue and you say something but how about the lilies? They don't have a clue either forget the viewers Give me any weight one other comment Horst racing they killed no surprise track. Yeah, it was a wonderful track It is now. Oh, oh, no, it was never a wonderful track. It was as much old the answers they're leaning over the Racing form with four seconds to go. They loaded the last torsion of the gates They're gonna they're gonna ring the bell over the gate any second and close the windows and some some old talker Stand there hunched over to them a program in a racing form. What do you tend here about three people behind them online and gonna get shut out? But at least you could sit outside and have lunch and look at the old house No, you could not sit outside because no matter where you said it could be 89 degrees in the shade no matter where you said outside a Gulf You're freezing your ass off. Wow, it's still you know it and I know man See how stals it is fine if you remember and accurately But when you're like kind of guling the lilies you're doing Gulf stream was never a picnic man. They maybe only the ants was these days I'm looking forward to call the rope thing because the real track doesn't have you know There is a casino and all the sentry 50 people Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, color only is so glad that they don't have the casino. I'll get out of here man. Oh, man. Oh, man Woo You're how often I go I go three sometimes four times a week to a bundle. Okay Ask me if I ever go upstairs and then watch the races. They ever go upstairs or watch what they do not know I don't So what are the what is the fact that there's a race? See know that there's there are slot machines and another and a separate part of any of the tracks What does that have to do with you in German or the racing? Absolutely nothing, okay You're just a cretzer you're in a perfect place speaking of keeping you to survive a cretch a professional cretch Of course, this is a guy who's w- Lucky a Gulf stream. So what does that tell you? He's a Y-I-T remember I talked about those yenta in training You gotta start pal. I hope you have a wonderful time at Gulf stream. Okay. I hope that the machine falls over on your ass You know how they have those big you those really gigantic machines those old fashion ones in other big wheels Maybe one of those will follow up on this guys is maybe nice and sensible This is Randy West and if you can't tell the difference between me and Ron Jeremy you should try girls No Across the USA What is this right here? This cry and Valley who there's a bunch of squares again this year who say that I wish to Oh god loves the a-e-ish unless of course today If you are your old be margin upon thin patty state you can be above a bucket of stuff and shoot and that's okay But you can't be a you should you gay No, the order of hi-bar audience those him and Mrs. Gray have been living this print-ouncement upon the blessed day Short a little bit of heaven Not sure gone straight to help a homeless sexuality Except the house never been short of them you can be steaming drunk in Ireland chunks will laugh at all away But you can't be a you should you get 12 18 at five six you definitely grab a special happy Wednesday to more Howard David I didn't who may be pretending that he's you know in touch with the what's his name? Sid Rosencransteinburg, but he's less than us right now make no mistake about that and probably squeeze his kneecaps and tick and dingo berries thousand forty three votes on a pool The drawn out legal battle over and an Nicole Smith's remains took an odd twist yesterday and odd twist That's what I was doing in the dorm there in the East Shaw Hall Michigan state. I was doing the odd twist With a brown kind of medical exam at a warrant unless hearings conclude this week her embommed body may not be suitable for viewing In fact, that's what the judge said he said I'm thinking about what it's gonna look like by the weekend and fair is all I can say wouldn't surprise me if he came out with some like that For our circuit judge Lily sideline interrupted testimony from Smith's attorney longtime companion Howard case As firm to take doctor Joshua purpose call That's Dr. Perper who's got like an extra head on one side of his where his other head supposed to be if the body is to be viewed and must be done this week Saturday or before per per per per per said if it is next week They can't guarantee that there won't be changes to affect the deceased especially to her face Stern wants to wear a Smith beside her son in Bahamas he's scoring off with Smith's strange mother Vergy Arthur wants to take Smith to where native Texas to the mark day four in their legal battle Perpers called brought sudden expediency of the case sideline motor through witness testimony cutting the attorney short on cross examination declaring I'm running out of clock sideline vow to make a decision by the end of the week. He's running out of clock Hards of national news media pitch camp and firmly brown county courthouse in the courtroom almost 20 attorneys Representing the three parties during Arthur and Smith's boyfriend Larry Burkhead packed the courtroom They were packing it baby and wouldn't be the first time Smith's father, Donald Eugene, Hogan, sanded a back row The judge heard Stern testify about Smith's final burial wish he watched the video recording of an interview shortly before her death on which he Discoored surrelation chief with her mother vowing she'll never touch my child That bitch that's psycho bitch. She said something like that since he was nuts And the judge heard from Arthur who sent she had a healthy relationship with her daughter until Smith started using drugs about 12 years ago But it would be better. But that's that's all. I'm not wasting any more time I can't stay that I can't take it can't handle it In fact, I don't even see it on the CNN maybe on the MSNBC all breaking news Police kept it. Yes, I'm how he would Florida individual because this was a birthday rate This is what it apparently started out as this is only for getting but you know these stories evolved that may change No, we're no wonder it was an armed burglary So obviously that's why they are going from house to house Make sure that you put a save that is a picture right there Yeah, I'm a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a boy I'll tell you she is a wild child and she just on a roll Maybe I'm sorry with this this yeah I'm police presumably these one robbery spec and I suspect then Hollywood Florida Look at that they they open up that everywhere there and it's like a refrigerator or something inside the cops point the gun and the You smoked me wow Streets Soon to have the streets themselves until they look like he was about way to shoot that brisk it Well, I'm task it at this good. Let me take a shot at the brisk it I like a shot of the brisk it boy. I sure sounds good. And you always read Remember when corkies used to bring by the potato pancakes croissettes to nuka Thomas white past. I know right They used to bring back the brisk the stuff and those brisk it sandwiches brisk it sandwiches and potato pancakes So it's funky little potato a lot of keys that they had a group easy I'm gonna tell you once again soft Florida was finished The day that corkies on North Miami Beach on 160th history the day that they shut the door That was the end of South Florida as we knew it that was it Is there any doubt about that that from here? WQAM hello I mean that was a landmark that was just it was just always there since the beginning of recorded time QAM Hello, yo yo yo yo yo yo how are you? Okay, sir Two quick things one is I'm filling that's only having a cold thing. It's not a soap opera. I want to deal with it Last night on Keith O'Ram and countdown that you see it last night. I saw a little bit of it Yeah, I saw some Did you see the end of the show when they did a little montage on the judge? No, okay, that was hilarious It was like the last five minutes of the show when they put a montage of all his it was like that sick Tom thing or something that was pretty hilarious Yeah, he's a footballer's guy. Oh my god. I had no idea. Yeah It's in perfectly with this this melodrama. I'm pretty other thing on Sunday I know how much you love the guy go commercials and on Sunday I saw a thing on CBS any morning about the ad agency that developed that there actually out of Richmond for January There's some like small meeting side that they can see not based in New York They're the ones that came up with the caveman like guy go get go and then the celebrity Saying that you love so much that was interesting. Please consider just like a small time Kind of non the York based that agency. Well, I know plays it. That must be why so good. Yeah I wonder right yeah, they're inside the president of the ad agency was a fascinating guy And they also they've got the UPS contract and then regrettably or whatever This a matter they just got Walmart just signed with some two such that that was a fascinating story That they're creativity and their their inventiveness or something being rewarded. It makes sense to me Thanks a lot, pal. You got Adios speak in a guy go back. Oh, you can get a rate quote in just minutes Even a self-adrandizing New York real estate type Hold it right there you Alluces the little lizard guys a loser those cavemen loses. I'm thinking about suing It'll be fun taking money from your loser lizard ass Guy go dot com even a Realize a tycoon I heard it and tyco dot com you can get a rate quote in just minutes It's so easy even a Scientologist can do it on cool I'm an incredibly overbated actor and I demand I know Polligate you know the history of the insurance industry you're being good Isn't that right Katie? Well, I was thinking yeah, Katie. Yes, Katie I go dot com even science. How I just can do it You know, I just came up with a solution to this whole deal Seth there's one word. You don't you don't need to go through all the stuff with Tom Cruise jumping up and down on a couch and all the stuff that crap Annacol and a body and her kid there's one word that sums up pop culture in America in last many years That's it. It's all about to crap What you're pouring I got two words remember what I would say enjoy life have a good time enjoy your life and pay no attention Yeah, just a bunch of BS Is what it is and looking at we got a thousand and fifty seven most on a very marginal pool that George is ready to like a walk out on it He's so pissed off about it. He's almost as pissed off as an geek. I got go get cool cavemen I got your breath beautiful The death of Annacol Smith is a plus a messy and very complicated legal battle You know what honestly? I don't know where to start this eternity is she was getting crazy We now have someone else stepping up saying I could be the father Michael Jackson So now you're claiming that you're the father of Annacol's baby You too had a relationship is told it for so Right so how many times did you guys do it? Yeah, right that would cry right so what did you guys do you know everything you can imagine Michael You cannot convince me that you two get a grand slam home run. We have the footage We have on a 50 what you two videos Okay I can't watch this I almost burned some all over the wall The floor 1066 and a poll not to glad we're gonna make 1100 easy day will slide on it That will and I got my shirt and pantalumi's on already Right, I'm getting ready for an early departure today. Maybe you can do like 15 to two a clock. What do you say? That's right If you had a better one Some spots we got some lives passing in that next hour. I think they did that intentionally to keep me around Although maybe we could play the tape between like one thirty and two what do you say? The tape of the one flower I was not of any kind of get a bit of many better than the last kind of Tell me you've stretched out communities got a peaceful surprise as they boarded in his really busiest today A yoga instructor with a microphone coaching them how to breathe correctly And of course if they're on the wrong road, they probably won't have a lot of practice doing it. But nevertheless The passenger stretch their hands toward the ceiling and bent their heads forward as Mary Harovie a 21 year veteran yoga teacher got it in through a set exercise that can be formed while sitting down Align all kinds exercise as you can do while sitting down, but nevertheless I think that because of our history of terror on buses Harovie said referring to the past suicide attacks that have targeted crowded buses It's very important to do yoga to relax and show that everyone in life is stronger than fear The only thing we have to fear are the go-am Harovie said the idea of a Yoga bus came to her in the middle of the night while she was sleeping She talked to the television bus company. They jumped on the idea. They jumped her Most of the passengers on the bus participated many said they felt relaxed and more ready for work The yoga buses run every Tuesday for three weeks But Harovie hopes that the program will continue an expand She and her husband Yilad Harovie had worked for years to grow the organes wheels television and public schools We want people to try yoga and feel how good it is how will we say? How what do you like better Yilad or Yilad or Yilgurt? Yilgurt? Yilgurt eight bad What do you mean by that exercise you can do while you're laying down? Now you have to have your magic carpet to that or what today is asked Wednesday by the way We have had no intelligent calls about ass-wins day, length Poms Sunday all of these things Have we All of those things? Very sad You see we got too many Heathens out there in New Orleans. We don't have enough people of God in this crowd. That's the problem. How do you heat them bastards? That's why that's in last place on that poll. Why do you listen when atheists only three people would say that if my name came up if my name popped up that conversation 567.0560 pound five 60 and leave a rise in singular wireless line Pretty slim and grim here on this phone and you think would really be smoking after the great cause we've had today when yeah Oh, you think subbuilding some more momentum. WQAM hello Okay, sir. Yes, this Quant case with the share in the conference can be like another O.T. Samson Michael Jackson trials get better Yeah, the list of what he called you and no ice It sounds like you're tapping out more scood. Yeah, I'm tapping tapping a message to Garcia. Okay Andy Garcia or maybe a microC used to be for the Indians 1954 Indians won 111 games in 1954. Do you know that? Three millionians and we got swept by the New York Giants and dusty roads in the 1954 world serious can't be possible In the rest of it Not the same dusty roads. Okay. In fact, it says the roads was the left handed pinch hitter And in the pole grounds they had that real short right field Thing Port torch and as a result he was hitting all these like pop fly home runs in the right field for the Giants as they beat the Indians I believe in force rate. I think they swept that year I think he's 111 games in regular season See I know my sports mister all these people out there. Well, he's I'm a fact and how does he know about sports on a sports station? Are you stealing those sports signals again? Yeah, that's right. That's exactly correct WQAM hello These people know about sports. It's a same old craft man the dolphins is the dolphins that and hardaway this and Shack snack He meets Shack a buddy to bed. We go whatever the hell that thing is You people waste a new time with this religious craft you could be out there getting laid doing something useful Okay building a bridge feeding a starving pigeon something anything useful as opposed to the crap you're wasting your time with But no they could be sending us all that money instead of slumping into the church So they pay a lot of his followers peanut file priests Bastards WQAM hello Well, this is not good today WQAM all on Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Hey, you're so and you and George and a couple of art history classes I take it up for you and marijuana has led me to a team Yeah, put on a table and it would work for me. Yeah Hey, I love you yourself. I think they're great and I like that one that is like James Brown But then information society did it. No, whatever How to go again. You're one more time Oh man, right see what we've done to him. It's all our fault too Larry waiting for me. I might just play this again I don't want to leave the way they used to you play this and I am so grateful short fat fanning. I would be so Nothing like having short fat fanty baby. Let's go fan Oh, it's short Loading this potting What I've talked about the man But what one of our all-time favorites What is this when I when I play the old music like this you've never lost objected you've never had any problem with it That is correct. You never said to me all only people over the age of 100 That is a trend Well, why is that because it's timeless and it's good as opposed to that bubble gum gay boy music that you were into for one I'm not talking about the music I'm talking about these polls about all these stuff You know because music is timeless and they need to know about this the youngsters need to know about that good old The youngsters the music of the point a thought about restaurants and go to existing more they can't experience Oh The apple tree I thought it was the pair on the ground that got the Lord all upset is never it wasn't a garden of eaten. Yes, we got got really peod He has a tendency to do that his rad keeps waxing hot did he say waxing black he's waxing hot Now what was the room with that Josh was starting Josh Curtis remember a couple months ago about how wacky was gonna Shut down in what was the state? I don't know if you think it's still gonna happen I don't know if it's going to happen, but it still could it still could happen. They could shut that thing that then his columns could say Hey, all you phony balones with your one share and your fractions your point nine whatever you got you guys are out Wouldn't be the first time something related to sports? What I'll figure it over night. That's right. We're the fifth time too much sports talk Baby too much sports talk killed the bra is not how that thing goes to those Baltimore Colts Yeah, they disappeared overnight. They packed up and look at those Cleveland Browns original ones, right? WQAM hello I Won't buy a thing always carl up to the day. He let me touch him in a steady plate Yeah, oh yeah probably more than once WQAM hello QAM No Yeah What is with the mouse okay? What is that? Is that supposed to be like from familiar? Yeah, what come on where you sir? What do you got? Yeah, we got has to let's have same job before with his name and the Victoria whatever that crap was It doesn't appreciate that stuff now. Now's now's I had one mother guess what pal she's dead 184 votes on a poll. I think we had a shot in 1200 day of Chris what a really you know a plight himself a little bit Oh, we can do it. I like this pulsing dish and by the way I think we'll use this one for a fight. This is a really good one that somebody sent in isn't it last one you facts me? I Wish I had never blank. Yes. I have my choice already Now, let me see. Oh got married. No. Oh Oh I like this chosen to be gay That's great. I wish I had never chosen to be gay Started wearing religious and I'll read the list. This is a good poll I wish I had never moved to South Florida. Yeah. Oh, amen. That's how it all started That was the beginning of the beginning of your end. Uh-huh started doing drugs started gambling Wish I had never had children gain so much weight and gotten fat. Oh gotten married gotten divorced gone to college at grad school never joined a military come to America My banana boat rubber tube rubber or shoes me. You chosen to be gay or started wearing religious head gear There's one. Listen. Well, okay. Well, I did on it. What is it? Well, we have I wish I hadn't chosen to move here What about I wish I hadn't been born in South Florida? I wish I'd never been born in South Florida. Oh I wish I hadn't had a choice to be here Okay, and so if I'm I'm adding it around right now just for you You're not not gonna sell Florida now are you where you make this tremendous living that you make you know people I'm always amused by that all soft Florida's been so good for you in the over 30 years You've been on here and people are supporting you tremendous and you're making all this money Well, what's that cut to do with is that make it a great place? Oh absolutely not I'm grateful for that. I kiss you kissy Like that every now and then but from a safe distance. Oh good It's because Can keep the eyes of I Hey You got to hide your world You got to hide your world I Everything Bro, fuckdue boy you I'm going to make $200. You got to find your auto-line. Yeah, I think the motto is if you do that, I'll try to keep it out of sight. Probably good idea. 111 on the pole. 111. We're going to make $200. You'll see even on a crappy pole like this that we didn't... I don't think Eric put it up till about 7 o'clock last night. I kind of a late start. And we had a premature evaluation today. I'm thinking we had like 500 and something. When I said down at this morning, I'm thinking, oh, we're going to make it even to 1000. We're going to make it to $200. And then they will fear us. Okay, like Connie would say, then they will fear you. 567. But the phones have really been spastic and more ways than one. If you know what's that today? Oh yeah. More ways than one I mean. Like now, they just go absolutely blank. And then as soon as they catch win, they're catching... Yeah. Maybe that bitch is too lyr for woodbind. Oh, I'm telling you. I was not a well-first man. I was like, oh, I wanted to cry. My ears are popping in my eyes or tearing up. Not good. In fact, I think the ear here was starting to like fall out. Ah, I sure hope if I see her again, man, I'm playing another machine far away. But 567. 560. 560 in the Verizon Seek at a Rital Sine. You know, the interesting part of it is all the human cry about slot machines. Remember all the history, all those years in casino stand and everything and all the screaming, all the elections about casino gambling. And now we finally have real honest to God. And I'm not talking about the make-for-lead ones. It's the engines I've got. I'm talking about real honest to God. slot machines at various places. And here I was nothing about it. Except a couple of schmucks that call it, oh, I didn't do too good. No, well, you know, big deal. Go crying somebody else is shorter. But like nothing. Now does that mean that only the old cockers have gone air like the one guy that was giving me a son and answer about how great Gulf Stream used to be? That guy was such a schmuck. Such a schmuck. But that's a schmuck. I get it alive. I beg your pardon. Thank you for keeping you to July. Right. Yeah. That's why I'm using all those terms because if he looks in the mirror, he'll see a schmuck, a schmuck, a schmuck, a schmuck, anishlamazel, all rolled up into one. Did you already say honey uncle? And a tiny mionkel also. And hopefully as a great time at Gulf Stream. Ah. Somebody QAM hello. It was anon the coal and Brittany in the bow. Well, really by the way, he's just been, uh, he just got out of the rehab joint. She sure wasn't in it very long. Was she? No. It was a big bulletin that she's out. She's out of rehab. No, she was back to another one. A very important to what to another rehab clinic or something. Part of the contract she moves fast. She moves it around. Okay. And the problem with it now is that nobody we'd he cares. That's why she's doing all these things because nobody cares. What it used to be. WQAM hello. Hello. Hello. Meal. Yes sir. How you doing? This is an x-reason and a self-portive. Congratulations sir. And I move back to Syracuse to get told me to bring a shovel with me about eight years ago. So I did. Yeah. And it's one thing to be smart enough to get out of the softboards and other things to be Demonved to move to Syracuse. I mean, what are you talking about? Well, I wanted to be right next to the town that you grew up there. So yeah. Anyway, I'm down here on vacation and I always turn the island down here. And the radio too. Anyways, years ago I was down here. You had a show when you were talking about the names of all these people. Name all these kids, funny names that every day. Yeah. And you started off with that football player and I can't think of his name right now. And you want to all these names but there was one that I think you forgot. Okay. It was Frank Frank Dappas kid and I went to the moon. Yeah. I was waiting and waiting for you to say moon you and you didn't have to show him the bus. I'll be there. Well, then we met up for years later. I know. I know. I know. I'll be there. Go ahead. You know, good to hear from you. You know, here you go. I'll cut you again. Hi sir. Thanks pal. I'll see you in the only other. Yeah. Okay. Goodbye. Anybody that voluntarily lives in upstate New York has got to be. Well, of course, he's in the, you know, he's smart. He's in South Florida now. You got to allow it. Do you know that they had two feet of snow when I was thinking, you know, okay. That's an boy and now my car is fast. My teeth are shining. I tell all the girls they can kiss. My name is Nendip. See what's wrong with it. I just can't believe that we found her. Short fast band, man. It was on my favorite song. So when I was a kid, I had a mug. You know, I had all the 45s. Yeah. I had those little curing cases. You know, you, and you'd have, I like, little numbers that you'd put on each song. You know, he had like a, an index. I had two. 45s. Well, they were kind of fading out. You know, as I started collecting and buying records. Was one of them not faded away by buddy Holly. And those months to mash and bungle in the jungle by get through a tell. Oh, my God. You can't say that bungle in the jungle. What is wrong with you? I got to your mind or what? You're going to be juiced. Bumble my ass. No thanks. But anyway, I had the two of the little curing cases. See, that's that's so, and the 50s, mid to late 50s. That every kid had that. Uh huh. And I had like a little index and you'd write the names of the song. And they all had like little stickers with numbers. One shoe, you know, how many would the case would carry 30, 40, 50? That would say. That's 30 minutes. That would carry. Bumble in the jungle? Yeah, yeah. And amongst them. And this one George is tasted music. He's going to really downhill. Yeah, that's right. That must have been it. Another one that helped us rip off by the way. Another one that helped us rip off by the way. That's what we want to pick on. How the soup is made. But why not? That's what we want. And I want a lot of, a lot of this part. Very, very good to me. Now, let me ask you one question. I don't want to sound like an old fart, like an old, funny, bloody, stodgy old fart, even the line. Too late. Well, I'm thinking to start making some of the music again. I keep winning too. Is that gonna ever happen? I'll make you a CD of modern music that you're not hearing on the radio. I don't listen to the radio. I know. So you never hear it anyway. That's right. It's actually good. It's actually good. So just pretend it good looking guy is singing it and you'll like it. Okay. That would work for me. It'll put me on the way picture on the front. Oh, pretty boy. I see. I'm gonna have to find the music channels on here. Although the only problem that we encountered this once before is that some of these music channels have got some of that subrosal language in them. You know what I do that. Uh oh. Now we're letting this walk right through all the shows, all the bathrooms, whatever they bring. We have one of major sectors. Oh, it's a PSA on much music, much more music. Never doubt that as long as it's in the chamber of the radio. Making a huge debut all the way up in the 15th position, we can his track Grace Kelly. Jim Petties to pull me through is losing ground asleep dropping to the pool number 14. Also taking a trip in the wrong direction, headley down four spots of lucky number 13 with mening. The lost of the teams are creeping up. Beautiful feature riders to number 12. And making a big jump this week, four positions to number 11. It's mingle about to the everyone's hair. Stick around the top 10 tracks in the country are coming up next. Oh man, I'm staying on this thing man. How about that end of the cold garbage? Okay, that stupid publicity seeking jerk judge, you know. Who needs that crap? When we got the top 10 and the much more music countdown. You know what I'm saying to have said to the bottom? Of course you never get excited about anything. All like that idea. How about busy Miss Lizzie? I don't think I know where. It could sure pick a mini red old squareball was picking it. You take me to this again, Lizzie. Good job, Miss Molly and Vizzie Miss Lizzie. It was all good stuff though. It was all good. 113 votes on the poll. We're shooting for 1200 by two o'clock today. I got my shirt on my shoes. And then during the break I think and I don't have my shoes. I got my pantaloonies on second. I'm so old I can't even tell the difference between my shoes and my pantaloonies. Wait till I start sticking my pants on my feet. That won't be good. And these are those quarter-wise, Rachel. Oh, window in disguise by you too. I'm not sure I'm going to physically. I'm not sure if I've seen you as nuts. You'll see on me. Anyway, that wasn't too bad. For you too, I think it was sensational because I didn't get you too. Oh, God, I can't stand you too. And that bono, if I ever have to see, is that we're posting it. I mean, I just, my whole head may spin off. But nevertheless, you're going to send me music. Yeah, let me get some good stuff together though. I'm going to choose very carefully. Ha ha ha, okay. I'm holding my breath on this. What are you playing now? You too? Oh, don't do it. Honey, with the sweetest shape at number eight on the countdown. The word catarwalling? Yes. Yeah, yeah. I moved the first and bottom of the song. Oh, man, I was at some heavy duty crap or water. Underline, of course, the operative word. That's the one. Wow. And just the word for your victim. Maybe that's the reason I'm making the call. If that gets it. And it's free. It's not. Like I said, I'm going back to Amazon BC and we'll back to the Realms. I can't take no more of that. It's just not my thing. You know what I'm saying? Maybe because it sucks. Maybe that's part of the reason. Oh, I mean, I'm gay. I mean, gaying for a good new home. Any genre, whatever the hell it is, but that ain't it. That definitely ain't it. 11th one. Let me refresh. Okay. I don't want to give you an old outdated number. That would be bad. Let's get it right up to date. 11 29 on the pull me is we need 71 and 58 minutes for 1200 votes. And a really bad poll. I apologize for. I mean, it's not it's not one of the best. But it certainly is not one I would be. You know, I'm pitching and belly aching and carrying on and screaming. You know what I hear about and running up and down a hallway and the dropping. What do you care about that I didn't have to come up with it? Right. Me and me too. Look, we've gotten 75,000. I've got a pile here, man. Have one of the ceilings. Thank the Lord. Thank you. I'm real happy about that. Because you only did a couple of part about doing the show. It's coming up for the different poll every day. And then even when I repeated the body wash one, which we hadn't done in a very long time, Josh Cortis on Friday, ripped me a major ass. Didn't he Chris? He was ripping me all day. Yeah. Well, he was kind of sad that he had to come back because he's in rehab right now to lose his gain this. I see. I forgot about that. Somebody to Q AM hello. 560 560. 560. We have part of our passing parade today, man. The calls have been sensational. All you out at town is visiting South Florida. the South Florida. What you hear is what you get. Make no mistake about it. So when you see these crazy people out there driving on a highway, these are them. These be them. WDQA in. Hello. Yes, sir. What are we going to end the corner stuff with the body? Would you ever do a tiny body? I take custody. Put in the foot of the basket, freeze them up. You're sure to assist with tiny archa man. I think you're in relate and so can I. Tiny, tiny, see how pretty we're going to get lost. This doesn't, it doesn't do it. Oh, no, I can't. Either. Anyone who likes one of the units did. I'll just hand back. The unit is farting today. I sure hope Joyce doesn't get wind of that. The unit is farting. One second, sir. One second, it's not. We apologize profusely for the audience, but there's nothing we can do because it's WQA in. And because one thing, let me say this to you and you know it's true. One thing that Jolly Joe don't know from a net's technical. I mean, he couldn't care less with a line one. Ever works again, whether we can make this thing, this box thing ever worked the way it used to be. You know, it used to be fantastic, right? It used to be like I was sitting right there. Not no. And he just doesn't care about these things, you know. Don't bother him with that. We got to get that building up. Get the building up. Get the revenue up. Get the bottom line up. That's what they're getting it up. That's all they care about. WDQA in. Hello. Hello, now. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Great. Listen, here you're talking about singles and you grew up putting singles in a little box back in the old base. Right, 45. 45. And I just read that all record companies will see Slating singles by the end of the year in a format. Well, let me ask you this. Why would anybody? What would it mean making singles? I mean, I'm CDs. CD singles, vinyl singles. Well, what kind of a comment is budget crap is that? That's consolidation. Oh, that sucks. Yeah, you can't even go to record store anymore down here in South Florida. They're all gone. Yeah, I'm sure that. You can go to like a big best buy or you know, one of those gigantic box stores. Yeah, box store, get a box. Okay. Thanks for the bad news, pal. Just another example of the degradation of the quality of human life. That's bad. In fact, when you go into like the big record source here like HMV and Sames, you can't, you're almost getting to find the CD singles. Who don't want that, you know? Not me. 567. I'm going to give my A track player back out. All right. I might still have some tapes around. Do you? I had player this time I'm in it for love. And baby, come back. I'm not sure. I still have an awful soap opera by the way that the bridge, whatever. Yeah. Oh, he's going gray. You'll be happy to know he's got a great drawing. I don't think it's a long way to go for that. Ridge. Baby, come back. You asked for it, you got it. I rather than exist time I'm in it for love. I mean, this was a much bigger hit, but this time I'm in it for love is a much better song. You got it? That's it? That's it. Wow. All right. Oh, right. This is actually a good song. That I had on the A track. There's Brittany with her, I had to. Think about it. I did this step by a minute. I know. I just have to play this as an entertain. Start slow. What if it goes downhill from there? Actually, the fix that was good. That's right. That's right. I mean, it's cool. 37 on the pole we need 72 votes in 52 minutes. Even in child food. With a 10, 5, behind his back. Like your own crawfish could. She's got a good chance of it. And I wouldn't be as in bed. So God forbid what they might want. You know? See, here it is. TMZ says, spirit checks out of we have again. I'm giving you the order. You guys are messing with my story. Well, that's exactly what we have again. Okay. Because this is the second time. You never let the kids into the garden. It's a good part of the song. Sorry. Hey. This is God. All night. Okay. Okay. That's a good song. That's a good song. That's a good song. I like that. Even you like it. And the George likes it. Wow. W2AM. Hello. Hey, no. It's a good song. Pretty good. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am about to hold him. I am. I don't know if it's still in the news. But I pretty damn. That's pretty good. God. What is it? I think Jim Hardaway is a messenger from God. Yeah. No question. Oh God. Yeah. Yeah. There he goes. That was his very funny material. Okay. Now he could have expanded on it and come up with something really clever and good. But he couldn't do it because that's what all he had. Well, maybe the next call. And it just it wounded me so bad. The guy called. I doubt you're going to be like. Don't think I'm so rich. I think I'll keep my soul busy. It is even all with them for a frenzy vibe. That's it. That's how profound it was here. It wasn't just great material. It was profound. Oh yeah. I'm a ground. W to Q a M hello. Q a M. That's crossing the line when it's crossing the line when it's Jack asked. Keep calm 4,000 times a day. Cross in the line with bad phony voices by the way lately. Really bad. Okay. The bad red Nike voices. W to Q a M hello. You're stealing my book. And him too. And then that must be sitting on these others. Lath. W to Q a M hello. I want to extend a lifetime VIP membership to Tim Hardaway. I'd close. Okay. Now twist this. See the Tim Hardaway thing is older than the thing. Is older than the Thuseless Ramile. Okay. Nobody's talking about that anymore. We he is what he is. If you don't want to. If you want to boycott his chicken and his car wash and all of this other crap. Go right ahead. And if you don't really care like me, move on other things in life. I don't care what he says. I don't care what he thinks. I don't care who he hates. I don't give a fine crap about anything that has to do with dumb illiterate Jocks. And excuse me for the repetition. God. Oh, you don't understand. Sports is where it's at on Q a M. Sports talk is what we're all about. Yeah. You know something if they wouldn't have put the show on the year nine years plus a go. They'd be playing Hungarian Muzerk is now. That's what they would be doing. They could take their sports talk and be playing a fiddle. And what is the difference between a fiddle and a violin? I was then right next play a fiddle. You got it right there. You took a fiddle was like a small violin. I mean, is there no? No. Come on. And there's also. Are you fiddle with me? The people who fiddle say that you hold it differently. Like you hold the fiddle down on your arm. You hold the different. I bet you're them Yahoo's man. They hold a different and how about the fiddle? That's who violin you hold it up under your chin. Remember in fame when you asked him how you hold the bow he said with respect. And he said, you mean like my. Yeah, like you're like that. Like your. Like your. Like your. Like your. Honey can. 146 and the floor where edging ever closer man. That 1200 market. If we could 1200 with a crappy pull like this on a on ass Wednesday. Oh, the Lord is going to look down with favor on me. I'm going to find a good machine today. I'm going to find me a good machine and I'll run hub of his getting some special prayers from me today too by the. Can't hurt. You know, you try them all. You try booty and try Moses. You try Jesus. You try Abraham. You try Abraham Solomon. You try Yitzhock Schwartz. Hello and welcome to a current affair with death of anonical Smith. It's less than messy and very complicated legal battles. You know what? Honestly, I don't know where to start. This fraternity issue is getting crazy. We now have someone else stepping up saying I could be the father when I first met her. We actually did it. More than a hundred thousand positions. She hugged me and said Mr. President. I believe that we should. She wanted to bend over backwards quietly. But with gathering force. I'm proud of that. And there is no credible charge that I violated any law. Thank you very much. No problem, Baba. 117 and 560 W. Let's bring him back. What do you say? Good. Golly Miss Maul. How did we get into this swilla we got now? 1158 and a port. You know what Chris we're going to do it? We got 42 minutes for 42 votes. That's one minute. If we can't do a vote a minute. What the hell are we even doing on the air? How is the crow doing? Anybody know how the crow is flying? He's going gone. What's he in no mole? No crow. He's seeing him no mole. He got into a little a cop to top. So we're counting people. Yes. He was lucky. You know, he needs to get that check man so we could buy that cash. We're okay. I have never in my, you know, I'm always talking about people that smell really bad. Because my motto is if he can't look, would at least smell good. It doesn't require that much effort. You know, like going to let go of them. Oops. And pump it. Yeah. I know. The color pump the color. And that's right. The spray color. 11, 1164. They're coming in and chunks now. They want to make damn sure we get to 12 hundred. So I'll come back and do this again tomorrow. What they don't realize is that tomorrow is Thursday. It's not Wednesday. And it's not wood buying Thursday. I mean, this is a different kind of a day. I'm in a different kind of, you know, and people are thinking, Well, gee, it's not like meals putting this clothes on like a noon and get ready to bail out. Like, let me tell you, I'm Wednesday. It's 10.05. I'm going to get ready to leave. About a quarter to 10, Georgian, I always say, oh, is it 155 yet? I'm Wednesday. Right. And of course Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday. Like Apple only say Monday. Saturday. Yeah. 1164 on a poll, what's the reaction you get when you tell other people they listen to Neil? Who's Neil Rogers? 290. That to me, that's that's the workshop, you know? So I don't think if they hate you, I can deal with that. Who cares? But if they don't know you, if they just ignore you, and Chris is, oh, everybody loves you, Neil. What you said before when Georgian was on the, you know, can. Yeah, well, you're legendary, so. I don't tell anyone I listen to Neil, 143, and probably real good policy. Only told to our friends at Arbitron, please. All right, so do I, 130, 130 people say, oh, so do I, all right. I can't stand that bastard, 98, meaning me. That best, though, that piece of crap that subhuman's swill, douche. He's still on. I thought he retired or died, 70, uh, some, 76. You like Neil too. I love him. He's the center of my universe. I want to meet him, stalk him, do him, be him, 68. And he's the greatest 58. That's cool. 48. I hit this pool, 46. Only 3.9% of Georgian likes to increase that. Yeah, I don't think it's that bad. You tell me, listen to Neil, they go, 40, 66, say why? Why do you listen? Laughter, 40, yes, six also. You FM County, think, oh, 41. Wenzion, what station, 35? Why do you listen to a fact, 21? Uh, if you get away from a 14, if you and all the other, uh, exploders. And why do you listen to an atheist, solanthaea synco, soltoncerechinquay, only five. And that's because we've tasted all of religious get fees. Wait, you know what I'm glad? I'm delighted, because I can't do with those people. I cannot stand like a couple days ago, remember that Bible thumb for that, called in with that crap? Oh, it's just, it makes me nauseous. Why haven't you got, I realized that most of you were raised in families with a, a course from one generation, one generation or another, and they pass along the brainwashing of the, the fathers and the mothers and the grandparent and whoever else. But why don't you have enough brains of your own to say, this is a bunch of crap. This is a waste of time. This doesn't make any sense. Why can't they do that? It's very difficult. Was easy for me? Well, it wasn't easy for me, but I did it anyway. Well, good for you. Well, that's right. You were involved in others like, deeply steeped Bible thumbing board again. Wow. You were in those board again, cancer where they're all like swim their brains out. You know it. WDQAM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I'm going to give up for length. I need to do this, but I'll do the first, I'm going to give up my bid to be in the coast. Baby father. WDQAM, hello. Neil, how are you, sir? Okay, sir. Hey, I'm one of the guys that put on your folder. I'm one of the nice ones. I think you're sure it's great. I have a question for you, sir. When you play a woodline, you guys can pass back to your kids. So, pick it. When I do one, when you play the woodline, you get the trash back or the just the resist. You've got to go to that. Well, they think I read the coins a long time ago. Thank God. They're coins. Your hands get black. You can't get those coins. No, you just get a ticket. Okay. Most of the places are like that now, correct? Yeah, that is correct. The only one they can do is open up with soap. No, not big, is they stuck coins? Are you sure? Yes, sir. I was just a couple weeks ago. And they're still using coins? Yeah, you still are. $1,000 or $1,000 or $5,000. That's bad. It is bad. Good reason to stick with woodline mom. Exactly, buddy. You have a great day. Thanks a lot, pal. If I went more than $2,000, you know, $1,000,000 on the damn mega box. Last week and I wasn't even looking. I don't think it was a woodline. Because all the raceinos through Ontario are connected. And I should also tell you that the Lotto Jack Patonite is $14 million. And they write to a check for $14 million. Of course, it's only $14 million Canadian, which, you know, times 86 cent. What's that? 86 and not too bad. It's not too shabby, right? Not too shabby. They're about $9 million, 10 minutes, unlike that US. So if I went to $14 million denied, then some of our Georgia beyond. And Friday and for a while. $5,670,560, and the Verizon SIGGETA RYLISLINE. $30,000,000, hello. Here we go. Yes, sir. How are you today? Excellent. I am a heteromeal that uses body wash. Thanks to you. All right. Really thanks to me, huh, for your help. Well, no, it was. It was what is a year ago. So you got all that thing. And I was like, what's this guy talking about? And I tried it. And I never turned back. Sure. Why would anybody after you're using? See, I think you made a good point. And that is that the guys out there who are reluctant to try it. They're still doing the soap. But if they try to once they realize it's not some kind of a pansy thing. Or it's not some kind of a, it's not they're not going to smell like a lilac or roses. And then they would stick with it. You were talking about taking a bath the other day. I can't remember the last time I actually got into a bath. So that's the most gross discussing thing. I can think of the only the last times that I got into a bath oven. It's been years is when like if you have bad hemorrhids, you know, and you're going to soak your roids in like, like what my mother used to call a zitspassy. You know, and you only fill up the bath tub with real hot water. Like a very, you know, small to cover your. That's what I speak, you know. Well, unfortunately, I never had to do that. You were also a while ago talking about a leafa as opposed to a lupa. What is a leafa? It's just a brand name. Oh, what the brand name? Yeah. Let's see if they say it the air can of the center. Go leafa, go leafa, go leafa, go. Have a great day, pal. Thank you, sir. He's pondering my last part. Yeah, I would have risked. No, he got it. He got it. What is wrong with you? He was a good guy. He's one of our very few real cars we had all day. And you're not going to guy. I mean, you are a hard ass. I think you're going from George. Yep. He was good. 1176, and I talked him and he was in body wash. See how easy that was? You made him gay. Yeah, I turned him gay. All I had to do was just mention it. And all of a sudden he was just like, hey, goof. You know, like that, poof. 1170. Remember that song? Poof the magic dragon. Oh, it's dragon it. Only 20 people were votes at 12. This is going to be easy. I thought it was going to be real knock down. You know, some of those that go right down to the very end. And we, I think only one time since we've been doing this so many stuff. Yeah. And we ever missed. Are they all, I think one of them is dead. Paul Stookey, Peter Eero, and Mary Travers. One of them is dead. And which one is it? I don't know. It's not Mary Travers though. Is it? I don't know. I lost track a lot. I'll see you up on there. Those are the days, man. Only 60 spoke music there. Oh, brothers for Peter Paul and Mary. Oh, God. In music to high, since school, it was always Peter Paul and Mary's. You know. That's what they would be. Just a strumming hit in music. How about don't think twice it's all right if you got that. Well, I would, I'd give emotional if you had that. Written by Bob Dylan. Like most of the stuff, if I had a hammer on the cramp. But don't think twice it's all right. But I was really, I don't have that. Oh, geez. Jesus, you peep. I've blown in the wind. You can't, you can't say that. You can say, in the wind. And I can barely hear it. But I could still talk enough. See, Dylan wrote great stuff. It just had a son. It told him, hey Bob, you can't rock in the music. You can't sing, Bob. He's a man. He's a man. Like that. You're annoying. You're addicted with some people. I'm laughing at you. But he didn't care. And he made a lot of money. He had to do it in more power too. And with the shnows like that. He was brilliant though. He could really write some crap. God. This is I with this dude. The autopsy is set for tomorrow to determine what killed and an occult man. Like her life, her career also had its ups and downs. I'm doing it. Poor Emily. 1994 she married an 89 year old oil tycoon died a year later. Oh, I'm up and down. In 2002, she started in her own reality TV series. This is kind of scary for sure. But by the late 90s, for figure had changed. She lost weight again. And more recently became the spokeswoman for the diet product. Trim spa. I'm so mad. It's no secret Smith loved the line lights. And she fastened it off. He'll pass through a flood dinner. Smith's world changed dramatically with the birth of her daughter, Danny Lynn last fall. If you have to keep in the middle of the night, there's much coldness. Smith will remain in the media over the controversy surrounding her daughter's fraternity. I'm doing a porno. It's that my guy is in two girls and a dime. The results of her autopsy should provide some answers. What's your bitch in the literature pizza? Mommy was on it. They just showed her on a wooden stand. Mommy? Yeah, fat horse. Oh, brother. Another trailer trash. Big crazy bitch going to animal cool. Anybody care about this. Not if you're in the right mind, you don't. But they're drowning us in a sea of the swell. That's what their famous word. That's what the media does best. They take relatively unimportant things. And they just bury you in it. You just drowning in it. You smell it. You taste it. It's all over you. It's in your mouth. It's under your armpits. It's in your rectum. Maybe you have poor your body. Lemonade II on the pool. What we got 27 minutes between the 18 votes, boy. Even a Schmendrick could do that. And thank God that I'm keeping me to share language alive in South Florida. They got it. That's that guy was. 567.0.560. We've had a few calls on here today. We've had a few where we'll people. What would you say? 4 or 5? Okay. You're not being generous. WQAM hello. That wasn't one of them. QAM hello. Yes sir. You're gone. Yeah. Confess. WQAM hello. Hey, tell you. I know. Oh, that Chris Man he's still there. For a fact guy. When he's still there. He's still there. See what he's, see what's the same? Hello. Yeah. How are you doing? Oh, I thought you vanished. I thought they did the Russian cream. I'm saying, if I know you picked up a lot of trends, you started people on certain ice cream labels. But lately I've been on this thing to soup. It's the not me soup called P.A.J.O. Oh, it's I'm, you would love this stuff. Matter of fact, Campbell soup is looking to, uh, Campbell soup sucks man. Can't I love this crap? I want to middle of the country that voted for books, you know, he can't go soup. They got dandy lines. They got stuff that didn't, he's ran out. Oh, that's, that's smart. And you tell me he's still on air. Schmuck, the modian. Take your dandy lines and shove in your dandy.com ass. WQAM hello. QAM. Yes, sir. You were talking yesterday about, um, you know, cable and then a lot of television. Yes. Have you ever heard of, uh, it's a Canadian technology. FTA free to air satellite receivers? No, I have not. Yeah, some people might be very interested if you Google it. It, it, it works with, uh, Bell Express view and the dish network. What is it? What do you mean it works with it? What does that mean? Well, I'm not saying that I got it, but you catch all the channels for free. So another thing to do is steal signals. That was you doing your tell your audience how to steal signals. It's free to air. It's free to go. Yeah. I'm serious. It's on serious. Google the thing to see. Okay, I'm Googleing right now. What does that man talk about? Do you have any idea to see him any idea? What? 11, I'm an 87 votes on the full. We got, uh, oh, yeah, a lot of time. Well, we'll slide in the 1200. Boy, if you were to told me this morning at about 1015, I might have stuck around over to a clock. But right now, I got my shoes on. My shirt, my pantaloonies. See? I got my lucky coin and my winter jacket there. Look, it looks pretty to me for more. I'm sitting now. It's sunny. In fact, if anything, it's two damn hot in here because this building is all geared up for the Brood, look at that 38 degrees man. 38, 3 can degrees. Fair us, uh, felt Fahrenheit. Whatever that is. Not too bad. I just think boy, that's really cool. You know, something like that's already that you get used to it. Sure. When it's been like 15 and 10 and the 18 for a long time, and all of a sudden it gets to be 38, it's like a freaking heat wave. And yesterday, the one that was 40, and there's guys walking around with a little jacket on, I'm thinking, move over to crazy people then. And they're like, not even breaking this one. So to speak. Unfazed. WDQAM Hello. Good. WDQAM Hello. Yeah, Neil Rogers, please. Speaking. Oh, hi, how are you? Good. Before gear. Thank you, Robert. WDQAM. Any idea? Who's more gear? I'm talking about those glyco commercials earlier. I don't know if you guys already mentioned this or call a call a call. But I saw something on the news the other day that there's a whole bunch of people soon because they're actually using the application that they've developed for the insurance and they've seen their rates on educational level. And there's a whole bunch of people soon. I don't know if you heard about that. I did not. I don't have got going through in any way. So I could hear, well, I just enjoyed this spot. You know, I'm not one of those people that's going to do it into a whole, yeah, I like this spot. Hi, I got you. I just don't know. Thanks to the bad news. Exactly. We started. Somebody. Who am hello? Hey Neil. Yes sir. How do they not know that you don't speak your calls? I don't get it. I'm a heteromeal and I use body wash because of you also. Well, the impact the impact of your experience unbelievable man. And it is shocking. Hey, is Georgia? Now he's passed on the floor. Yeah, he's there. Hey, George. That band that you were talking about is the Vincent Black shadow. Yes. Yeah, great band. Yes. He's playing up the West Palm Beach somewhere at the end of March over at raise. We'll get you some free tickets and I'll go. I said to give you free tickets for my band. So some of the hard moments are not set. You know, I'll do it. I missed it. All right. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. I thought the song was going to put on that CD that I'm not going to make for you. Very careful. Yeah, though. Oh, I'm out here on the radio. I'm out here on the radio. Eight more votes in 22 minutes. Like I said, even a fixed vote could do it. Even John Kerry could do it. There's Barack Obama. I mean, qualified to recognize and that star power. That's it. He's got the star power. John, you're right now. Who is the man? He feels young people and political newcomers. I kept staying over and over again. And that, you know, we're, I'm hoping we're not sure yet. But, you know, hoping that I'm a rockstar in Iran. But for me, like he's the one that sort of embody that spirit of Bobby Kennedy of a cold race. He's like, darker, complexed Bobby Kennedy. He's probably would crowd to his fundraiser. He never got a shot at Merleman Road. Damn. And I bet he's not too happy about that. But that's way, Coach. Lemonade to have been a high refresh did before we do the break. We could have the 12 easy. And then just all think a big sigh of relief like that. Wow. I'm refreshing right now. Are you refreshing it? Oh, I'm just no fresh. I think the crow is a matter of fact. Like that cash we're okay. He used to smell like he bathed him. I know I've said that many times. Love the 97. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Right on the edge. I've got to be pretty high. Wow. One more vote. Whoever most next will be our 12 hundredth of the vote. And George will send you a trillion dollars. No. Won't even send you a penny. Maybe I'll send you a penny. How about pennies for murmur? How's that sound? Okay. 20 passed. What's funny before it's 139 is what it is. It's almost to a clock. Thank God. It's three radio is what the two boys you are. Are you a former astronaut and feeling depressed irritable, irrational, and vengeful? Are you having difficulty adjusting from the highs of orbit to the lows of everyday life? Then you may be suffering from PI, SSED, post-initial space shuttle event disorder. The warding signs of PI, SSED include wearing disguises, rubber holes, and plastic bag collecting. A sudden fondness for knives and pepper spray and the desire to take long car rides simmering in your own expratory fluids. If you suffer from any or all of these symptoms, you're not alone. Literally ones of former astronauts suffer from PI, SSED. Post-initial space shuttle event disorder. But there it is. Go on. I think you had a good point. You remember the ones who are arrogant, stubborn as hell. They, they had the answers, man. They know what? No matter what you say to them about their sports obsession, and it's never going to sink through, because that's how they know about. Like parents, for example. I still can't get over that story you told a couple days ago, I'm on day, that just mindboggling. Now he is giving you suggestions what you should or should not talk about on the air. After a few more sessions, I should be number one, maybe even legendary. Our legendary Jackass program director, who wouldn't know a real talk show from his life nipple if he had one. God. And he's given you advice on what to talk about. And don't talk about religion because it's your offense a lot of people. No, have our win back on again to talk about that crap again. Have what's his name on Drew Rosenhouse because everybody really likes him. That seemed the one thing if he was really interesting and he had something to say. And not only is he not interesting and has nothing to say, but the public despises him like poison. Am I right Chris? Drew Rosenstein House shorts whatever his name is. Travel for on a poll now that not even George has got a man who's not not too big with the compliments not too easy hand in all the ways he's got a woman that was a major accomplishment even on day when he hated the people like poison hated it. Jeremy level rights on the BBC US Iran attack plans revealed say I save this for the Avery and US contingency plans for airstrikes on Iranistan beyond nuclear sites and include most of the country's military infrastructure the BBC has learned. It is understood that any such attack afforded with target Iranian air bases, naval bases, missile facilities and command and control centers. US and system is not planning to attack and is trying to persuade to random stuff and says the trigger for such an attack reportedly includes any confirmation that Iran was developing a nuclear weapon which it denies. Alternatively, our course button that's a high casually attack on US forces in neighboring Iraq could also trigger a bombing campaign if we were traced directly back to Tehran. Well, that could just make it up. Long range beat to stealth bombers would drop so-called bunker-busting bombs and effort to penetrate the Tansite which is buried some 27 yards underground. The BBC's Tehran correspondent Francis Harrison says the news that there are now two possible triggers for an attack is of concern to Iranians. Authorities and sisters no cost for alarm and ordinary people are not becoming a little bit worried TVC. Earlier this multi-west office in Iraq said they had evidence that Iran was providing weapons to a rakey sea of malicious. However, the most senior US military officer later cast doubt on these claims saying they only had proof that weapons made in Iran were being used in Iraq. General Peter Pace, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said he didn't know that the Iranian government clearly knows there was complicit in this. At the time, Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, I just love saying that. Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said the accusations were excuses to prolong the state of US forces in Iraq. Middle East analysts have recently voiced their fears of catastrophic consequences for any such US attack on Iran. China's Strathe consequences did you hear those words? I heard it. Britain's previous ambassador to Tehran, Sir Richard Dalham, told a BBC with backfire badly by probably encouraging the Iranian government to develop a nuclear weapon in long term. Last year, when resumed uranium enrichment a process that can make fuel for power stations or greatly enriched material for a nuclear bomb, Tehran insisted for a ramus for silly use only, the Western country's suspect Iran is trying to build nuclear weapons. The UN Security Council is called on Iran to suspend its enrichment of uranium by February 21. That's today, by the way, if you look at that calendar, if you look at the Getsky calendar, if it does not and the international law. What does that mean? I don't even get it. I think everybody's doing magic mushrooms because he wrote me an incoherent email just now. I can't even make heads or tails of it. Hey, it's nice to share. Sure what? Oh, the man's mushroom sure. Everybody right over for you. Ah! WQAM, hello. Yes, this is an honor. I'm great. How are you today? I'm great. How are you today, sir? I'm doing fantastic. I'm just going to get through with the call of coming. I know it's been hectic. I've been a great show. I just wanted to say, you know, I'm positive-septice for the call and I'm looking forward to that next call that the call is just called in with us. Yeah. I'll put everything else on. You have a great day. And you too, everybody. Thank you. Okay, you sure are, man. I'll let you sound like a good guy, but he just said nothing. But he was trying to be helpful. You know, it's nothing wrong. We're trying to be helpful. No. You, oh, and you kissed their ass earlier, but now you have to kiss their. I don't understand what he's talking about. I'm sure he doesn't either. I'm trying to read an incoherent message here, you know. And I sure don't want to take it the wrong way. It's day. It's day. But my auntie, child. But she didn't have five six-old WQA. Yeah. You just sat for making the time in the shower so. Oh, the bottle full of love. Every at my door open. Oh, it's day. I stopped all the time. I've met a good lady games. Can't keep the eyes off the ice behind you. Just being there not day. You got to hide your heart away. Yeah. You got to hide your heart away. Now we'll start to pat me down. This is that straight day will buy. And that's the whole of the men. This is the short horse. They're the fun young young. No good deal. Just for the clear. Having fun with the boys. In the long, low-brown idea. Boy, boy, boy, boy, boy. Hey, boy, boy, boy. You got to hide your heart away. You got to hide your heart away. Bye-bye, bye.