first the Sunday no but that was a good message to owners on this way all right the toner card you know something before we didn't get started with this with this bit which I will play i can't begin to tell you because my being an old part of my old time is diseases kicked in for seven years now i can remember you know what i had for breakfast or something is crispy bacon but as in years ago i sent down i paid for it on my own pocket all we're gonna be a person i'll screw it okay i can afford it i'm making a couple of bucks a nice all in one printer facts your scanner copier just like the two i have sitting here which i also bought not that i'm looking for any uh... you know pat on the back for that but because they're so cheap they're so cheap the beesleys you're thinking cheap your measly not be easily your measly you make me sick and then it was a major project before finally the engineering staff could go and then when i hear yesterday can he suck up the engineering staff squimpy and such a circle will you please can you maybe somebody might respect you might have better than more than a point eight good god kissie kissie kissie kissie and that engineering staff man i wouldn't wish them a high-rank him or but anyway so finally we had the thing with getting long enough court to hook it up so we could uh... you know i'll get up to the computer am i right yes what i bought and didn't you have to go out and buy and then i keep asking how's that new of printer copy or all it's a sitting over in a corner i would did it's out of ink how many weeks ago was that how many weeks ago was that and now finally today the other copier printer whatever the thing was near the from from a middle to besties you're in the chinese safe i'm a hundred and a new years ago it died and so most people would think well and just hook up the one at neopate for that it's a new so you're hardly ever been used well we don't have a toner cartridge now you tell me that you've had a spring for this you got to return your own oh no and you ordered it from the office people they put a rush on it's on its way now well congratulations since 2004 those emails have been separated from an R&C policy which is to automatically delete every thirty days to delete it so it's clear oh oh my email all the way to email you can delete the on your wall but you got to pay off you got to be relieved when you don't love a Jimmy on your drive i'm still alive i'm still a overright i made a great good one die great great for the i got to see that you think oh me away all the day that you said that what i think you say i'm a gay man to generate some help they bought this to many servants they can't say they've been lost that's like saying for dogs it's my homework it doesn't work that way he did just the one to produce no day none no go out house how of you to use that those i do you to you you to you to take a credit and a paper but try to pay you to pay money to keep on top of a radar i just don't go away you can't bear but you're a always evil trail i'm an email oh i'm an email and i'm R&C email you can try to dump me but i'm still final tell it looks like you violated so hatched act and how about that another eight-day minute got yeah is the real repeat with more in public in my dreams when it's a five million email don't miss snakes but you can't make them go away one two seven we are round i can always be proud to be man well good for you tell five and five sixty wq a and we used to be radio station now we're like the laughing stock what's upon a time way back in the day this used to be a real radio s dot c on log on a five sixty two i am that's right it's been you got it actually play all the qm jingles they would take a sub to least twelve thirty don't have a marlin game there something why well anyway this soft three and murdering a piece of turd this gentleman uh he talked in whisper he was a loner any time in whisper what up for them watch out there's a message for all your kids out there if you see anybody if you know anybody if there's somebody in the hood that like uh is very much a loner and doesn't listen really like friendly and outgoing and person that i'd be real nervous i'd call the uh the police the police is what i would do when you twice speak of that police officer is carrying rifles and wearing flag jackets respond to what turned out to be an unfounded threat today near the engineering building in which thirty one people died yesterday state police officer told you i'm having a little of this company here i'm sitting on this chair and a very um yeah not a very good well i don't know what it is well take whatever you said about it i feel like i've got a strain in my group sitting at the bottom i trip to hamster dam i don't know what did you pull a hamstring i told a hamster dam string yeah i pulled all the strings there i'll take it out i pulled a lot of a state police officer told CNN it was an unusual event at burrs hall we responded it was unfounded that's all we're gonna say that was nothing happened two by the words so itchy of the day before you know there were so antsy on monday yesterday or whatever day it was yesterday another state police officer said the event involved a thread against university president Charles steager for genie tech police said we had reason to believe there was a need to secure the president's orifice but we're not elaborate it's over state police and armoratruck also responded to burrs hall next to Norris Hall which of course is i'm sure named after the great harness raising a family the Norris is Charlie Norris and Gordon Norris and Charlie Norris Jr and all these other people when you think i would think so i'm adding and you know i i hate to interject this because you have to watch the news and of course who wants to watch the news anyways told you to be pressing because it's all about the human race which is lucky it's just a slaughterhouse but you have to watch for a very long period of time and then you discover for example what are they talking about right now about this young man yeah they're he talked in a whisper but anyway there is some other stuff going on the world and this is a good cover up i do not charge a tachy said i'll deadly bombs in neighborhoods across Baghdad and they killing at least 66 people voting many more the deadliest rights so far occurred in Baghdad sater city where at least 28 people were killed 44 others were wounded then a tachner and a rocky army checkpoints one of the differences to solder city the official said most of the casualties are civilians five of those dead in seven of those wounded were ranky security forces a ranky police are telling CNN it was a park car bomb a park car and a ranky military sources are saying it was a suicide car bomb well whatever was it was bad at least 21 ranky civilians were killed 74 others wounded when a car detonated in all said rea market and central Baghdad and is an interesting john McHane wasn't walking through the market at the moment ranky and you as troops in Baghdad have intensified the revises to establish the peace and war tour Baghdad with a two month old crackdown operation enforcing the law which has worked in like a charm not do it a damn thing but you know what john McHane says he's having a good time walking through the streets is in the bag dead with what is a bulletproof vest on isn't that how you want to live your life you saw was in power if the poor slupper is there in a rack when they went to the market if they don't walk around with a bulletproof vest on because they were too damn sure if they come on alive but nevertheless see that's the one thing we have supported I think there's a tremendous relationship between what happened in lastburg the other day and what's happening in a rack everyday and that is America is specializes that's our specially do jurors everyday violence guns fire bloodshed when a bomb bomb anyway here's the full front and I think we did okay is matter fact and guess what Chris even without you now what were you doing yesterday while McGill was sitting there my friends going out is moving to Atlanta this Saturday so he was all yesterday so we just went and kind of raised up but what is that that's how my screw it off to me sure did we're in the plan of my year so why and you there for crying out loud you taking a day screwing off good night's going do a day in time you feel like it tell them to in fact if they give me any flack about it just hold up that middle finger say jump on z tell your friends get the power of the seed it's not like it matters what he gets paid hourly so he wasn't going to stand that listen it's what did you give me yesterday like what was that I said both cool and jurors is what that means a whole lot of reflex you ask what it means you are yeah you know something I think that what certain people around Thomas say in about you was going to be that right it's all true of course there's sanded behind your back we see one thing about me and this is this is what makes me such a hard hard to banster but also what makes me so successful and and you're a good one to talk because you're always feed me stuff in sand well don't say I told you blame it on somebody else and then of course right well people stop talking to me if you blame me the hell I will that'll be the end of all that you know they talk to me because they know you're going to tell me and I'll put it on the air that's exactly why they do it anyway what was about to say to Chris is that we had 1171 votes yesterday including we got over a thousand it was right down to the wire there because yesterday was our first day of not doing I hate this poll no mole oh yeah that's right and we're not doing it on here today they're and we're still going to do we got eight hundred and twelve today already it's only ten ten eleven eastern daylight time we're going to do it easy it's in the bag it's in the bag dad 1171 votes yesterday something I claim to hate but secretly enjoy is masturbation to 131 winning hands down your pants which is a good way to start the jury spring or show 150 the carpenters have it in 43 George played both cool carpenters music yesterday man it was great I enjoyed a little bit more here you know um goodbye to love if you have goodbye to love I'll actually send you a long distance kiss I bet you don't have it well just just get me off the hook for this facts fiasco full time call it even one moment please you know Peter's so slow so you're good bye that's good song yes and you know what the Richard Carpenter wrote you know that the wild guitar riff at the end of the song when they just the guitarist goes nuts really good little rock he's a little carpenter I don't have it no I'll find it you better have good bottle of my the carpenter's mister your ass is grasping you line up smoking it I'll get it yeah something I claim to hate but secretly enjoy is Neil's polls on 19 comfy music 102 oh ff ff yeah vanilla ice cream 101 ff woo that homosexuality 82 now we're talking 464 I had that's my favorite station 464 4053 rap music 43 the new rap just show 39 I should have been a much higher total but they are still lying religion 27 yeah I claim to hate it but I really love it fact I'm rubbing my armpit with my mrs right now kind of chafes a little bit Republicans 18 and Democrats so I'm in the way they so talk to no way only now that impression that I can speak like I'm so bisexual in bilingual that is a bad way that I'm not bisexual because I'd be involved with women and that of course is the that's the root 2 of hell is what your always tells me something delighted that I'm not the end of it all that's the beginning of the end that's the end of the end but now to eat it so that's what I always say whatever cranks you chain maybe have a great time and forget about all this other puzzle I because that's all it is man it's all about to balloony all a bunch of balloony it's not even kosher this ask Oscar Meyer hilltop he's a guy with a phony Jewish name 827 votes what's your take you know something this could be a good show today because I'm in coherent I'm just rambling a bunch of crap maybe because it's woodvine Wednesday and I missed all week at woodvine last week and that band and the shame and that is shame so where's good battle by the carpet is not my child I'm dealing it as we speak good no don't you like that song yes I do I like it all I feel like I've got a pulled grinder something here you're I mean like a hurry again get out of here pull this you're just going else I heard you have that all the time if you only knew Mr if you only knew I'm glad I don't what's your take on the shootings in Virginia Tech that's our full today 827 votes guns are too easy to get 300 and one it's the American F and away 264 that obviously is the correct answer Schmidt happens 107 isolated incident 82 yeah just another isolated incident 33 dead don't f with my gun 60 okay you say okay with your hands up in the air course and I don't care 13 13 very very humane oh good . Oh my dog Dude, a lot of hating on it sure we don't hate to pull anymore as of yesterday, but we hate joy still That's never gonna change is it no not anytime soon 20 past 10 we got no Marlon game until the night And how did you last night? Chris what a gentleman they lost they lost again there are a 167 I believe are they under 500 now? I guess so and I think about four of the losses are all because of Jorge Julio Well, let's let's do something about his ass fire Now let me just ask you this question because you certainly know that Craig video is still playing for the insta us correct Miguel yesterday who of course is supposed to be the baseball expert and the radio expert and all these other he's supposed to be the expert pre-vert He didn't know that I only know it's a spanic player Oh, I see I'm gonna say yeah Craig that's right Craig is from a Brooklyn like I said he always looked good to me Craig video But now he's old in them, you know get great Australia's Prime Minister yesterday said the Virginia Tech shooting show that America's gun culture was a negative force in society And he happens to be even though he's an idiot he happens to be on this Praising his country's efforts to in an act of gun laws after a similar mass curler 11 years ago John Howard who's an absolutely raving lunatic State his political leadership pushing through the strict gun ownership laws after Martin John Bryant armed with a bank full of automatic weapons Went on a killing spree in the tourist resort of poor Arthur and Southern Tasmania state April 28 1996 35 people that I didn't that one The conservative Howard is strong ally of President Bush like I said a Crazy person said the Virginia Tech shootings with a kind of tragedy hope would never be seen again in Australia You can never guarantee these things won't happen again in our country Howard told reporters We had a terrible incident in poor Arthur, but it is the case that 11 years ago We took action to limit the availability of guns and we showed a national resolve that the gun culture is sets in negative in US Whenever becoming a negative in our country said the gun culture that is such a negative in the United States even an idiot like him even an old Funny that he's dodgy piece of turd like John Howard knows that The new gun laws in Australia, which banned military style weapons and tough and licensing and storage restrictions Well, I'm popular among farmers another gunners that are key supporters of Howard's conservative coalition The government paid owners to take more than 600,000 firearms off their hands and national buyback scheme Experts say the laws have probably helped keep violent crime rates down though gun ownership advocate say there's no proof laws of mid-Australia safer when you ask yourself this question Okay, where would you rather be would you rather be like in a downtown? Geneva, New York where nobody maybe has a gun or said maybe a hunters and people like that or would you rather be like in downtown Miami? Ha ha I ask you that question. Would you rather be in downtown Detroit walking around on the street Oh somebody got pissed off Thanks to Russell and Coco by the way and we hadn't seen that and it said I just got home in tuned in That's only 22 after 10 Guess what they're talking about on CNN by the way Dr. Chris Flynn director of the cook counseling center is there is counseling with students on the fact that all these all Shootin and crap is going on around them and what a fantastic job on a marvelous job The university did and law enforcement did in really getting on at the on the case real fast not There's a picture again of that South Korean goofball his roommate city with suicidal you didn't say you look ball did you I said goofball oh Mr. I didn't I used to start with that goof stuff now. I got a story about that as a matter of fact right here I don't want to sit here and like he rackulate for four hours all of it is wood by Wednesday In the moment after they suspected killer of 32 students faculty and staff who's picture who's ugly I don't know if he's really that ugly when you come right down to it Maybe it's just those nasty things. He's got those you know how Asian people out of them They wear those glasses like he's got her you look at it to picture now. No, but those little round ones is yeah, yeah That's an Asian thing I mean I'm not saying that all the Asians whether if he had some decent passes on he might have been not too bad Look at nothing that makes a difference. I mean he's still a slime ball But if he was better looking I might feel more sympathetic like you know, try to but he whispered He talked in whisperers and he was very anti social and a loner Which they should have known right off the bat In the moment after the suspected killer of 32 students faculty and staff was identified in a press conference at Virginia Tech Groups rapidly formed on social networking sites on the internet referring to the 23-year-old student Show assuming we in the most the rice of a terms Fangerious has something about get him off the gook hook Some some message is seem to have negative racial overtones. How do you like that? Call me and yesterday from that idiot scene. Oh, he was the victim of racial. How do you know what he was right up until yesterday Nobody in the world ever heard of this idiot and all of a sudden everybody's an expert what he did this and he didn't get out of here Everybody's an armchair quarterback Maybe that's who the dolphins are to draft his armchair quarterback Could be any worse than once if they've had less than many many since Danny boy hung up if Danny's got anything left in the tank What do you think? Maybe that's maybe that's the solution? For this year's dolphin problems because it's gonna be a long bad season again You know that don't you Chris gonna be really bad now we're going all the way this year Yeah, let's play Jimmy and Danny till tour clock anyway A screen cap taken within moments of the announcement of the suspected killer's name See what is a screen cap? I don't know what that means I mean do you got you when you see a picture online and you capture it Cap early picture from the screen is a screen cap see I mean I'm a novice of this stuff. I don't know anybody in one graph Yeah, I do have who's that new friend we got on the yesterday the Serbian Staten Anyway Oh, I listen I get we could then yeah I sure hope I think it really got a one He's somebody see that you know even when it's a crank profile of somebody when they steal somebody else's pictures At least it's a picture of a real person you know I'm saying right and I look at that Like that I get very emotional a screen cap taken with a moment to the announcement of the suspecting Clerses name showed several other groups formed by use users of the popular social networking site Facebook and of course These are more popular in your Facebook One such group I can't read the first word F it's the effort F Cho shun he rapidly populated with hundreds of members and almost as many angry messages F them One Virginia text student voices angered the suspect. I want to drag his body to the middle of the drill field and shoot him to live one of the ammo He wrote We're also became a focal point for outburst with racist overtones Just cuts this bastard Just cuts this bachelor's in Asian does give him any way out of being disliked He came to a Murphy abused his visa this group has nothing to do with him being Asian but anyway about about it F his Asian ass user the side row F his Asian ass he wrote no Not me still the group had also had Asian members who identify with its goals This kind of Asian is not promote the Asian culture for gives us a bad name I'm not curie and but you're going to make really ashamed of what happened the first and row It's all in Litterwood and I could read what they wrote, but that's college students for it Another group member tried to defend it against charges of racism This is kind of funny how just cuts the group names as F Cho shun he Everyone's automatically thinking this group is anti-Asian or something. It's not look at the name It's the F a stupid killer that took 32 lives then kill themselves like a coward everyone is like Oh this group is anti-Asian get a grippy wrote. Oh this group is anti-Asian several hours Ooh like I said about the Serbian standing Yeah Facebook they're also a pretty multable photo as post-declabbing to the fake Mr. Cho however the picture didn't match Concern with misidentifying the suspect was raised by the case of Wayne Chang over genie takes student invasion descent Who's a gun enthusiast and been fingered by some as the killer had been fingered by some order was peeled Right now pretty much the internet is thinks it's me Chang said that the ABC news website. I'm just interested in trying to clear My name roster a contact at Facebook for comment about their site usage policy and whether or not they would be monitoring groups like the one in the aftermath of the virgin tech tragedy But didn't receive a response In your face or in your place or even in your my space Spread them and say cheese so I can get convoluted and a lot of different ways I want to thank my guests today now you're the one who was betrayed yes, and you're the partner who's strayed from your relationship Of course and how many times have you been with the other one Since you've been married more than a thousand Hillary was a great ride but not good enough Sounds that make you feel very very ugly. She says he started gagging at the side of her body Flabby stomach sagging chest stretch marks. She was a pig. Hey She spent 20 grand on plastic surgery hoping her husband would only have eyes for her Yes, but she says it wasn't enough to keep him faithful no, because you cheated since the surgery, right? I couldn't stop now this woman that you were with Monday night. This was three women three all at one time Of course, okay. I never wanted that night to end Are you listening to this yeah? You got a serious decision to make he believes he should be allowed to cheap when he gets bored You need to get a abortion move on. Are you willing to do that? Are you absolutely not in the understand? He was yesterday, but he Monday night you that I did Hillary was all for it in fact I procured women for bill. I was so proud of her. Okay, I mean are you cool with it? Yes, if not I would be gone I knew it blame him she's got a Chinaman Shanson hell You'll see man Barack is gonna pass her like she's laid out prone on the floor and who'd I would want to see that? Speaking of flow we got 904 boy Christmas be really impressive We got over 900 already in the first hour one So that's a going and you got your tonic heart for gender one no, but there's a little bit of left over toner I shook it and Autobias enough time until the other stuff shows up. All right. Oh, so that's how I'm getting this stuff from you here right and stuff Hooking up the speed dial over here. He got a connected to the computer And you got the delivered when that toner cartridge shows up. We're gonna have a party right here on the air the likes of which you have never ever Huh we got beer Glad to want to play the whole thing because you know it's not there yet. I don't want a premature evaluation is what I don't want right In other words when you actually had that toner cartridge installed in that machine Mine there will be some celebration music and when the first and when you send me the first facts from that machine Already did I read it, huh you read it. Oh, that was from that machine out of the old two cars Yes, well in that case, geez, how come you are got all that man? Yeah See if you can play that about 150 times until I get back to The premature celebration. Yeah, we've only got a little bit of toner cartridge and you're just shaking it and baking it And maybe if I have Chris sit on it, maybe that'll squeeze a little extra some out of it. The extra juice or maybe you could have Josh Friedman Sit on it Here was had a little bit of naval juice. That would oh yeah, no, that's not what we were going to do this for a man I wouldn't touch those facts as even with your hand. Oh Oh Gross, all right, let's get let's come on. Let's not be yuckin it up here. Okay, so I'm late Your present even made the parents yesterday. Oh, yeah Was anybody buying that? Not even a little bit nine hundred ten votes on the pool. What we're gonna be closing it on the fast by a little bit of clock It might be a good day. It would buy today. I'm gonna find me a good machine, man What's your take on the shootings at Virginia Tech rhymes with Drek? Nine hundred ten vote and if I click that view current I was 19 13 you see that that was magical Got I got like a little twinge in my testicles when that happened. Wow In fact, if I could do that a lot. Oh, it's cheese It's all hurt yourself What's your take on the shootings at Virginia Tech that's our full question of course. Here's this press conference now two students complained But no threats were made by Joe Joe mama And what a George call me for some kind of slain and look like he was slanty eye to me. We said something like that Yeah, that's because you yes because you look at out of Florida too much. I start to make some for me No, there aren't there are too many Asians in Florida, which is very unfortunate because you know There are a lot of Asians here and they seem to be like piece of biting in the very Smooth and horny and hot a lot of them but anyway Nine hundred thirteen votes. That's all I care about. I'm you know me. I'm just I'm one dimensional So I care about they look good and they're ready and cooperative and Clean what's your take on shootings at Virginia Tech guns are easy as a matter of fact I don't remember the kids name there was one of the Kids that kept showing on the news mark somebody rather he was like one of the computer wizards You know I'm talking to him. Oh, no Anyway, I do Guns are too easy to get 326. It's the American effort away to a 93 You bet your sweet acid is man get angry get a gun and blow a bunch of people away or at least one or two But preferably a whole bunch of them Schmidt happens one nineteen that's a good excuse. Let's see American excuse. Oh, yeah crap happens I salated into the 96 sure nobody gets shot in America Don't I put my gun 63 it's good to notice that we're not getting a freak today by the FF you are p whatever that is There's that kid again with those glasses That's what I'd be worried about anybody it was their Asian or not There was glasses like that and how come his forehead is that just the shining a reflection on his forehead or is it his or It's what agrees that the market of beast. I think it's the market of beast if he acts me Looks like the beast said on his forehead Going in for my gun 63. I don't care 16. Isn't that lovely? How much you had that by the fucking hands? I don't you care. I always call it. I don't care and that's nothing in the song. It's don't you care I think you're right and where's goodbye to love by the carpet it is it is yeah just wait Oh, we got so many things look forward to today. I got a headache just thinking about it Like woodbind See I missed the whole week it would buy him being enhanced today Not good In fact that was probably week I would have gotten lucky if I could machine But you know what didn't make any difference because I still got lucky you're right the second time It's don't you care Yeah, I know that that's what I said right said I was called I don't care They're fine and boy is that's not the name of song don't you care? I mean Right right the fucking hands which is contemporaneous with of course the crying shames Now that put that in the oh I did Oh It it makes me want to cry because it was so good. I mean, no not that they'd still be around everything like that But it was such a good group and they just like vanished in the thin air It's a crying shame Don't you just love that it could be worth love and of course up on I I do I actually do and even Chris liked it a little bit I just say that to agree with you because you know how I hate to do that Except behind my bat right George actually isn't talking about back here greasily behind but to my face he always is this a rude My recommendation makes for much more entertaining show I can't stand there's nothing worse than having somebody kiss in your hands on the oh don't you agree? Ha ha ha ha Whatever you say in the I man I man that calls it did the news there on the I man That's that's about the best thing that happened to that is that Charles is probably out on a street looking for job to Only he's probably they probably got him doing news on F a and or something when you think I imagine a but it's sucker like you You know there so yeah, I man. Wow. I man and that burning in court Work or all those guys What a lot of bucks are losers including Citi Kid Rosencrantz who must be really a down in the dumps now They hasn't got a show to go back to him to John Beagle back to What is this You Good morning Americans Paul Harvey stand by for news a young ventrella quest is touring the clubs and one night is doing a show on a small club And a small town in Arkansas I'll say it again. It's a small town a small club in Arkansas with his dummy on his knee. He's going through his usual dumb blon jokes when a Blon woman on the fourth row stands on her chairs and begins to shout I've heard enough of your stupid blon jokes What makes you think you can stereotype women that way? What does the color of a person's air have to do with their whole worth as a human being? It's men like you who keep women like me from being respected at work and on and on and And on The ventriloquist is embarrassing begins to apologize when the blon yells you stay out of this Mr. I'm talking to that little jerk on your knee Paul Harvey. Good day. Good day 1046 14 before and I'll let's see let's take a look at schedule. I do the schedule yet today because obviously everybody's on the engine their seats waiting to see who's on first Mad dog at two they power our work mad dog and hang together four to five Humphrey five to six thirty in a studio If we can you send with you minute with a crowbar Marlon on deck at six thirty marlon's in the methods seven oh five well at least that's a different opponent anyway Marlon's in the methods seven oh five and game night after the game with eddy k Till one o'clock in the morning It's like a bird in the room Can't believe It's a nice partner Love it we can What are far Back then baby up a little bit when it's out back it out There we go Here Oh Oh All right Maybe that's why I got that X it's gone a pain in my groin. He'll be really didn't know I'm relieved Wasn't really a pain in the groin was just I was sitting kind like in a strange position. Yeah, a fat guy Glenn and Danbury Connecticut writes and I'm really getting a little aggravated with Glenn I have no idea who he is but I'm so aggravated with him anyway. He says I know you're now disavowing Keith Obermann I'm not disavowing him. I'm not watching him. I don't want anything to do with him. I am not gonna recommend him I'm not gonna Just screw them Hubman dread as they say in you, Ruslovia. How he says they say you Ruslovia and they're ain't know you, Ruslovia so I close to show you But last night says Glenn he made a valid point That nobody recognizes the 32 kids that were killed in a rack last week were about the same ages as those killed in Virginia Would the same ass-phrase in the beginning of education they got a lot? Well, he's full of crap anyway because everybody recognizes that if they care about it is that these all these soldiers that are over Most of them are like under the age of a hundred and most of them got their whole lives ahead of them Or at least they did have and it was it come back with like no legs and with no arms and no eyes and no head and stuff like that It's a bad thing Glenn. It's a bad thing Like that was really profound, okay I'm sick and tired of kissing Keith Obermann's ass because he was the one guy that had the balls to come on there and the refution ass that he so We're truly deserve big deal big sentence, okay. It's all news now, Keith And it was a really now wasn't that interesting that kind of called it we never would have known that yesterday But telling us about the few that was going on between Obermann and I miss all those for three years. Yeah, that had no idea And that Obermann was a behind the scenes trying to get the I miss fire at all a time and his little regard as I had for I'm Is being I mean a dead man in the chair and making 7 million a year from mum and with what are we today? Regardless I'm not in the most kind of people look back stammers So you got that by the OJs the back stammers and they're like who I bet you got lipstick traces by the OJs to us on my favorite song And these facts is there coming over these out with the new toner. Are they yes? The toner is in oh wait a minute two cans of it. Thank you Angie you know I love her hands of it Well two cartridges shortered me a couple once for now and cans Well, I'm talking I'll come on Here come ten There What do you want? Zach No the second one is said Let's keep turns. Oh wait, let's go. Let's check traces. Yeah, I don't know about it. Oh, that's a good show. Yeah, this is the backstair, that isn't it? Yes it is. So they grind? Actually, is this one of those ones they grind? I like it when they grind. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I always make a song extra special one that grinds his hair. Make it sound like they're enjoying themselves when they're recording it. What's the reason for enjoying them? 9.54 in the pool already. And we are kicking each smelling shop for the ennus. And also with that, there's stuff like that. Hell and you go, go, go, go. This is song about George, what's talking about that? All the time. Just that's the reason. They've also lost the shop behind the back. We've got to call you an elephant. That thing bagged. What can you do? It's not. She always knows. Who knows. What can you do? That's the thing. What can you do? Maybe talking behind your back. Wow, see that. Parker's in there. The first fact is already come across here in the form. I want to thank Andrew. I love her. I think she loves me. Who's that? She's the the sales secretary assistant who pulled this off for me. Got the office people. Did you ride them off for you? Yeah. And how do we swing that? In other words, the station is actually paying for 200 car fast. Call it over there. He wants to be 70 bucks American. I said, Angie, I'll do anything you want. I want me to do it. I'll make you harder to write. I'm sure that. Yeah. She ran like I said. I did it. Look at he split. Like I said. Woo. Okay. Let's get back to the important stuff. Okay. Identities are two more shooting victims confirmed. I'm going to tell you. They're sure taking their time. It's Wednesday already from Penn State. Jared Lane. A senior civil engineering student from Narrow's Virginia. See, this is a tragic part. Like I told you country where, you know, human life is like like refuse. Like garbage. It's just like, does mean anything. That could never be a great country. Or human life is as cheap as tap water. Choes son's wee. Exhibited warning signs long before he's early shooting free on the Virginia Tech campus. Fellow students and professors be saying. As disturbing details emerge about the resident alien from South Korea students gathered by the thousands in the heart of their campus last night for a candlelight vigil. They were all going by rule hot-taw and that's his in blackbird diverging in the list. A roof-hot-taw tonight, where we pre-how-guffin and they started drinking the wine. Meanwhile, one professor we call being so concerned about Choes anger that she took him out of another instructor's creative writing class and taught him one-on-one. Aha, aha, how bet he did. One-on-one my ass. The former cheerwoman of the Virginia Tech English Department of the Sinda Roy, our, uh, uh, under her yesterday. Said the anger choreez薪 in the fall 2005 course was palpable. If not explicit, it was palpable. Woo! No, she loved that word, the anger was palpable. You could feel it, you could smell it. Oh, it's like crawling all over your body. Like how bunch of red ants. And two of Choes former roommates also described his behaviors unusual, saying that he had spoken on a suicide and stocked three women. Maybe he was just torn you to think that was it. Hey, I've already confirmed that Choes had been investigated last year for stalking a woman in person and by email. Roy, meanwhile, said the writings by Choes and English major were disturbing enough. If she went to the police, now the University officials to seek help. The threats seemed to be underneath the surface. She said they were not explicit and the threat was the, and that was the difficulty the police had. They had a lot of difficulty obviously. His instructor and fellow students also found his behavior in class inappropriate. He was taking photographs of students without their permission, especially, ah, ah, ah, no, especially under the desk. She said, rectum. Wow. I was like, have you heard that? So that's the first I heard that part of the story. He was taking photos of students without their permission, especially under the desk. Perfect. But without a clear threat nothing could be done. I remember the decision to instruct him a part from other students. Taking photos of students without their permission, under the desk, in other words, from the waist down. Or maybe if they had ordered some clothing to fly, I said he wouldn't have been taking them pictures. What was that all about? I mean, how can that go on? What do you mean how can that go on? You just return to your desk and snap snap snap. That's what I'm saying. But how can that continue to go on with that? I'm getting physically dragged out of there and saying, it is a crazy person. And you know how we feel on the show about crazy people. You know, you especially, George gets real nervous about crazy people. They're poisoned. 960 votes on a poll. I told you, we got a thousand-liked and bought Chris's really impressed. I mean that's why he took off yesterday. Because the pressure, of course, I think you were a little bit nervous about 9-7. I don't have it. I hate this poll. It's a quetched to fall back on. Yeah, I had to take that first day off to a couple. Let's take on the shootings of Virginia Tech 960 votes. I bet you if I click that thing in 1961, you see there's another one. There's another one. Are all these kids Irish or something? Oh, this kid is named Taylor Reese Shapiro. He's Jewish. And he looks like that. He's a staff writer. He's a couple of times of Virginia Tech. He's Jewish with a name like Taylor Reese Shapiro. First of all, what kind of a Jew name is his kid? Taylor Reese, R.E.E.E.S. Obviously, he's got something in the mix. He's got something in the mix. Like that pasty Irish complexion on how the Jewish name I say. He's okay. He would do an a pinch. What's your take on the shootings of Virginia Tech? Guns are too easy to get 248. It's he American effort away 309. Schmidt happens. They be 121. Schmidt happens. I selected it into 101. Don't effort my gun in the 66. And I don't care. Still 16. You 16 people. I'm going to tell you right now. We're going to find some angry South Korean guy. We're going to round your asses up all 16 year. We're going to do it alive on here in the States. Now get the simple, let's see. So I get, I guess this is going to come out of that big promotional budget. Those 200 cartridges that they finally bought for you. You, Joe. I'm here for a lot of them. Excuse me. Excuse me. Any questions? Real American A-holes. Real American A-holes. We salute you. Mr. Cario G. Host at the neighborhood bar guys. Mr. Cario G. Host at the neighborhood bar guys. You lug your crap around night after night. Just so some drunken sloth can butcher piano man. It's fine. Let's run. Oh, this guy's arm. Your equipment is state of the art. Your Cario G. Collection is the best. But you are 42 years old. And you still live with mother. Alan, bring me my tea. You fancy yourself as an entertainer. But does it really take any talented, introduce, Sue and Josh singing, Margarita Bill? Where's the song where the song down? Sure. Your pushy gift means you meet a lot of chicks. But they all smell like hot wings and look like John Madden. So we salute you. Mr. Cario G. Host at the neighborhood bar guy. Your my space page. Your nine bold batteries. And your post-it notes. You are a real American A-hole. Oh, the Cario G. You guys got a my space page. Let's get them on right away. We have 3029 friends on there, by the way. And of course the Serbian stagion is our newest. What are you laughing about? This is funny name. Why is that? The Serbian stagion who claims he lives in South Africa. He gets around, I guess. He likes to spread it around. But anyway. Let's not start getting it at that again. Okay. 974 votes in that first hour. I bet you that Chris is just, please just punch about that. And probably even more pleased about the free food he got today. Now, do you got to get any char hot today? Yeah. We got our chicken finger ration that we split. Chris didn't sound too enthusiastic when I asked that. He gave me more. Well, I started answering he answered too. Yeah, but you know, you see, yeah, nothing going on. You know, fantasizing about the day when we get our own food order of whatever it is instead of sharing chicken fingers that, you know, chicken to face with my ass. I bet they do. The Supreme Court, I'll provide a combination of my ban on a controversial abortion procedure. They bad news. Hanging abortion opponents, the long-awaited victory, they expected from the more conservative Nazi bench. The fight of our world, they said the partial birth abortion ban act, the Congress passed, and President Bush decided long 2003 does not violate a woman's constitutional right to an abortion. The opponents of the act have not demonstrated that the act would be on constitutional large-fracting relevant cases, just as Anthony Kennedy wrote the majority opinion. The decision pitted the courts' conservatives against its liberals who present a Bush's two appointees, Chief Justice John Roberts and the most anxious justice, Samuel Alito, siding with the majority. Justice's clearance token Thomas and Anton Scalier, the most anxious of them all also, of course, were in the majority. It was the first time the court ban is pursued procedure in a case over how, not whether to perform an abortion, as Bill Monroe used to say, and abortion. While he was from New England, nobody couldn't speak abasian. Used to be a host I need to press once upon a time in America. Bill Monroe, I've at his dead. Abortion rights groups have said the procedure sometimes is the safest for a woman. They also said that such a ruling could threaten most abortions after clubbing, subprudency, although government lawyers and others who have favored the ban, said there are alternate, more widely used procedures that remain legal. The outcome is likely to spur efforts at the state level to place more restrictions on abasians, more than a million abortions of see the government can't keep their nose out of your body. That's the, you know, they can't keep their nose out. Keep your nose out. You get squeeze you crazy people you. More than a million abortions are performed in the USU cheer court reasons, deaths nearly 90% of those occurred in the first 12 weeks of pregnancy, not affected by today's ruling. Not affected. Six federal courts have said that the law was in focus today was an impromisible restriction on a woman's constitutional right to an abortion. The law bans a method of ending a pregnancy rather than limiting when an abortion can be performed. Today's decision is alarming. Alarming, just as Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote in the sense she said the ruling refuses to take serious, seriously previous Supreme Court decisions on abasian. She said it's alarming. Well, what does she know if she's Jewish, you know? Ruth Bader Ginsburg. What if she's going to Arneganford? You know, Arne, Wu will Ginsburg from WMEX and Central Carham? Yes. Let's go to Rocky Hanthar, can say a little new Hampshire. What is this Chinese laundry thing? Is this a joke? Yeah, it's a joke, but I'm just excited to be able to fact something, something, something real picky right now. No, did you read it? Yes. It's okay. It says, funny, Chinese laundry. Wona was unhappy with the way her laundry was done through local Chinese laundry. So if you wrote an out and put it in the bag with an ex-collection of sore clothing, you was more soap on panties. She got the clean laundry back and was still to satisfy with the results. So the following machine closed another note, used more soap on panties. The Chinese laundry man became very annoyed and when her clean laundry was delivered, it contained a note from him. I used plenty soap on panties. Use more paper on ass. It's said. Well, that's disgusting. Yeah. Kind of amusing though. Thank you so much for ever sent it in. And it came over our facts machine. It came being sent from that facts machine. It's not got a toner cartridge. Can you see how easy this to change those things? Now what does it say when it says change from soon? When it says what? Change drum soon. Is that different than the toner? This is an actually say that? Yeah, I don't know what that means. Oh, no, the drum cost you like 300 bucks. Are you kidding me? No, I'm not. I've got one, maybe I do have one sitting on the floor. Yeah. So you're going to be ordering one of those, huh? Oh, are you kidding me? No, it's me. It's not a intrusion. I'm not going to be in court. So in other words, this recondition used the thing and had the stuff that was basically all out. It's Puerto Rican dishened. Well, that's craft. It's a place drum soon. The one good thing is the drum last for like forever and a day. But you know something, not today because it's wood by Wednesday, but tomorrow I'll get on it. All right, you can expense that, you know? I'm not going to expense anything. Okay, the kind of money that I'm making here. It's just embarrassing. And believe you, me, I got a whole piece of a fast paper and I'm going to be a closet now. My closet is full, but no people. And it just office a prize. I got six ton of cartridges sitting on the floor. And maybe get some mold? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. While smoking marijuana is never, and you know something? Oh, here's a call. WQA and hello. I put a bomb under Chris. Okay. Yeah, you dropped a bomb all right. I can smell it all the way up here. While smoking marijuana is never good for the lungs. It's active ingredient in pot may help fight lung cancer in the research shows. How do you like that? Smoke a big fat one and fight lung cancer. Harvard University researchers have found in both laboratory and mouse studies that TAC cuts tumor growth in half in common lung cancer while impeding lung cancer is a ability to spread. The counts, yeah, I think everybody needs to go to hamster dam. You're one of them big tumors. Remember that line in the movie? Great sense of tumor. Two more to say that. The count of a sudden. The count of a sudden. The count of a sudden. The count of a sudden. The starium of a type boy. Poor tumor. All he had to do was start singing that old man. River. That would have been bad, but too many nasty stereotypes. Every minority group could stereotype the movies on TV, every place you go. The count of a sudden. The count of a sudden. You said it. I'm certain lines of cancer cells are explained, Dr. Len Horvitz, another Jew, a pulmonary specialist at Lenny's Hills Hospital in New York City, another Jewish doctor, baby. Don't go to any gland if you're going to go to a doctor. Although I go to that doctor bush, if he was on the field, I don't know. Is he Jewish? I don't know. The name like that, he could be. I'll ask him next time. You Jew? According to the researchers, T.H.C. Fife's lung can't help say to me, you mow? And I'll say, yeah. And I'll go back to my body. According to the researchers, T.H.C. Fife's lung cancer by curbing epidermal growth factor, E.G.F., a molecule that promotes the growth in spread of especially aggressive non-small cell lung cancers, it seems to go to E.C. F. receptor sites themselves and have it growth at her, if it was not involved in the study. The findings are preliminary, however, in other outside experts urge caution. It's an interesting laboratory study, but you have to go through enough additional animal studies to make sure the effect is reproducible and to make sure that there are no overt, toxic effects, and Dr. Norman Edelman, another Jew doctor, chief medical officer, the American lung association. Are there any questions, doctors as you're hope not? Or dentists? I wonder how my old dentist guys do it over there in Pembert-Lake's, Dr. Dury. I got a great dentist here. He's Russian. The best. Tell me, he's wrote down. I'm a good person. Tell me, slow down. The findings were, he takes his time. Believe me, he likes to inflict a lot of pain. Remember, I had a couple of weeks there where I had those dentists. I don't, dental stuff going on. Oh, I'm getting tongue-tyed just thinking about it. And they janned that rubber ball in your mouth. Kind of like the one at Jennifer Conley had there in Requiem. And then with the dentist and the hygienist could ask to ask, then I still can really nervous. Because you're like a captive. You're like chained out of that cherry, and you're laying back in a proposition. And you got that rubber ball in your mouth. The findings. I don't know what was so funny about that, but it just struck by funny bone. You know what I mean? The fuck. Just envisioning that is just unlawous eating thoughts, especially my dentist and his hygienist. Oh, oh, good made a creeps. They're going to be presented at the annual meeting of the American Association for Cancer Research in LA. Long cancers that have a one cancer killer in the world. And if you stop smoking on spag, it's all you smokers out there. You wouldn't be having to worry about stuff like this. Some tumors that overproduce the EGF receptor tend to be extra aggressive and don't respond by the chemotherapy. THC is the main active ingredient of cannabis, marijuana. It's been shown to inhibit tumor growth in cancer, but specific information on it. It's actually against lung cancer, so far, but in limited cases. Of course it's been limited because the establishment don't want to come up with any good news about marijuana, because that it's bad for business, bad for the DEA. And for all those bad shoots out of a job. So that's a self-affilling prophecy that holds the EAT thing because they know that they're never going to stop people from doing drugs and getting stolen whether they want to do. So they just continue hiring all these people and paying them a lot of money. So it's just a bunch of crap, you know. So you want to cut down on domestic violence a lot. What's that? Part. Oh, and your house, I'm sure. Yeah. Oh, can you even begin to imagine? Oh, good. It wasn't stolen. What's the point? This week, we've reached a epic moment here. Oh, geez. Look at that. A thousand and two votes on the show on the poll. What about? Huh? Not too bad. And it's just very, it's the first break after 11 o'clock. I bet you're pleased as puncher about that. I bet you're shocked. It's probably because Miguel was doing the show yesterday. I'm 60. You A.L. received the most from our main artists. And we have these, Leigh Reed, have always believed the last money to be made. The last work to do. And we appreciate your efforts to freeze one another with sportswear, even February. But now that we're almost out of business, measures must be taken to raise. These are negative morning number to at least a point one by actually providing a product to sell in the morning. That being said, 5, 60, Q, A, F, please. I miss N, JJ. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh But what you're mind's mean, I don't know who I really are, But you may have any idea that I have In other words, if you know how I title this, If by too long is that, but it's just I'm just presumptuous, but if you go back back, if you go back, if you go back, if you're right, would I have one, if I could be well, or if you could be, but if I had aafter or whatever, if you're a little bit better than you, if you're I happen to be at the time. 2015, both on the forward. You know I'm thinking Eric because because it's wood by Wednesday, we'll let the audience in a little, I mean they already know this because I've talked about it before, but like on Wednesday early, I send Eric I've faxed him on a pole for the next day for tomorrow, as opposed to doing the afternoon because I'm not going to be here the afternoon. Get it? Got it. So he's already got a doctor to switch. I wouldn't let these something if we'd pull the switch on him right now, switch and ruin all right. That sounds really exciting. Let's do what I do it. No. Why not? We'll give you something to do this afternoon. Give you something to do it. It takes like two seconds of getting out of your eye. I like my day. That one's day. I'm not listening to you. You can go home and take an happy night. You can shut off that thing under. It's going to wake you up to change the pool. I'm putting this out right now. Here we go. Let him down, put it out and pull switch. But I've been hit that thing. Here it goes. Because I like this one for tomorrow. And it's also from Charlie B. Charlie B, he's the pole man. Remember the soul man with salmon Dave? Mm-hmm. Well, this is the pole man without salmon more Dave. Here's the new pool. In fact, we're going up there right now. Let's see. I'm voting for the first one. Crazy as Schmidt. I like the ones that I have to change the word on the app. Like, do you think he's acting like that? There we go. There's the first vote. It's the one who'll praise the Ashman. Sam and Dave. That's not tool man. There's it. Sure it is. I'm gonna show the salmon coming. Is that what's going on here? I'm gonna make sure you give. Huh? No. Well, don't come in as different. Okay, that's enough. Sounds like the Eddie K. Show. He's being all like crap. I mean, that's a good song. Oh, that's hold on. I'm coming back. We can't say that in one year. No. Not be sitting on that. Not a set of nifty talk up. It was sounds like 21 votes today's pool is closed. How do you like that? It's closed. If you missed out voting on it too bad, you lose. What's your take on the shootings at Virginia Tech? To be honest with you, what things does it make? What their take is, you know? What what what what what doesn't make? Because it's not going to stop. It isn't going to end anything. Nobody's going to end. It's matter of fact, I got an article in my gigantic pile here that Congresses like, oh, they have no interest in any more gun laws, you know? Everybody should have a lot of guns and get pissed off while I blow somebody away. What's his fancy just sent me here on the new. It says, speaking of smoking pot, I'd be willing to bet you're just life on the proposition that 99.9% of these gunned mice like the Virginia Tech killer. We're not pot smokers. By the way, why is it the media second guessing the president of Virginia Tech, but no then second guess, WD and Cheney at all, for not shooting down the plane to hit the second tower, which was more worth the second guessing. Excellent place sir. Absolutely correct as usual, but don't confuse the media with the facts. And you want an awye shouldn't confuse the media with the facts. The media is sick and you're not bad with it. Amen. Anyway, 2021 votes, what's your take on the shootings at Virginia Tech? Those are too easy to get. It's 157 in America anyway, throughout in Pinelightca in a candy store. I have like two Mars bars, a zigzag and a zag not, not a zigzag. A zag not and a zigzag and a zigzag and a 45. Somebody said you, I have a 45. I have a 45. I'll record you. Yeah, I'll record you. How do you talk to them? They don't remember records, man. You know why do you mean it? I'll look scratchy crap. Anyway, Guns are too easy to get to him in the 77. It's the American F and WA323. Schmidt happens 130. I selected in St. 106. Yeah, nobody gets shot in America. These things just happen once in a blue moon by the Mars cells blue moon. I bet you got it. I'm sure you do. Oh yeah, correct. When it goes bump, bump, bump, bump, bump like that. Blue moon. Don't end with my gun 68 and I don't care. In the middle of the night, I say you do. I don't think you can play in the 60 day, but I don't think you can play in the 60 day, but I don't think you can play in. Do I sit with that? One more time, though. I like the bump a lot here. See, next night. Okay, let's take a look at the new pool. Here's the one we just put up, and now you don't have to change the pool. change the pool. This is all the way for tomorrow. I like this. This is pretty nifty. It's the nifty fifty. And how can I understand that? Oh, I see. I went back. I didn't realize you could do that. That's very interesting. When a religion restricts you to certain foods on certain days or for a busy week to eat them at all, that is blank. 27 votes on there. Pretty quick. Crazy as Schmidt 17. Amen. I'll say amen to that. Don't be like that. I had my bacon this morning. You know something is a protest. I might have some more. Hmm. I think you're really nice break. I'm going to make me up another batch bacon too. 27 votes. Crazy as Schmidt 17. Something I'm glad I have no part of four. Fair. I'm not participating in this bunch of crap. An idea of food as people came up with not God for. Certainly not. Be a God. All of you better comply with it. You're burned in hell one. Hard for me to obey one. Something I do because I'm weak. None. Something I, I, I religious person violate all the time. None. A sign of my obedience to God. None. And so unfair. I'm missing out on some good eats. None. How's that possible? Governor says patience asked condolences be sent to the grieving families. Well, it was an that special. Then make you feel better? Nope. That condolences are being sent to the grieving families. Let's send our condolences. Let's have another candlelight vigil. Let's say another prayer. Let's have I see a little prayer now. Do you have it by D on Warwick or your Weathe or Franklin? Both. Both. Do you really? And well, hang on. Now let's see what else did I, what we got them all in there. We got a good night to invite a love by the carpet is what it that's there we go. There's the D on one. Yeah, it's a little work backwards. Did you not, it's a very bad ride. It's a very bad ride. Almost stopped. Do you have a little, little shoe syrup? And then, would you like that? Nailed that bitch. Hey, how's your second hotline coming by the way, Dion? Oh, this is your Weathe row. Can we sit that on the air? No, your Weathe row. Oh, man, I way, God. She's really fat. That's why people like you. Do you have another set of fat people like other fat people like me? I like their cannon. Right. Because you can relate. He's dead by the way, William Conrad. I wonder why. He'd be cops show because he was always whaddling around like I do. You know, fat people are very fond of other fat people. Dom de la Wies, I like Dom de la Wies. He's hysterical. And you know, the interest in ever dawned on me other than the feeding friends, either is not one drop in. Get the money, Jr. From Fatsil. That's got his voice out. Do you hate the only? You got well, it's not that there's that many drop. We need more Fatsil drop-ins. Now, the feeding friend, you know, Chris hasn't been silent. I'm not sure. Chris has been from Fatsil. A Fatsil like I mean Chris hasn't seen Fatsil. I mean, I just haven't watched it. You say that again. I have it with me. I haven't watched it. What do you mean you have it with? It was here in the studio. It was here in the studio. It was here in the studio. He said, here, watch the dancing. And when you push going in, you think it's going to happen? You found the happy part about it. You think it's going to make you feel bad about fat? Is that what it is? No. I'm fat. I've been fat for like, let's see, 1960, how long is that? Almost 50 years have been fat. I've been fat for a long time since I went to Boston, 1961 or whatever. How old was Boston? Well, you talk about good food. Man, man, friends, forget about all those great sub sandwiches there. I might have. And of course, Brigham's ice cream. You don't miss what Brigham's ice cream is. It was only a little hot-fied sundays. Nice. I think of the Serbian stand-ins matter of fact. I got news for it. I mean the old-proverted fact that I am. It doesn't take me too much to think about the Serbian stand-ins. For a lovely pop little boy. I know. That's the looming. The golden girl. You should grow a content and just call it, which is a bunch of ringer hits. And if you're falling and you're new, and you're little boy, you're boy. I'm flying out of your face, every place, drop the fat off and lose that pony off. All the world. Keep on the color. Every single second that you are on stage. I feel like a couple of rage. You're not finally a lady. You're wearing a lot of these makeup. But for the kids and cars and the cars, the costination cannot wait till your turn. You're in a foundation. All the men who are. Keep on the color. You're trying to be everybody's good. Now you're more faithful than a group of men. Your love. Lock them down. Please, your friendship, time back. Okay, well done. Tomorrow will have you. 207 of the two and almost lunch time, so I have a little bacon for lunch, I had bacon for breakfast, but I have to have lunch. Mmm, that's good. Nice and real. Can you hear how crispy it is, crunchy? Mmm. Not going to be doing that before we do start a call. I mean, this is very important article. It says, bush almost human by Timothy Ghetto on smirkingchimp.com. For a sec, Ghetto as human Ghetto does soul. What does that mean? The only good cat is a dead cat, Rodney Ghetto. He says, the only thing that George W. Bush will be remember for is that he almost did something right. He almost got been ladden. He almost got elected president legitimately. He almost destroyed the nation. And he almost finished his term before he got himself impeached with a little help from Dick Cheney and Alberto Gonzalez. The last almost is a work in progress. I hope that he realizes that going to Virginia Tech and making that heartfelt emotional speech wasn't fooling anyone. This man doesn't understand the concept of Needless Death. He doesn't really understand the pain level one feels when they're told that they'll never see their child again. For no matter what the age of a person, for their mother and father, they will always be their child. If he truly knew the meaning of Needless Wanted Death under cruel circumstances, he would never have begun his farewell in Iraq. He went to Virginia State, but he never wants to see Cindy she and camped out in his driveway. He minimizes the death that manifests itself in Iraq day after day. The government would allow pictures of caskets with a flag over them loaded into C5A galaxies. God forbid that our people see those caskets and understand the true meaning of war. There was good reason to go to Virginia Tech. Did you just crack your knuckles again or not? You did one? Dropped? My pen. Then he dropped his pen or crack his knuckles, Chris. Top the spent. I'm checking now. All right. Because I'm here now if you crack your knuckles too much, you get arthritis. Yes, you do. There's a bunch of crap. I've been crackin my knuckles on my left and I've got no arseous. And as far as I take facial capsules by the way, I'll make a 369. Didn't think you liked fish. Can't stand fish. That's why I take in capsule form. There was good reason to go to Virginia Tech. The parents and friends of those students senselessly gunned out by another maniac. This society has produced. And more important to his political standing than the parents of the soldiers that die in Iraq. The soldiers who died in Iraq in the most part didn't come from wealthy families and could probably not pay for tuition, which was probably the biggest reason they joined the service. This is something I know a little about for our was a recruiter when we had more sensible government. I'm not saying that the soldiers are somehow more important than those who died of Virginia Tech. A life is a life any younger life coming to a violent end is the worst possible thing, one can imagine. What I will say is that we'll hear days and weeks of introspection on what have at a Virginia state and follow the story, minute by minute until all that can be said has been said. Not so those who die in Iraq for reason so intangible that the government has changed their mission many times. We know why they're dying. Not to stop terrorists from coming over here or because they hate us for our freedom or because we want our free, the Iraqi people. We're doing it so that the American oil companies can get their hands under a macro oil and make this pay as much as they can get from us. The president almost succeeded a few things but always came up short. Always. One thing he did succeed at was to make the defense contractors billions of dollars. He succeeded in spending over $420 billion and spending it around not so that his base and family will be forever grateful. He succeeded in making himself the most hated man on earth since eight-off Hitler. There's one question still left unanswered. When history looks back on abortion administration in the future, what will they say about our former government? Will they say that he almost installed a dictatorship on the American people? Let's hope that the word almost will be the operative word. If not, we'll be reading what they want us to read. Pretty good crap, huh? Yeah, you go to him. Elgato del Sol. How's the least Miguel doing? How's my good friend? What's his name doing? Enrique, say I'm a side out of mind. Enrique, my good friend, what's his name? What's bad? Remember Enrique used to send me all his, you know, of course you do. I was very good at that. You always say sure, yeah. Maybe we said fire at all the cutouts that you had in the studio. He doesn't like anymore. Since we said fire at all the stand-up cutouts that you had in the studio. No, that's your place then with women. With women? Yeah, I'm just going to put you in a lot of women icing. Enrique? Yeah, that's not a good thing necessarily. But even you have two minutes true. Oh, that's bad. I mean, they're getting choked up for us to bacon. Look at that. Two stalking of planes against Joe in 2005. Anybody out there stalks somebody? We're going to kid you guys. I don't even like that. Simple as that. Don't be stalking because you're going to quit walking and breathing. How's the new pull coming? 91 votes. Now, let's see. Is it still? No meat on a Friday or a deck a lot with a bunch of people who can't so bad. But there are some traditional, they change their mind. So much of a couple of places, bro. That's right. God changed his mind. Well, he tends to be a fickle son of a guy. Yeah. Even though the Bible says he's the same yesterday today in forever. Guess what? Yeah, that's not right. That's right. In fact, in the Hindu that's something by the spiral staircase. I love you more today than yesterday. Remember that's something? Yeah, we're going to hear it in a second. Are we? You got it? Why? This crispy bacon man's enough to give me like a special assignment. In fact, if I could find a serving of stag, it's a lot even crispy bacon. I don't like this song. Probably this. I just don't like it. It's just only ever said nice things about you. It's not too bad. And whoever heard of that in the dream though. This is it. No way. I'm not a man. I'm a man. Oh. Chokin? Yeah, keep playing it. Do you need the homework? I did. No, this is my fault. Yeah. I did. No, this is my fault. Yeah. I did a playful game. Yeah. I did a playful game. I got a perfect chance that way. I've been doing this this is coming up for a lot of minutes. You would have been in such a cold sweat man. Yeah, what a panic. Yeah, of course you just said he didn't even change his will yet. I don't know business with my wife. Oh, it is. It's high comedy. You know that that's a good song by the way. I will by the Beatles members out on the way. I will. Yes. But you don't have that. No, no chance. So the album cut was never single. Do you have an album cut in that library of yours too? Yeah, I have a lot of it. The hell? I didn't mean to do that. What's that? Whatever I didn't want to play. Oh, oh, God Almighty, where the hell is it? Yeah, this is it. Well, I sort of have it. It's the instrumental version. Oh, it doesn't count. I own the white audience. Jerry, you think this is romantic. I'm Mitch Miller. I don't know what is this. But I have the whole album. I just haven't scanned it in the computer yet. The white. Elvis is a number one hits by the moment. A radical choir. Here's Johnny McRis. Yeah, I can clean. Chan Thuthar. And if you sing with a list, but you don't know that. Yeah. I like this. That was Christmas. Christmasy stuff was alright. Yeah. He did a good job with Alve Maria though. Yes. I think when we come back after the break, we got to play Alve Maria by Johnny McRis at it. Is that Johnny Dahlamaxress? 97 votes on the pool not bad. I think this bacon is going to my brain. My junior honey. Baby, hear me and George have just rolled in the paternity suit over an in a close sniffed baby. And the full sniffed woman, Roy Friend, Larry Burkett, is a biological father. Oh, bro. Yeah, now we got our priorities in order. Our ducks in the row as I say. I just ate the last piece of bacon. You would please once I watched that down. Who's this guy? What's that? The thing I'm seeing right now. I'm changing it for my class show. I don't know. He looks sick to me. Nice head here, baby. He's an engine guy. And the other guy's an engine guy too. Can't you tell? Yes, he's brown. Well, there's other brown people who are engine. No, no, but he looks at it. Well, that's because he's sitting next to the guy with a terminate. Whatever you call that thing. What do you call that? Turbin. Thing that the engines were. You might as well do the things that are crawling around underneath that. Oh, my God. Shouldn't say that. Can't drive. He's going to get upset. I got to go. Let's be an east cab driver here. I'll be picking me up right at two. It's already a quarter noon. 14, 12. I'm Woodbind Wednesday. Folks, what's that all about? Oh, and the slots are open at Pompano. You know, Duff. Next time he comes in there. Yeah. Remind me to say one thing through him. You're fair. Yeah, I said I don't think we're forget. No. I mean, it's just, look at that. At least 157 killed 100 and some other injured in Baghdad bombings. And now we interrupt the Virginia Tech stuff to show this on CNN for just a few moments. I perhaps that's a neighborhood. We have perhaps it's a neighborhood perhaps it's a neighborhood perhaps it's not the middle of the end of the development of nowhere. Whatever the deal is, but there are a lot of crazed people going bananas. It's a good thing we had that surge. Can you imagine the kind of chaos that we go on? I know. I remember a surge of art played for the Montreal Canadians. How about those hockey playoffs? Any interest? How the pants is doing? And when they games yet, those any? How at the least? All right. Let's take a look at the poll. Okay. 112 votes. When a religion restricts you to certain foods on certain days. Or for a big unit of eat them at all, that is blank. Crazy as Schmidt 47. What do you expect from this even crowd? And thank God for that. Thank God for that. Damn God. That's right. That we got a bunch of humans out there. We found people with an IQ bigger than their thumbnail. Bigger than their left testicle, even a women. An idea for a... An idea for foolish people came up with not God 26 foolish people. The same foolish people who invented God, by the way. I just mentioned that in passing. Something I'm glad I have no part of 24. Fair. I'll leave whatever to how I want to eat. Especially in my case, whatever this is going to make of it. If there was a hell, I'm already going to burn there for a long time. I'll be crispier than that bacon I just enjoyed so much. All right. All right. You've been a compliant with your burn and hell five. You're going to burn in on the lake of fire, baby. Because the Lord God is a merciful God. And he ought to, I write. And he gets pissed off a lot. Even though he's perfect. Hard for me to obey for, a sign of my obedience to God three. Obedience to God, my ass. Okay. That the A.K.A. weakling, simple and simple-minded weakling. Lemon, sheep, ostrich, flamingo. That that to me. I highly would be beautiful once upon a time before John Bernade destroyed it. And the hurricane. But watch in that guy who used to blow the whistle in the flamingos. Were you over there? No. I saw it on TV though. He would, he would, he would, he would, he was feeding time. And all of a sudden goes in the infield in the middle of the lake there at the Highly and the trainer, whatever hell he was, he would blow the whistle and it would all line up and go step because they knew it was feeding time. And they would go step in the line. That's the human race. Flamingos. Something, when religion, research, he needs certain foods and certain days. Or for religion, he needs them all. Something, I religious person violate all the time too. What you're going to burn in hell too, I do like that no matter how religious you are. Because the Lord doesn't make exceptions, okay? It's not like being a good person and believe all the bullcraft except when you feel like it, okay? You're going to burn in hell. So go ahead and have a good time. Get it out of your eat, trade today. Something I do because I'm weak one and so unfair. I'm missing out on some good eats one. 122. The whole, this whole concept of life as an ongoing ritual man, that's pathetic. That is tragic. Zaire tragic baby, pathetic. Life as a series of rituals. Don't eat meat on a Friday. And I'll do like macaroni and cheese. Too bad it's all carbs that makes me sick. That's right. See, that's the love in God did with us. God be these crap? He knew them well that I scream in macaroni and cheese and pasta. Basta La Pasta, he said, I said screw you God. And then he, look at what he did to me. Just take a look at me and you'll see what he did to me. What? Make a gay? No, he hit me with the ugly stick. He made me gay. Made me gay. We're going to take any calls today or what? We took that one. I'm trying to think was there somebody on it? I forget. It was online too, I recall that. Don't remember it? No. That was in the first hour. How about Chris? Do you remember it? You sure we took that call today? I would bet you. I'll bet you your life on it. How do you like that? That's how positive I am. Not only did we take it, it was online too. Okay. I think I think it would be yesterday. No. See, there's line three that one ain't done there. WDQAM Hello. Hello Neil? Yes sir. Hey, how you doing? All right. Well, take last week and this week is a perspective last week when I'm as faint as remarks about the Rutgers women's basketball team. One of the basketball players on the team said her life was ruined. She was one for the rest of her life. Yeah, somebody called her a name, right? Yeah. So we did. What did she think of now? What happened in Virginia Tech? I mean, I mean, I wonder what that girl's thinking. Her life is ruined. What about these students over here in Virginia Tech? What a happy headed home. WQAM Hello. Hey Neil, how are you? Okay sir. I haven't been in a lot of time this year watching any hockey. The Rangers that good was interested. 560560 pound five 60 in the answer is no they're not. pound five 60 in the horizon, single the wireless line. WQAM Hello. Uh-huh. Yeah. I am the popular one is track opened up the slot. And that to shame that to shame that Allen think of some battle live to see as you know. What does that mean? What does that mean? I mean, it's going to make Lil Harness racing. You know, some capital of Harness racing. It's going to make it the best way to make it the best way. The summer capital of Harness racing, you mean the winter capital. So you wouldn't know Harness rate, who is this? What kind of a little retarder was this? I know what that Harness racing they need to do. You know crap about Harness racing. You would know Irves, failure on from your ass. Think doesn't love to ring. Yeah. Yeah. Tell me some traitors that used to be used to ring the mic. Yeah. Again out of my face. Tell me some traitors that used to raise with owner to my. I got to give me a hot end baby. Give me a hot end. Give me that Italian champion. Huh? Give me a while. Harnessy have breaking up in the air and jumping up and down. Harness racing. I got to be four months to talk about hockey. And it's why I want to talk about Harness racing. I think they're coming. I'm sorry. I'm going to mention about Duffl. Okay. That was my story on that. Well we didn't give it on to buy. You know something. Thirty-freak in years. Pompidot park has been advertising on a show. I'm the only person in the media in this entire market who knows a damn thing about who knows any of these people. Mickey McNickle from Nickel and dime. And Duffl. Oh, geez. What are we going to do? Neal. Duffl. Week sister. Baby. You're fair. That's qa m for you okay. As they continue parlaying all of my 800 years in this business into a pile of dogmen That's what they're doing to every one of us mad dog the Humphrey ticker looking everybody on the station And it's the judge jolly Joel Bell regime with his fat ass. That's what's going on Let me ask you something what is going on? I have no idea Although I met the new General Manager for Power and A6 and in the T-Rume just recently here. Did you really am? What was he with him? He don't his name is Thomas Thomas Manning and he's a very nice guy Yeah, I win Thomas, I was this last guy. Don't remember Tommy when jumping over the rail and Valley Frost do you have Valley Victory nice firm handshake This guy would know Jack Akerman from Dirk Akerman Any other Dirk W2AM hello W2AM hello Yeah, good morning sir. All right. Oh, I sent you a picture on my face last night of a Dude a bicycle and because the patch choice stuff. Yeah, check that out Yeah, I believe it. Yeah, I Thought okay It was a black kid with it was very tasteless and a very bad taste and I deleted it just like a lot of the rest of you that's in stuff It you know is a rationally offensive and disgusting. I delete that too guess what? I look at every single piece of it and delete delete delete delete Okay That's my new hobby now. I eat and I delete Anything sweet WQAM hello WQAM hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Hey, are you gonna be at the QAM draft party the dolphin draft number nine? Hello And 560 you can take your QN draft party you can take the NFL draft and stick it where the cacamone shines, okay Sick really sick and like you've been saying for a long time, man. You can't tell these people anything You can't tell them nothing Well, there's this kid from much across state he's 240 pounds he's a middle line backer and if the dolphin just get lucky Yeah, you know, sure I care about pretty Quinn but not because he plays football I'm gonna tell you right now. I'm sure you like here about football. Yeah, right at the 18th of April I'm really in a football kind of mind, you know what? One trick pony baby that sounds so and then they don't even really listen to about football either Nothing so who did your favorite version of old man River She personally Paul robs it. Oh, it's gonna do this. Oh, it's jumping in hot. Oh, yeah Actually the person that did the favorite version ever was it the macaroni or cat macaroons That's right. I'm gonna pop that on the tree It was like Dutch shoes he had those wooden shoes on whatever was it wouldn't you know it yeah And right in the middle of a really great meal to macaroons Really ahead this live entertainment and we scream River I mean that was I think the word unnecessary comes to mind here on me unnecessary and also unacceptable like most of your calls buddy Our Expect in moms want to enjoy a hot protein meal and give your baby a low sperm count Grill up a porter house Or maybe you're looking forward to a relaxing retirement without a bunch of screaming grandkids running around Then try a delicious London brodo in fact there are thousands of beef recipes and it'll make sure your little cow poke will be Shoot in by Put beef on your table and in 30 years you'd be glad you did in fertility is was for dinner couple one in five sixty WM happy Wednesday to its wood buying Wednesday on Q. William whatever the hell I'd mean and don't forget you go to Pompano and pretend you're wood buying right And you find a good machine and plunger guts out tell Doth that he's a you're fair idiot Tell Steve also same thing by the way. Hey Steve here just out of touch you just the tragic Hundred and 75 votes are second pool today. We did a thousand plus in case you missed the first one boy It was exciting one at one exciting Chris. Oh, yeah, hey look this guy was taken to a mental health facility in 2005 when you're doing How crazy people and when it doubt they let me know they're always a person that's the American F in way They knew he was a crazy person. They took him to a man Great show with suicidal police got back in touch with show and they asked him to meet to a counselors They say he voluntarily did that a temporary a detention order was obtained and he was taken to a mental Health facility where they believe he would take it back. He's pretty honest this of course all happening at the same time That he came that's why I got all freaked out maybe because he was so long way. Thanks, so maybe that's why I kept snapping him Snapshots under the desk. Yeah Maybe just couldn't get no action. Oh, there's Steve Flint you again, man. Steve Flint him When did the greatest of his name was Steve catchin that would be even better, but nothing's perfect 12.03 a QM. We got no Marlin game today so my next land to stick around you'll chew a clock Remind me of what a clock that it's wood by one stick is my practice. Okay All because then I got to start putting on my clothes, you know We kind of stupid to go to wood by my box and shorts that would be grow test even I wouldn't do that Hello, they deserve it They deserve it and then if I could find the management over there I would just walk around a kind of like bend over and fart in their face Hey, here's what I think he or my sheen's mom This fart right in their pussy Katrina Pan in Hoover Lammation says beyond thoughts and prayers He says on the Sanctuary of National sorrow meaning yesterday President Bush offered his prayers to those who are suffering as a result of the enormous Traumnity of Virginia Tech as well as his support for full investigation His statement of grief came shortly after White House spokesman Dana Perino have voiced this statement the president believes that there's a right for people to bear arms But that all laws must be followed in other words It seemed to me there was something missing in the response to the president and his administration Just as there wasn't a response to the Columbine tragedy Perhaps Paul healthy president the Brady campaign paint of event gun violence put a best wish we missed statement today Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families of the Virginia Tech community and the families of the victims of what appears to be one of the worst mass shootings in American history eight years ago this week Eight years ago this week the young people in Lulz and Colorado suffered horrible attack at Columbine high school and almost exactly six months ago Five young people were killed in an image school house in Pennsylvania Since these killings we've done nothing as a country to win gun violence in our schools and communities if anything We've made an easy to access powerful weapons. We've now seen another horrible tragedy it'll never be forgotten It's long overdue for us to take some common sensations to prevent tragedies like this from continuing to occur and Katrina says it's time to move beyond thoughts and Prayers hold your breath Katrina and then can happen because that's not the American effin way guns are what it's all about baby shooting people blowing them away bombs big bombs bigger bombs That's what it's all about To show everybody how much are we are now with us all about like a machismo contest. Mm-hmm. That's also fun Well, he's me out. That's that's a big thing with your people. Yeah, my people a 30s worried that it was suicide. They weren't where they might do some harm to somebody else They were worried about him being suicidal. Yeah, I phone them Well, he did he yeah, well, you know, he's a lady like breast row a little bit late Take it in one mental hospital in 2005 and there's that bitch She told CNN the American morning job robbers she threatened to quit if Joe wasn't removed from a class She said you can't make it. I said yeah, I can't you know Again, I'm telling that don't a good job, but you know you talk to say you know This is a lot of pulling you know and you have to quit doing that because he was ready Just weird We're craft man what you want to say is use red and weird Schmidt but she didn't have the cones to say it there she is by the way Giovanni that's Italian lady she wanted him out of his orc it's class Giovanni whatever her first name Does it make any difference what her first name is no it's miss a cell of this one Yeah, I mean a risky event hey Stella Hundred days we vote some a second poll now what are the other foods that are prohibited we have no meat on Friday Which of course the Pope is that thought better with that you know Because he likes his meat. I can't tell you what kind of sticky likes but nevertheless yeah You but I cut it out Now what the what's the other prohibited stuff and the cat likers and And he's a good your people to have all the dietary restrid my people the Arabs is that what you're talking about I mean the freaking phrase that was your semi-t's with all your clothing of both business. Yeah What's that health is length get bent if it's got to do with length now is length find this length I'll go find a cat like an ask him yeah, we'll do it's over Well, thank God for that that gentle soup man that they make that is just absolutely the most gross test Yeah, I don't want to say what it looks like you The antelus Speaking of the dolphins our day Joseph talked to you. I feel green Yeah, it'll What a market man. What a market a dumb balls just dummies Anybody with an IQ larger than this some get that a lot of their before it's too late I'm telling you right now. I sure got out my IQ is as busy as my little pinky Which occasionally is a little sneaky all the pens on where you put it five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty I got a big pile of stuff here, but you know what I just I don't know I just don't know it just tears your kishki's I know when you realize what you deal with Like I said have a good time enjoy life go to the track and plunge your guts out And that guy the guy with a hockey with a range is that was bad enough but then the other one had followed him that that Inversil About one of the my blah blah blah blah blah Everything on a car mine ever told Jimmy my own and also the crap. What are you talking about sir? I could I could send your name harness drivers that you never heard of okay for hours from now until midnight Put the audience into a coma. Yeah, maybe you will I just might just to piss that guy off give me a son as how smart he is what you know It's not honest racing about I Like the friend Alan think of what what he give a cramp of a slice He cared about the slice but not the kind we're talking about It won't be another Alan's thing. Listen. I'll say that ever ever I will Right, I hope you get it How do you get that oh I know by hooker by quick Look my man that day to next question Put some this in the way to high-certain This sounds like a racial thing You may be All ropes and had the name all those great and very dark But he was just a doctor who's real blood also. How did my Frank Sinatra if you want it sung by a lady like guys See if I live there need deeper pipes in this ever Oh, I see if they can Jim neighbors yeah Jim neighbors. No, there's a guy Holy cow Oh, man, whoever keeps on Clothing our deaths another one WC Who am hello? I would make the door to pitch down to the park. I was old. WCYM hello Who am hello? Hey, you have to noon. Yes, sir Me offer the angry at what happened down at the beach For them to put Perlman's name on that wall those people on that wall didn't have a choice They got plucked from their lives in this guy He went right into the fire looking for a story But you know your people want to make something weird your people what does that mean your people You What is this question who are your people okay? What kind of the NFL's are your people? No, no, I'm joined a club. Okay, oh, he's okay. Yeah, fat on the bridge. He just said that because he knew I like fat That's right not necessarily I like fat where she did though I like what you what's his name? Conrad is dead What's some other fat people were dead all of John candy. He's dead right WQA and hello Carol or Connor is another one who is fat QA and hello dead good afternoon sir. How are you? Okay, sir? I I hate to admit it man, but I swear next time is with Tiki Well, I should do also to install day long Honestly got next time who ticks me off management next time they take you off that Well, I should have had like show tunes all day every day then because they always take me off This is not this is not something that comes in goes like a headache, you know No, that wrote something that's great stuff. I'm scared who you are Oh, get George credit for that. I didn't find it. I pulled it out of my ace You know what else I got in there. He's like we say in America the ace in the hole, you know Like he's killed you want some show to go ahead to kill him So when I want to do the garland music we show already There's a lot of money Get out of here Show tunes You know These people are great today. They are good. I'm enjoying it It's good for a long time to see that hardest racing guy though being in that yeah That guy was really good only the mind coming several horses their race with one of the my and Stanley dancer and Billy Hotten and Dell Miller and all these other ones, you know Oh my god, just I bet you this guy wouldn't know Lou Williams from Billy Williams Floridian dumb as dirt She's a dancing with one day Well, it's sure it's quite a side-hide Where if I stare in the leg big my eye Well, it's the seeking for me is what we want on the seat because she's a dancing with one day Hey, I'm old she's dancing with one day Hey One day I'm married this through what is she trying to prove that she's a dancing with one day Hey Change the nail no look a well Now there's danger when she drove out Will they kick her off if a leg is lost? She's dancing with one day So folks are going to keep it and it's a pretty brave thing to do Yes, you take a chance whenever drop and stand because she's a dancing with one day Oh Some of the team if she's diabetic maybe she had a leg amplitude could be and of course I'm looking at this stuff now the professor is out of control today since me remember we had that thing about the 10 most heart Svetling foods that hold the mark most remember that yes, well now the same website MSN health and fitness has got 10 foods tough to digest All right, here though this is this is not good This is not good on a day when I'm going to woodbind and day when I might have a chance to lose an ounce Fried chicken hug. It's now that I can look it up and Are you eating at all the time aren't you? Yeah, like just this morning chicken fingers, but what's the deal? Well same crap right? It says anytime you take a food dip it in batter and then deep fry you turn into something that can be a Determined to your stomach If you're already suffer from inflammatory bowel disease, IBS greasy foods are a specially problematic can cause symptoms like nausea and diarrhea So it's Terry get us a dietitian Orlando to make you healthy a version take frozen chicken nuggets Or use you on bread crumb batter on chicken breasts and bake them rather than frying There's nothing worse than fried You've heard that I'm frying over here and that's what that comes from The advice to forego fried food for our flagr alternatives is also up for brother Traditional greasy snacks like potatoes chips to get the crunchy solid sensation chips without the unfortunate side effects Look for big versions of potato chips or switch to lower no fats and I like pretzels air pop popcorn or soy crisp Soy crisp my ass So know what chicken fingers got it Got it now just tell you not can listen to me, but I'm just I'm giving you good advice just like the thing with fries I've been telling you for years don't eat those freaking french fries Like Jack Nichols and would say they ain't no freaking french fries don't eat them. Oh this next one didn't print out I'll go back to the thing here It's spicy foods it says and it shows the picture like some peppers on a plate It says hot pepper such as cayenne and jalapeno Give food a wonderful spicy kick, but they can also irritate the lining of the esophagus or the on the way down The result an unpleasant heartburn like feeling after you wait hard for We're gonna be popping at BC powder baby even if you try to cool the heat by adding sour cream You're still getting all the spice and the same amount of irritation says get us so rather than trying to Mask spots spice with high-fat cream up for mild versions if you routinely server side effects You got it got to read this off the thing. It's a I mean I could do it, but it's just more fun to fumble my way through now what I can't stand this chocolate I can't I can't read this I will buy I shouldn't I shouldn't even try to do it. Okay, so against my religion. All right It says most of the unfortunate consequences surrounding the rich delicacy of chocolate come not from simply Eating chocolate, but from over eating it One small brownie and the occasional treat probably is fine a triple brownie Alamode probably is not triple brownie Alamode and that's good Yeah, it does a nice big brownie Sunday if you're a brownie home But anyone who suffers from gastro and soft-a-geal reflux or a gird like me disease G-E-R-D good can experience from even a small portion of chocolate that is correct That's because chocolate causes the lower as soft-a-geas The lower as soft-a-geals think through to relax allowing stomach acid to come back up back at you is what it does So no more chicken fingers no more chocolate no more jalapeno peppers no more spicy foods. Okay, that's only the first three oh No No more citrus juice but a Florida the fruit people a lot of fruits in Florida. They're gonna be all peeled out about this It said these acidic risks can irritate the esophagus stimulating the sensory nerves to be feel more irritant-flamed This might feel like acid reflux per reality. It's just irritation. Well, thank God for that drink that lemonade baby by the gallon In the stomach however the extra acid of the drink can cause other problems if you have eaten for example Have an eaten a big glass of orange juice first thing in the morning your gut is already full of acid So adding the extra acid can give you a stomachache and if you're drinking lemonade that's sweetened with high fruit roast corn syrup Watch out That huge influx of sugar is often a cause of diarrhea. Oh, can we say that diarrhea? Oh, no, it's an influx of acid That causes diarrhea wild diarrhea You know I'm talking about the camera. You don't leave the house. They close to home all day Oh, and here's one nice taters. Now. That's one I have to worry about I can't stand first of all when you're you know when you Diabeticy candy carbs anyway So I'm gonna cheat. I'm sure it's not gonna eat taters and I'm definitely not gonna eat mashed taters Do you know anybody that eats mashed potatoes? I mean a lot of butter and or gravey on a person. Every boo You do oh without all that stuff. No, no It says nothing seems more but I am in a bowl of creamy mashed potatoes after all That's why they rank near the top of the list when it comes to so-called comfort foods Fet but if you happen to be one of the approximately 30 to 50 million Americans who are lactose intolerant you'll find no cover these buds since most are loaded with milk or even with heavy cream Make them at home using lactose for your whole milk for the same cream cream creaminess minus the after effects In other words, you're gonna be your kishki's are gonna be like falling out. This is disgusting. Hey, listen these people know their crap man You know I'm saying Well onion now this is bad news for me that this is getting to be worse and worse news First of all the chocolate which I can't live without chocolate. I'll be dead without it now Ryan, but the point of it whoever made a burger even when I make weeners man I got like slice up some raw onion onions and their cousins like garlic leaks and shallots are filled with a variety of Fido nutrient compounds several which seem to be to offer healthy heart protected benefits and some of which cost stomach distress or could be the same compounds They do both Cooking them seems to deactivate some of the problem causing compounds, but on the chance that you're also deactivating some of the good stuff Dietitian Mary Ryan who just using mix of cooked and raw so can read the benefits without suffering. Well, that's very boring. You know that one's boring I'll stick to my raw onions. Okay. Thank you. What do you like it or not? Mary Mary rhymes with you fairy. Oh Look at this I can't I can't continue with this. Oh, okay. To know Wait close. Ice cream ice cream. Oh, there's no quick or way to determine if you're lactose intolerant The citant with a big bowl ice cream or maybe a half a gallon is good The bloating cramp again gas or clear messages your system is trying to tell you to stay away from such rich dairy products If that's the case the only solution is to switching to lactose free frozen treats such as those made from a soy or ice milk fat free But even if you're not lactose intolerant sitting down and scoffing a petal bed and Jerry's in one sitting We'll still give you some stomach trouble. That's because it's essentially all fat and fat triggers an stomach a longer than other way it's gross Fat lingers in the stomach longer than other foods being generally getting digested I'm getting tongue-tied because all of my all my foods are on here I'm gonna I'm gonna have to go and I talk to her sons a poop to die I'll I guess if you want that orange juice in the morning to be pooping all day long Oh, and here's another one broccoli and raw cabbage. I guess it's not gonna bother you. No Neither one Although I like some you know, it's good. Slah Cole-slah rancid you mean like cool slug that sits on the tables and delies for hours and hours and get ready I'd rather it not Oh, yeah, you know, smell the rancid and you'll be pleased though that when I was in hands today And some of the same pieces were still in the windows you know that one place called good luck on the way to the red light district there By Chiquita sexy shot with a big no-rosan the windows the good luck places still got the same pieces in the window And the same like big pockets of botulism just dropping on them. It's really exciting He's the most wanted in the world and we just He seemed to find him. He's a six foot four Arrows dude hell hard good at the well from all these years chances of finding him a slid Leading to him with spying sound lies and we listen to his song. If he's not where we think he's hiding, he might just be backing him in, tell me where, in the world is. I'm a bit loud. I'm a bit loud. I'm a bit loud. In the world is a summer bit loud. We're goody, we're goody. In the world is a summer bit loud. Right on your back, dude. I look out to window, just to be just to have a check. We have a set of side 12.32 or 5.60 WCMs. So there's only, I think, three more of these. I enjoy that earlier one, couple of weeks ago, a few weeks, whenever it held one, 18 months ago. The other one about the foods that are like, you know, all, all, and then they were just appetizing. More to this stuff. Well, broccoli and rock, can we, we're job, broccoli. And you don't. Right. It says these five-right nutrient-rich vegetables are incredibly healthy, but they're also well known for causing gas build up in the gut. A lot of gas going on, you know, that joists, too bad we can't play in those sounds. Fortunately, the solution is simple. Cooking them, or even just blanch them slightly, will deactivate the sulfur compounds that cause gas. I don't know, it is gas all that bad on them, you know, okay. Like the time that you're with. A little mad load, or listen to depending on where you're with and like if you're applying for a job stuff like that, it might not be the best idea. Or if you're like at the harness track, beans. Oh, what a bulletin, that's it. Now here we go again with your, a beaner peaver. beans have such an notorious reputation for causing gastric distress that they even spawn their own rhyme. Come on, it says you all know it beans beans. I mean, is it cool for it? Yeah, two, the moine, two, the moine, two, the moine. And then there are some truth that would it says, the ends of the ingredients. Great down beans has found only in our stomach bacteria. This is also disgusting. And as long as time is a good diet, a item, and we have a charge for this. It's a service on this show. Make you want to puke your guts out and never eat again. It says if you don't routinely eat beans, you might not have enough of those ends on your comfortably digest them. In other words, if you're not a beaner, the result of course is gas and bloating. Cooking beans in soup can help. The extra fluid, now I do like, what kind of soup am I thinking about? That's got like white beans in it. Oh, it's the vegetable. It's the vegetable. Oh, okay. Past the fat gillly. Cooking beans in soup can help. The extra fluid will help digest the larger amounts of fibers of beans contain. And next, you're cooking time. We'll start breaking the beans that even before you eat them. By adding beans to your diet gradually, you'll help build up the ends of our necessary to digest them without any issue or without any tissue. I guess if we have an issue, sometimes there is a tissue, needed. And last and now this is not surprising to me. Sugar free gum. And you know what's the first word in this little run-down is? No. Spiv it? No. Splider. No. Do you want to know this? So about all. Oh, that one. The ingredient found in many sugar free gum's candies and divers and shakes can cause an uncomfortable build-up of gas in your gut. Oh, man. Gas in your, uh, back to them behind. Check the labels before you buy to see if you can find sugar free price. I use less trouble some sugar substitute. And as if there are any, you know, multital and sorbital and all these, all these, all these, you know, all of these things. All of these things. I'm out as also an issue of war in this guy. This most people can handle two or three grams with no problems, but a product of packs, 10 or more grams of sorbitral. I'm undoubtedly be tough in the digestion. And you will be, you'll be staying close to home if you're smart. Runs with body part. So there's some good advice for, man. Ha ha ha. There's some good advice. No chocolate, no ice cream, no sugar free gum, no broccoli. I guess most people would handle that. Yeah, brownies. Although, what, what, what, how do you really eat brownies, you know? When's the last time we had brownies? I don't know. Last night. Huh? Well, I had some bad injuries and it was, uh, the brownie, uh, what's the call to stuff that's got the brownies? Well, the bad injuries brownie, how? Yeah, that's it. No, be doing it. Next break, you're going to start putting some clothes on by the way. This is my, me. Crystal memory. Get the paddle, he's on old man. Cause I want a, from now on because I'm so old and seen out on people, you've got to make sure that I'm, you know, fully clothing around. I'll take you by the hand, grabs. Yeah, please. And you can squeeze my bag a little bit to make sure there's no overflow. All right. So over 22 votes on the pool. And then of course we just finished with pay saw. And then that should have been the one we talked about the most. As far as dietary restrictions on holidays and all the southern nonsense, foolishness. Oh, you got to eat the massive, maybe no bread, no lemon bread. What if, what if the guy that made the massive, what if his name was Levin or Levin? What if Sidel oven was make out make sense under bread? And it would have been unleavened. What if that's correct? And a good point. 242 votes when a religion instructs you. Oh, wait a minute. This restricts you. I see the certain foods on certain days or for big you need them at all. That's crazy. It's mid 92. No, that's not crazy. What's crazy is that people obey it. That's what's crazy. That people go along with it. Well, the good book says, yeah. Don't be in, what is it? The uncloven, the hoof, what what is that? The clobin hose, you know, pigs and clobin hose, goats and what? Not about an apiatic clobin hose. Crazy, a Schmidt 92. Kimmel. And old foolish, an idea for this people came up with not God 68. Something I'm glad I have no part of 48. Allure you're better comply with or you're burning in hell 10. A sign of my obedience to God 10. Oh, yeah. Hard for me to obey six. Let's coach you the house. What do you say? Rimes with gay. Something I religious first and violate all the time for. We're going to turn your ass in. How do you like that? We're going to report to the same Peter. Those you people are cheating out there. So unfair. I'm missing out on some good deeds three and something I do because I'm weak one. Yeah, right. Anybody who does that is weak. I'll lemon a slipper. The church told me, don't do this and don't eat that. But the bond don't eat. Trayf and therefore I did it. Yeah, just like the Arabs with their halal crap. Don't the Indians, Indians also do that. Don't think the money I don't know. No, they do. Okay. We only have 80 million Indian restaurants in this city. Do you have any? Yeah, how many injured people we have here? No, no, tell me. How many different varieties of ragheads we have in Toronto? No, every kind of ragheads that's ever been invented. How many? About a Zidian. What is that kid with a bad complexion on her again from Virginia Tech? The story and I don't think that we can fully grasp what? His friends who are the shooting by making his own tourniquet. Well, that was a pretty clever. That's good. Thank the Lord for that. Okay, that is friends who are. Hopefully his friend looks better in heat us. 22, that's bad. I'd be saying bad things. There's a very, very nasty thoughts that I shouldn't admit to. But you know, I'm just be honest. I mean, that's just the way the world feels. There's many people die. You know, they're not the biggest people. But somebody looks pretty good, dies, an early premature death. Oh, what is Shane? Well, what kind of crap is that? I certainly people want to be loved too. That's wrong with a little bit of that. I'll be loved. I just want to be loved. That's right. This Harvey Firestein would say. She just wants to be loved. As Duff would say, you're fair. She just wants to be whatever she is. Ah. You're a busy professional man with your eye on the corner office. You've got it all. Nice car. Nice house. Plenty of money. You've got a great marriage to a beautiful life. Yet there's still something missing. You never got to meet your wife's father. Well, now you can. Microsoft introduces the father-in-law bond. On life's size, Windows face fully functional and autonomously correct mail. That simulates all in law duties. Your customized father-in-law bond will arrive via FedExcrownship in 46 weeks. Completely ready to go. Hey, Bob? Don't call me Bob. I am not your father. I was just trying to be nice. You are such a fancy, quite don't you, pro-a-pair. Well, well, why don't you like me? Because you don't make enough money to set the work night to other and you are ugly. I'm like, what is that doing? They weren't loved. She doesn't love you. No one loves you. Here's Dave. Oh, sir, I have. The father-in-law bond owner. My wife's father died before we got married. And we wanted somebody around for the kids. Take a boy. We got more than we bargained for. Dave is a domain. No, I'm not. Domest. Hey! Domest. Whenever you say pop, the father-in-law bond from Microsoft will make you feel just as horrible as it's your wife's father when really alive. When are you going to give me grandchildren? Well, well, we're working on it. You are useless, he's a friend. Is it a fair eye, I think they've been very busy. Are you told my daughter not to marry you? But we're very happy. You are a fancy waste. you are a panty waste. panty waste? Just don't forget how to put my sight. Whatever you say pop. Dingleberry. The father and law bought from Microsoft. Just as lousy as a real father and law. Don't find me another title or knife or a date or I will strangle you with it. Whatever you say pop. Okay, 1245 of a QM. 272 votes on our second pool. How do you like that, Chris? Yeah, we're going here in a thousand today. Okay, I'm going to ask you a question. What do you think about this? Well, I was on vacation last week. We worked with the Chris or Josh. Oh, Josh. Chris? Chris? How do you do? You know, it was all right. All right. Very well said. You see 272. What do we have on the first pool of 1,000, 11, and what do we have? I got it here somewhere in my pile. Well, why don't you throw it to his irritable bowel? Oh, then you see how this all ties in the irritable. You started to show what that's three about the woman who was shoplifting and came coral and she blamed her irritable bowel because she couldn't stand on line. Was that today we yesterday? That was yesterday. That was yesterday. Maybe four something like that. I don't know. Yeah, six, six months ago. Um, probably. What's the one or everybody likes to go into the 2021 and 272 is 1273 vote? See, that's the way you look at it. Chris, you're not understanding. Oh, I just had to give you a hard time. Thanks. You're welcome. Okay. You won't laugh at my will, by the way. 1293. What was it to get addressed? 1293. I'm already addressed. I got my closed on. I got my pants on my shirt. Well, not not tucked in yet though. It's still hanging out. And the shirt, too. That would not be good going into woodbind without hanging out. Or the shirt. So we got 1293. So we got 1300 votes all together. Pretty pretty damn here. In fact, I'm actually about to click it again. We need 700 more. Are set seven more? 1272, 76. See what I'm saying? You don't queue. Just don't care. No. The audience cares. I'm actually got people like I told you before who keeps score. They got the old baseball scorebook out every single day. Like this one here, you'll see QAM. See I told you. WQAM, hello. QAM. WQAM. WQAM, hello. Not there. Okay. Well, we had three in the world. That's good. 560, 560. 560 in the Verizon singular. Wireless line. You got to admit though. We had a few winners in there today. Oh yeah. I came and remember what they were. But we had some sins. The hardest guy. What he talking about. The hardest guy was one for ages. Oh, no. Yeah. See, he's what's wrong with the sport. He's what's wrong with horse racing through a bread. Hardness racing old coders on death stone. Codgers. That's right old codgers. The average age in the economy. A clubhouse is death plus 10. That's the problem. WQAM, hello. I knew. WQAM, hello. Niel. And then not show. What happened with Mr. Homer men? I heard you a couple hours ago. What happened? He went. He's been trying to get I'm inspired for three years. They've been feuding. And then I'm as blurred without the thing about the NAPE at the hose. And people try to make it a big issue out of it. And overman went to MSNBC management. And again, demanded that they fire I'm as they said. Oh, okay. What do you say? I don't. You don't want. Probably my. I don't. Maybe I don't. I don't. I don't. I mean, you're in here. If I'm reading your right now. If you're in I'm just going on here. I don't know that you ought to be a terminated either. Dr. Sam. I'm as should have been terminated 15 years ago for being dead. But not for like a year. So did you hear what I just said? Are you listening anything I'm saying? Or you have an conversation with yourself? What, sir? Boy, there's nothing I love more than when people ask you a question. You try to answer it. You know, I have like a verbal intercourse. And it exchange and a conversation and they start like, well, my my my my. So anxious to you know to kiss up man to kiss up in a new year. Well, I'm agreeing with what you say. I don't care whether you agree. I want to have a conversation. You don't need to kiss my ass. Okay. That's not interesting. It's boring. It's monotonous. It's embarrassing. It's degrading. It's humiliating. But have a wonderful day, sir. WQAM. Hello. The napy had a Joey Reynolds. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hey, so my what's the deal with the night goldburg in his only bush looking? I mean, he's a liberal. He wasn't liberal. Oh, yeah. He's a born again right wing Nazis. What do you see? He's a Jewish Nazi. He's like a Jewish. He's like a different whole speel. Yeah. This forget about him. That's my best advice to him. Okay. And to you. Forget about him. WQAM. Hello. Hey. How's it going? Okay. It's going great, Pally. Um, I just don't, I don't really understand. Oh, like why I said you defense for high-mus because he really is a racist. Yeah. So, Dr. Peggy, did there's a good fire? I mean, I heard he was harassing people that he was working with. I'm like, even the working fireman. I mean, I really don't care about what he said on the radio. But I don't know about harassing people at work. He didn't get fired. He didn't get fired for harassing anybody. He got fired for calling the George for the call. Um, Rutgers, uh, bad women's basketball team. Much unhappy at it. He had fired for anything else. The key is the old woman thing. He was talking about how he, he would work with ironists and then he would say raise this stuff about like hello employees and stuff like that and like nobody could really talk to him and he actually. So, let me ask you this. And do you live in some kind of a cocoon or what? Do you know anybody who said that was a bad choice or worth? Do you know anybody who says racist things behind people's backs? I don't know anybody who doesn't. Yeah, I know, but I don't think you should, I mean, I have to job. I mean, come on. Yeah, so what's your point? Uh, I don't, I don't, I don't. I don't either. Okay. Five, six, seven, oh five. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. See, there's another guy sticking up for Keith Olderman. Okay. Keith is off my list. I don't care. I'm not in the guys. They're running out. He's been trying to get the guy fired for three freaking years. Here comes an opportunity. I'm going to credit for that. He didn't miss out. Baby, he went in there swung the bat, hit a home run. And screw him as what I would say. Go back to sports center. Go back to being a sports nerd because that's about your level. Okay. Really ashamed to be finally get somebody that gets on your insistent. Then he pulls us stuff like that. I mean, you couldn't imagine anybody behind the scenes off the years saying anything racist or like offensive or stuff like that. No, the ordinary gets a lot of money. WQAM Hello. Yes sir. Is Albuquerque in America? Is what? Albuquerque. Yeah. WQAM Hello. See, I love the enthusiasm that he does it with because it shows you just how crazy he really is. And then it never gets on anyway. 560560. 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line. I think we ought to just keep the hits on coming. WQAM Hello. Look at the nice pick. The Mimes dog. WQAM Hello. Albuquerque. Okay. You know that way you sense pretty and dumb and dirty. I'd like to apologize and dirt everywhere. Should be dumb or dangerous. Oh. WQAM Hello. Why is George okay? WQAM Hello. Hello. Yeah. I love you. Yeah. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. Do you think about diamonds that I consider? Are we going back to I'mus again? Well, you know what's crazy. He's going to. Yeah. It's crazy that you're talking about it is what's crazy. All right. Well, let's talk about wood vine today. Are you going to go plunge? You know, if you look up the expression lifeless A holes. Yeah. You'll see your picture is soft for them. I think the college for them is down here. You'll see a picture of it. You'll see a photo. Lifeless A holes. I have no life. WQAM Hello. It's there. Oh, that was really weird. Very weird. Maybe that was the pop of the guy I think. I think he was driving an uninde mine the fifth race tonight. WQAM Hello. It's going to make it to some or capital of harness racing having a sloth back and how Allen J. Finkelson would be so proud to see that. I got news for your pal. Allen J. Finkelson was a friend of mine. You ain't no Allen J. Finkelson. Okay. Schmuck. You old koot. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. I knew. Yes. Neil, pop of the know if you're going to drive or jazz dancer. This is Reverend Jones. No kidding. WQAM Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay. This is the maintenance man, Wessland Mall. J. Spani. No, yeah. Keep doing the limbo rocks. We'd heard. In fact, what they talking about this morning on the Kenny and Bo show he was talking about taking the little kids in there in the public team rooms and about how people keep taking the sliding locks off the doors. And I kept thinking of myself he must hang around at Westland Mall and High Alia Laude. Kenny and Bo. Maybe they're looking for an audience there. Guess what? What? Have them found it yet. WQAM Hello. Hello. I can't believe the youthless mentality of a guy that called him to your show. Yeah. I mean, they are just, they need to get a life. Have a nice day, Neil. Okay. Thank you so much. Thanks for your tremendous contribution, too, Bob. Well, there's Taylor Reesh Shapiro games. Irish Jewish can make up his mind what he is. He's just not there. They said that half the time he would just sit there. Kind of a voice as down. And they're in the class and then whenever somebody would address them, you may be looking up. Does any sound like a munchkin? Yeah. Taylor Reesh Shapiro is covering the shootings for the student. He looks like a merchant. He said that Joe was a ghost so apparitional. He was a ghost. I definitely believe in today and more people are calling home. Well, he sounds like a jockey who's got that kind of. You ever know how jockey's all talking. You probably haven't got anything to do with any attention. But they all have a top like munchkin. That's how Taylor Reesh Shapiro shorts sounds to me. Like a jockey or a jockey. Something like that. And this is that with this business is jockey radio. Something. Something along in line. Yeah, if you people want to talk about I'm a scorer of the water cooler and talk about it amongst yourselves. Because I don't want to hear about I'm as no mole. And treat your bonus bat. Since fearless leader has won the tachy and I know you'll have to look for a motion square. Instead we listen to a neurologist's fair and a balance went to two hours. I'm a six-sum ball ring. Looks better than a live radio show every morning on TV. Well, just about anything. But that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teaning up with radio-drop original bad boy. Who now looks like a nasty old lady. Listen, Bernie, I'm a cell-eyed internist, copy, star-fac. Yes, every morning. See, I miss listening to a tape above their people's carony bits. I, bomb the air. I did a hammer to bite into this muck. I just want to get back to my friend blade. See, his why he'll be behind the scenes at it. I also made a giant, I'm an annual, always cook hook at you. And I get me some fresh pop here, you're fire. I miss, he's irreverent. So, once they're able to pull. That's how it goes. What's the deal with his water game, please? This is incoherent. I'll tell you why that's a double in the prison. But what does it mean? I don't know. Rehears. I miss them, you fool. And he's only on MSNBC. A cable channel, nobody watches. And a bunch of AM radio stations. Nobody listens to. And then somebody gets some fresh jingles. It's irons. Oh, yeah. He used to be on. It's like I said, now another word about him until I'm through a rackulating. What? Okay. I listen to some of these people. I know what they remind me of. They remind me of little. Infants. Little kids in the sandbox. So typical in America, man. Grow up already. Is it possible to grow up? No, no, thanks. That's why we got all these mouth breathing idiots. They can't grow up. Oh, he was racist. Oh, yes, what? So who cares? Who cares a crap? I don't know anybody who isn't erasers. Do you? I hate jitsies. There you go. Everybody's got something. Okay. He was erasers. So big deal. Everybody's got something. Whoa, it's hard to get on. I don't want to get on. You know, you're going to go to a friend somebody. You people haven't got a freaking clue. That's why this government, these Nazis can come along until we take away every freedom that you ever had except of course that one. And nobody's going to make a peep. Even a little bow peep they're going to say. We're going to be mum. Oh, he was erasers. Wow. Who gives a crap? Like Al Sharpen's not erasers. And Jesse Jackson's not erasers. The Lewis Burr comes out erasers. And all these right wing bastards attacking all the Muslims aren't racist. Everybody's a racist. Don't kid us under the rea and one way or another. Everybody's got their thumb. Go and behind the scenes you would say on this. Pooh, who cares? See, nobody will enjoy Keith over me more than I did. That's past tense, did. He's off my list now. And you can try to give me a saw dance. Nobody's going to come to your house and stop you from watching him, at least not yet. Go ahead, have a good time. But I've been in this business for 150 years. Okay, and when I see people who run on the run, and if this was the first time, when a guy called yesterday, that really sealed it for me. I'd already made up my mind, but that like, like they used to put that ceiling like some crap, you know? Remember our founding fathers used to see me waxed on crap. Must have been a mess. But that didn't for me. Because when I see somebody that comes into a place, there's a lot of time trying to get to tell me, oh, it's fired. To me, that's a bad seed, baby. That's a bad poison. So you're in trouble, you're pretending whatever you want. I don't care. I'm a should have been fired a long time ago because he was pathetic. But you know something? The fact of the matter is he still had enough audience. He still had enough ratings. They was making the fan money. Big money. Big money. He showed was the anchor, and you know what to format is the rest of the day. Don't show him the fan. Sports. That's it. Don't whisper now. They're going to come and get you ready? He was a loner and a whisperer like George. He's not a loner. He's a whispering. He was never alone and I'd like to be everyone. He would like to be alone. He wants to be like Red at Garboy. He was a monologue. He was a red at Garboy. Who said that? I want to be alone. She never actually did say that. Whoever was, they didn't say it. Somebody Q, Q, A, M, L, O. Hey Neil, how's it going? OK. Hey, I was wondering if anybody brought up the fact that we have the same equivalent massacre going on just about every 25 days in a rack right now. Yeah, we have. Yes, huh? It's over a lot of other people. OK. I'm more aware of that. The media of course is not well aware of that. The media doesn't want to talk about that because it's bad for business. And because they don't want to lose their license and get fine and have all kind of pressures by the government and the FCC come down on their ass. That's why because the media have been bought out. They sold out. Went and down just sell out and they did. It's partly end of America as you knew it. W2AM, hello. Yeah. 560560 and Pound 560, the Verizon singular wireless line. WQAM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. WQAM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes? Hi. Hi. On. Earlier, earlier in the show, you were talking about a 240-pound middle line backer from which you saw state. He's on the middle 10 of C state. You stupid dummy. Yeah. WQAM, hello. I don't like the way we. WQAM, hello. Neil. Yes. Yeah. I can't believe you saw crash was a good movie. What a terrible movie that was. Yeah. Hey. I put all the trouble rumors. Yeah, they're all sitting around having a party, yeah. Losers party. I can tell if a Korean is on the daith. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. On a WXEL, they have a in-depth. On what? WXEL. Yeah. Public. He, I know what it is. Public TV. They had a report on Iran on how the war started and ran and is running. It was so sad. I almost cried. I cannot hear you. Were there a war with Iran? No, a rock. I'm sorry. Oh. You thought it was bad. We see this special on how unorganized and how everybody is pointing the other direction. And it's just you look at these poor soldiers stuck over there in this situation. The blunder that you think it is is only the beginning of what I've seen on this report. Yeah. So anyway, I'm just saying, I think you'll be interested to see it. It's just unbelievable. To be pressing man, to be pressing. To many dead people for no reason. What's really depressing is American public sits back. What about end of the coast body? What about dance? It was a star. Like that. Like a bunch of screaming memes. Okay. That's what America is. A bunch of screaming memes. I mean, what things are talking about ginger Rogers? What about Mimi Rogers? They all got a little bit of a neo-roggies. What about Mimi Rogers? Okay. She was a screaming meme. What does this guy want me to do about? Why is this guy telling me this stuff? I don't know what's going on. I don't know much about bloodshed in this slaughterhouse. What did I tell you the beginning? The first day they invaded over there. What I'd tell you is about about M.O.Anyway. And O.I.L. I remember sitting in this chair and my fat ass. Screaming and yelling and carrying on. I'm going to as well have been farting into a windstorm. And it would tornado. Okay. It would jog in a hurricane. Into the red river valley. She had been 25 votes on her second pool, by the way. So how's that? What's that total now? 13. 14. 14. 14. Six. What happened in 13. 46. If you knew your crap, you'd be telling me right now. Well, I don't. Why do you better check it out? You better Google it. Yeah. You better Wikipedia. W.T.Q.A.M. Hello. W.T.Q.A.M. Hello. I'm at this gate out of this county. All people hate me. Like the Irish. Yeah. To do. Yeah. And I was in. That was this contribution to God with you guys. They're all out there to do that. That's because I was gone for a week. Wow. It was me like crazy. They sure did. Oh, and I missed them. Like, uh, tumor. Put the W.T.Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. I heard you talking about that. Did earlier. And I was wondering if you had to need for cell. I could pay towards and look at that. Ah, ha ha. W.T.Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, me. How you doing? Hey, sir. Hey, Neil. How was wondering now that he's real old. Do you still have the bedroom or you know, blow up though? Yeah. W.T.Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, um, I don't know if this is a service in the interest button. Uh, the way any purpose that I buy the way sir. I loaded to any Pope for the week. Yes, sir. Go ahead. Uh, the dead Kennedy's lead singer, jail of the app is going to come down to Miami and do a spoken word, uh, a little thing there on May 10. Yeah. I don't know if anybody on your show or working staff, for instance, through that button. Yeah, he's pretty interesting guy. Okay. Thanks. Nobody cares. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 3, 120, votes on the poll on a second poll about the foods that they tend to not the, and how many, how stupid people are for going on with it. And that's because most people are sheep. Well, we were raised in the Jewish faith. We were raised in the Catholic faith with a bunch of, uh, rosary beads and the crap on the forehead and, uh, smoke and mirrors and all the other, and wait for his in, uh, wine. Wait for his in wine. That's what I'd say. Just just ignore it all. Okay. Just forget about it. Pretend it's not happening. Otherwise you'll never survive. WQAN, hello. Hello. Hello. WQAN, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Um, on the New York side of the fall, is great facility in restaurant, uh, called for two days. Did you ever get there? No. I don't go on the New York side of the fall, is ever. I know. I mean, why bother? There's also, uh, fantastic, uh, family run bakery. It's been there for over 100 years, called decommelos. Uh, yeah. On the New York side of the fall, so what did I just get to say? I never go on the New York side of the fall. Wow. I know who would ever want to go there. You can see the blight from the Canadian side. Uh, that's right. That's correct. Where will be safe? Exactly. Good on you. WQAN, hello. WQAN, hello. Hello. WQAN, hello. WQAN, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'll hear it's why the media is and talking about the control demolition that brought down the war church, isn't it? Why do you think? Because the governor rules the media. There we go. Now you got it. Very clever. So let's hear it. This guy's really catching on. He's a little bit slow, but he finally's catching up. What a pretty school. Don't start whispering again. It's bad. And don't be alone or in start whispering. They're going to be in the WSW. That's going to be the next thing. They'll know you're a terrorist. If you whisper, if you go through the airports, man, and you start whispering to your friends, like, you can't think that somebody smells real bad in first class. Or anything like that. They're going to come in drag you ass away. Especially if you're like South Korean. First of all, if you're South Korean, what are you doing on the first place? Didn't we fight a war about that Korean war war, to really well-done then? Yeah, they all did, didn't they? Yeah. They all worked out really well. Just like the war in Vietnam worked out really well. Just like the one in Iraq is working really really well. I'll tell you the British and that folk when I was in the last Malvinas. That one was enough to be a but now they're starting up again. Now that Prince William broke up with his girlfriend, God willing, those were kind of crap. It's going to come back. I'll go now. I'll go now. I'll go now. I'll go now. I'll go now. I'll go now. I'll go now. I'll go now. I'll go now. I'll go now. I'll go now. You miss all those hours. Man is a kid watching the free's doggies. And now, as an adult, you are, for their juvenile slapstick addicts. Well, all are. You, from Chef Records, it's the silence of the students. Sounds of a business of 16 years. And this is a 16-bexet containing more than 1500 grind cuts of their classic eggs. You'll get the I-Poke. My hammer over the head. The pliers on the nose routine. And of course, the ever-bitter 3-and-srak. That's it. If you order it the next 30 minutes, you'll get this never-before-heard musical solo effort by Kerley, dating all the way back to 1967. I'll see you in the sky. Wait, 9 minutes. No. Oh, oh. So, if you want to relive perhaps, well, lowest moments in the history of low-ground comedy, why not order sounds of a student today? And soon, you will say... I'll tell you that. Or you may even say... Oh, don't, don't, don't. That. 1-18 and 5-60, every QM happy Wednesday, too. It's with Bin Wednesday. So, you want to destroy it? I'm going to want to unplug your woodmine in an 80-ah! Ah! Hey, don't forget to get dressed. I'm all dressed. I got my true John, my pantaloonies. I got my true John. It's all... What about you, then? I'm going to take your two. I'm taking my two. It's not that cold. It's not that cold. You like a little weather report. By starting tomorrow, it's going to be a starting-get-tosty man. Actually, you might see the sun tomorrow for the first time in a while. Hmm. Although, on a hamster day, man, it was beautiful. Good. Last three days was like 73-75. There's a beautiful thing. I saw a lot of beautiful things. It's 46 right now. It's going to be 48 today. And the sun made like peek out a little bit. Oh, who's that picture for the red socks? He's not South Korean, is he? Chris? Uh, I don't know where it's from. Yeah, it's from. He's an Asian guy. Yeah. Well, who'd held his, oh, it's against the blue jays. Well, the blue jays. Pick their ass. I do believe at least I hope so. Because you know me, I'm a real tomato. Oh, that's a two-y. Is that what his name is? That just made that up. Is that his name? No, I believe it. Two-right. How do we do another play? I'll have a lost again. Well, there he is. They're suki Matsuzaka. See, I've never read. It's that right. Dice cake. What is it? Dice cake. Dice cake. And you guys, K? Yeah. Yeah. 56 tomorrow. 66 on Friday and 68 with sun on Saturday. Oh, it's just beauties. What's not the light? 348 votes on our second poll today. Oh, god, I miss his erases. You know, seriously, I listen to some of you people. I wonder if you've ever been out of the house. If you ever had that feeling about people a lot of times, some of these older European all the time would bind. I think to myself, I'm trying to understand in my mind why they're behaving so rude and obnoxious and ignorant and whether so loud and screaming in your ear and pushing you and all the other stuff and ask myself, maybe these people just aren't letting the house very often. Stuff like that. Fuck this series Thursday in Ottawa, Rangers, Conox and Minnesota, also winners last night. There you go. A little hockey report for you. Penguins took it up the nose from Ottawa. 380 for that's such folksman, by the way. 348 votes when we're religious. Why do I keep reading it that way? I don't know. Well, because religion, we're just not compatible. I'm allergic. When religion instructs you to eat certain foods on certain days or for vigilante, then it all that is crazy. I submit 120. That is absolutely correct. I can't eat pork. It's true. If I can't have a ham and cheese sandwich, it's true. If I can't have a salami and Swiss, who now doesn't like a salami and Swiss on rye, even the most verb, viscina Jews out there, you tell me, you know, ex salami and Swiss on rye, I'll tell you a full of it. Am I right? Oh yeah, I'll take one now. Yeah, I'm stubborn. I believe in crazy bastards. An idea full of people came up with not God 102. Something I have no part of 78. A law you better comply with your burn and hell 16. Now we're talking. Now we're getting to the meat of the matter. You better not be eaten, no trough, or be eaten any of that macaroni and cheese on a wrong day at the wrong time. Seriously, there are how many people, 766, 766, or are there too many, far too many on the planet, crawling around. Remember by analogy that I made about an an antheal. That's the earth. That's the earth. Ance on an antheal. Allow you better comply with your burn and hell 16. Assign to my obedience to God 12. Hard for me to obey 10. Something I or religious person violate all the time five. We're turning your ass in, how do you like that? We're going to trace those votes on there. We're going to find your IP address and we're going to turn your ass into the Lord. Then you're going to be in deep crap. Something I do because I'm weak free and so unfair. I'm missing out on some good eats three. Out of 350. And you had a thousand and what was it? 102 one. And 350. I don't know. I just made that first one up. I'll have to double check it. 13 71. We're going to go over 1400 total a day. Chris. We'll do it. Then you're not impressed because you say, well, that's combining two different polls. That doesn't really count. Well, whatever I say counts counts. You know what? That's why they call it the New Roger show. They call it. They call it the Chris mendrich show. They don't even call it the George Rodriguez show. All they will when I hang it up. And 10. Yeah. They'll call it. Somebody was asking me that the other day. What's going to happen to George? I think it was your close friend Brandon on the I am. Yeah. I think he asked me that last night. What's going to happen to George when you hang it up? Thinking about getting a job in radio. And I said, probably go back to North Carolina or Montana or the Northwest somewhere. Yeah. Maybe you'd back in to radio. What do you want to say? I would think about that. But then every twice a month, I keep looking at that big fat paycheck. And I think to myself, well, I get I'm sitting here my underwares. And I don't have to be down there. If I was, if I had to be there, forget about it. I'd been long gone. One way or the other. Either dead in the box or just out of town. WQAM Hello. Where are you going? Back in. WQAM Hello. I know. WQAM Hello. I still don't have my power back from WOMO. And I believe him. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 32 people get slaughtered yesterday. Whatever the hell it was for junior tech. Muddy. Well, whatever I can't keep track of the days and tool for that Monday. Well, they were talking about it all day yesterday. It's only Wednesday. Thy name is talking about nappy headed hose. And in a cool, finally gets, we finally find out that it's the good guy, not the bad guy. It's not the Howard, Howard, Stewart, imitator guy. Who's the father? And what are these people talking about? Howard. Hi, Ron. WQAM Hello. What's your obsession with the hokey? So WQAM Hello. Hello. I'm going to be an highway. OK, sir. I just wanted to know, is you have any room up there in Canada because at the way I look at it. If you look at the shape of the state of Florida, it's like the penal area of the United States. Yeah. It's horrible. George, you have kids. Let me ask you a question. Do you believe that your kids should follow you or you should just go to more. Were you think is better and just uproot them and we look at what uproot them? Yeah, I'd love to take my kids out of this house. Yeah. That's what that's like. We need to call the responsible parents or get your kids out of that God for second toilet now. OK, if your little kid was falling out of toilet, would you let them fall down there? Would you reach in and pull them by the leg or they are and pull them out of there? And I think that's a sensational example right there. If I do say so myself and I'm going to let myself on the back of the leg because I can't reach my back. I think that's a magnificent idea. Take your kids uproot them and get them out of there before it's too late. Be coming up before they become fruity and eyes. Whatever that life means. I'll give you an example of what that means. QAM. I never know. Yeah, see? That's what it means. WQAM hello. No more fire super if the abortion's the rain. WQAM hello. 560. 560. I was too bad the normal partial. But the abortion. The good girl didn't get on. He was he was OK. 355. And that's secondary full man about the eating tray. Not eating halal. See, this is a big part of the problem. That's why I support these people transplant. That's one of the main reasons. You don't have no India people. You don't have no Asia people. You got too many of the same. I don't want to start saying Latino. You can't already bad the Georgia get offset. No you won't. The word is Latin as long as we're sticking English. We're not. Who said we speak in English? I don't know. Are we on the air in no or sweet water? The one we'll be speaking in English. And in Miami? No speaking in English. I.E. OK. Cut the crap. Need a little more variety. A little mix it up a little bit. OK. Remember that guy from the Reagan administration came on. I show on W.S. News a hundred years ago. Give me a sign of the answer. Well, we've decided Washington. That's out for us. It's going to be the dumping plate. This was off the air during the break. The dumping place for illegal aliens. That's what that's very nice. I thought that was Southern California. No, that year living in the past now. Distant past. You've been trying to pick on the Mexicans again. Is that the deal? No, I would never. See, racist. Racist. Poor he is a racist. He hates Mexicans and gypsies. He hates the British and the British and the French and the Dutch. Poor those Dutch. Oh my god. But the good part about hamsteredames is that there's all these tourists in there from all over the world. And some of the Dutch people are pretty pretty cooperative. Feel Rogers on 560 Q8M. She raised for criminal plows. But for a push-up on his phone and I. And she said me, holding clapping. And she raised for pizza and pizza and trout steak. And she said, I'm pretty so happy. Why does that say like so much? What's like he's carrying a bowl and bowl between a size and a size? But he tells me now. He's at the pizza for a. And that he's always surprised. He's with a Mexican pot. But for a push-up on his phone and I. He gave a short push and jet push. And that's the engine wheel. Wow, then push. He'll be rich in fat. And smell such nice, nice and soft. And a big fat. Why for a push-reethan will sign it for nine on a fan day week. But he's bailing out. I can't want 33 of QA. I'm mad. I'm coming up with two. And I said no more I miss, but I'm going to change my mind again. Well, no, I got a really good comb by. One of you are very favorite. Ted Rawl. Yes. Yes, he is. Ted Rawl, are you all? Why is this a printout? Quit printout. Other extra stuff. Use the first amendment, but not in public. Don't I miss on the triumph of economic McCarthyism. That's the headland of the article. The first amendment gives us the right to express our point of view. The first amendment protects every American's right to freedom of speech, Phil Sheridan, sports writer for the Philadelphia and Quyro-Trimden. It doesn't protect races, type-paying media jobs. Talk radio host down on emphasis April 4 reference to female numbers of the Rutgers University basketball team is net-beheaded host. Prompted calls for a vaccine by an ad hoc alliance of politically correct liberals and opportunistic conservatives. I'm a say political liberal headband on the rights hit list. As a result, the first amendment is a political liberal, headband on the rights hit list. As Josh Silver writing for the set of left-huffing in post summarized, let them ran in the streets argument, for those who feel that the firing of Amis has been in front of First Amendment free speech protections, consider this. Amis is still a free person. He can start a blog. Mel Gibson can still say whatever he wants to read a word to the York Times, so can down on Amis, or Schlimman and Quarter. That personal consequences may follow free speech, like losing your job or learning not to say vicious things, doesn't violate the constitution. In other words, your boss should be able to fire you if you say something he deems vicious criticizing the president's say. Did Amis have a legal right to his spot on drive time radio in New York? Obviously not. But that's not the point. The question is to the one point for a million people who tuned him in every morning have a right, a more ethical right is radio consumers to listen to him. Yes, they did and they do. As for Amis, if 30 years are producing high quality, high-rated radio shows doesn't seem the right to be on the air, what does? I must misdemeanor those. Racists are not. Don Amis is mix of over the top red, red comedy sketches and entogging long formative use of politico's can't and won't be replaced. Personally, financially, he'll be fine. He's richer than God and half as old, but lives in his long-point former new listeners will be a little poorer. Libbertarians spread the Mimi, accepted equally by levels and conservatives that censorship is by definition, and action that can only be undertaken by government officials. But the US government rarely senses. This is logically followed that the first amendment is safe and sound in our childhood open and free-wheeling marketplace of ideas. As anyone who consumes media is aware, the free market is a far from effective means of assuring widespread access to a wide diversity of expression. Left and right forces outside the narrow center, white mainstream range are un-welcome, and America is increasingly consolidated, bland, and corporate own newspapers radio and TV outlets. Economic censorship, silencing a person for his opinions or performances by rearing her more refusing the hyromas, the weapon of choice for the new McCarthyites. After CBS radio executives gave into the mob calling for images, as had media matters for America, founded by 90s, righty henchmen turned liberal watchdog, David Brock, issued a press release calling for more blood. It's time for news organization, journalist, other media figures to be examined in the tone of their broadcast, risk facing the same public outcry that forced NBC's hand-brot's group said, there are many host on talk radio and the cable networks who would be well advised to use this incident opportunity to examine their own behavior and change. Close your eyes, and you can almost see the Bush administration's folks in the area of flight shirts, writing that after 9-11, America's need Americans need to watch what they say and watch what they do. The TV program politically incorrect will build Marr, the target of what house is bullying, was dropped by ABC shortly thereafter. Marr later landed in New Show, unlike PI, there is only on the premium cable channel HBO, denying him access to most of his former viewers. After right-wing put it and quarter called jotted with a Faggot in the speech, media matters partnered with a gay rights group, pre-men rights coalition to promote a cut-and-paste email campaign, urging newspaper editors to represent a cap of column. The ill-conceived and possibly illegal scheme encouraged people to pretend that they were local readers of the relevant publications, at least nine papers agree the censored coder. Now liberal puns, like the New York Times Bob Herbert, are using the Amistach done as a staging ground for a PMRC style attack on popular music and the right-wing counterparts. The people who fought back against the racism and misogyny of the Amistach in the morning program need to keep the momentum going to his Herbert, keep the pressure on the companies that sponsor this rap music garbage. I'm a Snoop Dogg, Michael Savage, it doesn't matter where the bigot free is coming from, what's important is to find the integrity and the strength to see it for what it is, a loathsome assault-estowing disease, and then to respond accordingly. We hold the gospel of the economic sensors. The first amendment remains in full force for them at full pay scale, but scale back for those they don't like. Snoop Dogg and his fellow gangster man, first should be free to pedal their smart on CD, ours on Harlem side, waffs they say, but not that it is distributed in sold in stores, you know, were most people by music. Economic censorship pervert the axiom that the answer to bad free speech is more free speech into something simultaneously frightening in the adiatic. The answer to bad free speech, say, Mr. is broken her birdest in the eye, it's speakers of public forum. The blacklist epitomized the McCarthy era of the late 1940s and 50s, actors, directors, screenwriters, other Hollywood professionals were refused employment by the major studios through their alleged left wing sympathies real or imagined. There was government pressure but never government censorship, it was purely economic. When they tried to work outside the studio system, Hollywood blacklist these were mercilessly harassed, Paul Jericho writer and producer, because an incident about filming independently in 1950. The FBI swung into action, and we'll be in this reswung into action, we found ourselves barred from laboratories, barred from the sounds studios, barred from any of the normal facilities available to filmmakers. One star would come up for Mexico to star on the film, the Sora Reguelto's, was arrested and deported before we finished shooting her role. Writing in the Anne Rand oriented capitalism magazine in 2003, Michael Berlin made the same twisted argument today so-called progressives are making about innocent math music. The Hollywood blacklist epitom were done on employment by executives who were exercising the right to hire whom they wished, a fundamental right in a free society. The right to freedom of speech prohibits the government from interfering with the expression of ideas, and that means that an employer could not be forced to propagate ideas he's opposed to we said. Hippocrits all, the censors refuse to subject themselves to the same freedom hating standards they would impose on their enemies, they believe that they have the right both to their rancid fascist opinions and their highly paid jobs in the media writes your pal, Ted Rawl. Nice going, Ted. Hey, man, you go, pal. Although that business of 30 years of entertainment, yeah, it's any arc thing, you know, I mean, what do you mean? It's a Dan Rather Tom Brokaw thing, and Tim Russer, Pacy Face Irishman from Buffalo. Nevertheless, how many votes we got on the poll on our second poll today? 383, man, 383 in the trouble one is I think we got the 1400 beat. 1021, whatever it was, we got the 1404. Mark that down in your lympharist Chris. 1404, you got it? Yep. Third day back from vacation, I was said second day, and we're starting to turn that means that George must be working Friday, right? Yeah. Oh, right. Oh, right. And two men, we don't have a Marlon game. We can play the tape of the Marlon game tomorrow. Oh, right. 20 till 2 at QAM. Time to talk about my main man Anthony Kelly and I recently and more than ever he's been a lot of calls from his competitors clients who tell him personally that's taking way too long to close their loan. So if you're currently dealing with another mortgage company, he's giving you the right around and taking longer than ten days to get to the closing table. Then it's time to call the main man. There's nobody in the mortgage business so can close your loan faster, more officially and give you the VIP service you deserve when dealing with the largest transaction of your life. The main man will compete against any of his competitors rates personally guarantee that nobody is got a better team to get your loan close from start to finish. And no matter what your situation, good credit, bad credit, bankruptcies, whatever it is, there's almost no deal of a main man can't get done for you. So no waste another minute of your valuable time with the wrong mortgage company giving you the right around, give you the program and call the main man today, toll free it's 1-800-MAYN Man. That's 1-800-MAYN Man around line hits the main man.com. You go back to Canada, you do bastard. I've had some thrills in my life, two free bags in sight of knife, such books. I'm thrilled about my cars, two quarterbacks, and I'm hungry and I'm put the thrill of thrills that gave my throughout the cloud. What is the thrilling evening when I thrillingly found out? Oye, Louis McGell is uncertain size, can you believe that? Say good evening, it's such a pilot craft with a little flap. Gary Bruce once was but couldn't retrieve it. We had such little hope, which just an electron microscope. Just the cave won't show it and true Michael's is all too willing. Randy's Jim once did, but then it wasn't too fulfilling. Marvin's uncertain size, but can't believe it. George smiles all the while, despite the smell and some matter of taste. The whole world's uncertain size since I fell for Louis McGell is the un-the-carb-foot-pult. Since I fell for Louis McGell. We guess something that's what we need to do to reinvigorate this radio station. Sir, play a lot of Louis McGell again, you know? All right, remember those days, you were the one who asked you when in Tampa, those simultaneous days. Baby, those were the days. Oh, I thought they were. Somebody once told me that. Look, we got an even 400, that's 14, 21, baby. What a wonderful year that was, how much a Christopher Columbus was thinking about making a big sale. Probably wasn't born yet, but nevertheless, you think? I don't know. He was Jewish too, Christopher Columbus. In fact, that was the original song, the whole world is Jewish. I wish till I had that. Often ancient album when you were the whole world is Jewish. And you know, who was on that Frank Gallo, who used to be the host here at a real deep voice of lights out, Monday night, so much a chicken, I can remember that show, lights on, very scary show. But nevertheless, that's when we hit live TV. That's when TV was worth watching. And you know, the amazing part of it is that only like two or three networks back then. I think that even is pre-ABC. We had NBC CBS, I think Duma was on, you know, I'm talking 100 years ago. I think it might be climbing a show as known as last year and a half, whatever, it's going to be your next couple months, whenever I decided to say goodbye. I think we have a little higher history lesson for all you young, whippers, snappers. You remember that bit we got that drop and where Henry burrows his, I've tasted your wipper. Remember Jack to wipper? What was that? What? That dial tone. I don't have one. You didn't hear that? Nope. I heard it. Nope. That's all you. Get out of here. How are you starting with that guy? Yeah, I wouldn't gaslighten you. No, brother, I must have been somebody's cell phone. Was it your cell phone? Maybe it was my blackberry. Oh, it was my blackberry. I'm calling. I don't want to call anybody. Kind of stupid crap is that. Get out of here. And I was calling again. I don't want to call anybody, okay? Stop sitting on it. Yeah, it was an accident. Let me hang up on this thing. I'm not trying to call anybody. It's your close personal friend, too, by the way. Maybe I can put you on here with him and you two, you can talk behind my back. Why? Why? And call. Good. Now, give me out of this thing. God, I hate that. See, you know what happens when you have a poison barrier like this? Maybe I guess when you have a cell phone and you have numbers stored like that? And if you leave, if you leave, if you don't delete the numbers in the box, and you actually accidentally push up again and you're stuck in your pocket. Like I carry in my shirt pocket. And you hit up again something. And it like press the thing, it'll fire off a phone call. Well, that's not good. Now, where you don't want to speak to somebody. So what is it that you want to say to him behind my back? You're a fat fag. Okay. Well, he knows that. 407 votes on the second part of our poll today. Two-fart, a reporter man. Oh, don't tell Joyce. Two-farter. 560. This is the okay today. I would say, you know, on a scale of five, I've been about a minus 5,000. I give me about a plus, you know, four billion and an audience about a minus infinity. But then what's new about that? There were a couple of calls. I know you're right. The guy from about the harness racing. He was really good. Oh, no, no, no, no. You named me anybody who raised me doing it tomorrow. Oh, my God. You old cockers out there. These are the guys that hang around down at the rail like Lester Greenshire. Now that he's dead, can only hope. WQAN Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. The side of the road. So, in the pink state, the manals all over the place of instance. Yeah, who cares? WQAN Hello. Yes. WQAN Hello. I kind of have a phony action. This is how long you've been working on this phony action? How long you've been working on the phony action, I said? Yeah, okay. WQAN Hello. WQAN Hello. WQAN Hello. My accent is a bitch. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Come on, even though we only got like 10 minutes, which means we only got six, which means we only got five, less to, we got about three minutes. Not that I'm counting you understand. I never do that like a countdown. I got anxious to get there a lot of here. Even though I do have my choose on and my appendolunies and my very nice shirt. I got my shirt and my shoes and my appendolunies. And I got my blackberry and my poisonberry and ready to go. Made it go find me a good machine. I'm a lot of practice though, you know. Don't go broke. Hey, I just got my 10. It doesn't go through. He goes, load it. Let me say it again. I can pass me a fun check from the IRS yesterday. See, got an anchor like 20 minutes to. How much it was? I'm not going to tell you how much it was. I know how much it was. I don't know how much it was. How do you know that? I saw this here when you told George. All right. Now, you still cleaning the pew off the board. Exactly. So you think I'm going to clean out a wood binded aim Mr. You think I'm going to have a rough day? This is what you call a stress free day man. That is your other hour to play. Stress free. What? That will give you another hour to play. Negative. He's very negative. You know, Josh did such a great job. I needed a little bit of a deleted yesterday. We had a guy. I remember when people were stealing Josh's profile page for whatever was wrong. I think you're in what? And I found another one in there. Steve, somebody phony Steve and it was like Josh's picture and I deleted them. There was no real profile. How is the Sir me instead into him by the way? Hmm. Now, if I'm smart, I will not communicate with that person in my right. Right. Smart. If you're smart. Let me ask you. My smart. No. Sir, he's in South Africa. He's a long ways away. In fact, that was going to be my next vacation. I think in Johannesburg. That was a my itinerary. I said he wanted to travel a long way to find that one. Here's a fact from from my John. He says, that's been a week last week and Toronto. I see why you live there. We loved it. We took a group of high school choir students who sang at the Metropolitan United Church on Church Street. Church Street. Gay. The church was very cool. On the front cover of their bulletin say, except any race, create the creed and sexual orientation of their church. They would burn a church down in the west for even printing that. Well, I think they're right to news to you, John, but they do have metropolitan community churches and most large cities all across the west. But nevertheless. I mean, I agree with the essence of what he's saying. But he's seconded to Rific that 33 people died of Virginia Tech. But we've seen in the US and blivier to the fact that more than 125 people died in Iraq today because of the crap we've caused. And it's happening every day. It doesn't seem to be a big deal when it's other people on the other side of the world dying. Hippocrite says, John, to which I say, absolutely correct sir. And see on Church Street, John, you're fair or whatever. 410 of the places that are civilized and then there is the United States. Let's abuse some more prisoners. They let scream nice and loud. Oh, right. Get me some words and a fat, street pack. I don't care if they hear from my reaction to you. Use you to the torture because they're just playing their game. In the past, it had to be worse with the dumb who say. The police. We've been paired with one hope, more of you. By the feet that the bad guys that they get me, I'm one world where the blah blah blah. The two listeners and audiences will be excited to hear the new comma. Oh, come on. Come on. Come on. I'm a big, big, big, big. Well, it's so sports related which could be the situation. Oh, no, it's sports related all right. That's what makes it fun at all. Fun, fun, funny. Yeah, funny for us to giggle. Okay, here it is, gentlemen. Both of you out there. I can get this electronic device to work. I'm making sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth so I make some sounds with my mouth. We're going now. We're going now. We're going now. We're going. We're going. We're going. I want to first introduce you. Bye bye bye.