I'm the Lomboid for you for a cup. Hey, dude, it looks like Niels Minnetz I'm gonna die at Voodle again. I'm gonna die at Voodle again. I'm gonna die at Voodle again. I'm gonna die at Voodle again. Hey, did anything for you, Garland? Well, welcome back to the morning sickness group. I'm gonna die at Voodle again. I'm gonna die at Voodle again. We've done we talk about his boards and a rapid pace. I'm gonna die at Voodle again. We've done it all fours after here. Tcha! Hey, you think that's good? When I was at the track last night, the horse I bet on was so slow that Jockey kept at Diaries. Oh! Was that Carlin about the Gail it was raped in the hurry games locker room? Oh yeah, yeah. And thanks for making this studio a smell better, but okay, we got the three and comics on the line. Hey, let's drink. What are you doing, man? Hey, did you murder that woman say, well, they know about it not from down the way to the old track and the fear of demarclet, whether it whether it's a, the mocks, no. Okay. Let me tell you, if you ain't having those two beehons, I don't wanna get out of the man, if you sound about them. What did he say? Hey, let's listen to that, man. Two problem to put back the body sound, and move the cannon cam in there. Tell him that, who the abuse is for a guy, yeah, we're a loser, I'm in the next year. Hey, let's go knock out the dude, and get no matter how soon he won't turn the lift country. We do, we gotta turn what he does. We gotta be there, we gotta be there. A lot of times we won't, we put it in this room. We gotta be there, we gotta be there. He loves morning long. Thank you for your call. Okay, it's time for another funny interactive comedy bit. The boy. All right, hit a view, Goldie Horn. So, where Goldie? Yeah, that view, Goldie. So, Goldie, what you take on college at the leads who aspire to play Schmeer the queer? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think there's a good mood. I think there's a response to the queer. You got up against playing it. No, you got up against it. Yeah, you raise your chin. I take a burry to what you said about Grabsucker. How long? Sounds like a real ice queen if he asked me. Well, let's not get into that. Oh, love, we got the guy with the eyes, but it's a time today. Hi, you're Kenny. Oh, thank you. Thank you for your call. Ain't this more fun and put your balls off with a serrated scissors? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, thank you. Oh, thank you. Oh, thank you. Oh, thank you. Hey, happy Monday, two, it's 10 or three at five, 60, double your QA and Monday, L, uh, see, at the demo. See, how is your single demo? Do anything special on single demo? Just think it up a little bit. No, I did not. I did not. I did not. I did not. What about you, Chris? Anything special on L, single demo? Had some drinks, have some tacos, you know, go out and feed a few Mexicans. Good. Excellent job. So anyway, Clarence comes in this morning to bug the crap out of me and annoying. I'm going to know him as much as he can. Well, she doesn't have to do very much. All he's got to do is show his presence in that studio. And that annoys me enough. Hey, Clarence, screw off. And he says we're going to have more information on those great ratings with his time. Oh, yes, what? It looks like 10 or three to me. And I'm just thinking of a sound of my fax machine. He usually makes that yawning sound like, you know, like the industry where I'm more in show at the big loud yawning sound. And it's not doing it. Now, see, is he faxing directors? He brings new this information all this additional data. I need to know the hour and a half. And he says, if you don't get it 10 o'clock in this hour, you won't get it because of other clock I'm leaving to go before the firing squad. And I sure hope they have good aim, Clarence, because you're aiming to kill us. Wow. Here's quite a story to get started now for the week. Pastor Ronald Smartson, a appears in numerous court records, often a character witness for one of his flock at Union, missionary Baptist Church, near Newport, Richie, up the Erotopee, Newport, Richie. Now, Smart is a defendant. This is Pastor Ronald Smart charged with misdemeanor battalion of June 10th incident that reportedly occurred at Smart's Trinity home. We'd have to assume that was last June 10th, unless see, this is a psychic news story. A charging document filed in November, while I attended the wheels of justice, assured grind very slowly, don't they? States that Smart is accused of touching a 37-year-old man against his will. Smart 48 is filed a plea of not guilty in the case, which has not yet been said for trial. Like I said, the wheels are grinding, grab very slowly. And it nearly released complaint made the day after the alleged Vincent at the 37-year-old man, City fell asleep inside Smart's home after working at 12-hour shift, and then taking them all day, deep-sea fishing excursion with Smart and fellow church members. The man said he woke to find his pants and underwear pulled out of his knees. His shirt pulled up to his neck and Smart straggling him while kissing his chest. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Oh, that sounds a little good. I don't know, I could be wrong. In a handwritten statement, the man said he prayed for God to get him out of the situation. After I prayed that prayer, the doorbell rang and it was the kids from across the street coming to tell Ron that the cover on his convertible was done and it was raining. Thank God for making it rain the man wrote. Oh, thank the Lord. When Smart returned to the room, he was quoted as saying he took this too far according to the complaint. The complaint said he had not wanted to go to Smart's home, but the pastor was giving him a ride. Yeah, sounds like it. And insisted I needed to spend time with him. Afterwards, Smart drove the man home when he shouard and went to bed the authority text. And if it was the man said he decided to lodge a complaint with the sheriff's office that I stayed after discussing what happened with his wife and mother. And it taped in to be with the detective as the pastor said he took the man by the smart residence after the June 10th fishing trip, but nothing happened between him. Smart said he did we call the children coming over to Warren and bought his convertible top. When asked why the complaint had made the allegations, he said the victim asked him to co-sign for a car loan. Smart said he refused and the victim claimed he would make the allegations. Stewart and Smart said, turning Larry Hart said his client is entered a knock-duty plea and we're in the middle of investigating it. So it's a bit premature to outline the defense strategy. I guess he had a premature evaluation. lawyer Jeffrey Lucas who represents the 37-year-old man said he faces the client's identity will become public when he eventually found the lawsuit against Smart and the church. What happened to this guy is just a polling Lucas said, there's a loophole in the law. It would be sexual battery, but there being for no penetration. Or as to state attorney, Mary Hansel said she doesn't think a loophole exists. Hansel, I wonder what grittle thinks. Both individuals are adults, so I'm on a touch. You sure to penetration is simple battery, she said. As Sally Fitzgerald said about those simple batteries. She liked them. OK, let's take over that poll result from my Friday. Oh, my spouse, girlfriend or boyfriend, is we have 1659 votes, holy Toledo. My spouse, girlfriend or boyfriend is smoking hot 4774. I got nobody form today, teen. I ain't got nobody. Used to be hot, but not so much anymore. Not even maybe like Luke warm now. It best 294. Like tepid. Isn't tepid like a little bit below a lukewarm? I think it is just below it there. Just below lukewarm. Just OK, 150. I don't have that thing. Where you stay, OK, I got that now. OK, Julie, I got some OK. Thank you. Too fat, 139. Too a, also. Ever looking one, 31. An average like I said is just fine. There's nothing wrong with the average. I'll be a sin 31. That is not good. And too skinny, 22. Too fat, 139, too skinny, 22. You see that? That's working. If I had a white crisp, no ice cream, no sugar. What the, is it's Monday? Congratulations. No, no, no, no, how do you like that? Very good. How about the weekend? What do you mean by that? Sugar. I just got to go to that. I just get through saying I said no sugar or ice cream. Wow. What about the, I failed. I'm sorry. Because I was going to have no sugar this month too, but idiot. And Saturday morning, you would buy and I had a miracle, baby. Oh no, don't be talking about your gambling winnings on the earth. That's bad. That's very, that's incentive. But you know me, I'm sensitive to the game. That's right. OK, let's take a look at the poll today and then we'll have O.J. McDuffie come back on for a little encore. So where's parents with the rest of these numbers? I'm just posted today. I'll go out so you drink and see if I'm going as office. Oh, please. Six, seven, ninety, six votes. I bet you we got seven hundred, huh? What do you think? 702. I told you I knew it. I could smell it. Man, where's some little stuff stuff? Yeah, no. What's the best thing? It leaves given to the world. I like this poll because I love Italy. I mean, to me, Italy, if I had a billion dollars man, I'd buy it. I'd go there right now. I'd go to Roma and Manjama and Gimanga. And of course, great food is winning 255. That's what I voted. What did you vote? Great food. That's the answer. Feeding the early Christians to the Lions, ninety-one. The only problem is they stopped. That's the bad part. They'd kept on going. We'd all be a lot better off. Too many of those for our business going running around now. So here are Rennes 77. The Renaissance 58. The Mafia 50. Oh, yeah, without the Mafia, we'd have had no godfather. The Roman Empire 28. Awesome ancient ruins, 28. For meant there, I thought it said, awesome ancient nuns. I didn't know the ancient nuns were awesome. Probably in the sack they were though, with the other nuns. Sergio Leone is spaghetti westerns, 24. Oh, Michael Angeloy and his art, 24. Hey, Michael. You're fair, Angeloy. Galileo 23, who finally got in the poll, was a hundred years after he died. Better late than ever. Christopher Columbus, the Jewish Italian saver, ten. Jesus, nine. As in Jesus Christ. Have we had that discussion before, about whether it's cheese or cheese is, it's cheese unless it's more than one kind than it's cheese is. Just like what everything else, if it's a different way. The kind. It's always, I would think that they're like Holland is more famous for cheese than Italy. Well, maybe not. You got your mozzarella and your, Asciago. And I've always told you there's nothing better than a piece of Asciago cheese. Cheese is nine. A beautiful language. An eviter cheese seven. What's what's beautiful about an eviter cheese? Again, this is Charlie Bees poll. I'm sure he makes them all now. He's the poll guy. An eviter cheese. Find out for six. Right wing bastards like Mussolini and Burlisconi four. Pavrote 3. And Julius Caesar, Solomon Tadeauce. A to Brute de Ha, a to Brute. 14. Old Bean. He was a real brood, 750. But the votes are pouring in. We'll get a thousand of they. Chris is really satisfied with that. Aren't you? Oh yeah. Don't let me put words in your mouth. So what did you find out? Did you go in there and take a look to see if Clarence is a patch of water? Wait for the break. Come on. Leave it in the middle of the year. All right. See you. You could leave right now. I'm going to do the a break. We don't need you to do the spot. To do the break, you know? He said he thought we'll do this. We'll have, huh? He said he's gone. Gone gone gone. We'll have OGM, a toughy come in. He can do a live spot. Then we'll have Eric Reed come in and read one. Alex Marvez, I'll do one. And then we'll have Ira Windbag do two or three live spots. And then of course we'll have the regular guys, both camp rule do one and then Kenny will. Hey, I know what I'm doing. What do you think? Sounds good to me. Sounds like a plan. Maybe we're going to do an 85 minute spot break. Come it up next hour. So I'll see you in an hour and a half. And guess what? The good news is on Thursday. Oh wait a minute. Did that schedule have a mistake on it? My schedule said the game was at noon Thursday. Then we better double check that out. That's a current so many things to say. I have the Marlin schedule and it says the game is at noon, which means 1130. I've been talking about that and screaming about that for ages. And on the schedule it says Marlin's on deck at 1230 Thursday. The Marlin's on the deck at 105. Which makes more sense. Why would they play noon on Thursday, huh? I must have really stupid. Hello. Hello. We're going to the moment. We're going to the next red information at WQAM. The broadcast group in Corferated. Wow. Yeah. Anyway, we got o TesJung C הם. I'm better then when I was never experienced, But we made a detour on the way to heaven, you're fair and into this bathroom we did take a stroll. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. You fell like a sinner, and I showed up to get communion. But all my tongue that was in a way for it, and it wasn't one a drip in a kitchen. But my tongue was standing in his underwear, told me to be an over and save for air. Old up his room and went and played a human. Tagged on the list of by the creature man, being a veric, you're e-ring. Back to me. He was standing in his underwear, told me to be an over and save for air. Old up his room and went and played a human. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Back to me. Somebody has to give me something handy around you. You know it's always ankle-burned, so the girls you chose it got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got he went at when they came back to on the top there already got him to come back to him now we're just getting out we just got out out the Jordi cast got out of order on what we were going down there we all got got got out of order and we're gonna get some action ready to get out of order ready to get ourıy팅 round 100th. And may everything get hurt Now youimanaKI-Equarter有人 It's been shoots piece for a million It's always hand時 Undались95 Each and every mission Ciudad D fragrance If the town is back, keep the place run Every city has celebrate time Over the Nala I'm shooting you up. When it's out, I'm shooting you up. When it's out, I'm shooting you up. When it's out, I'm shooting you up. When it's out. Okay, 1033, 27 before the look. Look at that award when he's scheduled. It used to be a word. Ring boy the mad dog. Really took it up the old nose and this book. You know, and he really, wow. We got mad dog at 2 to 2 to 4. Power hour was hanking the mad dog together. Four to five. They had a big march to power hour. Maybe people found this covered that that's where they get their power. You think? I don't know. Thank you for my 5 to 6 30 to the humper and the thumber. Oh, and the day Johnson picked the winner, I guess the humper did two streets since in the derby and you know what, who cares? I didn't, did you watch it? No. No. Well, why not? What are you laughing about? Are you kidding me? The Kentucky Derby? You sound American in the name Mr. Maybe if I was in it or somebody I knew. If you were in it? Yeah. Like a jack-in. Oh, I'm a little enough. Like a little guy to one with tells his name. I can't think of his name. Calvin Burrell. He's 100 years old. Yeah. Well, that one. It was really something when he threw his teeth out. I thought I was cute. Marlon's on deck at 6 30, 7.05. The Marlon's and the Dodgers at the same. Did we ever find out about that game through this? It is a 12 o'clock game. And then we got game there with it again for the Marlon game. See, I know it. This clararist man. You want to go behind the firing squad. In fact, don't even waste your time. Just blow your brains out now and save them the trouble. The schedule is wrong and leave it to me. See? I'm going to have a breakdown right on the ear now. Oh, good. Roll tape. No, I'm serious. This is the program director. And you can get the time. All you got to do is go online like I did. The ages ago in front of the Marlon schedule. So I know when we had all those neat early days off, you know, like this Thursday at 11 30 in a morning. In my way. The schedule says Marlon's on deck at 12 30. Marlon's on deck is at 11 30 on Thursday. And the game is at noon. Don't ask me why. Because they're stupid, I guess. And they think that on the Thursday, people are going to take off from work and go see a stupid-ass ball game, which they're not. Businessman special. Yeah, businessman, my ass. Okay. Mr. Businessman. Let's get that. You got that by race. You've got that man. Then you're not going to do it. Huh? I'm going to check. You're really kicking an ancient style. If you got Mr. Businessman by race devens. I like that. It's kind of... It sucks. No. Oh, good. Okay. Now now we got... I got numbers that have been invented yet. Okay. And the ones that are my favorite are the ones that start with it. Oh. For example, in the month of March, the highly touted Kenny and Bowmourning show on WQAM. We had... they had... And I want to correct an earlier number I gave out. We said they had a point eight. That's incorrect. They had a point six. Not a point eight. Point six. I just... I don't want to like... And the month of January, we got a nail down the stage. We got, you know, a fallout of diaries. A lot of wire diaries across the street. But what these people don't understand is, on this show, we're not competing with a cross-to-street. We don't give a crap about them about that. The obnoxious New Yorker or anything else they put on here because we're not doing a sport show. We're competing with another obnoxious bald head of geek rush. And with scare America and with stations like that, who do talk radio? I know that's... you know, four in line with you around here. Give me the bog. Give me the bog. Give me that jackstab. Let me sniff it. You know, that's a world about it. Now, what do I want to give you? It sounds a headache. Oh, good. To us all. Oh, let me... Well, let me... Oh, God. In the morning between five and seven. Okay, I got the hourlies here. Five to six A and the big O's got a four point H here. And the mefos got a two four. He doubles you on instance. So three eight for the big O and a two four. At least he votes consistent with a two point four share a week. We... we... we... we talk about week. Woo! Our morning show at seven o'clock is got a two point two. That two two we keep past it around. Looks really lovely on Kenny. Eight to nine A and they got a one seven nine o'clock. They got a one point five share. Oh, my God. Hallelujah. Please give us some juice. Ten o'clock. We got a four four. That's after one five, which is no great number for us. At eleven o'clock, we got a five five. But then in noon a three five and a one a three five. And then a two o'clock. The mad dogs are a one point seven share. Oh my God. Can you believe that? I believe it. So so what else do you want to know? When we're signing off. And we're here these way to the hear the nighttime numbers on this station. This is a we had a lot of hockey hockey hockey hockey. How about those savers? How about those senators, huh? And he interest. No. Seven o'clock. We got a one four share and believe you meet that's far far in a way. And that's because most of the games haven't started by that time yet. That's following the six o'clock two two, which also is pretty weak. Eight o'clock. We got, oh all the numbers after seven o'clock start with a. Oh, and wait to me hear the eleven the midnight number. Okay. Now let me ask you. Do you remember when they put the SPN radio on the night starting a ten o'clock? Well, one was that abortion. Was it reminds of the book? Yeah, I think it was right now book. I think. Oh. It's your paid off big dividends either clock. We got a point eight nine o'clock. We got a point three ten o'clock. We got a point two and eleven o'clock eleven till midnight on WQAman. A fall in the winter book. We got a point. Oh. That's a point. Now if I ever went to told you that you'd look to me and say, hey old man, you must be getting out of your eyes. You got old timers disease. You must be a crazy per year. I was sitting here for a more conformant. Wow. How can an adult care fits eleven o'clock and how can we have a point. Oh. Huh? I don't know. That's scary. I don't know. And of course that's part of the bonus of taking any k off of their and putting on the SPN radio because it was really cheap. And you can always sell a lot of spots in there too when you got a point. Oh, I know that's not, you know, not going to sell a lot of spots at their clock tonight, but nonetheless, however, talk about an abortion baby. That is really, really. And you know, and these people are asking me, well, what do we do? What do we do? Just keep paying me. That's what we do. If I pay the is coming up one Tuesday. Pay the is Thursday and we also got eleven thirty-six and on Thursday. What's not to like, oh, yeah. Can you imagine how much I can lose on Thursday? I don't know. A lot. And let me take a little inside secret about my ingenuity there. And I'm going to say that every morning, machine I like to play weight on on the end. My dollar wheel of fortune. It was dead as a door nail. I'm playing one a couple of way and I'm doing okay. I'm up a couple hundred eight hundred nine hundred and then it's taken back. And I see a guy come to the one on the end and gives him a six hundred bucks on the line. And I said to myself, I said, self, that machine's going to be the jackpot. My sheen. Mine is going to start paying. And a couple of other people tried it and nothing. And I went over there and within five minutes, three grand on the line. I said, all right, they gave me the money and I ran. I mean, ran out that I raised up. Even that no business like Shobin and he had no excuses by the way in the dirt. But he was right there. He was in perfect position and he peaked his guts out in the stretch. Eight hundred and seventeen votes on the pool. Best thing at least given the world. All the others are second-rate grade food. Or David's a bitch. He's been brought to my internship at the rating's in giant. Oh yeah. Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass. And I was so yeah. And how? I don't think I can get my money. I'm going to get my piggy pants. But he needs me. I know James, I love a big cupboard bag. I'm trying to consider you a little bit of a bit of a counter-ed. And you want to know what I'll say if I'm shut that transmitted sound. Why? Why? That's easy. Oh, shoot. Oh, shoot. Oh, shoot. Oh, shoot. Oh. Oh, shoot. Oh, shoot, shoot. Oh, shoot. Oh, shoot. Oh, shoot. Shoot. Oh, shoot. Oh, shoot. Oh, shoot. I'm being a real great Bachelor in Back to the Game. What? I said my rating's had fun of doubt in the game. I'm afraid you have to re-blown it, you want the game to be the worst. We can't! Oh, Jimmy, just out! Now we're thinking about it. Oh Jimmy, just out! And we can't take the key! Oh Jimmy, just out! Oh, bro! Oh, bro! Oh, it's crazy. Thank you, Sidilac, so I can see that. I see that. Hold me to give you this. I can see that. Oh, what the- Where are you gonna go, fire me, huh? Look at that. One killed a one-hidden blast outside the luxury in Vegas. Some thing you put at Brainsolovian ice-type of leaks. That's what immediately comes to mind when you see one of those car blow up in Vegas. It's like the odd fire. Some thing you put at Brainsolovian ice-type of leaks. That crap, all over. But then, again, you know, why jump to conclusions, right? You know me, I'm always jumping to conclusions. The sky is falling, the world's coming to win it. Oh, it's been about the sky is falling, so that the horrendous tornado in Greensboro Greensboro Kansas, and just basically wipe the whole town out. And there's your president going on about our hearts are heavy, our hearts are heavy. And I'm thinking of myself, his heart, our way of trillion pounds is hard as heavy for all the dead people, because look at all the people he's responsible for me and dead and man and wounded and no eyes and no arms and no legs and no ass and all of these things. And his heart is heavy. Good. Golly Miss Molly. And then something about where we got to look to the Lord. And the same Lord that caused that tornado kill all those people in my town out. When you say, okay, damn that Lord. Remember that song by George Harrison, my damn Lord? Oh, boy, that's good. And he, I just got all these sheets of paper here, and I don't know what to say about them. Although we did meet the guys across the street in February and March. That's our big claim to think, is this their competition? We got screwed bad in January, and they got a kiss, and it won't happen again, believe you me. They won't get a kiss like that again. And how come I don't have the amountlies for them over there? How can we send me the monthly for us for all the different day parts? But not the monthly for a while. I don't want any more paper wasted. Okay, whatever your name is. I'm just called them default. Yeah. No, he's gone anyway. So forget up. Oh, good. All right. He's gone to the firing squad. We won't see clearance, no, no. Okay, I'm putting that whole pile of crap over there. So there you go. A disaster book. It's just one rating book. I mean, is the world coming in and winning? Because the Malawi book. Yeah. So certainly for some people. How could you get a 0.6 on this station? Seriously. I want to ask you. I mean, wouldn't you have to have a really, really bad show? I'm not talking about the nighttime numbers. I'm talking about some of the day parts to get a 0.6. Are you thinking it was the shape of the table? Okay. 800 29 votes on the pool. What's the best thing that Italy's given the world? I bet you're more than that. I bet you're at 31. You want to see great food, 297. And of course, see, you know what the problem is with that. A lot of those 297 people have voted. They think that they know what's having food because they've been doing a Italian joint. And they've had some American. They've had some Franco American. Maybe some ship boy R.D. You know, would meet at meet-a-balls. They think that's Italian food. If you've been to Italy, they know what Italian food is. Like, I don't want to sound like condescending or something like that. Just because I've been there a thousand times. But that's the real Italian food. Not that something in a can. Not something in your can. Great food, 297. Feeding the early Christians to the lions, 101. Oh, good start. Why did you stop? So, feel around 100. They're Renaissance 74. The Mafia 59. Big explosion there at the Luxor. And let's see. The Luxor is the one in shape like the pyramid. Right? Next to the one I hate. That would be correct. The one that I hate is the one on the corner. There, it looks like Disney World. What is that? Um, you know. Me, people talking, no, not many times. No, people times my ass. What are you talking about? Yeah, they are. Yeah, it is. No, the one on the corner. Yeah, the one on the corner. Yeah, the one on the corner. Castle. No, it's not media. Next caliber. What is that? I was even a child. People with children. How about media, OK? Times. Uh, also mentioned ruins 34. Like, you'll call a sale. The Roman Empire 33. Sergio Leone, the Spaghetti Westerns 28. Michael Angel, one is art 27. How did he get up there on a ceiling? He could fly. Galileo 27, Christopher Columbus 12, Jesus Christ 10, Jesus. A beautiful language with words like. Are we, are we, are we, are we, are we, are we? Chow. Bonaceta. Nine. Grazie. Fine opera six. Not Grazie either by the way. Don't quite literally, you say, Grazie. So look at you. OK. Fine opera six. Roman numerals five. Why do Roman numerals, why is that even on there? I don't know somebody thought it'd be funny. It's not. Right wing bastards like Mussolini and Burlisconi four. Pavarote three and Julius Caesar still only appear. A large pair but nevertheless. 838 votes. So we got the thousand made, misshaded they. So are we going to get like a revised schedule just to verify that? No. Who, now who told you that Chris? Well, my God came in and told me and then I'm also looking at the official side of the floor of Marlins. Well, I got it from the official side of the Stinking Florida Marlins baby. You think I just made that up so we can get out of here 1130? That's a good idea though. They didn't have the difference. And what does it say? It says the girls in my 12.05 noon baby noon. WQA M. Hello. Yeah, Neil. I have another one that he turns I've given out. He's the world championship in soccer last year. Yeah. Don't tell me that that is not important. Maybe not to you but to me it is. Well, I'm happy for you. Okay. How's my board Chris the other one I'll do it. Oh, but he's right. Oh, yeah. Now I hit a source spot with him because he plays for a wasn't play for that Spanish team. I don't really play. He plays in the locker room. That's what I hear in the showers. A 38 on the pool. These people with their soccer man soccer sucks. You can try to pedal to anybody with a brain. All you want. And all of this isn't excuse for a bunch of crazy people to get rowdy. See that? What's wrong with that? No listen to me. It's an interesting part of culture is that you go to almost any place ever been in Europe. And there's no violence in the streets or at least for you a little almost non-existent. And the violence is if the sporting events. Where is that here? Huh? I let he. Yeah. But where is an US? The violence is all over the place. And at the sporting events they tend to be a little bit more civilized. Just sit in the stands few fist fights. You know, throw a beer on your head. Something like that. But nothing like really important like at the soccer matches. Like the brits. And so he brits in the attendants. He got all whipped up into a frenzy about a stupid soccer match. Oh my God. Are you people kidding me? That's us for. You called that a sport? I'm taking part cheesy as well with sport than that. And they're kicking them all up and down and feel that back and forth. And they're patching with it and it goes out of bounds. And the referee's got a red card, a yellow card, a green card. WQAM hello. Daniel. Yes sir. Hey, two great Italians. How about Mark O'Neill? She wouldn't be here, right? That's for that's for damn sure. How I'd be here but not on the radio. You wouldn't be on the radio. And then Rico Fermi, great physicist. And Rico Fermi had great physics man. In fact he was as regular as my mother wish she was. Okay thank you. I'm not a, we're not putting anymore on there. Huh? I mean we could book Mark O'Neill macaroni on there. But what's the point? We could put like a lot of individual names. We could have marked Marlon Brando on there, right? You know what, for Rari's on there? Just got a fact for that. Ah, for Rari, my ass. Okay, I had two of them and you know that's doing. Yeah. That's up to you. I don't care. It's up to me what? If you want to put it on there. It's up to you by Rick Nelson. Have you got that? It's up to you. I thought about it song. I thought one of his all time greats. In fact he didn't really have any greats. He had some of the old travel of man was pretty good. I don't have that. You don't have it? Sorry. It's up to you. Let me have it as best song ever. And you don't have it? I'll fetch it. What are you? Some kind of an anti-symite? No, you don't have to get it. Listen, don't go through a lot of effort now. When you look at those numbers. Me? When you go through a lot of effort. Not we do that. That number from 9 to 10 is a one five. I'm ingreaded. It was a we got screwed in the book. But I mean how much can he get screwed when somebody's doing a point six in February? A point six. I don't want to lean on those guys because they should only need my help to fail. Believe me when I tell you. That is just unspeakable. What's going on here? QA and hello. A and a how are you? Okay sir. I got a story you'd enjoy. Just see your legacy here. I was doing a job for a woman yesterday who's from Venezuela. How's it going? Yes. She's got her computer going with just a mix of all types of music and I'm working attaching her stove and all of a sudden the music is playing and I just am working and I go, I live Miguel play it baby and she goes, how do you know who he is? All right. I said because of Neil God, I've heard when we saw that and I just thought back to those days when he's a playman. It seemed like subconscious now. So if you could play a little Luis Miguel and let's get the ball up. Okay, see a pal again out here. So he's trying to kill her. He's trying to finish his off. Yeah, so we need to do a different Luis Miguel. And it's time. It's time to just find it was a lot of fun and everybody was real strong. We've got a big fan of it before we decided to come right here and we're getting it. A 50, three out of four is doing it on there. Chris I think maybe they're waking up a little. Well what is that? Oh that was a little bit of a big fan. You already got it off when he started singing. I never heard that song before. I cut it off before it got bad. Well no word before what? Got bad. What? What? What? What? What? You're coming around your ass up. I'm going to say that right now. Yep. How can you be just because he's part half Mexican and half Italian? We could put him on here if we wanted. He's half Italian. I didn't want to. This is the new Roger show. Ha ha ha ha. This is your brain. Ha ha ha. And he questioned. Spiderman. Spiderman. Kevin Cashin and garbage can. Some is looks. It is soups. Right now next to Spidey's good big bucks. Big bucks beside him. Spidey. Spiderman. Fines it down. Who's an ox. Cranking up on the model stock. Total bliss. It can't miss. Number one after the box off this big bucks. It bucks beside him man. We are jealous. We'll be back to see him on the screen. No one cares. He can't act. If we make them supreme. Spidey man. Spidey man. From the cradle of a guy named Sam. You got caught. There's no doubt. All those blood movies just watch out. Big bucks. You'll be hostage of the land. He's only a good deal. Big bucks decided. Oh, let's go stand and line right now. So we're on that's right. Somebody in there. And George saw it and he said it was just fine. It was just fine. Everybody saw us too much. It was too this was just fine. We're picking it up. No worries. Morning on City Post. Whatever. We were going to hear was gripping it. It wasn't long on the spot. It was a $1 million in his special effects in about three and a quarter in the script. Yeah. Not a lot of story, but it was not boring at any point. And he said, and you told me, James Franco was running around his underwear. I like it already. Yeah. Emerging from a cloud of green steam. You'd like it. Yeah. That's the theme's me that I haven't seen that yet. But anyway. A backpack exploded in a parking garage. It attached to a Vegas hotel early today. Killing a man who had picked it up and injured another prison. Don't be picking up no backpack. No a sack. That's laying around. You see somebody left a sack run away and call the police and scream the sky is falling. The man that we moved the backpack from a top of his car. Well, I guess that makes sense. When it exploded shortly after four of the snowing in the second floor of a parking lot, behind a Luxor hotel casino, that's right next to the X caliber, which is for people with little kids amount of go to Disney World at Gamble. Oh, I hate that place. The X caliber. I can't stand it. You know, you know, when they built that was when Vegas was trying to be more like family, friendly and less, you know, perversion and sex and, you know, they were like a pregnant pool balder and the people who really wanted to gamble. They said, we don't want all these little kids running around screaming and yelling and carrying on. Get these people out of here and they said, okay. The second person was taken when he was a hospital, aerial video showed no parent damage to the parking structure. Thanks God. Where entrances were blocked while police fire fighters in federal bureau of ATF and explosives agents investigated. No further information immediately available to Luxor as a pyramid shape hotel. Like I said, moments ago, at the south of the Vegas script. I've been in there. Now, which is the one that the one next door to Luxor, the one Mandalay, the Mandalay. That's the one that they were worried that it wasn't going to settle and we're going to have to tear it down and do it all over again. Never that? No. Yeah. After they built it, they were afraid, you know, when they built a huge building like that, especially in the desert, it has to settle just right, you know, I mean by that settle. Yes. And they were a feared, but it's settled because I think some of the, some of the boys came along. I made the building an offer to come review a speaker of the boys, wait to see who's pictures on the wall. I'm seeing an on their website where the hell is that? I'll find it. One moment please. One moment please. There's a picture of this house that's blown to bits. Okay. And inside the house, the only thing left on the wall is the picture of. Guess who? I don't know. Jesus. Oh, I was going to say kind of these are rights. Yeah. Well, close. A picture of Jesus is on the wall. And I'll know everything else all this crap laying around and I'm everything just strewn all over the place. But there's a picture of Jesus on the wall. You see there? Yeah. Well, wouldn't anything Jesus would have held his hand out and said stop tornadoes, stop evil tornado and, you know, something like that, we didn't do it. What a whos. And anyway, it's been an Jesus. Doug Thompson's got an article here today. May God have mercy on this nation's political soul. Doug Thompson's rant. He says, now that we've all had a chance to see the parade of wannabes from both sides of the political aisle, stay out there so called positions on the issues and to tell the control and endlessly boring debates. The only conclusion that any sane person here reaches, oh, my God. Oh, my God. We're in a lot of trouble. He's still in line from Howard Bealer. Remember when Howard Beale said, we're in a lot of trouble. Remember that? Mm-hmm. Thirteen extra public in debacle. I mean debates, staves in grand style under the wings of Ronald Reagan's Air Force Boeing 707 at the late President's Library showcased just how oughta touch the party the elephant is with means to be America. The candidates have ordered any mention of President Bush not surprising. You don't get elected by tying yourself to a failed leader with a 30% job approval. So the invoke the memory of a dead President Reagan hoping the myth might overshadow reality and somehow help their fathering election hopes. And won't. Reagan is not the political god that Republicans try to create in such harsh tones and that the GOP and these candidates represent today as a far cry from a party that existed when the Gipper was an office. While Democrats seek political extinctions through moderation and computation, Republicans for the most part stick with the same tarot of streamest agenda that alienates voters. GOP frontrunner Rudy Jovi Annemi, a boy mentioned in George W. Bush, but he sounded a lot like W. Democrats he says run and hide from terrorism and only he and the GOP can save America. John McCain, whom he said erected in the speed that he dropped from presumed frontrunner and also ran since war as the only answer. Mid-Romnings is a lot of things, most of them conflicted with history. He may or may not be a hudder depending on the day. He may or may not support abortion, he may or may not be a Republican. As for the rest of the field, who knows and who cares on a George Bush's tortured tenure, Republicans have become the party of excess, even purely more candidates for present than the Democrats and suffering from more hot-button issues. A abortion, same-sex marriage, stem cell research and the biggie, Bush's illegal and a moral war in Iraq. Bringing up rubber rigging to name 19 times won't save the Republican party, drafting more actor former Senator Fred Thompson won't either. But the GOP still has the same as in the hole that has served in so well in the past two presidential lessons that Democrats. They can hope the party of the Jackass lives up to expectations and delivers an opponent as lackluster as Al Gore or as fatally flawed as John Kerry, based on what we've seen from that side of the dialogue can still happen. As subtly tries to prove she has more balls than the Republicans can be blacker than Obama and Obama tries to overcome the political liability of unfortunate middle name and emerging skeletons from his closet, John Edward sits down for a high-priced haircuts and proves that trial lawyers really are the scum of the earth while the rest of the Democratic field of oil is strained from their consultant prepared in focus group-honed talking points. The so-called Democratic leadership in Congress isn't helping. They ham and ha and posture and moan, but since the agenda makes them look like castrated fools, there's nothing worse than being made to look like they're castrated fool. Somewhere there may be a leader who can guide this nation out of the Iran-squaded by too many years of both Republican Democratic mismanagement. Unfortunately, he or she is probably too smart to run for president. Says your close personal path. And there's your president and the queen. The queen. The queen. The queen. The queen. Wow, how do you like this? How much money do you think they're spending on this far? Assuming another sky. Because they're seeing Helsinki and a árcite, foolishness, nonsense. uniformly in the very taste of the.) vie Torcia, a nice in the past. Imp Awesome. A community that really was so active in which he perceived that well to come back to direction of one state, so he helped. Sorry. I just said a word, it's got more than one syllable, yeah? The second. Wow, we're really proud of you, W. And you wonder why I attended the world as a crazy place because it is, you know, what are we worried about? We're worried that a guy called before about soccer matches, you know, about Italy and soccer matches. Most of which are fixed by the way, but nevertheless, that's Italy for you, you know? The big fixes in. Fill in the blank, whatever it is, the big fixes in. When I was exploring maybe moving to Rome several years ago, oh, what you got to pay off the guy to get your electric turned on, you got to smear everybody's palm in Italy because the big fixes in, I don't know really. Not that there's any corruption there, you understand, but right, 185 votes on the pool and great food is kicking ass 321 votes, the best thing it leaves given the world. The fact that spaghetti Westerns is on here too, that's enough to make me cry. WQA, hello. It's a good thing. What was your say? Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. The greater contribution from Italy is their fine men's suit. And I'll tell you. Let me say it again. We're not building a pool here. The pool is closed. Did it? The pool is closed. You've simpleed in you, idiot, with a mind like a pea, a size of a bald bearing. So what do you think about the clothes? Yamana. I think Greg Reed used to buy those expensive suits too, probably with corporate money, and he still has shmuck. OK, what can I tell you? WQA, hello. Hey, you have a morning, I did a print. Go ahead. Uh, let me carry a part in the next week or so. Did he get fishing up there? Did I have one? And he could fish you up in the car. And he could fish you in the car. Yeah, go to Vancouver, OK? And he could fish him up there. Oh, God. Call off salty, salty, salty, healthy, hot. WQA, I'm hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. A yellow card. Yes, we have two. Uh-huh. WQA, I'm hello. I'm the one. OK. I know. But the two boys, the passenger back and forth, and the phone, too. You're squeezing it together. I'm going to hear any spider-man reviews of because, you know, that's the one thing anybody's talking about. Your president and the queen are there side by side. Yeah, let's talk about that. What? The president, queen. Yeah. Hey, queen. You're fair. 560560, pound 560, the Verizon SIGTER, wireless line. WQA, hello. I got your reading, the rating again. Yeah, I am. WQA, hello. Show you what courage I got, yes, sir. Good. Listen, I saw the losing on one of the newspapers the other day. I was wondering if you heard anything about it. People down in Halandell's probably know about it. Did you hear anything about the commissioners down there? They gave themselves a raise from 21,000. Let me see. I'm sorry. Let me see. Question. Do you live in Halandell? Do I live in Halandell, no? No. I need to do the one I select and care less. I need to do the most of the people listening to us right now. Nobody cares. I don't want to be curled with you, sir. But I'm who's telling you right now? Nobody cares about the people in Halandell. All the commissioners in Halandell, what about Sunny Rosemariel? She's still alive, dammit. I'm dying out of the hair. We can only wish. We'd beific if you'd get that right. Let's defend any panic to be the lead. No, what you got is out. You get the one get so poor. No, I got one, boy. It must've still been taken right. Got a bunch of you. Check out without the kick. What did you do? You haven't got it all. No, no. Diesel. Diesel. Diesel. Diesel. Diesel. Diesel. Diesel. Diesel. Let me do the bovine. Open home, open home, and go down. And go home, and see. I can't control this. Stop. Home. Go. This speed. Everything, everything, go down. And down, and both. And the speed. I can't control that. What happened? Who's that hole? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, we oughta make him do this over and say, who that nappy headed hole? Oh, nappy headed hole. You behold it. And with four little coins, and four little nanny's a hole. And see if that's the hole. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I try it. Look at the clock. The clock, the clock, the clock, the clock, the clock. The clock, the clock. Buck.okee. Seballs. Reduce the pressing. Buck. Keep half of your stuff. black and white and blue. Oh my god. Remember that's certainly head about the gay guys that heard that announcement for a lot of their airport. Yeah. A self-israd prankster admitted playing a Bible verse over the PA system at the International Airport last week that offended the gay couple County officials said today. Howard Mayor Joe Seas, Joe Seas, Englton, really? Well no way. That's not the best name in the story, okay? And Bob Beelock, interim director of County Aviation Department identified the prankster as, are you firmly? Are you seeing they're very firmly in your seat? Jeff Roe, Monstime. Jeff Roe and Joe Seas, 23, a skycap works for Superior Aircraft Services at Fort Monterey and Hollywood International Airport. His name's spelled J E F H R O, Jeff Roe. Right. J E F H R O. Jeff Roe, Monstime. The official set investigator talked with Monstime, Sunday night, and said he admitted playing the verse over the PA system twice. Monstime said it was a prank and then he had downloaded the verse onto his cell phone, then played it over the Intercom. He said it was not aware that the gay couple was in the airport terminal, and said it was just a coincidence that he had no ill intent. County officials said B. S. O. Old Turner were the results of the investigation of the Broward State Attorney's Office, determined if any charges ought to be filed. Yeah, I think a bad name charge ought to be filed. Jeff Roe, my ass. What's that bit where we got that where he says, Jeff Roe? What is it, was it? Or shoe throw? Change my name to shoe throw? That's right. I like shoe throw better than Jeff Roe. Especially, he's spelled J E F H E D. Well. In addition, County officials said they would heard Superior Aircraft to terminate Monstime's employment. The unauthorized announcement quoted from Leviticus 2013, which is depending on the translation of the Bible states, if a man lies with the man is one lies with a woman, both of them have done what is detestable, they must be put to death. Hey, go to my public officer. What was that? Oh, the wrong drop. I meant to put this. What was that? I want to hear that. And I was five at the start and it was the top of the tower. Hey, go to the public judge for the incident, Friday after a gay couple of complaints they heard the biblical passage relevant in the baggage year of terminal three around 1245 a.m. last Tuesday. I was almost, it was almost so threatening. I was frightened, said women Hudson. I was frightened. You're fair. Whoever heard the message with his partner six years, quickly and such or went by the way, something. Yes, Bible doesn't say anything about a woman right. Oh, I don't want to hear about it. I understand that this is a Bible versus partner Anthony Dwicky said at the time. I mean, if you're going to start telling me what the Bible says in the Bible doesn't say who cares? It's written by a bunch of Neanderthal lunatics, who cares? What the Bible says? You have to be a crazy person to care what the freaking Bible says and which Bible are we talking about? George, take your pick, pick this. I understand that's a Bible versus when you slap him and he had creases just totally out of control all of a sudden, just out of nowhere. I think after I read that hour from 11 a.m. that where we got to point. Oh, that just flipped his lid. That's what it was. I understand it's a Bible versus partner Anthony Dwicky said at the time that there should be no reason in Bible versus the beginning when to be going over the PCA system of a public end of the like a scareport for crying out loud. Isn't it bad enough? At least I got it wasn't terminal four. Wow, thank the Lord, it wasn't in there because whoever built terminal four that person is a crazy person. Oh, and you know that the picture of Jesus on the wall in Greensburg, Kansas, it was in a church. Well then. And so you only think that was still in the in place. And he had a big smile on his post like, and I'll show you back to a thing or two. I'll show you a who's a thing or two. And Jesus is still around the wall in the church. Everything else is just all littered all over the place. This is in shambles. 919 on our pool on our marginal pool on this business. Oh, I got another one for it. No, you don't. Never ever. If I ever do that again, just cut me right off. Okay, right in the middle of the. Don't cut. Like how I'd be able to say. Right in the middle of the set like that. 56705. Not hearing anything about spider. Maybe you're the only one to see that. Oh, although I doubt it. I'm sure that the lines were real long. The other night. What if I wasn't Thursday night? Yeah, I don't know. I didn't go Thursday night. Well, you have to be crazy. You go right. No, or any. What's the big rush? What's the big. Exactly. I want some. Be morning. I mean, I liked I totally been in times. I like spider man one and two just finally were both very very good. I enjoyed him a lot. But what I stand in line to see any movie in midnight? I don't listen. Neither would I know. WDQAM. Hello. Oh, great show. No. WDQAM. Hello. Yes. How you doing? Could question. There's a scope. Thank you for all these years of your funny news. I want to ask you. There's one station between Keywats and Jacksonville that you've been here at WSTL. It's a powerful station. Did that even show anything anywhere? What was the WFTL? Yeah. It's in 50 AM. They got squad. Squad. Nothing at all. I'll squad. Let me sit again. SKAUT squad. Thank you. QP. Yeah. ZLX QB squad. They got nothing. Why do these people do this? I don't know. Fun. For them in the sun? You son of a gun? WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. What's the response out this weekend? I want to ask you guys a question. What's the response? Okay. Five six seven five six seven five sixty. And five six ten of a horizon. Well, there's one of the better calls we've had this year so far. No. Two men we can let go. How's Preston Handel by the way? He's still in the joiners. No, he's out on the loose. He's on the loose. He's a caboose. How's he going to caboose? How's he buddy? P.D. Let me do it. He's fine. He's got long hair now. Hmm. Mode help. No. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. What is it? Hey, Neil. Good morning. How are you? Yes, sir. Hey, question. You had a sponsor for a ticket speeding ticket. Yeah, ticket defense, see me. Okay. That's what I need to know. Thank you, sir. You're welcome. Did me been asked for the number. I don't worry. I'm glad you're doing it. WQAM. Hello. What is it? How did match you 2027 do? Hey, Mike, let me ask you do me a favor. Okay. Don't ever ever call this show again. Okay. Okay. Okay. See, you heard that Mark down the time you got on tape. Mark it down. Okay. I'm just to hand this to radio group. He man, just get lost. Take a hike, Mike. Get a compass in a road, Madwell. WQAM. Hello. We've done more for man. Gitch or cow. WQAM. Hello. It appears George could have said his mother. Okay. Great. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yo, it's fine, man. Super runner-up, lead runner-up, make us slow. That's not good. There you go. Bigger. When he just say he's speaking to your language, I can understand things. He said he was great and he liked it a lot. Spider-man. In Spanish, he said that. What are we doing talking in Spanish? No, no, no. The port that passed. You're okay. You passed. Don't go. You goose and the numbers up, I imagine. Yeah, right. Oh, yeah. I'm sure he's goose and our number. We need a good goose, all right. Let's see. Here's a fact says that the boner scheme reminded me of the blame game. He used to play with public sentence with the president and haven't played in dog's age. The blame game? Oh, there's a little bit. Oh, yeah. The blame game. I just want to see the passing. It's not a shame. Yeah, we know. We know. We know. We know. We know. We know. We know. We know. We know. We know. We know. We know. We know. We know. And that's coming up. Anyway, since George tended to make me put my breakfast watching him, Hawk is book on me, the press. Yeah, I saw that. I also saw John Edwards on with George Steph on top of us. For you talk about a nothing. I can't remember everything I've ever had. I can't keep him on brain. Everything I've ever said. Oh, my god. Somebody actually is taking this person seriously. And you got to vote for me because my wife's got breast cancer. You know, someone like that. Then I guess that must be a good campaign issue because I can't think of any other reason to vote for him. So, you know, wow. So, what do you like better? George's Senate or John Edwards? I don't know. The blind game. Shannon Reno. Reno Reno. BoBeno. Banana fan of Ofeno. P5. Ofeno. Reno. Western. Hobbo. Hobbo. Hobbo. Banana fan of Ofobbo. P5. Hobbo. Hobbo. Come on everybody. I say no, let's play the blame. I'll bet you I can make a round. Out of everybody's crime. The first letter of the name. I treated like a foreign player. But a B or an F. Our M will appear. And then I say, oh, how to feed that a place to play. Man, banana fan of Ofeno. And we serve them with us. The peanut bear is laying at the feet. I add a mow. And then I say the name. And then I say the name. Then a feet by a mow. And then you drag them to the mud. Cover them to the resine. And distract everybody from your own crime. Everybody do John Wong. Wong Wong Wong Wong. For man of animal, Wong, T5, Wong Wong. Oh, hey. Where did God let's do Charlie Tray? Tray, Tray, BoBey. For man of animal. Faith, Faith, Biobo, Mae. Tray. A little blame was Sandy Burger. Burger, Burger, Burger. Banana fan of Ofeno Burger. Fifty-five, Burger. Burgers. The play in game. Oh, man. Yeah, I don't know. I know I never played Ofeno. That sucks. It's 1133. Do you ever play that? No. Don. Okay. Nine of the 40 votes on the pool. And we got a point. Oh, we're loving them at night. All right. We love the panthers. And thank God no more hockey on the station. Let's pass that right across the street. There you go, Joel. No, I have to charge. We love your panthers. There are lawyers. A judge who brews the arguments and cases involving the death of an and the cool Smith was scheduled appearing court today this morning. He's probably in there right now. To face a Mr. Meeter marijuana possession charge. Broward Circuit Judge Lawrence, court of 49 was given a misdemeanor citation in March. After police said they caught him smoking the wicked weed while sitting under a tree in the city park. By the way, the next person I call him here speaks to me in Spanish but I'm being okay. He followed a written plea of not guilty and painful. Court has been on temporary but a definite leave of absence. The fight over K. Wabby don't care about Judge Sidelin and this one. Now, nobody cares about that. Quarter later, her refarquments in a related case he could determine the biological father of Smith's daughter. He ruled out a behaving court had jurisdiction. But it would be put above and then we found out on a Friday that Dave Johnson was the father. Little bit, we know. Why he gave you the win or he gave you street sense. That was nice. Yeah, that was very nice. Better than he money on the Derby? Yeah, we are. Yeah. 941 on the pool will make a thousand. They've very quietly when I'm making a big similar about that. And of course we're also not taking line. Because you don't want line 9 over this. Yeah, it's always that. Every time. Every single time. I would say 99 times out of 100. It's that. You're doing a hover job for his Joe. Let me tell you, Charlie, Joe, you are doing one heck of a job. And don't call me ask me anymore. Stupid questions, Charlie, Joe, because I got no more stupid answers. Yeah, I can't help you out. I'm not on the payroll as a consultant. Programming consultant. Ask a judge, he'll tell you. Sparise, sparise, Josh, Josh, sniffing. Member of all currents this morning. And you, when are you playing all that stuff in the back? Yes, of course. Good. A recent Harris pool indicated that only 22% of American support George's War of Terror writes Cindy Sheen on the Smurking Chimp. Cindy Sheen wrote this, I suspect that less than one fourth of our computers still in favor of the hopeless mess Bushco is tragically involved, you want to say in get all their news from Fox News. She says, I've mostly kept silent about Fox and their role as co-conspirators with a Bush regime, because I believe the organization is two-day close to even waste ink or breath on. MSNBC, CNN and the other networks are not much better, but they're not as openly pro-war or pro-Bushco as Fox. There are also a fabulous Internet sites that do a great job of having out errors in our right lies of Fox News. One of them is sweet Jesus I hate Bill Orale, another one is media matters. Robert Greenwald's out Fox and Alfred Gonzalez lies in lying liars who tell them are great commentaries on the so-called fear and balance network. Orale is regularly Keith Olderman's worst person the world for his hateful end of the out of rhetoric. I don't get a chance to watch TV, very often when I do get a chance I can give an almost 100% guarantee that I'm not watching Fox News. When I broke my about and never watched Do Fox and when I'm out of the show he was amazed to find out that I never watched his program and wasn't nearly as preoccupied with him as he seems to be with me. I hear things through the grapevine but as my mom always said, consider the source. However, saying all that, I've had enough of Bill Orale's of session with me and his unfair and unbalanced program. I almost wrote a piece called Orale O'Reilly when the Bush mom, my piece was on David Letterman and when Letterman stuck up for me, Bill said, no one goes on my show when Calls Terrible's Freedom Fighters. He is one slimy operator because I'm sure what he said was true. No one goes on his show when Calls Terrible's Freedom Fighters but the same as so misleading because it leads one to believe that I've ever been on a show and I've called Terrible's Freedom Fighters. The one time I've watched Orale show was recently when my dear friend Colonel Anne Wright, US Army retired was on the program. She was upstinsively on the comet about the Geneva Conventions regarding prisoners award during the time when Iran was holding some British Marines' prisoners. Orale turned into a bruhahab about Ann Bing and America hater. When Ann singly and he pointed out the fact that she had served her in the US Army for 29 years and asked her wife how many years he served, he had her might cut. After that episode, I went back to working on my computer and a few minutes later Orale was talking about me and how I had the big money of George Seros behind me. And that's why he had to do his best to expose me every chance he gets. At that point, I looked up at my assistant and said, I have to be in order to get George Seros on the phone and tell him that his big money was about three years late and we really could use the funds. First of all, I don't even know George Seros and secondly, what business is it of Orale's what Seros does with his money? According to Orale, George Seros funds every politician, political cause and yields huge influence over us. And my experience in travels I've never met one person who was reaping the fable rewards of a source association. So far, I've ignored this and stayed above the Fox News defamation of my character. It wouldn't take a moral journey to equivalent of mother Teresa to stay above Fox News. They have no conscience and no credibility. I can't take many people lower than Fox News. They're employees and frequent neocon contributors as Michelle Malkin and Klorderwood and Crystal etc. However, when I recently received an email from a person with the email address of GI Joe who claimed to be an Iraq Warbed when accusing me of calling terrorist freedom fighters because he adjusted on the news was when I decided the Orawley factor had to go. I know for a fact that evening GI Joe wrote me a Rally brought that old live backup. He can't think of anything new and he can't defend an indefensible criminal regime so he has to rehash old lies and character assassinations of me and other liberals to keep his program afloat. I answered the soldier and explained carefully to him the distinction between the terrorists and the occupied person and the sovereign country is fighting for his or her freedom from an oppressive foreign country. I tried to get GI Joe to recall his lessons about the American revolution when our founding fathers mother did the same thing. I mourn that GI Joe watches Fox News and so abysmaliness informed and more and morally manipulated. The person who isn't misinformed those Bill Orawley. If he had a conscience he should be ashamed of leading twenty-two-present this country astray. The Jesus of Fox News thinks it's okay to kill innocent people for profit but my Jesus won't heed that causes one of the little ones to stumble. Jesus Christ, there would be better for that person to tie a millstone around his neck and be sunk in the depth of the sea. Orawley and the rest of the bad chemperies of Fox News are thankfully seeing their flock to climb, but they're abrogating their responsibility to inform their viewers properly and making a mock re out of objective reporting. There was a successful campaign lead against Bushco and Warquidic Don Amis waged through his advertisers. He was taken off the earth and so I say it's about time the grassroots forgressives pull the plug on Fox News beginning with a hateful rhetoric of Bill Orawley. It's not because of his public liable of me, I've often found his weird attraction to me a little humorous and very sad because of GI Joe I'm calling for a book out of every sponsor Bill Orawley show. When his empty spins only shut down, hopefully the rest of the perveires of Bush propaganda will get the message. We've voters activists and grassroots peace and justice workers are in the considerable majority and we're also consumers. It's about time we used the power of our purse to raise the whole to vast wasteland of Fox News accountable. Then maybe just maybe we can get information from mainstream news sources and not just right entertainment. This is something fairly easy to do and be sads elected to Fox News telling them why you're not supporting Orawley as Fox News. We can focus on what's important. And in the occupation of Iraq and holding Fox's best friends, the Bush administration accountable. Bill Orawley, get off your high horse and get off our TV screens, says Cindy Sheen. She's pissed off and fired up again. I'll surprise. 956 votes on a poll. Yeah. Were you just relaxed? I'm just amazed that we have another thousand calls of an English, about Spider-Man. Maybe they're only showing the Spanish language version. So I have to be an extra bit of a peaceful issue. Okay. I have got a little black and black for four. The game from Spiney, Sports Reading, five, six, eight. You a- I can't be a- I can't be a- I can't be a- The big was at many five hair straight dude products. For instance, the IFF show. For another film, a job show was a fan I did, I'm- Oh, well, I'll do something out of your bar, and we'll have dinner. I don't know if I'm a dime shit. You show me a fan, don't you? I'm gonna do something. Friend, open and beat some off. Oh, grab the- I need your help to have it. Oh, oh, oh, oh, I'm not American up the door. I dropped an nail in the body. I don't know, man- Oh, how old is my Chris going to mark? Oh, you know, I got all these gold locks from the light behind the nail. You want it all? Show! It's starting to be so rich! Oh, no, we need more men now! No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That one left still no nail. Oh, people start coming in to the building and open the hall. Now, and they are, oh the house that's back today. There's more! Don't happen! Come from here, pop off. Go to the track when your Engine's own left. No, yeah or I thought you wouldn't want to eat that one. No. Come on, yeah.ной. Take your better look. Go to the best tire, in a distance. Yeah. Oh. Your own, pop off with those heads all the time. Andy, Andy, just been��ier off. My dad blew off. Okay, I'm 45 and 560WQ. And look at the phones just light up nine-mentioned Spider-Man, huh? Look at that. Nothing. Zero, right? What would you expect in so a four-minute? We get one call and he's speaking as fun you all. Is that exactly a big and a funny man? Big and a funny. That's exactly what you expect. C-C-This? That? 560 has this. 560, 560, pound-five, 60, and leave a rise in singular wireless line. Those are our two on the earpole questions. What do you think the Spider-Man 3, which I know most of you have seen it already, who are going to see it, and there must be a bunch of deadheads. And what's wrong with that morning show? Hey, we've only got two in the quarter-hour's left. We got a lot of ground to come. And what's wrong with that? Love it in the midnight hour, huh? 0.0. And the thing that we need to get to meet is these people are like, like, parents coming in this morning. What do you think, Neil? What do you want to think about what? What do you want to think about what? The fact that they've turned their hands, the keys to the kingdom of their hands, about the northern-grown child, who spends most of his daytime hours sniffing a drop strap behind his desk. Oh, but Danny Boy once wore this full man, can't you smell that? Yeah, I'm afraid I can. I'm WWE in, hello. Hey, I'm sorry, Neil. Yeah? I just had my wisdom to this drop. WWE QAN, hello. Yeah, good. WWE QAN, hello. WWE QAN, hello. Yeah. Yeah. WWE QAN, hello. Neil. Yes. I love your show, man. Yeah. You know, some of the people that I work with that guys that are born again, Christians are the ones that are for this war and behind the Bible. I'll screw them. Hey, I'm, uh, near off, humber. That's Spanish. What? I have no idea. WWE QAN, hello. Okay, I want to move it. Yeah. I wasn't that good. What was wrong with it? I, if, like, they, okay, the first is a continuation of the second. Right. And then they leave you hanging to see the number three movie, right? Yeah. But then they're on the third one. It's kind of like, I don't know. They, they love it. In the middle of the film, and supposedly the, uh, desulter guy becomes the ally of, uh, the, the, um, Oh, shoot. Shoot. Yeah, he said, he said, shoot. It, it, it, it's not, of course. I shot. It's got cut and the middle, it says this. And got one? Cut. It's like he doesn't follow that signal. Oh, well, yeah, that wasn't good. In other words, it sucks. Kramer, I would say we've been wanting to, I will give you the six. Juan and ten. Well, you, that wasn't me. That was joy. No, I was. Okay, I come down and I, I bust him in the head. So good. Yeah. But my kick is, I asked mine. Okay. Thanks, Palin. How do you, Os. Hey, listen, at least that guy was try to speak English. I mean, he wasn't doing real well. You know, fine. You stop. He was a really guy. You're just upset because he didn't like it. That's all. I'm not upset at all. I'm just going to see it again. Oh, I was the cameo. V. This, uh, cleavis or something like that. Yeah. What was that? Jeff throw, Jeff throw. Oh. Oh. Oh. W. W. K. W. M. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, uh, what do you think? Little dog, that was good thing. What do I think of what? That, that, that, that one, you know, I could hear less about out the ball one. He's daughter any of that crap. What? What? You care about it? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Nope. Yeah, keep tapping on the phone and the sound of the head of woodpecker inside of his phone. Or maybe a woodpecker in his woodward, did you say? W to Q a M. Hello. Neil. Pants. Yes, sir. That movie was bad. Really? Yeah, I'd say maybe a maybe a five or six, but, uh, if you're a fan of the old cartoon television show when you're a kid or the comic books, they just, they put you this. And in a while, way, well, it was wrong with it. Well, there's too many boring parts. And like the guy before was trying to say, the green goblin is Spider-Man's, you know, ally in part of the movie and the same man in the venom were teeming up. It's, it's a crap. Yeah. So, um, uh, and then, you know, the special effects were good. The fight teams were okay, but it wasn't anything special. Okay, thanks. I'll wait. I'll wait for you to send me a, uh, bootleg copy or something. I mean, uh, and I will. I can tell you, it wasn't long on pop it. There wasn't anything boring about it. I mean, I'm sure I could go running out in the standing in the movie theater at midnight or two o'clock in the morning, so I can see Spider-Man's three is two o'clock in the afternoon. Not even a two o'clock in the afternoon. I could run out of here at two o'clock and go see it if I wanted to. And I'm not going to do it. How do you like that? What do I care? W to a M. Hello. Yes, sir. That movie was so bad. Maybe poop in the radar range. Really? I'm gonna cook it up a little bit. Man sounds like it's right up your alley. Or was. W to Q a M. Hello. Q a M. Hey, I don't know. Okay, sir. Am I taking on the movie? Uh, I can. What is your take? Uh, It was too much of a love story between Peter Parker and his girlfriend. I mean, you could have doing a couple of you phares in there because you started crying on a couple. Oh, she was very. Yeah, exactly. He was crying and because his girlfriend heard him in here and that. But other than that, if they once took out into the action, it was okay. I give it a seven. A little slow. That's fine. Okay. Well, nothing other exciting now, huh? Yeah, I'm not in a really. You know, it was more like a girly film to me. The girly film for girly boys. Okay. G girly film. That's because James Franco was in his underwear. So she told me, well, for the girly film, I better go see him. Nine hundred seventy five votes on a pool. No, let me ask you a question because it's coming up with the next break. Is there a new tag? I mean, I just asked these things because you're good buddy. They're, um, brain, a brain, uh, schmutz. Oh, yeah. Just, uh, he just think cutten it. He may be cutten the cheese. I don't want to be downwind of that. I guarantee you. But he just, he just think cutten it since he's come back. Don't cry. He had a lobotomy or he's, maybe he's an imposter. Maybe he's the fake Brian schmutz. You ever think of that? I know I had nobody else looks quite like him. Yeah, thank God. I'm serious. Maybe he's not to be all got. Maybe he's in a clone. Because every time a spot comes up, that he's got anything to do with. Which isn't very often by the way. And of course he inherited that. But, uh, it just, you just love me. You scratch your head and wonder is this so over? Are we doing supposed to be doing Brian? You idiot. WQA and hello. Yes. Fighters. No, okay. Well, like I was right to the point. He said it sucks. There's nobody so far. Well, one of the guys, Spanish say you really interpret her. What do you say? He said he liked it. It was a good movie. Oh, well, this guy's a can speak English. Dirty QA and hello. 567. 560. 560. 560. 560. And the Verizon singular wireless line. 980 votes. Oh, blah, before the hours over, we're going to be right on the verge of a thousand. And what we need to proud of that. If we had as many listeners as we got votes, we'd be okay. Especially from 11 to midnight. Oh, point. Oh. Well, what did I say when they put a SPN radio on a 10 o'clock at night and they took a look at what did I say? Read my lips. Didn't I scream? Didn't I could blue lips and scream in yellow and how are I carrying on like an overgrown child? Like a lunatic and a heat. Didn't I say yeah. Like a Mexican jumping being on acid? Ah, that's what I said. What do you know? Nothing. Nothing. Now that we got OG McDuffian once a week on the morning show and we got Alice Marquez and I were Windbag and Eddie, what was the other guy's name? Eric Reed. Oh, read my lips. A recipe for disaster. 980. All we need that was Denise Pothpan back. Now that hockey season's over, let's give him a hint. Him on since we had such big numbers for hockey. Can you believe that after 7 o'clock? Every number started with a, oh, let's a zero. Oh, I got to believe it. That's not even worth keeping the transmitter on. I mean, maybe I'm wrong. Call me crazy. I know what you should do. Okay. Let's see. What's the best thing it leaves given the world? That's our pull question. Great food. Winds of course. Hands down your pantaloonies. 352. So feel around 1.48. Feeding the early Christian civil liens of 115. The Renaissance 90. The Mafia 67 should be doing 100 and there. Because without the Mafia, there'd be no godfather, no good fellows, all of these things. And what would life be without the godfather? The Roman Empire 38. Awesome ancient ruins 35. Sergio Leones, spaghetti westerns, 32. That's what Clint Eastwood said was he in a bunch of those? How sad. He's stuck in talk. Michael Anso and his art, 31. Galileo 31. What did he know? Christopher Columbus 12. Jesus Christ 11. I just, you know, it's one thing to say that. I will admit I say that every now and then. But in the like soup and soups. Like what's the place that you go now? That's one of our good friends of where you're food. A few great little soup man in the episode. And then you have different kinds of soups. Or would you say they have dozens of great kinds of soups? Soups? Soups? What? Jesus 11. Beautiful language with words like Arimit R.G. 11. Roman normals 8. Final opera 8. Paverote 5. Right wing bastards like Mussolini and Borlescoi and Julia C. Jesus only got three. Man, no respect for that old bastard. 94. Very shortly we'll be over 1000. And then Chris can like pop up like a peacock. Okay. And then you brandy steak. There's why? No new brandy steak. Who told you that? That would be Jen. What tell the she know? She's getting that from Brian Schmutz. I'm not that I'm not in Jen. She's a nice person. We don't have too many more. She's nice. But then again she gets her. She gets her information from Brian Schmutz. And there's one thing that you may be forgetting is your passing at a long day. Those people are I soul right? This is Granny Quinn. Whenever I shape my balls. I listen to the meal rotters 12 for one hour. 2,000 for sure sucks. The next year we'll have more luck. I can see it now. I bet they'll cure that count. But even find a cure for that guy might boom more. When you feel you're SUV, that gas will all be free. Even when it was cut, our taxes. Demsets will still go down. And rather we'll not use taxes. O summa will be bound. I know there will be peace throughout the Middle East. All kids will crash away and queerize. Will be so safe please let it be great. I sure made it this year. Don't need wars or elections. And no more flu infections. TV will be cleaner. And star jump will be cleaner. Let's all look up. The right side is 2,000. In 2005. Oh yeah. We're in a clock back to 2005. That was a pretty good year huh? We sure had some numbers back in 2005. That's before Jolly Joe came on a scene. And said the clearance. Go get on baby. Is nobody said something like that. Go get them. Schmuck. Sports man. 12.5.60. We got mad dog. Two power hour man. Mad dog and hang four to five. The hump are so low five to six thirty. He'll tell you about how he gave you the winner in the derby. And by the beat by the boot. And that was been 10. Sure. And then you got that Marlin stuff. And after the Marlin game. You got any. Back. Which you know see they made a bad mistake. And now we're going to pay the price for it. What was the point of that anyway? How much could they pay? I'm home. But. We need bucks a week or something like that. Oh well we have to have a big cross cutting thing here. There's athree things that have to do with it. We have to have. So... A five 69C simulation that came up 12. And is this one two?66. What does it mean? If it's a swim point it can silence as much as the ball. The speed of being the judge. Certainly. Just like we couldn't afford any can to be lined up with a point 11 o'clock at night. Oh God If you if you I don't want to get the sheet back out with those numbers. I don't want to look at it again I'll get physically ill Mary Shaw writes what is this on smoking chip? I received an interesting report this week from citizens for Responsible and ethics in Washington. She says crew Apparently that organization has obtained some documents indicating that the federal government had turned down millions of dollars Nade from foreign countries and they aftermath of Katrina see they don't care about those folks down there because they're all dark So according to crew incredibly $854 million in aid was offered from countries across the world yet only 40 million is being used so far for victims of reconstruction In fact, I'll have to provide rescue equipment cruise ships medical teams and water were rejected as victims well without basic Massage So as much as doesn't care about black people that is correct even assistance that was accepted such as medical supplies Admittedly were unused exposed to the elements and eventually tossed out discarded Of course, this is the same countries present fiddle while New Orleans drown in a secretary of state thought that the best use of her time was to go shopping and catch a Broadway comedy in New York Can't let the tragic destruction of a major American city and the poor people in the interfere with their fun, I guess And they apparently also had better things to do than accept the financial contributions of the world and put them to good use to assist those whose lives had just been devastated I missed the days when I was proud to be an American citizen. I'm sure you go married. I'm ever those days BB before bush. Oh, it's big and a bush and more ways than one If you go on our my space page. Yeah, this you're gonna find this well worth your effort. Okay. I'm sure it's on there. We're not thanks to your good friend Ricky Now let's see go in there now. Well, are you on there now? No, I'm going there now. I'll be there now Go to the profile page which I'm trying to do but for some reason it won't go there And The first comment on there is the first couple Laura as you've never seen her before Why don't it slow it in slow Yeah, okay, it's loading it's loading it's loading all right you see that Yeah Yeah, the clippers. Yeah, you talk about the bush family. Yeah That is That was there it is. It's right on the top kind of right next to Marlon Brando by the way. He don't look too happy about it He looks like he has really just seen the face of the devil. Oh Oh So anyway that was well, thanks Ricky. That's a I was gonna say a beautiful thing that would be an exaggeration So the general consensus so far is that the spider-man 3 was a chick flick it was Everybody said so many things about it. It was not boring. How's that not long on plop it? It was not boring at any point You liked it. I liked it fine. Well, what do you give it on one to seven? I won a 10 7 well 7's not great. No, it was just fine the seven. We're adding it line into it the two o'clock in the morning Would not I would walk in there on a Sunday morning without starting my face and having bad breath And you know get a seat in the theater that's practically empty and watch it then for Matt He's what I would do in that living room would be good. Yeah 567. Oh 560 560 and the Verizon senior wireless line. I don't know to there's somebody up there who liked it What will find out? WQA and hello Very well, you don't have everything. Okay, hey listen. I've seen I just kept up to be off I've seen I'm a son though there. You go to homeless car. Yeah, yeah, bye What a shame that that guy just got back from the u. Okay, go back to the u. Look Stay there and don't ever leave. Okay, don't inflict your new octaves on the rest of the world. Please your new octaves It's like a disease WQA. I'm hello Yes, hey Hey, can I talk kneel you're speaking to them? Oh, yeah Hey, good bye King Fod How about your friend? Good bye King Fod What about What language do you speak in the city? Crazy Ha ha It's the nerd neckline baby Frank rich writes in New York times is candy hiding the smoking gun And by the way WB this was next in my file he must be psychic the fact that you just sent me Do I have time to read this whole thing now before I show you the break early? This is long. This is very very long. I'm gonna do the break early. Okay, and I'm gonna go into a reading ran Sox But the wishes pizza and the back child support that low life loser still owes you then called dominoes for our new Denby dad pizza Dominoes deadbeat dead pizza. Speak of the devil. It's you. Oh, hey Here's your pizza. How much do I owe you? $7500. Oh, well Here's it's 20. Yeah, I would add the rest of it if New York and cover the spread Oh, hey, how's it? What's your name is Suzy and you use that excuse last time? Well, tell her daddy's asking about her and give her these fuzzoms Okay, she needs new shoes and you give her For Jones. Yeah, there it's 3.99. I'll just take it off when I will Okay, don't know Denby dad pizza. Oh, the door get that SLB 10 11 on the pool over a thousand boats. Okay, Chris You can stomp back in your cheer all I guess probably already were now 12 13 at five sixty then we came so Frank rich rights in the York Times is condy hiding the smoking gun question mark If is JFK had it a victory is has a hundred fathers and defeat is an orphan that a feed in Iraq is the most Pit of the orphan imaginable It's parents have not only tossed it to the wolves, but also are trying to pin its muting DNA on any fancy They can find George tenet is just the latest to join this blame game which began more than three years ago when his fellow presidential Medal of Freedom recipient Tommy Franks to a bomb wood where the Douglas fight the Pentagon's intelligence Bozo was the stupidest guy in the face of the earth Last fall Kenneth Ableman the neocontrulator who foresaw cakewalk in Iraq tool vanity fair the mystery tenant General Franks and Paul Bremer were three of the most incompetent people who ever served in such key positions Richard Prochond in that huge mistakes were made not by neoconservant and instead of a shattered president Bush Off my channel made the neocons former darling told back to your filth cans of the times the real company All this is wolfowitz and of course nearly everybody blames rumbsfield This would be a three-stuages routine Only a three-stuages the good news is that Mr. Tenet's book roll out may be the last gas of this far circle round robin of recrimination Republicans in the regrets have had less than some common ground by condemning his effort to be positioned himself as the war's innocent scapegoat Some former CIA colleagues are rough or still Michael Schroier who when the agencies been lawed new it has accused tenant of lacking the moral curves to resign And speak out publicly to try to stop our country from striking to what he knew would be in a bist Even after Mr. Tenet did leave office. He maintained a Robert McNamara silence until he cashed in Satisfying that what is to watch a circular firing squad of the wars and a blows unfinished business awaits Unlike Vietnam a rack is not in the past the war escalates even as all this finger pointing continues Very little is changed between the fourth anniversary of Michigan accomplished this year and the last Back then President Bush cheered and Iraqi turning point for sympathetic by the emergence of a unity government Since then what's emerged is more Iraqi disunity and immediately from the death toll That's why Americans voted November to get the hell out The only White House figure to take any responsibility for the Fiasco is former Bush Cheney Polster Matthew Dowd When Marx expressed remorse or furthering a war he now deems in a stake For his belated act of conscience he was promptly patronizes an recipient basket case by an administration flag Who tripped and missed her doubts the affection of personal turmoil if this is what this vicious gang would do to a post or Magimow would be fall cold and pile of feasts folk out nonetheless Mr. Paul Schwitz something to go to do so On television accountability for the major architects and perpetrators of the Iraq war the quagmarable Deepen a tragedy of this killed a man's a full accounting not to mention a catharsis That accounting my well begin with Mr. Paul's successor Kindlees a rise of all the top tier policy players who we saw the president and vice president of the war creation She is the highest still in power and still on the taxpayers payroll She is also the only one who can still get a free pass from the press the current group think beltway narrative has it that the Secretary and states We sit at his foreign policy realism and latent shuttle diplomacy have happily banished the Cheney rum spell cowboy arrogance and road American to a ditch Thus Ms. Rye's was dispatched to three Sunday shows last weekend to battle a Mr. Tenance book before 60 minutes Broadcast either within that night, but in each appearance her statements raise more questions than they answered She was persistently at odds with the record not just a record is spun by Mr. Tenah, but also the public record She must be held a higher standard aka the truth before she to jumps ship It's not been nearly five years since Ms. Rye did her part facility a wreck war on the September 8 2000 to Sunday show with her rendition of we don't want the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud If there she was last Sunday in ABC claiming that she never meant to imply that that Sodom was an imminent threat The question of imminent is whether or not somebody's gonna strike tomorrow is how she put it in other words She's still covering up the war's origins on CBS's face the nation she claimed that intelligence here is before the war will worldwide Even though the international atomic energy agencies No him and elderly publicly stated there was no evidence of an Iraqi nuclear program and even though Germany's intelligence service Since straining was people warnings that the CIA's principal informant on Sodom's supposed biological weapons was a fraud Of the Sunday interview is it was George Stephan top of us who went for the jugular by returning to that non-resistant uranium from Africa He forced Ms. Rye to watch a clip of her appearance on a show in June 2003 when she claimed she didn't know of any serious questions about the rainy evidence before the war Then he came as close as any Sunday host ever has to call in guest a liar But that statement wasn't true Mr. Stephan top of the set Ms. Rye's pleaded memory loss, but the fact remain She received a memo raising serious questions about the raining October 2002 Three months before the president included the infamous 16 words on the subject Instead of the union address her deputy Stephen Hadley received two mammals as well as a phone call of warning from Mr. Tenant Apologist from his rise especially those in the press were embarrassed by their own early cheerlead me for the war Like to say that this is ancient history This is a set of the CIA leak case Ross was to move on and just worry about what happens next Try to have that to families who children went to Iraq to stop Sodom's nooks Besides there's a continuum between past decisions in present ones as the Secretary of State seamlessly demonstrated last Sunday On ABC she pushed the administration's line for training Iraq's current violence as an al-Qaeda plot Hanks by the Samarabhaming of February 2006 But that KIDO isn't the kind of 911. It's a largely Iraq group fighting on one side of the Civil War and by February 2006 Secretary and violence it already began the ring steam for 15 months in part because Ms. Rice and company ignored the genuine image of this Civil War this is the egg that ignored the alarms about been loved and cut in August 2001 Ms. Rice is latest canard wasn't in improvisation was scripted set up for the presence of radio statement three days later The decision we face in Iraq was to boost it Wednesday is not whether we ought to take sides in a Civil War It's whether we stay in the fight against the same international terrorist network that attacked us in 911 Such statements about the present in Iraq are no less deceptive in no less damaging to our national interests than lies about your lady And the KIDO 911 connections told in 2002 and three This country needs facts not fixing to make a decision about the endgame of the war This is it needed but didn't get fast when we went to war in the first place the settle for life is to make the same tragic error twice That Ms. Rice feels scant responsibility for any of this was evident in her repeated assertions on Sunday that all the questions about free war intelligence have been answered by the Rob Silverman and Senate committee inquiries neither of which even addressed out the administration using intelligence it received Now she risked being held in contempt of Congress by ducking a subpoena authorized by the House's oversight committee whose chairman Henry Waxman And next lastman has been trying to get direct answers from her about the Iranian hoax in 2003 Ms. Rice is still walling his investigation by rambling on about separation of powers and claiming she answered all relevant Questions in writing to Senator Carl Levin during her confirmation of the cabinet in January 2005 If former or in covenant national security advisors like Henry Kittensvier, Brent Skowcroft and his big net Versinsky could testify before Congress with that to following the Constitution so can she As for her answers to Senator Levin's questions five of eight were pure Albert ovens allas She either didn't recall or didn't know No wonder the most galling part of Ms. Rice's Sunday spin worse her aside the wolf blitzer that she did around reflecting on these issues when I have a chance to write my book Another book as long as American troops are dying in Iraq the Secretary of State has an obligation to answer questions about how they got there on why they stay If we count ability is ever to begin it would be the best if those questions are answered not on 60 minutes but under oath Just Frank rich you go Frank kick her ass Condy my ass. This is another you know, it's one of these myths cold and pal condy rice sellouts total sellouts George tenett total phony total BS artists thousand twenty seven votes on that pool. It's a tag in baby You like it it must be a tag in five six seven oh five sixty pomp five I guess fight a man's substance But what you said because if it yeah, it was horrible. I don't even know what we are what you say If we also say you lived up to the hype with that 15 minute fifty nine million dollars the first Brad we can wasn't the first night But if James Frank was in it making I'll watch it all right five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty in the Verizon singular wireless line W2AM hello Yeah, no, it's a bulletin your gay There's the software to call maybe one may have a waste of my time asking about spider-man Like we're like we're not getting real place Do you want to see what you say which we're not Okay, here's the result of that pool so far and I'm gonna I'm gonna do it you don't I'm gonna play music all right What's the best term? It leaves Given the world great food three 72 can they've been in doubt no watch WQY and hello So fear around 133 feeding the early questions of the lines hundred twenty three the Renaissance 91 The mafia 70 Roman Empire 39 awesome ancient ruins 38 Michelangelo and his art 34 Sergio alone a Leonis forgetty Western 32 Galileo 32 Christopher Columbus 12 Jesus as in Jesus Christ well a beautiful language with words like a revederch 11 Is now how you say it a revederch sure if you're from Brooklyn Roman numerals eight find operate Pavarote the six right-wing bastards like whistley and bro was going to find and you'll be a season got another one and got four votes out of 10 30 WQAM hello And how you doing okay? I just turn on what's the topic of discussion today? Whatever you want to talk about sir, okay, are you mentioned spider-man? Right, did you see the interview this morning with the president of Syria? No, oh? Wasn't too bad the guy didn't sound like a For real fanatic or I don't know I'm like you like to say I was surprised is is very calm and I saw a spider-man in Well, wait a minute. What is the president of Syria sathed with being a lunatic and be hefted with spider-man? I have no concept of where you're going. Oh, I don't fit I'm here oh No, but why we're thinking the president of Syria you're talking about Mel Carmesin is that who you're talking? He's the president of Syria I don't know what he is. He's something that who who he would go ahead Yeah, anyway, he seemed to be a rational guy and there we would he said that he was his country who's being blamed as a scapegoat For the problems we made in Iraq the president of Syria or maybe I oh God don't tell me I got the cut You said serious What Oh, we can get you a word. Oh, I wrong you know that's a 1301. He said the president of serious Yes, yes, he did That's what I thought he was talking about the whole time Well, I think the president of Syria was in this fight a man was he was the one in southern James Franco take a shower Oh, with an exactly a shy guy Anybody have a heart or a liver and now the league of retired citizens We're there in the show of green onion Don't make heart they were very hard for this Oh Oh So let me ask you what I think of that president of the serious Oh, I think he's a that one seriously and he's been my life You know, just when you think you can't get a drummer call and a more pathetic anymore Oh, they're always crazy the president of Syria And of course, I think he was probably in Spider-Man wasn't he? Maybe that's why some of the people were pissed off about it 567.0560 We're on a rule now. Let's not stop with that one pound five 60 in the rise in singular wireless lines Now what does this say oh yeah, oh yeah, the fact is I thought it you thought he said serious is what he did say it and even when I corrected him he says Yeah, wow Welcome to South Florida ladies and gentlemen the home of the drummer and dumbest is just unbelievable unacceptably But the money's good Nobody's here. I am hello Hi, yeah Yeah, all right, how are you doing? My wife and I fully got to see on the high definition movie channel in the shadows the mode down and that really was What a film that was that was so good yeah off They got they particularly I like that there was a female singer a white singer and one of what she has It was really I thought it was just could be singing, but it was really interesting with the background information of where these guys and all the groups stay back It was real yeah, I'm very enjoyed it. Thank you so much Joe Mazboy 567 I think she's the president of serious 567.0560 in pound five 60 in the rise in singular wireless line WQA and hello This is the president of serious Are you serious? I He went over really big this morning understand WQA I'm hello Yeah I'm driving down I 95 yesterday and You know those little messages that he put up there for traffic or whatever right right Okay, another place is for 25 years right right, but I mean take this out of said the movie Yes, you can You're on the free with your needy. You're all given a step on the accelerator Move it. Yes, yeah What does that supposed to mean? Passing lane Okay, thanks to the bad news WQA and hello WQA and hello WQA and hello Yeah, yes I wanted to talk about fighter man also I How much cotton have you gotten your mouth huh? I got about how much kind of I have your partners foot in your mouth Does that what it is? I'll be generous and safe foot Mighty what yeah yeah 567 I was gonna say yeah, no no you don't feet I say 567 560 and 560 and the Verizon and SIGITOR wireless line and these people are coming like Joe Bell and Claremans And what do you think? You know what what I think is that what you've done to be show and to this radio station People are on death row for lesser offenses than what you've done, but you know what like I said moments ago May 10th through these payday and I'll take the money WQA and hello You are the mic brand and show these calls definitely make the show WQA and hello Yes, sir. Hey, what's gonna happen to our parachute that locked up in the county clean there? Who cares? Hey, I care about her as much as I do about Alec Baldwin and his daughter Oh, that was I don't really think he was online by trying to straighten her out. Let me ask you this who cares? Nobody not even me just cast the time Yeah, well, I understand where you are WQA and hello Not the first time QA and hello I know y'all sit row number is ripping you on the other station said that you're ready You know, yeah, you know something we don't care tell Sid Rosenberg to go back to New York I'm not interested in no radio wars trying to use this show is you know to try to yeah It's not gonna happen. It's not going to work. Okay You're stuck there with a two-share and by the way you'll be lucky to crack a two-one January drop-saw But good luck to you. You'll need it WQA and hello No What can we do for you sir? Hey, I just wanted to know if you happened to see 60 minutes last night. No, I did not No, you really would have enjoyed it this 70 year old female truck driver found a Jackson Pollock painting in Some guys garage and she's trying to sell it and the ardent her house. It is a dogs playing broker So it's a bit of a step up or down depending upon how you see it you Yeah Was just before acting the president of serious was on yeah 567. Oh my 60. What? That's your that guy again. Yeah, let's see. I'm not a repeat that's three again. I'm so sure I'm in 60 minutes last night And pound five 60 in a Verizon singular wireless line WQA and hello You think you could pay to do this Yeah, it is I'll take it though WQA and hello Deep deep breath always for always the deep breath like you're sucking air out of a balloon okay or whatever you're sucking okay always the same Sucking helium Like the jockey's by the way just see the interviews with him jockey's on the dirt. We know you don't want you They all sound like they're uh munchkins like uh with helium they are munchkins aren't they? Yes, they aren't a balloon but I want to think of the trader and I want to thank the lord and But the fire like that 567. Oh 560 and pound five 60. We're rising in singular wireless line as we continue Analyzing the movie Spider-Man and the phenomenal box or a fist effect. I think everybody's probably lined up to see it now That's why they are calling us all this Yeah, yeah They don't have time to be mucking with us WQA and hello That can't be all the way WQA and crank line hello WQA and hello at least I was different Pablo day sings Terry Jones writes in the Guardian Save by the bomb senator McKay to sit upon a solution. I'll be a public in part these was a nuclear war with Iran Camping in Oklahoma the ability to become a public in senator john McKay was asked what to be done about a ran He responded by singing bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb a ran to the two of the beach boys barbaraan Join the hilarity and see for yourself on you tube How can any thinking first and disagree? I mean any country with a president doesn't shave properly and never wears a tie Is there a voice coming to it a lot of American bombs with a few British ones thrown into when sure we don't miss out on the ensuing of surgeon terrorism? The problem is how to unload enough bombs on a ran before next year's US election to bring about enough flag waving We have to be public in party we elected This is essential if we're to safeguard the revenues of companies like haliburton Especially at a time when the special inspector general for a wacky construction This is discovering what a shoddy job haliburton has been doing In project in nester we are mozol and hilla declared success is by the US and specues have discovered Buckle floors crumbling concrete failed generators and black sewage systems do not to sabotage relagely to pork construction like a maintenance The trouble is that to be elected to the GOP is becoming more problematic as opinion turns against George Bush's little invasion of Iraq Even Saudi Arabia's king of dollar recently condemned the US action as in legal foreign occupation his nephew Prince Bander has been re-tripering for me turning calls for weeks More worrying is the plummeting popularity of the party is the White House corruption becomes ever more difficult to disguise The L.A. Times reports that what representative Thomas Davis third called a poisonous environment has begun to dent fundraising and I've heard a problem for Republicans So the only solution is to bomb Iran is sent to McCain so wisely and using leasing jest the real issue is whether he is regular weapons or do the job properly and go nuclear Nuclear bombs have the advantage of being much bigger and they'll also pollute vast swaths of Iran and make much of the country unnevitable for years With a bit of luck some of the fall out will sweep into Iraq and finish off the job the US and UK have begun with unencoring more Costs but the biggest advantage of nuclear weapons is that the repercussions will be so enormous the absurd Interimism so overwhelming that the world will be totally changed a year before 911 Paul Wolfowitz and Scooter will be signed a statement for the project for the new American century a new con think tank They rather hope for some catastrophic catalyzing event like a new pearl harbor to kickstart their dream of a world run by US military might a nuclear war would do the trick in spades And Republican party could expect to stay in power for the next 50 even a hundred years Of course, a large proportion of the human race would be wiped out in the process But that shouldn't be a problem as long as there are anti-radiation suits for the White House and Pentagon staff such a shake up Would give the US a golden opportunity to corner what stuff for the world's oil reserves In 1955 Aberdeinstein and Bertrand Russell said the world was faced by a stark and dreadful and inescapable choice Should we put it into the human race or shall mankind be announced war? Senator McCain wasn't bothered by such questions the human race may be standing on a precipice But the Republicans have a chance of permanent reelection It's Terry Jones of money Python right and they are guarding UK one other one of those birds you know you bet one of the good ones One of the good brits unlike the queen who's there with your president today? Who's got the nicer handbag? She's there with I still say that president of Georgia Laura on our my spell my guys. Yeah. Yeah Don't you think that needs to be on a regular? Yes, special yeah Save the suit where we can't do that get that on our regular page. Are you kidding? You have a heart attack who will? Eric which I think the beat had curtain down and that was okay. I see you like I said Yeah, but that is at least we took that down is because we didn't know the age of the I think Laura's over 18 we don't know how old that thing is Man, Bill God 1248 12 minutes before one at five 60 W 2 AM Democrats in America are evenly divided And the question whether George W Bush knew about the 911 terms to tax and advance 35% of Democrats believe he did though 39% say he did not know and 26% are like not sure Republicans reject that view by a 71 margin Say the president did not know an advance about the attacks among those not affiliated with eGMA even major party 18% believe the president knew and 57% say Uh-huh Overall 22% of the voters believe that the president knew about the attacks and advance that's 20% of all voters are slightly larger number 29% believe the C I knew about the attacks and vans while Americans Light Americans are less likely than others to believe that either the president of the C I knew about the attacks and vans Young Americans are more likely than their elders to believe the president of the C I knew about the attacks and vans I ever just 8% of voters say the C I was very truthful before the war in Iraq another 33 Oh, this this goes on very truthful. So much truthful a little bit truthful lied a lot lied a little bit bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop all my god What kind of a pole is that it's from Ras Musin reports. Well take your report and shove it W Q a m hello Hey Neil. Yes, sir I'm still stone I forgot I'm gonna say no, okay, well, what'd be the first one? He's so stone if he ever was gonna say I think they're all stone today If we had like one real call today, well we had the one guy when you're people it's so the uh about spider man They're one actually spoke a little English Yeah, you're it's your fault like I don't brought up spider man You think our crowd are our crowd of seen if your crowd this crowd these old people now What do you mean your crowd I said our crowd so you say you are crowd We all told writers you know that race track crowd that a ride like Lester Green shot right people I want to Kentucky durby on Saturday right 567.0560 pound five 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line I call my inducing Monday man. It is Really deadly quiet W Q a m hello W Q a m hello Anyhow are you doing today? Okay, sir I'm a six fighter man yet, but I'm gonna see tonight or tomorrow night. Okay, and Anyway, I want to ask you you know President Bush is against abortion am I right? Yes Isn't it kind of hypocritical to talk about he's against abortion because it's been taking a human life Sir, let's get our hearts. I know I know where you're going with this why why are you is it make you happy to hear the sound of your voice saying this? No, I just I was like saying it's today Monday. I mean come on You ever want to just sit and put your head in your hands and cry every day when I wake up Oh my god and this guy I'm sure thinks that he was a very intelligent caller, you know President to hypocrit but all these people are dying in a rack and he said I'll eat light like we don't know that Jesus got almighty Jesus right if I picked you under too long Must have been yeah if he's not out of the woods yet. He's got bush on the brain WQAM hello Okay, sir WQAM hello Yes Yes The British just had a poll And what the British there's a pound of great Britain who's the rest of the trip and it's a good chat to refer In Canada they had a poll same poll and the the worst can only was picked as Harold Bauer Right really passed through about the hockey there. Yeah Okay, we'll call me up when the funeral starts 560 560 pound 560 at least that made me feel very young. You know maybe feel that make me feel so young And pound 560 Verizon to get a wireless line WQAM hello Yes, sir. Hi, this is Phil some member fine. How are you okay Phil? Hey quick question. I don't know what your stop broke or is telling you these things that now is it on the at an all-time high? Yeah, so No, I know you've been cursing them a long time and just want to check your opinions. They were going on What's going on with Sua's going on with what with my money? Yeah, yeah, don't worry about my money. My money is doing fine. Okay, sir. My money is doing fine. Don't worry about my money I got my money and it ain't no your money. Okay 560 75060 pound 560 and they've arrived in singular wireless line and they singularly amazing Monday It never it's just you know you can you could be on here in this market for a thousand years in unit every single day is like a a major shock to your system WQAM hello QAM I can't see him in the ill speaking What do you think about the plant there's now? What does that what does that mean what do I think about the panthers what do you think about the panthers kneel the black panthers WQAM hello All cast your nose those the reason I bought a serious satellite radio That was the president of serious. I'm sure about Or ought to be WQAM hello in your all-orja. Okay, sir Remember Republicans are evil and Quick point about the Middle East and the you know I ran a lot of people complain like McCain They want to bomb that kind of a man they say that they're a threat to Israel Reality of the Arab world is will never attack Israel because That's the problem that will never go away to help some keep their people distracted from the problem of their own country So somebody radio and ever take about I ran on ever take him out because if they do then no focus how about how about I think took him out for a nice subriscuit would be good What about what's up? Nice potato pancakes and lockies would be nice and they could say the high There you go all together or castle's voice But McCain's evil too, so that is correct. Look at that a crab good luck to us. That's that's Braxton man No question about that He's the only one it's got an IQ larger than a thumbnail. He's got it. You know some people got it some people don't cut it He's got it. That's all that's all of his to it Like Kennedy had it, you know JFK he had it and you could see it he had the thing It means what do you mean he had it? Of course whether America will you know who knows it's it's May it's the 7th of May 2007 Okay, all this all this fault are all these silly answer debates and they're all getting nothing John and which performance yesterday He should have just dropped out right after George step on top of his finished with him He should have just said oh by the way George I'm dropping out Right exactly Embarrassing humiliating and degrading and then he should have gone into like bomb bomb bomb bomb We're a little bit of that too. He was just for comedy sake because all these things are very very funny, you know But you think hysterical 10 more dead American soldiers yesterday by the way. I just mentioned that in passing that's a good name way depressed Just got no hell and when I'm up in bulk a ticket slap and all the women would paint in lips around the pool I listen to the new Rogers wanted to I mean I listen to the new Rogers iron balance when the two hours Oh that is me it's getting a go on 5 6 so I've got this board thank you. Oh, that's all we're allowed to talk about sure I just got done chasing a hot sports lead Please man feel the time sure Baito is long go Go I got a jacks Wow, no, at least we have something to talk about I'm a look at the size of their thing dude. That's right. They're dingo very harmless to got here Clarence what do you want? I just want to touch it the jacks crap Can I just touch it? One You think we'll ever break a one It smells good too Yep, and if you look closely there's a slight yellowing around the side See this dude like somebody had one nutty buddy too many Right so girls too bad a song of tag This is an important this guy yeah, maybe I can only relax the point in the book situation that has What is writing yeah those are like whatever radio Yeah, what you ain't got okay. It's one 02560 WQM happy Monday to you and obviously the reduces on the looseman and software to the wrong I'm extra juicy today. I didn't get mine. Yes. Can you check your exit bed? Why does it hit a twice a couple of times? We have lots of times. Okay. Did you just relax? Nothing with the exit bed it just it's just operator error and of course rather than just saying there and shutting up like it like an intelligence Or it would do could you check your exit cube? Yeah, let me let me play it again here for and see if it goes once okay Okay You see what happens is that I got a five step here And sometimes the way on the thing and we'll read and you'll have a whole bunch of those in the summer and in the Q up box I'm saying You're on talking about what you got about I talk about just mind your own business That's when I'm talking about Jesus God could you check guy your I think you made a mistake there a couple times now You made a mistake believe me yeah, I come in here That's for damn sure you finally figuring that out you're a little slow but better later than ever How's that go better whatever 560 5050 50 let's take a whole bunch of calls this are because to be honest with these today I'm not sure which was my very favorite right all the way I think present in serious he's pretty good My favorite if you Q a M hello Q a M Not there. W Q a M hello Hey, you know Yes, you got a critique on that pizza did you are you? Yeah, I got a really more you talking about Okay, it's like I'd rather go to some battles but frankly it's a couple more tastes whether you're in a little one Spinos Baddest borrowers Oh my god, yeah, but I least about you can taste there's just no taste to the stuff really the ladies Yeah, so and that's for you know Joyce and you know all happy Joe there Yeah, long as they're in charge and there's no way to go but down Hellman and then another thing I do I drive it still freaking pulling him on board. I'm not the pew every time I see it You know three-decillers three-decillers Trump ship goes somewhere anywhere but there you see what's up I still have to make you just want to pull out drive your baby W Q a M hello A M yes sir. I doing okay I'm 34 and I hooked up with a 24 year old hotty chick great night regulations Thank you. You're welcome. Have a good time W Q a M hello Oh, Nail God. Yes, sir. You're starting calling with a request for a click solution in the basket Yeah Where's the nourishing in the bag? Yeah, there you go Good, good. We love it. Yeah, okay. Wow. Okay. Yeah, some people who's in the house. Thank you for your old boyfriend 1080's three on the pool we need only 17 more for a lot of hundred then Chris is gonna really in fact when we do the exit Q on this segment we're gonna play 50 times cool It's a good thing I looked up under because I heard it I think was the last time I saw them were like about 20 more from shoot up in a box And I just had a delete delete Yeah, huh that goes Q a M hello W Q a M hello New buddy. It's too gut congratulations on the reading Yeah, Stu got there's a real broadcaster for you. See that's interesting thing about those guys They get they get a bogus month in January Which lifted them through you know three or four trends there and made the rover all book bogus and what's gonna happen next trend when the January drops off? You know what comes to mind when I think of that? What That Then what kind of a song are they gonna be singing you know all this business about one book they got existed one month in one book and right away They got a story they got a story. Yeah. You got a story all right. It's pathetic W Q a M hello We're always looking a door just under where W Q a M hello Yes, sir Yeah, manded or is yeah W Q a M hello The guy's it going all right All right Anyway, I don't know how much you big on censorship, but if you get around know you should check out them two films called the this one is now yet rated and It's a bad word. It's that word. Oh, well, it's a bad word. I'll pass 5 670 560 of course on this show. I'm when you work for the beesleys and joys air reward is a bad word like Hi What's up There rewards a bad word. We can find a reason why it's a bad word like duty bag things like that air rewards a bad word Like that song just played before always look on the wrong side on a bad side of life That's the joyous mentality and like I told you before and he can call me 800 times a week if he wants jolly jow It ain't change enough in jolly jow It's jolly jow and clearance and joys and the Q a M wrecking crew is what it is I mean for him to call me and and just like parents you hurt it yourself come in this morning asking what what's my suggestion How about an h bomb, you know, maybe maybe that might be this suggestion W to Q a M hello I know you're sir Thank you, thank you clean in fact, you know just just like the ESPN radio thing I can't imagine how much if we turn the transmitter off and Then he'd be call me say how come we had a point oh, you know, and actually the embarrassing thing is we had the transmitter on ESPN radio my ass How do you do that a lot of grease W Q a M hello No, yeah, I'm not talking about that retard not the one in the White House the one you called you about the da Jones is 13 thousand Yeah, he for his that in nine the da Jones rich 3000 dollars in 19 65 Now at that time on you said like was five thousand dollars and you've been three thousand or so there Yeah, otherwise the dollar went When a way so it's worth about ten cents so the da Jones if you want to equal over you should be at 30,000 today but it's only at 13,000 So it's a retard it's perfect, you know most of the retard is buying it and who will I fool it as money or soon-pard it's here I get that exactly what it is But it's with another thing would like to mention about ten years ago there was a contest for high school graduate 50 country We're participating and the first 40 bases went to european and Asian countries and the last ten African countries and whatever anyway the US managed to be 47 just ahead of boondy and ringbubby right and at this I remember there was a bumper sticker cartoon in the US News and word report. It says my son in America can't stop stale better than yours on in Burundi. I mean that's sure you just see the education on the note that don't print up people are dead That's stupid. They are stupid because the education system is ventanda toilet. That's the problem Okay, it's going further than the toilet. Thanks for your uplifting commentary and whatever everyone and you too Thousand ninety seven votes out of full run to hurt your 1100. That's all we care about is getting paid getting free food and getting that poll Number way up there baby getting that poll way up there 10 97 and I bet you when we come back it's gonna be over 11 But I play the up to 40 times gran Everybody's learning The Everyone's on the but This has to serve the nation and all you might love. In push, fatherland, nation, I shall say. They gotta hate those who. And sentence if I roast who. Beneath everything we tell. And the state will run you. Let water water go, man. Feel of your hastal day. A roven, chainy, bush, man. Let the history we say. We don't find you see our jobs, though. We're vaccinated by chain. We're vaccinated by chain. We're vaccinated by chain. We're vaccinated by chain. Everybody's turned in fire. One, six, ten, five, six, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten and one guy, no speaking, ladies, he said it was good. So if you don't speak English, go see Spider-Man, you're gonna love it. Spider-Man trains to play. Number 2 QAM, hello. You like Spider-Man? Yes! That's it, that's our call. We do have 11, 14, no one to pull, Chris is very pleased about that. As you know it, and you notice the QA, there are only played ones. Was perfect. Good. Make sure you know the next time I do something like that, you pointed out on the ears good. Just like next time you start, you know, we have an extra spot that runs in the break after we come back. I'll be some point then. WQA, QAM, hello. QAM. That's what it says, that's all. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. Uh, we're gonna send it in. WQAM, hello. We're number one, David. WQAM, hello. I'm your save from work manners. Yes? How are you doing? Okay. Uh, they all just have a couple questions for you, then I'll hang up and listen to your comments. Yeah. Sounds like Reverend Jones to me. Really? Yeah. WQAM, hello. Hey Neil, I'm through his old number. If you think about that guy in the 24-year girl on break, got the motion. Yeah, how about you do? I bet you you have to lotion in your palm. WQAM, hello. Hey, good afternoon Neil. Yes, sir, good afternoon. You commented on the, on the, uh, day guy. I guess it was two of them that got offended and it's for learning a layerboard. Yeah, it was a prank. Yeah. Actually, I was there that night. You know, it is so freaking empty there close to midnight. But I, I kind of got to feel in the guy. I did it on purpose because it was two loud queens that were like, create and a ruckus wait for their luggage. Nice. I think you did it on purpose. But it was funny nonetheless. No, was that the Jeff, Jeff, Jeff, Jeff, whatever, what was that? Yeah, they, they quieted down after that. Oh, and on the light note, you know, your buddy stem. He's the North Carolina now. Who? stem? Yeah. He's the North Carolina. He's the North Carolina, a Jew in North Carolina. He might fail to North Carolina with his family. I'll be damned. Well, good choice. You got another there anyway. All right. Talk to you later. Okay. How do you like that? The stem, Iister. All right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pond, that's before your time. 5, 6 in the horizon, so you get a wireless time. WCWM, hello. Hey Neil, can I please speak to Dan Levittard or Joe Rose? Yeah, I go ahead, calm off, see if they'll talk to you. I doubt it. WCWM, hello. Hi, can I speak to Neil? Speaking. Neil, my, my ear. You're in the ear, yeah. Where am I? Shut up. WCWM, hello. I fell on my shoe, or I may never get. WCWM, hello. Okay, so don't waste your time with Spider-Man. Yeah, I wasted my time downloading. I think I've got an actually spend the night in Bucks to go see it. Really? I've got to throw the drama with the stupid girl. Wait the time. Wait the time. That bad, I'm just going to want to turn minus. Oh, I just, no. No. Okay. Wow. Well, I'll tell you one thing, the guy on TV here this morning, like I said, he ripped it in mass. He just, he just threw it to shreds. Wasn't a boring moment in it. Really? How can, I mean, you know, wasn't long enough. If I could, there was a lot of stuff going on. It was fun to watch. Well, there's a little abortion. Look at actually finally put some clothes on. Lord, there was a present and the queen. I think the queen might be shocked at that picture, don't you? Maybe. Who knows what she's born. Oh, God, what a thought that is. You like that, Prince Philip, you know, that book, the Royals by Kitty Kelly. And it said, Prince Philip couldn't give her ass out of his bed. I mentioned that the other day, did not frighten her. Let's keep mentioning it. W2AM Hello. Guys make the cent rose. W2AM Hello. Hi, I'm Bailey. W2AM Hello. Hey, you, how are you doing, buddy? Okay, sir. Hey, this is just quarter-slot guy. Uh, I heard you figured a whip was by Saturday. Yeah, I am. And I want to give him a go back to Vegas September. And I'm looking at extra jobs. I can tell him we went 30 dollars flat. Okay, great. Good luck, sir. Okay, pan handling sounds good in your case. W2AM Hello. You're a bad, bad guy. W2AM Hello. Any, I got one question, one comment for you. Yes. First of all, I got to tell you. I was a little disappointed about the fireman movie. You're talking about, yeah, a question. Is it possible to share your stuff with the cordless phone? I wish I sure wish in your case. W2AM Hello. W2AM Hello. W2AM Hello. W2AM Hello. Yes. Uh, hockey question from me. No chance. 560, 750, 50, 60, and the Verizon signal wireless on keep them coming, baby. Keep those hits coming. Well, what a shame, Rick Chorgus. Friday is it, huh? He pulls the plug. I guess. I'm not joining him, you know. You never know how much to Friday. W2AM Hello. Thanks, friend. Go, yummy. Yeah, amen. W2AM Hello. You're friendly. He throws hits coming. W2AM Hello. Hey, I think it's a listen earlier. Was there more complaints about Spiderman or does everybody, mostly negative to research, mostly negative. 560. Okay. W2AM Hello. W2AM Hello. W2AM Hello. W2AM Ola. Yes, sir. Got your good buddy's name backwards to see what you come up with. Okay. W2AM Hello. I got you big. W2AM Hello. 560, 560, pound 560 and Verizon signal. I don't think we can keep this going. I don't even know what going. What is it that you refer to? Whatever worries they're doing. And let's go. Yeah, you can keep it going. Okay. Good. I'm just one double second. Wanna make sure W2AM Hello. This is Eddie. Yeah, likely strike W2AM Hello. Junior. Get the swan down. W2AM Hello. Very popular. Okay. What is the sprinting doing from parties for two days at a queen's row? What the hell was it going to do when the guys are four hours? Yeah. W2AM Hello. Hey Neil, how are you doing? Okay, sir. I listen to you in George and Jim and don't worry about your rating since you get rid of the Marlins. We'll be changing the channel anymore. What do you guys actually go right to the Marlins? That's not so nice season. Well, I know, but I, every time the game comes on, I turn it off. I let's let me try turning off really early Thursday because Thursday run here at 1130. Well, I'll be turning off. Can you believe how much good one body? I love you. Okay, I do. Okay, buddy. And of course keep in mind that back well, the book was still going on. We had those two UN basketball games that took place right in there between nine and day. Remember those? No. You don't remember the two days that we left early because we had UN. Of course I do. Well, there you go. I'm sure Chris can refresh your memory without two by four. Boy, I'm sure that that helped when you got a. Oh, I know this. Yeah. I mean, there's only so many days. There's 12 weeks in the book. And all these other wannabes that come along. I've gone through this for a hundred years, just like Dickie Fargo and the whole host of others who have come and gone and vanished into no man's land. Oh, yeah. We are beat to hell on a meal. And I got Marlins there. And he's dying. You know, like I told you before, you can't talk yourself into it. Okay. You can't talk yourself into it. What if you do it a lot? It's still a work. Especially if you're not not just New Yorker with a big mouth who's despised by almost anybody. WQA in. Hello. Project for college. WQA in. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yeah. Feel please. Speaking, please. Hey, Bill. A long time listener. Just wondering what your views were on the comments that said they'd guess be good the ratings. I'm not I'm not getting involved with him. Okay. He's talking about the Q. We had a 401. He had a 22 which sounds higher to you. There's a four, which is higher for share or a two share. Oh, of course, for share. Well, there you go. Very good. Good math and I'm not interested. Let me just I just got through saying that. I'm not getting sucked into a phony war to try to bring him attention. Okay. It's so obvious. So it's so transparent. It's been done a million times. And I'm not going to do it. I've been around the block too many times. Okay. They absolutely positively blow is what they do. Love and 20 nine of the poll. I think we might have got to 12 of Chris would have been a little more positive during the show, you know? Okay. If you're going to take it a more proactive view on the show, as opposed to pointing out that my technical malfunction of the juncture. I'm not sagging in the church. Now you are older. You still have your hair. And your arch die broke. I heard you were splitting up with heavier wives. It's another day in the life. Last year your rage was 63. Time to let one move. Let's have a party for Pomegranate. Now you're 64. You're all over you. I'd like to say these words. Happy birthday to you. When the Beatles once were big news, John and George are gone. George had cancer, John got shot. They didn't survive. Good old wringo. He's still alive. Watch for the bus. Hold his arm with. In Japan on tour. Your wife doesn't need you. But lawyers will plead you. And you're 64. You're fair. I'm 32 at 5.60. I'm so scared to be these hourlys. Let me put it to rest right now. Anybody can go on your lie about ratings. They're off and do. And they're off and do. Here's the tended to between QAM and Waxi. Take it. I'm older. I'm older. 10 to 11. We have a 4.4 share average quarter hour. This is $9.254. average quarter hours of $9200. They have a 1.9 average quarter hours of $4,000. You got that? 4.4. $1,9. $9200. $4,000. 11 o'clock. We have a 5.5 share. They got a 2.2. We have 11,300 average quarter hour men. They've got 4,500. Again, way more than double. Noone. We've got a 3.5. They've got a 2.2. Again, they're stuck on that 2.2. Looks nice on you, by the way. Well, they need $300 for us. $5,700 for them with their 2.2. And at 1 o'clock, we have a 3.5. They've got a 2.4. We have 87.00. They have 6.100. Do they come close to us in any of the 4 hours? No. Not in terms of average quarter hour numbers. In terms of share or any other damn thing. A QAM they've got a kiss on because of Joe and a morning over there. They want to make a story. They're the numbers and we need them right off the page. So anybody wants to make a bunch of crap. And I'm going to talk myself when you're loud and you're from New York. There's nothing unusual. It's like a guy who's got a thing. Not unusual. It's not the first time that I'm saying. No. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 6.0. 6.0. Just absolutely desperate over there. That's all these things. I'll talk you later. Okay. I hope not. WQAM. Speaking. A couple of things real quick so you can count on your day. Have you ever heard of a swimming called Talkers magazine? Would you like a radio? Yeah. Some piece of crap. You've heard it? Said Joe. I don't know. I find funny stuff. They've rated you this year. I don't even know. I don't even know about it. I know how our students have said. What's the other point? Let's ask it on his old news. That's all these things. I'll talk you later. Okay. I hope not. WQAM. Hello. Fine, hello. It's the Queen calling. Yes? I don't want no one thing. Yes. Do you bow or curties? WQAM. It puts your ring in. Has WQAM hello? I'm going to. Yes, sir. Sounds like it's QAM. I was the big dog to come over and work for you guys. I'll blow the devastation around the waters. That's right. They would see me. That's really the only ratings they have is the morning show. Is that the way I should read that? No, they did pretty good in the afternoon too. But again, all their numbers were based on a big January on a bogus month. What I once said drops off in the next trend. Unless they have a gigantic April which I doubt. But unless they do, well, what's going to happen? What's going to happen? All these numbers are hour by hour. Numbers of X. These are the other stations just dealing with the final number. A Q number. I don't understand the question. You're going hour by hour. So the other station when they go and say they got the numbers or whatever. All they're doing is taking a toll. They had a good number in the morning and they had a good number after in drive. Period. Period. Yeah. I'd have a great day, pal. Hey, you two. WQAM. Hello. Final number. If you remember. They should take out a series of billboards saying, hey, we lie a lot. You know, that's where we're at. We lie a lot. If we don't got numbers, we'll make them up. Sounds like desperation to me, Joel. You lost the dolphins. You're going to lose Joe Rose. What else? What's your claim to fame? A lot of mouth from New York? Who can't go? Who wants to go running back? But can't go. There's no show to go running back to anymore? Very sad. WQAM. Hello. And you two questions. Why do you say that January was a bogus month? And what is the story behind Joel Fineberg? Like how they get his money out. I got the list. Because that is rich. That's why. Because they got a bunch of wired diaries in January. And it happens that happens to our station to every non-end. When you go along and get ones and two's men, all of a sudden, you got some big number in there that, you know, it's just obvious. The audience doesn't work that way, okay? Ratings don't work that way in real life. It has to do with wired diaries. But nevertheless, nothing we haven't had our share. And thank you so much. Thank you, I am, hello. QAM, hello. Hello. Yes. A meal, did you hear what happens in our power children? Yeah, so. Don't you think that's upsetting? Well, let me ask you questions. Sir, but let me ask you a question. Are you there? Yes. Can you handle it? Why would anybody care? Why would anybody with a life care about personal? Well, she does the share that night vision video. Yeah, okay. Oh, desperate, desperate. Desperate. Desperate. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir? Hey, it's been 11 to 12 hour. What if you put the litty and guilty? Yeah, or I'm not. Okay, we just might. Don't suggest that they just might do it. WQAM, hello. My, the recent gas prices I have by powering a few in species. And I still might use 0.0 for the number there between other men and I. We've killed it. The only by the ways you don't be going by box, as we've got no panthers no more. I have to see them over. And we don't want any part of them. So he's got a line of a crusty. Maybe guilty can do a morning drive over there. Just like all times. Maybe guilty and. Don't. Somebody else we all know in love. WQAM, hello. Neil, I'm a question. What's the big deal would happen that dolphins back on QAM? Who listens to a football game? People don't watch it on TV. People are kind of trying to TV, sir. Yeah, I mean, on the other hand, like the marlins. I mean, I'm not a huge baseball fan, but. Yeah, me, you're all here right now. I'm here at. How I wanted to hear when the game starts early and we get out of here really. Where are the exploding balls? Oh, you're alive. Hey, how is my eye? I don't want to throw a lie. Are you calling me a lie? Not all of those are liars. You lie. I'm saying spotter. I'm afraid I find it difficult. Fuck you. If it's a different game, no longer believe in him. Albert, old, dumb, balanced season, difficult. Just the only thing to land, though that nobody's to stand brave. Cool, try to pull, try to pull, cap it, oh, little rumble. I'm a wire, and I'm a loser. I'm a shame. It's a fault. You can't be perfect. No, it's my intro to plan. I'm a wild, wild, wild, wild, wild, wild. You can't be the party, you'll be country. One time, I'm a white, to dry, I'm white. How can complete the nile competition, throw away. How won't you make him pay, darling? It's a lie, yeah. Come this round, follow me, then the star of the burning, And call this him, oh, my Lord. If he tries to hide, if he will be united. He's not fuck this man, he's not fucked, he's not engaged, man, conversation. All the liars all the time, so many, man. 16 till 2 at 5 60 WQA, and 5 60, and 050, 050, pound 5 60, and the Verizon Seagular Wireless Line. WQA, and hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, I don't have a plan. I can still hear the thing in the background. Yeah, I'll turn that thing off in the background. Yeah, Jennifer Ram. What kind of work is she doing these days? I have no idea. Oh, I, you would bring a name to the business while back. I will interview, will you? What was your review on bar rat? I didn't watch it. Oh, I thought George gave you a... He did. Well, I didn't watch it. I didn't watch it. I gave it to a friend of mine. He's watching it. When he's done, I'll give it and maybe I'll watch it. All right. I'm interested in seeing what your view on a movie. Why is that? Because it's up to 4 or 5 bits to movie stunk. Well, that, I watched 20 minutes of it. The first this George sent me, and was the same joke over and over and over again. I just, yeah, it was, it was, I'm using it at times. But I didn't think it was all that great. You missed the best part of the end of the movie, sir. But you just got through saying it. Well, you just got through saying it, except for 4 or 5 parts you thought it's stunk. Yeah, but the 4 or 5 parts were watching. The rest of it. Soft. Yeah. Okay. Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. All right. So, we'll be reviews today, by the way. When you say the best. The, that's right. And no extra charge either for our crowd. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and leave a rise in singular wireless line. Nobody QAN, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. You guys doing the dolphin game now? Is Mo coming back? No, Mo is not coming back. For the dolphin gamer for any other purpose or to take a dump in the T-room. No. Yeah, I like Mo too. Yeah, well, I'm going to give you this whole number of invoking. You can go play a part cheesy with them. You can go meet him at the Sheffelboard court. Neil, it says here, what does QM mean? QM is the total number of people who listen during the entire week. It really isn't a situation for anybody who plays for much attention to. Because when your life's a listening shift is very, very short, it doesn't really mean much. That means you might have a whole bunch of people listen for 5 or 10 minutes. And then, all GDS enough of that, I'm not sure it's sound. And they go someplace else. That's what Q means. It's a rather meaningless stat. W to QAN, hello. QAN. Yeah, Neil, just a quick question. Is there any way to get internet rating? No. No. And also, whatever happens to that, I got you down, lady. You're in summers? Yeah, I couldn't stand her, but I loved where you used to mess around. Well, okay, we'll send a search for you. I don't think it's just like we did for her audience. W to QAN, hello. Not there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. For any week today, I would say, when you, now you wouldn't say. I wouldn't. Don't issue AN, hello. Fingel, any chance Jazz, the K, can fill in at night time? Yeah, Jazz, the K, he's loving him at night. He can hing it at point. Oh, my, cool. Do Michael. Yeah, just bring in the hall to hold the E-Losius. All the losers, yeah. Okay, well, I think we've already got a few in town. No. 5, 6, 7, oh, and you know, something somebody on the mice face wanted me to play the Drew. But it's like, what happened is long. The sure is. What? The sure is. It is. There's this, it's not the way. You're fairie. The pretty wade, no coming, you're not a show. I'll need your chance. It's always in the heart of love. Let it chew. Don't go to the world down. Don't move back. Don't run in so much better. We've now got to come and tell them about the K-Y. Don't we have to start to get much better? Now let me ask you something in here that, uh, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. It's very old. Ancient. You never know. It's not the feeling. It's very old. We've been in God in the heart. It's not the new day. What is though that you can keep this way? You bring. I'd want to let the nation as born yet with you. Don't go down. Don't go down. Don't go down. No. Hey, you. Don't leave your mind. Baby, you're so big. You better show. She never told you. You can't walk around. You're free. You're free. Okay, like I said. Yeah, I said. I thought Joey sucked. Well, good. And I'm sure he thought the same of you. But anyway, well, yeah, I said it was a little bit of that. And it was okay. Yeah, what are you going to do? What do you mean by that? I guess you're just going to go on. What do you mean now? What am I going to do? What are you going to do? Not now. What am I going to do? I'm going to go to lunch. I'm 49 by the way. I'm not going to eat any ice cream. I'm not going to eat any sugar. Good thing. I'm like you. How many QAM? Hello, liquorice. Oh, I'm. I don't even like. Jelly belly jelly bean liquorice. Who am? Yeah, how you doing now? Okay, sir. Yo, man. I wanted to hear that fit from you guys. Well, too bad. WDQAM, hello. QAM, Ola. Hey, you. Yes, sir. Hey, have a side dish. Yo, yours only one I listened to. I figured it was a matter of time before across the street caught up. The church ox trance, search what he or must be or they pat. People's asked us a lot more and you're speaking to us. Yeah. Your ox trance are old and crusty. Yeah, that's right. Okay, thanks. 560560. Come on. We got a couple minutes to kill here. Pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line. Yeah. WQAM, hello. Hey, deal. Yes, sir. Hey, how's it going, buddy? I'm right, Pally. Hey, it's. I got three things for you, man. That first first team got to go that can't invoke show. No, this team airs team, yeah. Bo is care up all number two. Curtis has got to go on the mad dog show. Is he killing him? Oh, man. He never heard mad dog. You're Curtis whole time. If all of you here is Curtis. Well, what's that all about? They got something going on in the web with. I don't know what's going on. I think you're in love with each other. Mad dog, you can't remember nothing. Yes, that's Curtis everything. That's the biggest problem there. You got it? T.I. have a philosophy that is keep the board up off the year as much as possible. But with all the respect to Chris, keep the board operator off the year. But nevertheless, even Robert we for the grim reaper to the Lord of the Board. And number nine. Hey. Yes. Number three, you got to let my man, the chorus like I talk with a more. He's very interesting guy. A lot of fun. You got to let my man, the chorus like I. You got to let him talk some more. You know, okay. What does that man talk about? I have no idea. No, neither is he. 1151. I'm the pool by the way. 1151 votes and food obviously went all the other. This is not a great pool. In fact, you know something. I'm looking through the pile of pools from Charlie B. And with all the respect, and we certainly appreciate tremendously. Of all the stuff he sent. But the rest I got, I wouldn't wish on Heinrich Kimler on a bad day. And what do you mean? What do you mean? They're just not good. And that's good. Oh, they're there, though. That's better than nothing. Well, is that what we want to do for the pool? Something that's better than nothing? That's what we do most of the time. Although I'm being a stepmother on the air between 11 and midnight. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. It would be better than. Oh, nothing. Wow. How do you do that? How do you have an hour when you don't don't have anybody? Stop to think about that. Okay. The transmitter is on the final tubes are glowing. And, you know, and we're blowing. 11 and midnight on a station like this with a point. Oh, and I get a call from Charlie Joe Bell. What are you saying? What are you saying? I think that you're a killin' us man. I think you and your partners in crime, the triple J Ranch. Josh Dero and Jolly Joe and Joyce. Killin' us. Destroying, butchering. But George Bush is doing too Iraq. You're doing too QA. But nevertheless, have a nice day, Jolly Joe. It's day out. You can't be chill. Watch solid. At five, six, so. W, Q, A, and then. You know, I just don't get this time, man. I turn on the MTV and I see like. The Angela looking all cool. He's got a shirt off and stuff and all the girls. We like it. How do I do that? I don't know how to do it. How can I be cool? I know why I'm not cool. I can tell you why I'm not cool. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. I don't have a card that goes full. Cause I'm too wide. Your way too wide. Don't. Wait. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Come on. Come on. Nice bike bike. Great bike bike.