10 o'clock.
This is Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk to Neil called 560 7 0 560 cold free, redede and browners.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh no.
For millions of Neil, his guests call his or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
If I'm gonna fuck on something, it's not gonna be an oyster.
All right.
I'm...
See you then.
Like a wise...
Christian.
Ha ha ha.
Up at the juice and get home old.
How I'd like to bury those guys feeling fairies, fructose, you know, the Bible like I know.
Oi!
I'm...
Like a wise Christian.
And how we all must think and act alike and not their things you never took appropriate.
Yeah.
Wouldn't make me wonderful.
Everybody in the world was right and Christian and looked the same and said the same things.
Morning.
I don't think so.
No.
To me, that would be paradise and the Republic of the Way.
I'm...
Seizing...
Like a wise...
Christian.
All right.
And how we all must think alike.
All the games blackened your lawn must die.
Okay.
Until everybody is Christian and...
What?
What?
10 out of 10 of five, 60 WQM.
I guess some of those white Christians are in mourning in Dade County today because the Dade County Commission yesterday banned discrimination against homeless.
And they were all sexuals.
How do you like that?
Ooooo!
Although the old spics on there, they of course did their best.
It was seven to six.
It was nip and tuck if I can say that.
The old Julios on there doing their best.
Metacone, metacone, metacone, metacone.
And of course we know they're all going to burning hell.
They're going to be on the lake of fire.
All the old Julios who voted no yesterday are going down that lake of fire.
Am I right?
I don't know.
So boy, where do we start today?
I've got so much on my plate today that I need the four forks and 10 spoons.
Yeah, sure was interesting hearing the booth through this morning which I enjoy him very much except for the fact there was only one thing.
And that is all you young whippersnappers on the Euroneastation.
Don't start sharing your expertise with us on stuff that happened before you were born.
Because I'm driving to work this morning and DeFos is talking about Red Barber which I agree with DeFo when that highly overrated.
I mean really coma inducing, you know, the Red Head.
But, and here's, who wasn't even born when Red Barber was doing broadcast.
Well, I've heard enough tape and better be better.
Yeah, right.
Okay, whatever you say, just stick to stuff that you know, whatever that is.
Stick to stuff, you know.
But Red Barber coma inducing.
Never still afraid to end.
And guess what?
He's dead.
Oh, by the way, I hate to break the news to Greg Cote.
Do I dare say this on here?
Because I know he's a closet listener.
I did prove you're silly column this morning about Joe DiMaggio.
And by the way, why do we have everybody in their brother in this town writing columns about Joe DiMaggio?
Am I missing something here?
I must be.
I mean, yes, he was a great baseball player.
And he's kind of like partly, you know, Simon and Garfunkel made him famous in the song.
And Marilyn Monroe made him famous, even with his ugly nose.
But I hate to break the news to Greg.
But guess what?
Everybody dies.
Where's that column?
I mean, just unbelievably stupid.
The stuff that gets written in this town.
One moment, please.
Here it is.
Here it is.
Joe Di's dignity is still healthy.
And there's a line in here that is so sensational.
Oh, here we go.
The boundaries of baseball and sport cannot seem to hold this name.
Joe DiMaggio is one of those icons of a generation who's disappearing name, seen somehow to speak of Americana itself.
Frank Sinatra and Roy Rogers left us this year.
Ronald Reagan and Bob Hope are fading from us.
I mean, they're going to die?
No.
They're actually going to die someday?
And Roy Rogers died?
Oh, God, Greg, when are you going to grow up?
You little punts.
You silly little puttwacker.
Greg Cotex, man.
No strings attached.
What a jackass.
Yeah, they're fading from us.
Well, I hate to break the news to you.
But you know something, Greg, here's even better news for.
That is even like ordinary non-solverities they die too.
That's the good news.
That's spirit.
That's right.
Just ordinary mortal people that nobody ever heard of.
Just lepers on the street corner.
Your next door neighbor, the guy down the street, the guy 10 blocks up the yard.
They're all going to die someday too.
So it's not like something special that God has said for Bob Hope or whoever else he mentioned in there.
Boy, oh boy.
Talk about juvenile crap.
And speaking of juvenile crap, by the way, thanks to my good friend Eddie Kaplan.
Great guy.
Always helps us out with our center one campaign.
Got a nice fact check from Eddie and Emile yesterday.
Thank you, Syria, a great American.
Always come through for us.
See, I told these people around here would come through.
We just have to, uh, prod him a little bit.
By the way, don't forget, shells this Saturday in Pemberpines that's unpindable of art.
Between five and seven p.m.
They'll be there, signing those stupid picture cards.
And most importantly, with our best of needle and merchandise, CDs and cassettes and t-shirts, et cetera.
So anyway, getting back to juvenile people.
Here's Dave Hyde.
And I know it.
I heard Hank going on a great life yesterday and rightfully so about this whole thing with the image of the gall star game.
He's just in the 10th by major league baseball.
The picture in there to help help all these forces to try to coerce this town and to coming up with public money again to build them a big stadium.
Because that's what they want.
More and more big stadiums, more and more bigger.
Remains it just never ends.
So the so here it is the very next day right on the heels of this because I knew that all these geniuses in this town are so easily manipulated like a bunch of puppets.
Right off the bat they're going to come up with all kind of creative ways.
Barry Jackass and Michael Mayo.
And out here's David Hyde.
He's the first one out of the starting gate.
By the way, speaking out of the starting gate that poor jockey, did you see that 4,000 times the Linda what I can't think of what her name is.
Got injured seriously.
It called her yesterday.
Horse pit peels in the backstrips went down like a ton of bricks and she went flying to got seriously injured.
But they showed that I got channel seven news on by default this morning and I'm reading the papers.
It's like in the background and they're showing that thing over and over.
You know, I hate to break the news to you.
You grave robbers there in the media after the first 600 times we kind of got the message.
Okay, it was a nasty spill and you got seriously injured and we're hoping for the best for it, etc.
But we don't need to see it anymore.
Just just absolutely praying on human misery and it is fortunate.
That's the media for you.
That's the TV people especially.
Every time there's a crash every time a when the space shuttle went up how many trillion times did we have to see that every time there's a plane crash and we've got footage of it no matter what the hell it is over and over and over again.
Thank God that they don't desensitize the public to violence anyway.
Thank God for that and for you.
So Dave Hyde starts out one of these stupid columns where he's got all these different.
These are his wishes for the future is 98 Swiss list number one.
Of course that Nick Yeros and John Henry worked together to plan a baseball stadium and here's Dave Hyde got all these ideas about all it will be here in downtown Miami and yada yada yada.
And what it could do for Miami's downtown what it did in Cleveland and Baltimore.
I've got news for you.
Even an H bomb isn't going to do for Miami's downtown.
Nobody is going downtown.
I hate to break the news to you.
Even Patula Clark she ain't going downtown not in Miami Dave.
Hate to break the nose sweetheart.
It ain't going to happen.
You're a dream and you're in a you're in La La Land.
You're a jackass and approve that Dave Hyde to jackass later on in the column under one of his wishes number three.
This is especially after last night's blowjob even Monica Lewinsky never was involved in a blowjob like the Panther game in New York last night.
Here Dave Hyde writes Terry Murray gets a break as opposed to last year the Panthers new coach has bench players needing benching.
Right like Ray Whitney and Dave Gungier right.
He is reinstilled a defensive system and defensive system on a team with no defense and no goal tenders.
He needs some players to get healthy and his team to get some momentum says Dave Hyde.
Right on the day that the team blows a lead in the wood less than a second to go six tenths of a second ago in a game where the goal tender was a human
Stib Sean Burke won't see him again too much anytime soon.
And a game where defense was non-existent man the only fence was like maybe around the building somewhere maybe in the back by the parking lot.
That was defense as Darnell might say.
I mean just these writers in his town you write craft you write cocka not just very jackass it's the whole bunch of them.
You're a bunch of bushly goofballs okay.
Greg Kotex suddenly decided to discover that people die even famous people even famous jocks like Joe DiMaggio might actually die someday even Ronald Reagan the Gipper might die one day.
Of course he was a jock too 400 years ago.
And now we got David Hyde who's got all kinds of creative ways because we need a new stadium.
I'm going to in a second I'm going to read you the attendance figures from last night talking games including in a couple of red new arenas that will build a great expense.
Ten minutes after ten to five fifty WQA M.
Where do you find Hank Goldberg?
Why where you got it?
Sports radio five sixty Q.A.M.
Oh my god.
It's been a few years since Bruce Springsteen has released the CD but now he's going back into the archives to find the songs that he once recorded as a child.
We're the Mac Matt Paddy Watt's new role alone.
Oh oh oh oh oh.
Mary had a little lamb.
It's place was one.
Oh from here he drags.
We're on the road.
Warning dude on lead young children listen to this tape.
Hook John Fonec strictly prohibits it.
A B C D G M.
Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa.
Yeah whatever comes after that.
Okay ten fifteen at five sixty WQA M.
So like I told you and you got the warning from Hank yesterday and it's in the papers again here today and you're going to be hearing a lot about it.
This is all a ruse.
This is all a big cover up to try once again to put the squeeze on this pound for somebody to come up with the money somewhere.
Of course public money is going to have to be part of it.
You people are going to have to dish it out whether you like it or not.
If this thing should pass.
If they should somehow squeeze it through to build another stadium because like I've been telling you for months now.
That's what's important in life in America.
More and more stadiums, more and more arenas, more sky boxes, more luxury suites, more club seats, et cetera, and so on.
So that owners can make a lot of money so they can pay assholes, illiterate jocks, millions and millions and millions and millions of dollars like Albert Bell, like the trouble making Albert Bell who signs for 13 million year, five year, 65 million yesterday.
So wait, well let's take a look and see what's happening in these new facilities.
Let's take for example national hockey league.
I just happen to have here in front of me the five game box scores from the games played last night.
Of course in the garden in Madison Square Garden, which they sell out every game and they will for the next hundred years, 18,200, that's capacity because the range has got a long standing, one of the original six teams and they packed that joint.
Even though the islanders will play just a few miles away on that saw in the Long Island, they play before half the F-MT crowds.
And even if they had a new arena, they'd still play in front of half F-MT crowds because they got a crappy team.
Here's the Boston Bruins in the Fleet Enema Center, okay?
Capacity, 17,565, attendance last night for Vancouver, 14,207, okay?
3500 MTC, 3400 whatever the hell it comes out to.
In fact that's on sold seats.
If you look in the game on television and you see all those yellow seats disguised as spectators or the other way around, then you realize that actually the number of people that showed up is a lot less than that.
Every home game in the Fleet Center, which was spent a lot of money to build that damn thing.
Although I think they did that with private funds, didn't they? I do believe.
Here are New Jersey and Washington, Washington cats playing in that brand new building.
19,740 is the capacity they played the devils in front of 12,297.
At least that's ticket sold.
7,500 unsolved tickets for that game in Washington DC last night.
The cats where they left the R out.
Ducks in the penguins, that's the game we watched most of last night.
I'll confess you didn't watch that much of the Panther game because quite frankly every time I turned it on it looked like a coma.
Coma inducing even with all the goals that were scored, but I did see the unfortunate ending.
But nevertheless, in Pittsburgh where they have all those financial problems, where they've got exciting players like Yarmul Yaga and Marty Stracke and Stu Barnes and the German T-Toff,
etc. and so on and a whole bunch of others.
Capacity in the Pacific Arena and the igloo was 16,950 something and 11,01314 was the announced crowd last night.
It was slim and grim. There were chunks of empty seats.
In fact, there were chunks.
The ownership was coffin up chunks looking around waiting to see the spectators who didn't show up.
So it sounds like 5,600 at least unsolved tickets and lots of people who did buy tickets or season ticket orders didn't bother showing up either.
Now I'll grant you the igloo is not a brand new building and they're talking there. They need a new building.
But there's nothing wrong with it. There's absolutely nothing wrong with that place.
And Ottawa in Nashville with their brand new building and expansion team that's off to a very, very good start from expansion franchise.
Nevertheless, 17,290 is capacity at Nashville. They have 13,902 which is about 3,500 unsolved tickets and probably many more empty seats, even though their expansion team is playing very, very well.
And the reason I read to those figures is because this myth, this bullcrap, this garbage that they keep peddling to us, see we've been very lucky so far.
This is a real out of the here because the location of the Macarena is such.
It's in a perfect location which I haven't told you for a long time.
Downtown Miami is not where people want to go Dave Hyde. I hate to break the news to you.
We don't want to go back to Downtown Miami. Do we?
No.
Absolutely positively not. For baseball, for hockey, for shopping, for getting mugs, for anything else.
Do we want to go back to Downtown Miami? No.
No.
And I hate to break the news to you. This isn't Cleveland and it's not Baltimore.
Both of which have decades, decades and decades and decades, long baseball histories, even though they both went through horrendous times and long droughts as far as attendance before they built the new stadiums.
But nevertheless, they're long established franchises unlike the Florida Marlins which you have quite frankly had at one big year that Wayne bought and other than that, forget about it.
There is no passion here for it. Absolutely positively none.
But you just watched now in the days to come. There are going to be eight million articles written and now they're going to put the big squeeze on and John Henry is going to ride in his horse out of the wilderness just like Roy Rogers if he could.
And he's going to be giving you a big song and an answer about, oh, we got to have to do this stadium and see we just they pulled the all-star game they acted on us and look at all the revenue we're going to lose in town.
And we got this poor crappy P.P. Park.
You know, I remember not too many years ago, my good friend Bill Calder and I used to go out to Calder, racetrack and we'd be up there on the sixth floor and you could you could watch as they were building P.P. Park.
I remember the days when there was no P.P. Park. Yes, Virginia, there was a time when there was no P.P. Park when it used to be Joe Robbie Stadium and even before that it wasn't built yet. How do you like that?
When it used to be just a big open tract of land, open by owned by the Morton brothers over there.
And there was nothing there. And now there's this stadium which has been there for all of 11 years. I do believe it's been over years it's been there and that's not good enough.
Nothing is ever good enough because we have to have more and more new stadiums even though we can't fill up the facilities that we already have and you certainly can't say they can't fill up P.P. Park because it's in a bad location.
It's in a perfect location. It's right at the daybrower line. It's right up. You drive off the turnpike. You drive right in. It's got its own entrance off the turnpike. Whoever heard of such a thing.
So they've made it so convenient. They practically are grab you by the ass out of your living room and carry you into the ballpark to make it so easy to get there and they still aren't.
Yeah and granted with the crap team that had last year losing 100 and eight games. They still you know there were average in about 20,000 people a game which is pretty damn good considering what a crap theme it was and considering the fact there's no passion for it here.
But this notion that we have to have another baseball stadium here that that's going to solve that that's going to be the panacea for the problems of downtown life.
You know something I bet you if we have a new baseball stadium there'll never be another fixed election in date count. Don't you believe that? Come on.
Build it and they'll never they'll solve all the problems of this town. There will never be another one like you.
More rigged absentee balance. More dead people voting. More Xavier Suarez running around like a madman and that's right.
If we just build a goddamn stadium, Dave Hyde. You and your sports cronies there. The so called sports writers we got in this town of plague on your house, mister.
You don't know your ass from your armpit. You don't know your ass from my elbow. You don't know your neck bones. Wayne's bald spot. Okay.
You don't know what you're talking about. Oh yeah, we're going to renovate downtown. I've been here in this. How many years have we been here in that?
All those great robbers over at the herald there. Tony Ritter in that crowd before they bailed out night. Ritter.
They all went to Silicon Valley there to seek their fame and fortune.
But in the meantime, he was there conspiring with Mickey Eris and the Polat deal. Pull the wool over everybody's eyes and at bullcrap for the American Airlines arena.
I've just a handful of blocks away from an arena that nobody wanted to go through in the first place. That white elephant over there that sitting there, which quite frankly is not much wrong with a building except it's too small.
It's just in a place nobody wants to go to.
People don't want to go to place it. For example, they build in Washington. They build a new brand new arena where they build it downtown. Is anybody going there? No, of course not.
They're playing with six and seven and eight and 9000 empty seats almost every game. Forget about the fact their team sucks, which they do. That's a separate issue.
But they can't fill that place for love or money because people don't want to go into areas where it's dangerous. They don't want to go where they have to risk their lives to pay a tremendous amount of money to see a very mediocre.
Half boiled sporting event. Half ass. And then go in there and pay like through the nose for a lausia water, beer or water, soda without a lid on God damn cup.
People are you know, it's just a question of how much do you want to be raped? That's what the question is.
Can I just change the subject for one moment here? Because I find I see and I do this with great reluctance.
Now I do it because I'm going to screw myself by putting this on the ear. I'm always trying to help people out. I know a lot of people are out there when the adkins diet and other diets.
And if you want to die to make sense, I mean, if you're on the low fat crap, I mean, forget it. You're going to be fat as a cow the rest of your life. Forget about low fat because it doesn't work. It's a con. It's a bigger con than the stadium bull crap.
Life is full of con jobs and blow jobs. And unfortunately, here's another con job for your low fat dives. They don't work. They're a scam. The whole concept behind them is totally fallacious.
Or did he say, Filetio, there you go again, more blow jobs. But I discovered something by accident yesterday is I was perusing in the supermarket.
In fact, I was looking for frozen vegetables actually, not frozen anything else. And I looked just to the right where the frozen vegetables were in this particular store, which is not where I usually shop. It never less.
And I see Tyson seasoned beef strips. And I look on the box and it looks pretty interesting because when you're on yet, one of the main problem when the adkins diet is, it's boring.
What can you eat? I'm hungry. You know what I'm saying? What can I eat besides hamburger's all a guy at the end time and hot dogs? How many we need? Can you stuff in your pussy? You know what I'm talking about?
If I'm going to stuck on something, it's not going to be an oyster. That's what I'm saying. So how many of the same things can you keep popping in your pussy before you get a little bit of variety for Christ's sake?
So I look at this thing. I pick up the box out of the freezer compartment. I look on the back, servings per container always when you buy this frozen stuff, beware or any of the stuff servings per container because you look in the carbohydrate total maybe a little bit of an allosite. And then they put on all of it 82 servings in this container and you find out you got the 250 grams of cups servings per container, three total carbohydrate, one, one gram per serving. So there's three grams of carbs in the entire box.
So I take this thing home last night, you pop it in your microwave for four minutes and it is outstanding. I'm sure I'll never see another one. I'll never see another box of it because now all these assholes are going to go out there to their store. They're going to be knocking the door down.
Pison season beef strips. I'm telling you they're juicy. They're delicious. They're seasoned. They're tasty. And you look on the ingredients on the back and they do have things like corn syrup solids and fruitose corn syrup.
But they're weighed on the list and the fact that it's only got one gram of carbs per serving. I mean, there's nothing in there, nothing bad in there. Perfect for the I can just exactly the kind of thing you want. Of course, you can be a little bit creative and you can take like I did someone at the graded cheese.
You know, I'm talking about that milk that that craft cheese in the in the stack. And you drop that on there. Then you pop it in your microwave and all kind of melts together. Oh my God. Well, first what you do is you heat this up for the four minutes, of course. Then you put your cheese on there, put it in for another 45 seconds.
And it is just outstanding. It was sensational. It was a beautiful thing. So I'm telling you if you're on the atkins and then maybe there's some other stuff that I haven't discovered yet. But that's the problem with me and the actions. It's boring. It's boring. It's terminal. It's pondress. And yes, even steak and lobster and hamburgers get really old and tired after what you want some.
And in addition to which you you can't sit down and make a steak every every time you want to meal, you know.
You can't run out of the house and run to Ruth Chris every time you want to meal. But if you have stuff like into this and how you pop it into microwave in four minutes and you've got something and there's a lot of stuff in here, by the way, what's the weight on this nine ounces.
And for whatever reason, I mean, it seems like a lot more because it's cut into small strips and you just keep popping in your place and it is delicious.
So there you go. As Neil loves saves your life again 1026 at 560 WQM.
Where do you find Joe Rose, Jeff DeForest and Steve Goldstein?
The first key right where you got it sports radio 560 Q.A.L.
That's son of a bitch. This cute two round trip ticket to Bay.
427.
One hotel room at Chikuzi, 270 dollars.
One eight ball of cocaine, 200 dollars.
Two teenage prostitutes, 400 dollars.
Hello Joe, we love you all.
The look on my kids face when he wakes up with a dead hooker on his lap, priceless.
Daddy!
There are some things money can't buy for everything else. There's master card.
1031 at 560 WQM.
So why don't we get back to an abortion at Game Last That in New York?
I will confess that we watch most of the penguins game against the ducks which should not have to be a great game.
How about that Marty Strocka, by the way?
Oh, sorry.
But that panther thing that abortion last that day again, fractions of a second left.
I mean, late in the regulation, Robert Spayler, who's just a nightmare, who Clark Spencer writes up with glowing.
I mean, it's big.
We turned the corner with the turning point of the season, the turning point of Robert Spayler,
because he actually hit somebody in a Buffalo game Saturday.
And I'm sitting here and I thank God I said it yesterday before the Game Last Night.
This man's writing more bull crap in your newspaper once again.
Another puff piece.
Another puff piece as the organization manipulates the newspapers to brainwash the public by telling them what to put in there.
It's just that old black magic again.
I'm sorry, we're back to Peter O'Relligan.
It's that old media spin once again.
And here's a stupid selfish idiotic penalty.
We've got the power plate.
Ticketing gets it bogus penalty.
Jovonoski falls down like a freight train and referee gets stuck in that with a minute 45 to go.
You got the lead four to three.
And going to be on the power play, the rest of the regulation barring some stupid unforeseen episode.
Like Spayler getting the dumb idiotic penalty with 18 seconds left as he's trying to pinch in on offense.
Like we need another goal there, your head four to three with 18 seconds left.
We need another goal.
No, we just need to keep control and they're in to get back on deep.
This is what we need.
Here's Spayler gets a stupid penalty.
He's in the penalty box.
So now they're playing even strength.
The Rangers pull out Richter and now we get the.
You could just see it unfolding with your with even if you were blind, you could see it coming.
As you're watching the little clock in a corner of the screen, accounting down towards zero.
And you're watching Sean Burke totally off to the left side as the guy in the right point.
Scott the puck winds up with a shot.
It deflects over to Brian Leach.
And here's Burke like in slow mo trying to get back and cover the wide open net.
Does he get back?
No.
Is the puck going to the net?
Six tenths of a second left.
Did they blow the lead?
Uh-huh.
And at that point, you're saying to yourself, this game is going to overtime now.
And I know that the Rangers are going to win this game.
Did we know for sure?
Uh-huh.
No question about it.
And Graves takes a shot from the top of the circle.
Another greasy goal.
How many greasy goals does Sean Burke let in the last two games?
Five in that Boston game up there.
And let's see out of five last night.
I would say maybe three to your four.
Eight or nine greasy goals into games doesn't make an actual hockey league gold tender.
I hate to break the news to you.
Okay.
That they were peddling us a song and a dance about Sean Burke and Captain Kirk.
Maybe Captain Kirk so far so good with him, but that ain't going to last too long.
So here's a team with no defense with no goal tending with no power play.
But other than that, Dave Hines is Terry Murray.
I deserve the team needs to get some momentum.
Get some of the injured guys back.
Right.
There you go.
That's going to solve the problem.
They another hockey expert in this town.
David Hyde as in the jackal and.
Guys just write a lot of stuff.
They take up a lot of column space.
They have no idea what they're writing about the fan.
And this is one of the reasons that people in this town can't discuss that topic is because they had where they're going to get any information.
That means anything.
They're going to read this sputum that's written in the newspapers by David J. Schvull by Michael Russo by David Hyde and Clark Spencer.
What he's not writing horse racing is a hockey writer now.
And whoever else they got writing it every once in a while.
Guys who couldn't get arrested at a penny rate.
I mean, they have no idea what they're writing about.
As opposed to like a real market where you go in and get to sports pages and it's a high.
You sit down.
You can kill hours on a plane reading a real newspaper.
Like I said yesterday reading that Dallas paper on the sports section.
Four solid pages of hockey coverage.
Not just on the Dallas stars, but the whole league and stuff that's really going on including opinions and analization and people are really
thinking what they were talking about.
You get the Toronto Sun.
You can see the whole trip two hours and 40 minutes from Toronto back to Miami.
You can sit there reading the Toronto Sun and still not finish including about 30 pages in the sports section.
Get a newspaper here.
You might as well wipe your ass with it because that you know,
although the print does rub off real easy.
So be careful where you stick it.
But that's about all these newspapers are good for us to wipe your rectum with and that's about it.
Because you got little league guys writing little league silly columns that have no idea what they were writing about.
And then they just get manipulated by the organizations and put in there whatever they tell them to put in the paper.
What kind of crap is that?
That column yesterday that Roberts failed a column by Clark Spencer in your Miami Herald was one of the dumbest, most irresponsible, idiotic pieces of turd.
I have ever seen in a major market newspaper in my life.
And you saw the evidence of it last night. It was right there in front of your face. Even Ray Charles could see it.
Welcome to Miami boys and girls a real, real bush league town.
But we need a new stadium.
We need a new stadium like we need we need community hemorrhoids.
Okay, that's how badly we need a new stadium like we need everybody in town to pop a roi at the same time at the counter to.
Let's do it. Okay, one, two. Thank you.
Everybody just popped a big oozing purple roi. It's a counter to in this town a community roi.
Now that we've done that now we can work on the stadium. Okay, Dave Hague, Jack As you idiot you simple than you see these sportswriters.
It's a self-fulfilling thing with them because you know, not that they're selfish or anything like that.
But I mean, they're sportswriters. They make their living. This is their livelihood.
It's the covers supposedly major league sports or whatever kind of sports we got here.
And if we start losing major league sports, then they really realize what bush leagueers they are.
Because then they're writing about silly stuff like a college sport and high school stuff like that.
So there you go. Let's have that new stadium. Let's extricate the money from everybody's wall and speaking of extricating money by the way.
Police raid six casino votes because in Florida, we're not only putting people that they got two pot plants in the backyard in jail for 30 years, but now good old Bobby Butterworth and Ken Jenny are added again.
Florida Attorney General Bob Butterworth and Broward County Sheriff Ken Jenny dressed in dark suits posed for the cameras in Hollywood as the sun crew six bolt was unloaded last night.
BSO deputies working through the night removed two hundred twelve slot machines in about thirty blackjack table.
All right.
Because they said they weren't given the the customers a fair shake and of course more important than that.
They were gambling within the three mile limit.
Oh my god.
How do you like that?
And how many years have I been screaming about that? It is okay. God will say it's okay because that's the law.
You go three miles offshore. You can plunge your brains out. You can gamble on anything that moves.
But if you're within that three mile limit, baby, you're going straight to jail. You're going to hell. You're going to burn on it like a fire.
And having just come back from Las Vegas where everybody was having a good time, even though they were losing their ass like me.
And I sit here and I look at this crap again in South Florida where they're rating and shutting down the cruise boats because people haven't reached the three miles out there in the middle of nowhere.
To gamble and they're removing slot machines in blackjack tables. I got to my say to myself.
This is a backwater. God damn places what it is.
This state will never enter the 20th century. The rest of the country, the rest of the world is ready to enter the 21st century.
And this town, this state will never enter and never get close to the 20th century. We are locked. We're frozen in time in the dark ages here.
With a bunch of the end of the halls, a bunch of goody two issues like that jackass Bobby Butterworth who's always been a jackass and evidently Ken Jennings try to outdo him one.
There, well, that's the law. You know, there's a million goddamn laws. Okay. There's a million laws and there's a million stupid laws and that's one of them.
If it's immoral and illegal and horrendous and terrible to be gambled, then there shouldn't be legal to do it anywhere. Okay.
I didn't see one person in Vegas who was sitting there crying, gnashing their teeth. Why am I here? They dragged me in here. I can't get us.
I didn't hear anybody doing that. Everybody's running around or having a good time. They got smiles on their face, their laugh, their puking, their screaming, their yelling. Whatever they're doing. Having a good time.
Can't do that here because this is Florida, baby. It's ill-eagle. The old people don't want you to have a good time and certainly the goddamn the Nazis that run this state. They don't want to have a good time.
Twenty before I'm not getting to you. Twenty before 11 at 5.50 WQM. That's where you fudge back him.
Alright. Let's find out who's the state's Arabianizar. And now they're calling it throw-play-your-part.
Alright.
And that's the new team that got under wear man.
I never realized how good it would feel being glad in my jockies. That's a football field.
Oh, now it's B.P. Part.
Yeah.
Yeah. So good. Now what we got to put on this stadium so we can get the all-star game and we can get the whatever the house goes on in there. Okay. And a whole bunch of stupid bowl games that they'll be ever heard of before. That's what we need in this town. That was training out right.
Okay. Here's Jeff. What is it?
We're the T. Here's Jeff from Channel 70. Hello. Hi Neil. How are you? Okay. What's your last name?
We're all I see with an IER. Why am I I should get in bad. I'm getting old.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Alright. Excellent. That'll teach that Bobby Butterworth and Ken Jenny to waste their time and ours too. You got it. I 1130 tomorrow. They have an emergency hearing and court and they're hoping to get all their spot machines back in.
Thank God. Thank God for something. That's why I'd give you the update. Now.
Jeff and tell Diane Magnum that piece they're really stuck. Alright. Thanks. Okay.
So there you go. There's the good news. They're not going to take it sitting down. Good old gust there from some crews with that Greek last name. What's his last name, George?
I got it here somewhere. Huh? He's some Greek guy. You know, probably related to a book of Brian drill friend.
But anyway, they're going to keep sticking him out there in this balloon. You know, people want to gamble. Okay. I hate to break the news to you.
And especially on this radio station should it be any kind of a surprise that their people like to gamble?
That holds wrong with you people up there in Tallahassee. And what's wrong with you, Ken Jenny? Are you saying all these people that you get elected to office and right away they decide that they're going to be dictators.
They're going to be the moral dictators for everybody. That's not why people electing the office.
You elect a sheriff to office because you want somebody who's going to help make the county safer. That's because you want them out there rating God damn cruise ships.
Confiscating slot machines. I'm going to tell you something right now. If you live in Florida, the one thing that you learned, forget about the devil, forget about purgatory, forget about the lake of fire.
The one evil thing that exists in the world is slot machine. That's right. There is nothing worse. And I'll never as long as I live, forget that.
Astana editorial. I think it was in a hero that could have been the Satskums and look at their both the same.
The last time we had casino gambling on a ballot in his God for Sakin State. And they had I can remember almost verbatim. I almost peed my pants when I read this editorial about how the permutuals extract the money from you.
Gingerly, whereas the casinos did just suck the money out of your wall. The permutuals. It I'm sitting there losing my ass at Poppano Park Monday night and granted not not you know the same volume of money I would lose in Vegas or did lose but nevertheless that's my choice.
There's certainly no limit on how much you can plunge at the track. And I'm thinking of myself, oh, but this is great because they're extracting it from me lightly. I'm only losing like 15, 20, 30 bucks a race.
You know, they're extracting it from me lightly. It's like lightly killed. It's that same philosophy. Whereas in Vegas, they hit you over the headline before you know what you're out to grand.
They practically rape you. They steal it out of your pocket. Don't they? Oh, yeah, they force you to gamble. They stand here at gunpoint and I mean, they these yokels that write these newspapers and that run this state. You're in a goddamn stone age.
You're in the dark ages. I'll tell you what we need in this goddamn town. We need to have the for this band government and let the mob take over this state. Okay. Like they used to years ago back in the 40s.
Let the goddamn mob take over. Let's go over there on Golden Beach in Hellendale if there's still any left over there and let's recruit some mobsters and let's put them in office. Okay.
We'll have gambling. We'll have cat houses. We'll have fun for everybody and I guarantee there won't be any crime on the streets.
You've got any crack dealers want to screw around downtown Miami once those boys take over. I got news for it won't see them no more. They'll be like Paulie and the Godfather. That's right. You won't be seeing them no more.
That's what we need in this goddamn state. Just like just like goes back to the it always comes back to the same thing you were saying yesterday.
There is nothing to do here. There is absolute and that's why I started to say before we're doing real great at the macarena because it's in a good location. It's safe. It's clean. It's easy to get there for a lot of us and it's something to do.
I mean, certainly most of the games that have been in there have been garbage. I mean that Bruins game you could read a book in that game the Vancouver game.
The Detroit game. I mean, oh, geez, the majority of games that have been played in that including the Chicago game which we want to do about another coma inducing event.
And they're raping you for the refreshments and whatever else you want. But the fact is it's something to do to get out of the goddamn house.
Because this is one of the most sterile goddamn places on the face of the earth. I bet you there's more to do in Calcutta than there is in South Florida.
Even in Tampa, even with all those red next they got over there. At least they got the mom's weenies and they got 400 that's right.
Six places over there in Tampa. That's one thing they got. But over here it's like the same old repress repress repress repress repress. You know, Madacon Madacon Madacon whatever the hell it is.
What am I getting all worked up about here? It's almost 11 o'clock and I haven't even taken a breath yet.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, how you doing now? Okay, sir. Listen, this thing about the boat. Is that unbelievable unbelievable unbelievable?
Unbelievable. That's what I know what? Unbelievable. Yeah.
Yeah, let me ask you if you think I don't get conspiracy type things, but this saw Kirsner and the Queen. They just opened up that what do you call it over in the Bahamas?
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. You think it's you think the Queen has pull over here? Well, I think the Queen is pulling it and get a new phone. Okay, your phone blows.
Okay, we have nothing much on the board here.
I have a couple of calls and that's it, which shocks the hell out of me. Two open lines in day two and powered five six seven oh five 60 and pound five 60 on the mobile one line.
Shock the live and crap out of me. I'll take it there right now. People ought to be fired up and pissed off is what they ought to be.
I'm not sure about what, but and the Panther fans again, you know, a shocking a devastating blow job in New York last night.
Even Rudy Giuliani never saw such a shocking blow job in New York is what happened in Madison Square Garden last night and these people are the cats got their tongue.
The cat from the Panther cat has got their tongue. Maybe they're afraid Brian Murray might be monitoring. Okay.
Maybe Yarshalov Spashek might be a monitoring these calls because it would seem to me that if we really hit see there, there isn't any passion for anything here for anything.
Freemials. Yes. That's about it. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Neil. We sure like our females on this show. Yes, sir. Okay. Two ways, two places that can understand why they've been built for stadiums down here. Yeah. The Miami arena.
If it was done right the first time, right, if they would have made it big enough, we wouldn't have had to read do wouldn't be in the Macarena because who who would thank God that they didn't because then we would still have to be risking our life and making that long trip to Miami every night.
So thank God they screwed up. Yes. Because we would have cropped basketball on a hockey team long before fifth, but we showed them the Hollywood sportatorium.
Mm-hmm. And that was a great place. And it's not only was it a great facility, but it was a picnic to get that great. Yeah.
Yeah. Too late and it was a dump. Mm-hmm. And also too. Yes. Whoever gets romantic about the orange pole. Go back there for a game.
Oh, and those people got a memory lapse. No, it places a toilet man. It is a toilet. It's a sewer. It's a filthy disgusting. It always has been.
Yeah, because I was there for Florida. State Miami. I stole about I was there for a dolphin red skin game about 500 years ago.
And I'm going to tell you that was the most unappetizing place. You sat there. You had to bring your own preparation age because you got hemorrhoids from sitting on a cement or whatever.
And you were sitting on it. It was just a nightmare that you couldn't go to take a leak because they were no places to take a leak. You had to take a leak like next to your seat.
Oh, and it's like you there's people fighting there all the time. I have like six or seven fights in my section all along.
Oh, yeah, but that's carried over to the new stadium. So that's a good news for you. Still have that at the P.P. Park.
But I can understand. Listen, I don't want you to be so negative. You better get with the program because they've hide in these media guys and very jackass.
They've decided we need a new baseball stadium. So you better crop up some money pound get with the program. Okay. Stop being a nace there.
We want a new stadium right now. We want to build a lot of new big new stadium. No, I'll spend hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars because God forbid we should ever lose baseball.
We need baseball here. Right. We need to and it's going to really clean up downtown. Are we all going to rush downtown if we get a stadium down there. Yes, we are.
Quit being so God then never you better get with it, man. You better get with the program.
Because this is the American solution for the 90s, baby in the 90s are almost over. Thank God.
This is the solution to all our rules. Bigger and better stadiums than arenas and venues and menus and all kinds of ripoffs of crappy food that even my dog was turning their noses up at.
Yeah, you get a small weiner at the at the Macarena. In fact, when I walk in, I said, no, thank you. Already got my own.
We have two open lines in Broward 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line 1056 at QAM 8.
Where do you find it, Kaplan? Right where you got it?
430 560 QAM.
But Neil Roger show now on 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Look at the **** son of blonde man.
They asked me how I knew that Neil was a Jew.
Oh, I just can't say yes, you may be gay, but he's different in one way.
Oh, look, I'm his head you find a spot of the city.
Oh, they when you sit down is from and looks at empty phones.
There's a young.
I'm his dog.
Oh, I've been.
So we don't have to pay the whole lot. That means we don't have to be so nice to our slaves anymore or just talking little biblical stuff here during the break.
We have a two lines open and day one in Broward. They just don't hold on to any long 20 minute breaks, but that's okay.
I'm accustomed to it now. 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line as we search out some midweek passion here in this town.
Is there any? No.
Are they fired up about that game last night? No.
About that cruise ship getting rated last night? No.
Are they fired up about anything in this town? No.
Joe, the measure might croak someday. No.
I want somebody to call up Greg Cotex. Okay. Call up his voice male at the hotel and tell him guess what someday he is going to die.
Oh, God. You'll freak out. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. How are you? Okay, sir.
I just went from I 75 to the stargrass and went through the toll.
Who's Pat Solano? How much of the kids are going to get an extra name that the arena?
I don't know. We got the streets and highways named after people in this town.
I've been here for 23 years and I never heard of half of these people. Sounds like another car barge of deal.
Yeah. Have no idea. Maybe somebody will call in and lighten both of us. Okay.
That'd be one. We'll learn something. Have a great day. Okay. Who in the hell was Pat Solano? Anybody know? No.
I mean, not that I care, but this guy saw his name on a thing. I see these different roads with names.
In fact, there are, we have streets named after a convicted criminal politicians, you know.
It's wrong with that. How about Xavier Suarez way? That's the way we like, what's the way we like to do with the Xavier Suarez way?
That's the way we like to do it. Rig elections, rig petitions, commission or sunrise. Pat Solano.
Yeah. I know what you want to know. Dead? Pleasant past? I don't know who that is.
Well, I mean, once you start getting in these little, I mean, we've got 8 million little municipalities.
Okay. You got Pembroke Pines. You got Plantations. You got Sunrise. You got Golden Beach.
You got Hallendale. You got Kendall, which doesn't even really exist technically. You got South Miami.
I mean, what is this? Is there, I've been asking this question for 100 years. Is there like any real city and data browser?
No. Of course, I mean, there's high alia. That's not a real city. It's as close as you might get.
There's a major metropolis called Hallendale. That article the other day about that rave concert there over the weekend.
Oh, a major metropolitan area like Hallendale. I mean, are these people on their mind or what?
I think they've been doing drugs with Sunny Rosenberg or something.
Here's a mobile and Pembroke Beach. We're talking prescription drugs, of course. Pembroke Beach, hello.
Yeah, Pembroke Beach speaking. Neil, funny as you just mentioned that. I'm on my way to Amsterdam. I'll be working there next year.
I'm the guy who calls you every so often from Barcelona. You're going to be working there next year?
Yeah. We had an office about six years ago. We're in brokerage, but of course we couldn't keep the young people off the weed.
And we had a lot of problems in the afternoon, but you know, guys, you'd come back and they'd be what?
Yeah, I'm on. But excuse me, I'm coughing. Yeah, I believe.
Yeah, this guy's practicing. This guy's practicing.
So I'm still on. Yes. I'm sorry. Go ahead.
We're going to put some over guys in the office. Hopefully they think that none of us over 50 have been part of the meat generation.
Well, listen, if you need somebody who's a real good worker, me, how you doing? Just fine. I've listened to you for 20 years down here.
You're a great guy. And what you say about this town is absolutely right. I dread every time I have to come back to the States. It is just a hellhole.
They want you to suffer here. They really doing the least we're not letting them down anyway. I'll tell you that.
I want to tell you a quick story about Vegas. I think I appreciate this. You were saying, you know, I like grab your money.
I was in Vegas years ago with a friend of mine at the MGM with you. I know you love. Yes.
And we were playing Blackjack. And he was, you know, he was getting a little streaky. He was, uh, maybe a couple of thousand dollars.
You should have seen how the pit bosses kept changing the dealers in order to try and break this guy.
Yeah. Because they don't like people winning. I don't care what you say. Yeah, maybe the slots, you know, once in a while they, they, uh, they give away some.
They're making a little bond. Yeah. Activity off of that. And I'll tell you the truth. They really don't, they're going to make money.
They're 100% focused on making money. Like us here at WQM, we're not here to entertain anybody. I mean, if we do it by accident, that's fine.
We're here to run a lot of spots and make a lot of money. That's all. And I'm the only one honest enough to tell you that.
As a public service, we're here to make a buck. I appreciate your honesty.
Okay. Have a great day. I'll see what that means in Dutch. Come on. Somebody teaches Dutch here. Okay.
How come nobody has called me about my Tyson season beefstips? I'll tell you the reason why they're all racing that their neighborhood supermarkets right now looking in a freezer compartment. They're just, uh, I guarantee I'll never find these again.
These are sensational. I mean, usually you buy frozen stuff. Yeah. You know, not that good, especially when you make it in the microwave. You know.
But this stuff is juicy and tasty and delicious. You probably haven't had meat in your mouth like this in a long time.
And if I can say that, that's quite a quite a compliment. Where we going? Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing now? Okay.
First time calling a long time listener. Great. That's excuse me. I'm a little nervous talking to the one I'm only meal there. But nevertheless, anyway, it's about the cruise ship thing.
Yeah. I don't know if anybody brought it up because I've seen it in a little late. But how about all those people out of a job now before Christmas?
Well, the guy called it from Channel 10 before we said that they're going to bring another ship down in 730 night. They're taking off again.
I mean, that's kind of that's really, really ridiculous. Yeah. Right before Christmas.
Our sheriffs in our politics and our hearts are even wasting their time. The grinches that still Christmas from the gambling people. Right.
I'd say I just wish them all the best of Christmas myself. That's all I got to say. Yeah. Thanks, pal. I hope that Bobby Butterworth isn't interesting.
The former day of Broward County Sheriff and the curl once conspiring there. The grinches who stole everybody's good time. You know, even as oh, it's picking a good times. You see how this all ties in together.
I was going to mention this yesterday. I was reading about Esther Roll and her funeral in Pompano. And of course, we all know that she was from here and went to school here in Yadi Yadi.
And when she died last week or the week before, I was talking about the fact that good times she played this real stereotypical anti-mama kind of character.
And I was unaware of the fact that she quit the show at one time in protest over Jimmy Walker over the character and over the fact that they were perpetuating stereotypes.
And evidently she, you know, she took the role. That's with one or two else in the lead. She took the role in the show because obviously, you know, she wanted to work.
But I mean, she was a vigorous fighter against stereotypes in the media, which television continues. You know, all gay people are limparasted fags and all black people are step-in-fetched goofballs and are illiterate.
And all Julio's are like a Ricky Ricardo. So, you know, there you go.
Nine minutes after 11. I say we have one month that we take all the newspapers and we don't let them publish for one month and we turn the TV, all the TV channels off for one month in America.
You would see a return. It would be like a major miracle. It would be like a gigantic douche of American society, like a big, like somebody stuck a big enemy to write in a heartland of America right there in maybe Capica or St. Louis right in the middle of the country.
Because they're just, they're just full of crap. Speaking of crap, by the way, I did after the a Panther game ended after that crap.
Flip over for the first time in a long time and there was our show on Wami and the audio was actually audible. It was perfect. It was actually a pretty good show.
And of course, I'm talking about stuff that was like way outdated and we're going to be at the pizza loft tonight, which of course we're not, but nevertheless don't be picky about it. And also still didn't get that check from Wami from last week.
I just mentioned that in passing again. Next time you talk to our good close friend Rob Kaplan, ask him where my goddamn check is since they finally got the show all straightened up.
I'll tell you something that'll straighten your ass out and that's a pint of Ben and Jerry's fish food. Now I say a pint because once you start eating it, you're not going to eat like a few spoons full.
I mean, unless you're some kind of a lunatic. Once you start eating, when you put that spoon into the container, and of course you will put the spoon in the container.
I don't know anybody saying who takes and scoops out a little Ben and Jerry's out of the pint into a bowl. I mean, get serious. You don't have time to waste for that.
You get that Ben and Jerry's fish food or you get chocolate, the cherry garcia or regular cherry garcia or New York super fudge chubby, chubby, chunky, monkey chocolate chip cookie dough, heat bar crunch, dashed or the mash. Any of you, Nick, an unbelievably great delicious flavors.
And you'll say this is like dying and going to heaven. Even Joe to measure is waiting for this. That's right. He's ready to put his head on the pillow just for a piter to a Ben and Jerry, especially the fish food.
It's unbelievable. Ben and Jerry's in just ice cream. It's an addiction. Pick up 20 or 30 or 40 pints at your favorite supermarket or convenience store or gas station. They're all especially your mobile stations, by the way, have them or visit the two Ben and Jerry scoops shops in Miami.
There's one in the adventure mall between blooming dails and the AMC theaters and one in Miami Beach at 760 Ocean Drive Ben and Jerry's it is absolutely the best in the universe. Even an Amsterdam, they're sucking up and the ice cream too.
This is 560 U.A.M.
I'm glad you're welcome. Beautiful. In toy stores now from the makers of pickle me Elmo. It's the all new take that thing out of me Elmo.
Mom, Elmo's taking my temperature with his hands. The new take that thing out of me Elmo and coming soon, the vibrating Elmo.
Mom, I think I'm falling in love with Elmo. Well, in toy stores now. Well, well, well, well.
I'm not thinking of that whammy thing. At least it's good for Jeff Cohen to probably do some extra business tonight. People who saw that show last night where I'm saying tomorrow, that'll be a pizza loft, etc.
And so I won't be there, but Jeff Cohen will be there with a lot of good food at the pizza loft. Nice be plug for their Jeff be can available five burgers.
It's 1115 a Q.A.M. So somebody who actually is me a thing, you know, this. Why don't we just start our own newspaper? I know it takes a lot of money, but I mean, just like even the weekly reader will be an improvement over what we got here.
From page 2D in the hero today, did you look at this? The headline says, Jackie in serious condition, except of Hughes injuries not known. This is Linda Hughes who got injured seriously, which you saw 20,000 times on the news this morning at Calder yesterday.
And then the article goes on the Floyd family has kept the office depot father's unchallenged stuff. It goes that about rants. It's an article about golf. It doesn't say anything about the Linda Hughes or anything about the headline.
That's on page 2D in your hair. This morning, just in case you're assuming I'm making this up another great example of the left hand, don't know what the right hand is doing. And we just got to fill up a lot of crap on some pages in between all the pages that are filled with ads.
Jesus Christ. That's what we need in this town is a goddamn real newspaper. Forget about a stadium and another arena. We need a newspaper in this town. A real newspaper to come in here and put these bastards out of business.
A non-pandering newspaper, by the way, when it'll really tell it like it is instead of bending over backward to the point where they need a battery. Yeah, they got a battery. A car practice down there at one hair.
Because they're always bending over backwards so much. And then of course there are friends in a Cuban community stick it in their back. That's right. Like when Xavier Suarez, remember when he was losing his mind there.
And calling and leaving messages on a while when he was in the process and calling and leaving messages on the other answering machine about if they didn't stop threatening that they were going to stop spending city money.
With those ads in the herald. Oh, geez. Absolutely positively unbelievable. The Cubans hate the herald. The anglos hate the herald. The sparsers hate the herald.
Here's the North Miami. Hello. Yes, sir.
Rangers rule. Yeah. No, that's not that. See, there's a real. There's a great hockey call for you. Rangers rule who played a real crappy game by the way last night, defensively, who my character couldn't have stopped the watermelon from 20 feet away.
But Rangers rule right because they won a game last night. I got news for you, sir, with a team. You look at a team with that much talent on there for crying out loud. All these guys, they picked up John McLean. They got Kevin Stevens, 28 drinking. They got the greetski, of course.
They got Brian Leech. They've got all these other guys. They've got Peter Nedved now who played a way over game last night. They got all this talent on there and they're still underachievers for whatever reason, but they want a game last night. This man, this is the comment you get just like the jet fans. You can't have an intelligent conversation. And of course the pants or fans have we were from any of them today.
No, is there any interest about last night to the buckle about last night? I mean, there was a turning point. Have we heard anything about that? No. Okay, just checking. Got that Buffalo game tonight. I'm sure they're waiting in the great anticipation for a lot more fist fights in
the balls in a game in Buffalo tonight. We're going to score six again against Tasha tonight. We're going to score two and they pulled them out of the game. We're going to happen again. I doubt it. Two open lines in date, five six, seven, oh, five, 60 pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Boca. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. Yeah, this thing with the cruise ship just absolutely disgust me. I think our law enforcement has done nothing but become legalized piracy. Mm-hmm.
I'm sitting there watching TV last night and I see I still hope they're having a good time with those slot machines by the way they're probably down there yanking them right now. Yeah, what's up with that? You know, no arrests are made, but all the equipment and the cash is confiscated. Yeah, well just like they said, it was just grandstanding. It was just another media event. Just another high job. They had the media there and they were there with their big suits on and everything. Just another media high job. They're prospering. Yeah, but they made sure that they got all the.
Yeah, you know, the valuables. Yeah, the same way they do if they catch you with a joint in your car. Right. The cars all you have then gone. That's right. Now we're getting back to that lost rights book again. Yeah. And they make you know, you could probably get all your property back to higher law. You're in paying, you know, $5,000, $10,000 something like that.
Would you remember what you'll never get back? Yeah, exactly. I mean, all they do, you know, they sit on under the trees and write traffic tickets. You know, it's turned into a four profit agency. That's it.
It's a police state pal. It disgusts me. Hey, I'm the guy that sent you the facts is yesterday on the on the restaurants and Florence. I don't know if you got those or not. No, never got that. Didn't get that. No, I'll come through. I didn't get through all on this. Try it again. All right, I'll send it back through the day because you have, you know, you had a call. I looked for a couple restaurants. I knew a couple over there. Okay. Have a good day. Thanks a lot. See you in Trenza. Not. We have an open line a day. Well, it's okay. We go to Italy. It's good for a day or two at most. They are two then get on with it.
Open line a day. What in Broward five six seven oh five fifty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. This is amazing to me. You know, I go to those hockey games thousands, literally thousands of people are like there. They're they're clawing at my shoe at my toenails.
They're all going. Yeah, good. But, you know, there, there's absolutely no ability to have any intelligence conversation about it in this town. They don't know from it. They don't understand it. They got them to say about it. And even after last night, shocking the buckle. They're in the garden. I mean, just just on a track.
It was like like I said, like we were suspended frozen in time. And you can watch the last three two one second, pick off the clock. And the last one second was like expanded into a hundred years.
And you can see the puck slowly sliding over to Brian Leake. And you can see Sean Berk that like I'll never get back over there, which he did not.
And you can see the puck sliding into the wide open that as the tenths of a second clicked off each one like a hundred years. Each tenth of a second was like a hundred years on a clock.
And at that point, you just look down at the floor and you said to yourself, crap, God, how is this possible over and over again?
But Dave Hyde says Terry Murray's got it all together. We got great defense. And he just needs a couple of breaks. Good. Dino healthy again. So we can buy rumors of more meals.
Here's a mobile and Delray Beach. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. As usual, you're right on target. Yes, I am.
Everything is there you are, but I work for the Sun Cruise casino. And right now they have approximately over 3000 people concerned about their jobs.
3500, I believe. Yeah. That's it. It's in there between cooks and everything else that goes on. But you know, if you look on these boats and I'm on these boats a lot, the Palm Beach one and the swath down it's Hollywood.
The majority of the people that go are senior citizens looking for something to do. And we clocked all that stuff. And you know what the average drop is what they spend.
Besides, you know, they get the free buffet and they get a ride on the intercostal and the water and all the is approximately $30 a person. Yeah, I was going to say 40. I'm not talking about.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Close. I mean, the damage that they've done for nothing. It's just outrageous.
You have to understand that evil, the evil empire is just a slot machines. What it's all about. If they in Tallahassee, if they hear those two words slot machines in the same breath, they start peeing in their pants.
Well, they got a shadow of people that have a, you know, there's more domestic violence going on constantly all the time. But the people have been trapped into their houses.
You're afraid to go out and have a drink because, you know, DIYs, you know, DIY stays on your license 75 years. You're going to life is ruined. But there's little ungambling trips that they even, they do everything to put people on board.
I had it as people on board one time. $25 out of his pocket set down a Caribbean Spud Table. And this senior citizen, $150,511, investing or gambling or taking a shot with $25.
What could be more fair than that? What could be more fair than that old bag that $127 million in Vegas two weeks ago? The only thing it could be more fair than that was it would have probably been there. And I would have wanted that would be.
Okay. Good luck. Thank you.
Hang in there. Okay. Yeah. These poor bastards are trying to, you know, earn a living and right away. Oh, let's go in there and put on a big stage, a big media event. Okay. For the cameras and show the public once again. All the goody two shoes and the good old Christian ride. All these religious.
The phony hypocrites probably most of whom were down on the neighborhood bar sitting on the bar stool getting plastered. Let's show them that we're doing something good for Jesus that we're doing something. Oh, God.
Stop repressing the God them public stop with this fascistic police statement.
I'm telling you already for quite a while. Go do something important. Go take care of some murderers. Go take care of some rapists, some child molesters, some arsonists, some people really prefer to present a threat to the public. That's law enforcement. Okay.
Oh, and we just confiscated 50 bales of marijuana. Great. Well, Pacquiao, Salami sandwich. Okay. Well, Billy, a statue. We'll buy a goddamn metal.
Like we're supposed to be impressed with all these stage media events. We have an open line in Broward 5 6 705 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Hank Holberg at your list. Take two at two o'clock. We got briefly a josh in the somebody at six o'clock because Booster was on this morning. And then at 6 30 we got the pregame because the game started seven o'clock in Buffalo there. We got. Oh, that's right. We got the sabers in the pan through seven o'clock tonight. So be sure and turn on QA and turn down the radio volume and turn on sports channel.
Or if somehow we get Empire turn on Rick Jenner read on the empire. Okay. Where we're going here. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing today? Great. You were right on 100% about all of your your talking. Yeah. I just came back from Amsterdam. Oh, God. I called you about a week before I went told you that I was going to go outside of Amsterdam. You were right. I stayed there the whole time. Uh huh. What did I tell you? Once you get to Amsterdam, you don't want to go anyplace else. Neil, I'm in this police state big brother watching.
I'm ready to take a plane and go. Yeah. Are you going to join me? Hey, listen, it's tempting. It's tempting, man. Anytime of the year around the clock, I'm ready to go. I'm ready to hop across the pond.
Tell me as long as they play in NHL hockey. It's in the bag. You need the satellite dish over there. That's all I'm sold in addition to which the way professional sports are going in this country in other four or five years. They'll all be out of business anyway. So what the hell is going to go as well? Well, Neil, you have a great day. Keep keep telling the truth and Matt Brothers.
You're a team. Okay, I'll still believe. Okay. I have no idea what that means. Okay. We have an open line in proud one and date five six seven oh five sixty. Uh donk. Okay. That I do know that.
You want a supermarket and they give you the change. Donk. Aval and they look at what are you talking about five six seven oh five six eight pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. See, both of Brian was here again today.
You remember you took that disc by mistake. Oh, is that why you came all the way back? No, I thought he was just killing some time because you might have bring his girlfriend down here again to kill some time because there's nothing else to do in town. That's why he really came all the way back down.
Here's the hottest spot in South Florida. This is the hottest spot in town, baby. Five sixty QAM. You can't find this, but we're still a hottest spot in town. It is getting awfully warm in here too, by the way, since you mentioned that.
I'll tell you one thing. There has never been any shortage of in his town all the years I've been on the year as boring as it is. There's always a lot of going on. Most of the totally unacceptable. Most of which are falling in grotesque and nauseating, whether it's fixed election, whether it's busting casino cruise ships, whether it's, you know, whatever the hell it is.
Unacceptable. The end of all behavior and the rest of the people sit back in their condominiums and their old fart residences, like that waiting for the next to the change of their philosophy back. That's it.
Let's bring some living and breathing people in this town. That's what we need. Living and breathing people. Let's bring all those people that I saw the MGM grand the last weekend. Let's bring all of them down here and tie them up in a corner somewhere and I'll, you know, pick and choose.
Boy, oh boy, that is so you talk about people watching just sitting a lobby at the MGM grand you have never seen so many beautiful young living and breathing men and women and some of you can't tell what they are, but just just unbelievable. Just like here.
Where do you find Hank Oldberg right where you?
I want to bang me in the butt honey.
Ready and gentlemen intro, nursing, Tyson knockout chicken.
Hi, this is Iron Mike and if you're hungry, not to heavyweight, just look for a big gold teeth.
Tyson, knockout chicken.
Tyson, knockout chicken. You've never seen fresh like this.
Oh nice to meet you. Try a hot juicy big mud to all mean having on a set of these three brain.
You're better stay away from down brothers team. Or this will get him sticking out.
Yeah, I'd like a, hey, aren't you the guy on trial? How do you like a knuckle staying with that?
Sure. Come in up.
Nick and don't forget our world champion, chicken.
We got wings. We got sides. We got, oh, just how the rings. I can't control myself.
So do the wild thing and come to Tyson's knockout chicken tonight.
If you're hungry, not to ring in, so come to Tyson's knockout chicken tonight.
I'm gonna have a hands full.
Number 32 at 560 WQ AM. So anyway, the reason I play that is because this Tyson stuff, I guess I'm just discovered it.
I feel like Christopher Godden in Columbus today.
I go to the supermarket and I make another discovery.
And you know that these Atkins people let everybody else too.
All you, all you people who are not on the Atkins stay away from our season Tyson beef strips.
Okay, stay the hell away.
We're gonna feel like a little bell, a little buzzer on every package.
Anybody if not on the Atkins go to touch one.
Very good. Go right there in the freezer compartment.
Okay, leave it alone so that we have some left. It's great stuff.
That's the kind of stuff that you need. Something of substance, something to nash on,
something that tastes good, that has no carbs in it.
Besides that tired old at cheesecake, if I ever see another piece of that Atkins cheesecake,
I'm gonna puke all over anybody that's within reach.
Don't ever want to see that crap again.
Here's a mobile in the Hollywood. Hello.
Hey Neil, how are you?
Great. Listen, I just two did a few moments ago, but I heard you mention the game last night.
And I gotta tell you, I've been watching hockey for a long, long time.
Yes.
And I have never been so angry at a game.
That was the most stupid way.
You talk about a team that was hell bent on handing that game back to the Rangers.
Robert, I would just like to know what he was thinking.
And this is the guy, like I said before, maybe weren't listening.
They put a whole big story about him, a big puff piece with a picture of him yesterday,
how he turned the corner in the Buffalo game.
This guy has played so poorly all the way around and so stupidly this season that he's at a scrape,
he's an embarrassment.
If anybody ought to be sat down again, he's the one ought to be sitting on the goddamn bed.
And Peter will roll out there, gooning it up, getting stupid penalties,
selfish stupid penalties, hurting the team, and turning the game around again.
Peter will roll is an embarrassment, I agree.
But, that is the dumbest play I think I've seen in sports.
They've got a power play.
You've got a one goal lead.
There's more time left in the power play than there was in the game.
So in other words, the clock is gonna run out.
You're gonna have to turn it off.
The Rangers have virtually no chance of mounting any offense, again, back in the game.
And what do you do?
You're gonna stupid, selfish idiotic penalty, and you give them an opportunity to do what they do.
Well, he did two things.
First, he comes in, he attacks.
He pinched in.
He just stupid.
And of course, the penalty is your bad at insulting injury.
But I don't know how Terry Murray couldn't have said to these guys,
you gotta stay back.
Right.
You know, we need to be defensive here.
We do not need a goal.
18 seconds left in the game.
He's trying to be offensive.
I'm watching this and I'm thinking,
and then I'm gonna have to the fate, after the penalty, I'm watching,
thinking, you know, we're gonna get away with it.
We're gonna get away with it.
Didn't get it.
Could you believe me?
I couldn't, I had to think it through.
And you can see it coming.
I mean, I'm gonna have watched so many hockey games that I can see very often when a goal is gonna be scored.
You can just smell it coming.
And you could just see it.
Like I said, in slow motion, you could see that puck slide over to Lachey,
and you could see that Berkler's had no chance of getting back in it.
And now I'm looking at it as the clock.
I'm looking at the puck, I'm looking at the clock.
And you know that there was timeless in the game.
I looked up at the same second that Leach put that in, and I swear, I'm 0.2, I think.
I saw 0.6 right there.
But I'm telling you, I just couldn't, I saw red.
I just couldn't believe it.
Yeah.
It was the worst thing I got out of it.
And how do you like the success of greasy goals that Sean Berkler did, by the way, in that game?
It's terrible, it's just terrible.
Even a winning goal, I mean, great.
You know, maybe you can say it was a good shot, but how come he doesn't get it?
How about the one that went right between his legs?
We both know the overtime was not necessary.
Yeah, that's right.
And here we forfeited.
That was just a formality.
There's no way they weren't gonna win.
Yeah.
I don't even know if I can watch tonight, I'm feeling so pissed off at these guys for that.
Yeah.
I mean, really, just here's two points.
This could just change the season.
I swear to you.
Well, you know, this team suffers from one thing, and that's a lack of talent.
Well, of course, I'm on the other side.
I'm having a home yesterday, and somebody calls Hank and asks, you know, is this team gonna go after free agents?
Like, Berre is out there in the Fibonacci and all these things.
And Hank is right.
This team has made no commitment to go after people like that.
And we supposedly had a shot at Ned Vett.
I don't think we really ever had this shot at Ned Vett.
I mean, we're often right next to Vorek, and they're offering Kovalev.
We know there was no contest.
Yeah, that's true.
That's true.
We scored a few, a couple of nice goals last night.
You'll perish, and Kavashu, they showed some promise.
Right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We'll say that offensively, the team is surprising.
We're scoring more goals than ever.
Right.
Spectatimous score.
But as far as defense, as far as the power play, as far as penalty killing, as far as goal tenics,
all the other aspects of the game, they are woullful.
I'd say the only surprise that it was that it was failing, not, you know, who Eddie made that play frankly.
Well, maybe they're taking turns, maybe they're just trying to describe it.
It's just unbelievable.
Okay.
Hang in there.
Okay.
Okay, daylines, all three of them wide open five, well, we had a hockey call.
You know, so naturally they run away in Dave County.
They don't understand it.
No say I have a hockey, a key five six seven, oh five, 60 pound five, 60 out of the AT&T wireless line in date.
Here's a mobile and a Ventura.
Hello.
Well, I'm out of haven torture now.
Finally, I'm in Hollywood.
Oh, you're really getting older.
Well, anyway, wow, I think I was listening for an hour and that was the first actual pantafan I heard call.
Yeah, that's the only one we've had hour and 40 minutes and that's the only one.
And like I said, proves my point.
There is no passion for anything in this town.
I'm, but we are people are incapable of having them told you.
I mean, this guy, nobody was talking about, which is a rarity.
They just don't know.
Yeah, well, I mean, it's about time.
I'm a Ranger fan and I'm willing to have a humane conversation with you.
I watched the game last night again on the MSG replay because I thought it was a great game.
I'm surprised that you were calling that one a terminal game because I thought that was really.
Well, I'm just saying that I must have missed the really good parts because the Penguin Anaheim game to me was sensational.
It was a great game.
And every time I would turn back to the Panther Ranger game, it was just they were figure skating.
And then I would turn it on a few minutes later and see that another couple of goals have been scored.
So I guess I missed a good stuff.
Well, I don't know.
You were talking about a turning point before it was curious to know whether you saw the three on one.
The Panther shot was about two and a half minutes left.
It was a no-brainer.
They had the game locked up.
They put that one away.
And I think it was either Ganya or I'm not sure if it was a fan on the shot, but wow.
Yeah.
The next game was over if that goal goes in.
I know you're not a Ranger fan, so you probably don't relate to this, but that's time standing still thing with Leach.
Was it a reminiscent of the first goal in game seven in his family couple?
You just just time stop still for three seconds.
You know that thing's going in.
Right.
It was almost the same exact goal.
There was no doubt.
There was absolutely no doubt in my mind.
Once I saw where the puck was going and you looked at the net and you saw that Burke was totally out of his it.
There was no doubt that he was going to stick it in there.
I just thought I was very entertained by it.
And I, you know, Panther fans should be talking about this with you today.
And I'm really surprised.
They should be psychotic.
These are the same Panther fans back when I came back on the year and the early part of the year.
And I was talking that John Van Beesbrook was going to be leaving here.
They either didn't want to believe it or they didn't care about it.
They didn't know who he was.
And I couldn't get any calls about that.
So, you know, what is there to say?
It's ridiculous.
They finally have something to talk about.
Well, I agree with you last color that last night's game is going to change things around.
And it probably will for the Rangers too.
The game's like that that comes out.
I'll tell you one thing.
You know, the Rangers, you know, as much as I hate them, Todd Harvey is playing his brains out.
He's playing great for them.
And now he brings two of the pros.
And Peter Nedvid, man, and I mean, he's going to be so important to that team.
I'm going to bet you want them scoring 25 goals in what's left of the season for them.
Yeah, he just needs to relax.
If the press lays off him for a few weeks and lets him get a good start.
He'll be here today.
How about a player?
I'll tell you.
All right, and you'll keep up the good work.
Okay, good luck, but not too much.
Okay, we had a couple of hockey calls.
The calls on the rest of the people are all dropping off like flies.
Too bad.
We care about it.
If you don't, you don't know squat.
You can talk about Jimmy and Danny again.
I'm sorry.
Did I say Jimmy and...
Sorry.
Two open lines and Dave Lutterbroward, 5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60, on the AT&T wireless line.
Where do you find Joe Rose, Jester Forest and Steve Goldstein?
The first team right where you got it.
Sports radio, 5 60 Q A F.
If I'm going to suck down something, it's not going to be an oyster.
So you're a freaky chick with lots of piercings.
And you like to wear leather pants too.
And of course, you like to dye your hair a lot of different funky colors.
Until recently, you see, all that dying you did rotted your roots.
And now you're sporting that I'm a rebel ball of luck.
But since we know you like to dye your hair so much, we've developed an all-new hair dye for you.
It's called Crotch Coloring.
Sure, not everybody will see your new dye job.
But for those lucky few, they're in for a real treat.
With all new colors like Crab's Red.
I just blew and now it's your turn.
And of course, everyone favorite feet your greens.
Crotch Coloring.
Using good taste.
It's 1144 at 560 WQM.
We got 200 open lines.
All of a sudden, we had two hockey calls back to back.
And you could watch the other lines go out like it was a goddamn bomb scare.
560 7 0 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
And excuse us for having the audacity.
And I know I'd much rather hear lots more calls about Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy.
And did he say enough that he pet him on the ass.
And he squeezed him a little bit.
Was he hard when he squeezed it, etc.
And so on.
Here's a mobile and Cooper city.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I saw that a big bus last night on TV.
I thought, do you ride away?
I said, Neil, Neil's going to do half a show on this.
And you should.
Oh, no, I'm not.
Well, the guy with the beard, whoever he was was pontificating that they were gambling
before they got three miles out.
I thought, who the hell cared?
Yeah, that's why I'm not going to do half a show on it.
Look what he obviously does here.
Well, what kind of money goes into this kind of a thing?
They're sending out undercover officers.
They're doing all this grand.
Danny, it's cost intent.
The grand's funding is the word.
It was either stage media event.
The cameras were there.
The media was alerted.
It was a stage media event.
And it serves absolutely no useful purpose.
And like you heard before, they're going to be out there sailing another ship tonight.
And there'll be people out there gambling and plunging their brains out and have it a good time.
And leave them the hell alone for Christ's sake.
Neil, I don't think you're getting many hockey call.
They did watch the game.
I thought you'd go again after the big pub.
I'm not getting many calls, period, sir, at this point.
We were not even known yet.
And these people already on a Wednesday were not on a material.
Maybe the list is the first team got tired of hearing D-Fo talk about.
The Panthers chose like Mama Cass.
You must have said that 50 times.
Oh, don't tell me D-Fo actually said that.
Oh, he said it 50 times, Neil.
It feels like Mama Cass on a tuna fish sandwich.
Monderous Neil.
Milderous Neil.
Keep up the good work.
You're the voice of reason, this toilet of the town.
And the storm up.
And have a great life.
Well, I got him stirred up already.
I got one call left at the board.
How can you do better than that?
I got him stirred up.
Are they pissed off and fired up?
No.
5, 6, 7.
We got two open lines.
It's a brown all a day.
In other words, there's one lonely little call left at the board on a day.
When I'm just sitting here full of piss and vinegar, I'm smoking, baby.
Whatever the strange one that Book of Brand brought in here, whatever this thing is, I'm smoking it.
And these people, like I said, nobody, I've tried for a hundred years to wake these bastards up
to just need them enough just to get them off their goddamn ass.
Just to make a phone call, just to say something.
Just to get pissed off, just to get emotional, just to nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
It's like beating a dead man with a baseball bat and expecting it some kind of response.
You can keep whaling and beaten and flailing and stroking and yank it and nothing is going to happen.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Hello, Neil?
Yes, sir.
How's the same asshole as yesterday, okay?
And he's still listening.
Go back and do your long service, okay?
Jack asks, go to church and say a prayer because you're going to need it when your ass is burning
you're on a lake of fire, sweetheart.
We have a problem at anal sex, you're doing.
We have an open line in the Broward 2nd day, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on it.
That's what we get, see?
That's what we get.
The same chronic assholes who call day after day with the same week material, most of which don't get on here anyway,
because it's really ponderous.
And the rest of the audience is there in a coma.
I think this is the day they deserve some good music today.
Oh, I'm a serious, because I'm the real one.
Yeah, let's crank the music up for these best years.
They don't want to talk to me.
I'm the goddamn voice of reason here.
I'm the one that's struck that crap off, okay?
They don't know she'll bully from Jason Wolley.
Jesus Christ, this man's music.
I mean, that's what we're going to write a book about George Redberg as a man in his music.
And we're going to have a big pile of...
On the front cover page, I mean, your musical stuff needs a little bit of help.
I know you're going to start with the backstreet boys and then weekend.
I don't know, okay.
At least then, weekend looks good anyway.
Could you read that more on this thing?
Here's the crawlgabels. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Listen, a long time ago, when you used to work on that Zeta.
Yeah, I used to work in that area.
I used to see the towers.
And I always used to hear you talking about that area.
And I go, I'm curious about...
What is the work?
About what?
The work at Zeta.
Because I saw the towers, but I didn't know exactly where the address was.
That was like really close to that area.
Yeah.
No, so I...
Okay, get a new phone and talk to me some other year, okay?
Here's the guy that calls this.
This is the kind of response we got.
I spent the whole first hour screaming and yelling and pontificating about 50 different goddamn things.
And this guy wants to know where exactly was Zeta,
as if it makes any difference, because they're not there anymore anyhow.
They're right down the street from us here now,
with what used to be Paxton Queer Channel, whatever they are today.
Whatever flavor they're pretending to be today.
Jesus Christ almighty, this is just unbelievable.
Oh, sir, I hope that you get the answer to your question.
In fact, if I were you, I would just go over there in Carroll City
and drive all around.
I think that's what it was.
Carroll City is now what it's in.
What is that area?
What?
Where INZ used to be over there.
Why I used to work at INZ and Zeta.
What is that called?
Is that Carroll City?
Or is it this?
It is still Carroll City, yeah.
Just go over there and drive around, okay?
You'll find it.
Which I have no idea what is in that building anymore since the Rain or Radio Station over there.
Who knows?
But you'll see some big towers still there.
Just drive around.
Oh, this must be where Neil used to be like 11 years ago.
Great, you can go home and write it in your diary.
Keep you off the streets.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
Neil, good afternoon or good morning.
Good evening to you, sir.
I think the lights are out.
I think so too.
You've had quite a bizarre array of calls today.
I hope that guy finds what he's looking for.
I hope he finds that big stick in the ground.
I think you just drive with some kind of tour bus or something.
Anyway, I think you definitely hit the nail on the head about this stupid thing with the all-star game and baseball and the whole...
Thank you for coming in.
Yesterday, I already tried to do a squeeze this town to hovers these people to get brainwashed to come up with public funds to build a stadium.
As if somehow we won't survive unless we get an all-star baseball game here as though our entire future depends on that.
I'd say they could take all the sports.
I mean, even though I would do, I love hockey, but I think that there's so many more important things in life.
Sir, I'm going to tell you the honest to God truth, and this is the way I feel, especially after last night, I'm seeing the mediocrity that they're putting out there that we're supposed to support.
If I had a pay for my own tickets, even as much as I love hockey and the Panthers and as close as they win is to my house, I could really walk there when you come right down.
And if I had a pay for my own tickets, I wouldn't go.
That's how sour I am on a whole deal.
Well, that's sour.
That's exactly what happened to me.
I've been a season sick and holder for five years, and I just got really fed up with the way things were going.
And I had it with Brian Murray.
I used to wear all your BM, no BM funds to the movies.
The one thing about the Murray is they both did.
It was terrible.
And in closing, you got to pull up a table this.
The other night, last week, actually, I was listening to the Chris Moore broadcast.
You know, it's around in my card and had much choice.
Yeah.
Anyway, he's, you're playing against Boston.
More on.
The Chris Moore goes, Whitney and Bork come together and Ray wins.
And I'm like, which Ray is he talking about?
What the hell is going on?
I mean, what kind of people are you talking about?
Oh, yeah, you have a great idea about what he's talking about.
In fact, I went to the store last night in the first period.
Well, I guess it was the first goal of the game, the first pantagall.
And I'm in the car coming home from the store and he says,
and the Panther score goal.
Okay, we're not talking about the other day.
And he says, and it goes in.
It goes in.
And I'm thinking of myself, that's the way I call a goal for the team that you're broadcasting for.
And it goes in like, yeah, like big deal.
As much as I hate Goldies boys, maybe we could put some kind of pitch change on it or something.
I'm all for you, man.
Let's put Goldie in there.
I go on.
I'm prepared and unaware that he was even going to do the game.
Goldie did a 4,000 times better job than everyone game than Chris Morgan ever do.
He's blows.
You're right, Neil.
I love you, buddy.
Have a great time.
Okay, Dave County opened up again.
They were there like real hot and heavy for about two seconds.
They decided, now we don't think so.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, sir?
I don't know what you were participating earlier because I wasn't listening.
But perhaps a subject, I get so intense when I read about these assholes who beat up their kids and they get put in protective custody in the prisons because they're worried about them getting beat up.
Yeah.
I think they should put it in regular and get their...
I think they should have a special area where they put them in to make sure that they get the crap beaten out of them.
Absolutely.
But in fact, if you get to find that, maybe one of our politicians will jump on the bandwagon.
And secondly about this, I don't know, sports, I don't want to bring it up, but this basketball strike.
I don't think anybody that goes to work in shorts, perhaps you could be the exception to make that kind of money.
You know, I think you better work in shorts.
Make them a...
I'm free of a million and lower the ticket price than how many of work are going to go to one of those games.
Yeah. Good point. I guess what?
Is anybody missing it that I noticed?
No, life's going on, yeah.
No, life seems to still be going on.
So the same dead head place it always was.
Absolutely.
Thank you, Neil.
Okay, have a great day, pal.
Are we missing the NBA?
Open line had broward to and date.
Yes, sir.
Hey, first time call. How are you?
Great.
I was calling about the Ranger Panther Game last night.
Yes, sir.
You know, listen to Dennis Posvin.
I hate to complain about Chris Moore, but listen to Dennis Posvin and Jeff Brimley.
That's pretty painful there itself.
I mean, I was going to the game last night.
And Dennis Posvin is showing his family in the stand.
Who really gives it down?
Yeah.
You know, I mean, they complain about...
A lot of sports are usually...
Hello?
Yes?
Yeah, I mean, you know, I think that you're coming from the UR.
Can you listen to some real boardcasters like JD and Sam Rose and...
Right.
And you have to come and listen to these guys.
I think it's hell.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
What do you think about Posvin and the broadcast?
Oh, he's not a broadcaster.
He's just a dumb ex-jock.
He's a dumb frog.
And he's never going to be a broadcaster.
And, you know, what can I tell you?
All right, let's go Rangers.
Yeah, good luck to you, pal.
Yeah, let's go Rangers.
Like I said, they won a game in all of a sudden.
Let's go Rangers.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward all three in date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 8, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8
I'm right here, county line 441 in this wonderful traffic. I have a little place off 441 and I'd like to bring you over to the lunch and I know Chuck over there at 199 and 441 and you know, see what you think of mine stuff. How would I go about doing that? Hi bro, what kind of stuff? What do you got? Actually, it's home cooking. Home cooking what?
Oh, anything you could imagine from a tea bowl steak to shrimp to kabobs. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If I'm going to suck on something, it's not going to be an oyster. Okay, we have two lines open and they then two and grow. It's five to four. I tell you, I don't understand this town. I thought we were going to be just absolutely smoking today. I thought that this place was going to be on fire today in Little Dora. I know back to the same old bunch of dead heads. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Tom,
5, 60 on a mobile one line. God, you people are as boring as dogs do you know? Really when you come right down to it, you're just boring. It's a boring place because it's loaded with boring people. That's why it's up to do here. That's why it's a boring place because it's loaded with boring people. You're about as exciting as an animal. Man, get with it. Get off your ass. Pick up the instrument. Say something. Do something. Are they going to do it? No. Four minutes to noon at 560 WQA.
And here you find Kim Bocampa right where you got it. A rap for 3, you 5, 60 Q. A. F. But Neil Roger show now on 560 WQ. A. F. Miami Fort Lauderdale. Neil Roger. From the people who brought you the DeLoria, bring you the Capportia with CO2 injection. Sit back, relax and enjoy the ride in the suicide lane. You won't feel a thing. If your time has come,
the Capportians for you. He's your pain today with the Capportia. Guarantee to take your pulse from 70 to zero in no time. No miss. No payment hassle whatsoever. Make your last ride a Capportia. The suicide ride for the 90s. A Capportia.
The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia. The Capportia
Those kinds of products will be considered probiotics. Social visibility. Social visibility. Social visibility. Social visibility. Social visibility. Social visibility. Social visibility. Social visibility. Social visibility. Social visibility. Social visibility. Social visibility. Socialization. Social globalization. Social profitability. Social profitability. Social revealing. Social
omiology. Social sale. Social news. People. People. People. People. Boys and girls. Soviets and girls. and you know where these 2 billion dollars are now. outside-educated theaters are running the same year but not on paper. And this is when you expect back from a implies that the $60 and $60 in your death...
Here's a mobile in Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, why do you think you're such an ex? Okay, let's go to Hollywood. Hello
Hollywood. Hollywood. Yes. Yes. Yes.
A three-time caller, long-time listener. Yes, sir. I'm a
I'm a hockey fan, baseball fan, sports fan. Yeah. Let me ask you what happened to that that was a poet that was hitting a nose
last night. What happened to him? He had a normal shot. Murphy. Gordon Murphy. Murphy. Yeah. He came back and played. These are where these guys aren't a bunch of pussy's like football and baseball players. They get stitched up and they come back and they finished again. I know
that you had once mentioned that they are the toughest guys in the world. That is correct. There's no no contest. No contest. Baseball players, they're going to hang
and have a great day. Okay, he's out of material. Okay, we have an open line and date what in power five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Neil Jim implantation. Yes, sir.
The panel wonder if I made all the mistakes the Murray's make especially need to get rid of or else I'd be fired if I didn't do it by now.
You don't understand the ownership doesn't care. The ownership is more interested in sucking all of the money of the new arena and making his money back from the first five years
and trying to sell the team. He doesn't care. He's not worried about that. That's why there's so much mismanagement because you have an owner who's basically an
absentee guy at this point. You follow what I'm saying? He's gone. Jim implantation just vanished. Okay, okay, we have an open line. I'm telling you, the coma juice must have
been in the air over the overnight.
coma juice. It's in the air. Don't inhale. Get yourself an oxygen mask. Go back inside. Do not go outside and inhale the fresh air because it ain't so fresh anymore. Maybe
Fidel's got that then woodpecker going on today. That must be it. Yeah, he's he's packing on it.
These people are off their feed two day. Wow. I'll tell you what in that other asshole that call what makes me an expert fill in the blank.
It makes me an expert on that's right. Whatever it is because if you listen to the rest of these people by comparison,
relatively speaking, no matter what it is, I'm an expert.
Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
Field notes from the West Coast. Yeah. Hey, um, I was wondering if you heard anything about the Million Man Marijuana March.
Million Man Marijuana March. Yeah, in March. No. No. Where's that?
I just started in New York City. Yeah. And they want to have cities all around the country, but just to take
Participate and do and do what? And get busted. Get arrested.
I don't know. For 20 years. Build floats like with giant. It looks like giant joints. I don't know.
But okay. Okay, go out and work on your giant joint. We have two open lines in days. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I'm telling you, it's in the air. Don't inhale.
Warning to everybody within the sound of my voice. There's something in the air in South Florida because it's infected.
And even over there in Naples, wherever the hell he was, Fort Myers somewhere in that God for a second part of the state.
Or here's Captain Singh. Just what we need to do. I'm writing up and otherwise the jury day.
How are you uncle? You were completing no national national. I don't know if you were calling it.
So I said, I'm going to have an Indian calling you. How are you doing? There's nothing like having an Indian calling it.
Yeah, depending on what you call it. Don't have a new yet.
They don't pass part of words with uncruised. You can see that made me sick to my stomach.
Yeah, well nobody seems to give a crap about it today and maybe two or three calls about it. They don't care.
They don't give a crap. They can just run. That's why the stuff goes on in this day.
They can run rough shot over these bastards. They don't even open up a muffin complaint about. They got nothing to say.
And I thought the police and my country were pretty bad. This is getting right up there.
That's right. Police stayed, baby. I'm going to get up.
Bit of wax those dirty magazines you're selling over there. They're going to be coming confiscating those next.
Well, can I put in a flag from a new store then? Sure.
There is people. 1421 North Palm Avenue. Got a nice telling with Borset meat.
I want to bring somebody for you and George. What are these days?
Well, you got out of the magazine business? No, I have that too.
Oh, okay. A great. You're branching out a little bit.
So keep that in mind. I'm going to go.
In fact, that'll be good. That would be something to fall back on, so to speak.
When it comes in, rate all your magazines, then you can go fall back on your meat, so to speak.
Definitely. Definitely.
That would be steeple Palm Avenue.
Okay. We got it.
We got a captain thing.
Okay.
151.
I don't know. Somewhere in near Shlamey's, I think.
We have an open line of days. 5, 6, 7, 0, 0, 5, 60,
Palm 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Anybody out there got their Tyson season beef strips yet?
No.
Good. Let me tell you, I made a mistake.
I don't think you like him at all.
We all have different tastes.
I think you people will puke from them.
Okay. Just leave them for me.
Don't go clean in the stores. Leave them for me.
Man, it's, you know, it's one of those things.
You put it in the microwave.
You open it up.
You put it in your bowl or with dish or whatever.
And it's shocking.
Usually anything in a microwave, it's mediocre at best.
You're hoping it's edible.
Shockingly good.
I mean, like really good.
Something you'd want to have again, like soon.
Here's the lady in Delray Beach.
Hello.
Hi, I want to know what's the problem with your advertising department.
They never call me back.
About what?
I want to advertise on your show.
Yeah.
And they never call me back.
Why not?
I don't know.
Who are you trying to get a hold of?
I don't know who to get hold of.
I called there.
I tax them.
I've emailed them.
They never call me back.
How do you like that?
Probably a problem.
I like it because I want to have a taste.
Probably a stem from our sales manager.
She's having a little bit of a problem these days.
She's having like an emotional sound like to me.
Call John Hennest, H-E-N-I-S.
Rhymes with heinus.
And get through to him.
You can leave a message because John is very conscientious.
And if you leave a message on his voicemail,
or get a hold of him, he'll let take care of you.
You want to advertise on your show for gift certificates
for men to buy for their wives.
Right.
That are skincare massage clinics.
Uh-huh.
Me?
We're trying to do it for two months.
Yeah.
We'll call up John.
Don't think it'd be a great idea to advertise your listeners
for them to buy their wives to gift certificates.
They never have to leave their house.
They can just do it with a credit card.
Whatever you say.
Like I said, call up John Hennest.
Okay, we already had one free plug with Captain Singh.
And call up John and uh, spend some money.
Sounds like uh, some kind of a hooker to me.
We have an open line in Broward, 56670560,
pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Medley.
Hello.
Hey, Dale.
Yes, sir.
Hey, two things.
Yes.
Seriously.
Why do the white-to-woman sexualist need more rights than everybody else?
They don't. They just need the same ones, okay?
And then, as far as you're...
And let me ask you something.
Where are you from?
Where are you from?
I'm not trying to get you to ask.
Now let me ask you.
Where are you from?
I'm from Miami.
No, no. Where are you from originally?
Originally Connecticut.
Oh, yeah. We'll go back there, okay.
From Connecticut?
Sounded like a Julio to me.
There's no Julio's in Connecticut, are there?
No.
Sounded like a real grease ball to me.
We have an open line in Dead One in Broward, 56670560,
pound 560 on a mobile one line.
But it's corn, not it's corn, not it's corn.
Hey, listen.
Where do you go when you're feeling lucky?
Hollywood 7-0 gaming, which brings to mind two words.
Cash and excitement.
Hollywood 7-0 gaming's got 550 gaming machines,
which pay out big time, including a special bank of machines,
with jackpots starting at 100 grand,
going as high as 300-89 grand.
Hollywood 7-0 gaming offers all the great poker action
you could ever want.
Seven cards stud.
On the hall, high low, Texas hold them.
7-0 2-3-4, as well as weekly poker tournaments,
and daily mini tournaments with all kinds of buy-ins and rebives
for the experienced player or the novice too.
Hollywood 7-0 gaming's four daily sessions of high-stakes
bingo waiting for you every day of your life.
11-15 in the morning, 3-7-15, 10-45 pm.
Don't forget to Hollywood 7-0 gaming,
Mommy Dolphin's Gold Rush is still going strong.
Registered by filling out an entry form,
then listed this week's Dolphin game here on QAM.
And you could take on this week's jackpot
of five grand, sounds okay to me.
It's all waiting for it. Hollywood 7-0 gaming
on the corner 4-41 in Sterling Road,
open whenever you're in the mood to plunge a little bit.
24 hours a day, 7 days a week, even on Simclas Thura.
Puns of re-parking and valley park in two.
South Florida's most exciting place to hit the big money jackpots
is at Hollywood 7-0 gaming.
This is 560.
QAM.
Where do you find it, Kaplan?
Right where you got it.
Sports radio 560.
QAM.
There's a fact in the church.
About movement.
Now would be night.
About movement.
Had too much rights on my toilet.
Where I belong would be paradise.
About movement finally begun.
I can't wait to see.
And see my colon and he will come.
And he ride for your breath from this moment on.
I don't know exactly when this is done.
Maybe when I said no she wouldn't have dreamed of her.
But I would just be there and died for.
You find a need.
I need to do about movement.
Now I'm in a rush.
I am finished.
I promise you this.
I can't wait to give it a flush.
My boundless.
Done.
I'll take it off the next time you say you just try to elevate it.
Or in a long line of the supermarket.
I'm sure somebody cuts real bad cheese.
It's just a captive audience.
Ask yourself.
Is there a god?
That's a good time to examine that question.
If anybody can answer that question,
you need mental assistance.
Is that just a bunch of aroma?
It comes up into your nostrils and nauseates and sickens you.
It makes you want to upchuck meals you haven't eaten for years.
Ask yourself.
Is there a god?
No.
Here's a mobile in Jupiter.
Hello.
Hey, hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how are you today?
Great.
Good.
We're going down to Southern Palm Beach County
to buy your new tape at borders.
Where are the borders?
God bless you.
The borders in Southern Palm Beach is in Boka.
And there's one in Boynton Beach.
That's far south, not in Palm Beach.
No, not in Palm Beach.
We don't know where they want to let us in there.
Oh, OK.
Well, the other thing.
Look for a good game for the jets to beat Miami in two weeks.
OK, thank you.
Whatever you say.
OK, we have an open line at day 5, 6, 7, 0, 5,
60, 0, 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Do I care about that?
No.
Absolutely not.
How about Jimmy and Danny?
Let's hear about.
And good old.
Well, what's your more about that?
Here's the crawl springs.
Hello.
Yeah, all right.
You're OK?
Good.
As tech season approaches, and we're starting to spend our money
on techs, is I needed to call you to tell you about two things.
And please hear this out.
Number one, I was on a cruise over the weekend.
And I boarded my dog.
And they said to me when I boarded the dog,
why don't you have a dog peg on there?
And I said, well, we never really had a dog tag.
And he says, well, you know, they go door to door looking
for dogs that don't have dog tags.
And I said, is that what we spend our tech dogs?
Who goes door to door?
They're the no tag dog police?
Yeah, there's no dog tag dog police.
Right, right.
And that's what we spend our tech dollars on.
And the second ditch, I guess I can call it.
Both my dogs have got tags.
So thank God that I'm safe from the no tag doggy police.
They have nothing better to do.
Yeah.
This is the first one.
Why don't you have a dog have a tag?
Didn't you get like yearly shots or anything?
Or you take care of the dog?
Your the dog gets fairly shot.
Then why don't you have a tag?
You know what I never thought about it.
You know, maybe I should have had the tag.
No, no, no, no, you're missing the point.
They get, sir, listen, I don't want to say that you're
fiving.
But the fact is that when you get your yearly shots
and put it in a rabie shot, they give you a tag at the vet.
It's automatic.
That's part of what you're paying for.
They give you a little slip of paper.
They give you a tag to put on a dog's collar.
Trace this college, George, we got a dog abuser.
That can come.
No, no, seriously, let's, I want to, I want to go back on this.
I don't want to let people out.
I don't know if we can talk about that.
The fact of the matter is that I didn't understand that when I was at the vet,
they said, you know, every dog registered.
And we keep it's a, the dog's two years old.
It's a pure bred dog.
We spent an awful lot of money on it.
Well, don't have a registered with whom.
Dude, what the fang, you don't have a tag in the, you don't have a tag,
they'll come to your door.
Sir, are you listening to the words that are coming from my lips?
Let me say it again.
When you, if you did take your dog and if he's only two years old,
it is a must that you took your dog sometimes to the vet and your Ian
and got the series of shots, including the rabie shot.
At which point they give you a tag.
They don't ask you about the doggy police.
They give you a tag.
Trace that call and get this guy busted right away.
Okay, he's probably got a nice two-year-old puppy there at his house.
And this guy ain't take care of the dog.
And there's nothing worse that people that abuse and don't take care of their pets.
And he's complaining about it.
In fact, I hope there is a doggy police.
I hope we give them the phone number and the address
and they go, they're in buses, Goddamn ads.
Ow!
Lion sack of crap.
So, you know, what are we doing?
We've got people in this building that play that game.
Pretend they don't hear what you said.
They just keep on talking.
I've been around the block too many times for that game, pal.
I just got through Tony.
If you were telling us the truth and you took your dog to the vet
and you're in God of his shots like he's supposed to get
or she or whatever the hell it is,
they give you the tag right there on a spot.
They give it to you.
And if you want, they'll even stick it on a collar.
If you're too lazy or stupid or in the select to do it yourself.
Better be, better move, better move.
Better about, yeah, right.
All these people want to complain and belly it,
but in the meantime, are they doing what they're supposed to be doing?
No.
They're living up to their end of the bargain.
No.
Are they responsible?
No.
Oh, boy, oh boy.
I'm going to tell you something.
Anybody that don't take care of their dog on my list,
you're on my list.
That's right.
You're on my list.
And it's for the dog anyway,
so that they don't cut it head off and dig into a sprain.
If it should bite somebody.
The rabies say.
What?
Just the way you said there,
we're just so disgusting.
It is, they don't cut their head off and dig a nut to the dog.
Is he in in that order necessarily?
Well, I assume that they cut their head off
before they dig into the brain.
How do you know that?
I don't.
Didn't work around this place.
We have an open line at date,
56670560,
found 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
How do you like that dog abuser?
How's trying to pull one over on us?
That's totally cruel.
I don't believe that.
Anyway, the reason why I'm calling is because I was on a cruise ship
last year and there was a football player on a cruise ship
and they introduced him what heavy he was a member of the Minnesota Vikings.
Anyway, yes.
Well, you expect to find a Viking but on a ship.
Anyway, I'm reading the book you're reading about,
Provencone.
Yes, sir.
And I'm reading the chapter that, you know,
basically it's not the Viking
and how they're a bunch of criminals.
Right.
Who they mentioned on the book.
Guess who they mentioned.
I have not.
I don't remember.
Every guy who lived on a cruise ship was.
Yeah.
He had a,
Dean is a grown up under something back
and when he was in Kentucky,
he felt like, oh,
all right.
Great.
But it's a great,
I'm in a territory.
I mean, if you're a jocke,
aren't you supposed to be up your girlfriend,
or your wife,
and usually both?
Uh-huh.
Oh, I mean, there are many of them who have,
but that's totally right.
Anyway, there's an entire chapter devoted
to the Minnesota Vikings.
Right.
Most corrupt human sports.
Mm-hmm.
Not that often.
And I'm going to tell you when you can leave the cowboys
looking good by comparison,
which like the book says,
they didn't even bother with the cowboys
because there's no tourist in as much publicity as they've gotten.
They've peeled into wind significance.
But hey, you guys that want to go out there
and spend all your hard time on it
to support a bunch of criminals,
a bunch of white beaters and girlfriend abusers,
and a bunch of drug addicts.
Hey, be my guest.
Go ahead.
Have a good time.
Take saloon, you know.
We have an open line in Dave County, five six.
Oh, there's David Suarez.
Might have my check.
Where's my check, David?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Uh, I don't know.
I'm not in charge of that, probably.
Well, who is in charge?
I got a check on for last week.
They finally got the audio straighten out
on that show,
which I noticed last night
for the first time in weeks
that I've bothered turning it on.
And I still can't get paid now for these bastards.
Well, you know, I mean, right now,
I'm not even working for them.
So, you're not?
No.
What are you doing?
I'm waiting.
I'm waiting for work.
Oh, I see.
Another...
They agreed promised me a job.
Yo.
I'm not going to joke.
Just stay by the phone.
No, no, no.
I shouldn't have spiced work on another show.
There's 10 later on.
Oh.
But, oh, wait, I was wrong.
I want to apologize for what I said,
because I did see the promo for that,
and the DT, whatever his name is,
he has really grotesque.
Well, I won't deny that, but I can't really comment.
No, I'm just...
No, you don't need to comment.
I'm just telling you, he's a scrawny and ugly
and looks like a scarecrow on a bad day.
But nevertheless...
I wanted to thank you for the tickets.
I was in LA when you got back.
So, I wasn't able to thank you
for the hockey tickets that you gave me.
And I...
No, which game was that?
There was New Jersey Devil.
They lost, but it was a good game.
That's great.
Great.
I've never been to hockey game before, and it was...
Well, let's go, because we've only had about three
really entertaining home games all season so far,
so the fact that you got to see one of them,
and thank God for that.
Yeah, but you know what?
When I was out in LA,
I got a chance to listen to Phil Hendry
and actually had something for you.
Yeah.
And I was out there...
Are you sure?
I'm sure.
Oh, you can eat Negro.
Actually, people request that out there.
Of course.
But all the time,
they have a new time out there,
just like they have one here.
Yeah.
And it seems that there is a...
There's a lesbian...
Fox show host there, a KFI who worked with Phil.
And it seems like she's accusing Phil that...
Oh, yeah.
Well, he talked to Phil a couple weeks ago,
and he told us all about them.
And she's suing everybody there for sexual harassment
and making up stories about Phil's wife coming onto her.
I just saw kinds of ridiculous crap.
Right. Well, I have the article
that they printed up about that over there,
and I didn't know if you wanted it or not,
but I have it.
If you want it, I can bring it in.
I'll leave it in there for you today.
Okay.
But otherwise, I wanted to thank you for the tickets.
I'm probably out of material.
You must be very happy about the lockout,
because now you've got 100% hockey and boring football.
Okay.
But otherwise, take care.
Okay, talk to Rob and see where my check is, okay?
He's pushing up.
Then we'll be even on the tickets.
He's working on pushing up this.
Okay, thanks, David.
Take care.
Have a seat.
Okay, two open lines in days,
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
That whammy thing is kicking ass, baby.
Oh!
You don't have any idea how it's doing,
but again, I'm pumping gas at mobile gas today.
I'm proud, Boulevard.
There's a young, light, complex guy.
I don't know.
He's a black porter, rick and whatever the hell he was.
I don't know.
It does make a difference to me.
And he says, he's going by to go inside
the thing I'm pumping gas.
I'm pumping it.
And he says to me, hey, you're not new.
Rajasari, I said, yeah, he comes back, shakes my hand.
Love your TV.
Show, man.
It's great.
Love people that speak their mind.
Everywhere I go, people are watching that TV.
And not this radio audience.
They don't want to watch it,
because they've already heard it.
And they know that it's outdated and that it's bogus.
But there's a whole other group of people out there.
A whole other category of living and breathing human beings
who are glued to that thing on a whammy every night at 1030.
And you can actually hear the sound now.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
OK.
About that casino boat.
I don't think it had anything to do with them,
them gambling inside of waters or whatever the case may be.
Yeah, I think.
Well, underwater, overwater.
But if you piss enough people off and you don't treat them
right like your experience at the real,
you know what I mean?
Yeah.
If you piss enough people off,
you know, eventually, you know,
something like that's going to happen to you.
What, which means what?
What does that mean?
Well, have you ever been on that boat?
No, of course not.
I'll tell you what, I've been on there a couple of times
just the way they treat people.
You know, you have people.
But what does that have to do with Bob Butterworth
and Ken Jenny going in there and staging a rage
for the media and closing them down
and confiscating their spot machines?
Because they, I mean, if they piss off the public
and you don't want to go back and subsidize them,
nobody is kidnapping people and forcing them to go on the shift.
Well, if you screw, if you screw enough people,
enough times with them.
Just, just keep saying it.
Okay, just standing for the mirror,
keep repeating it over and over and over again.
Just say it over and over and over again.
Until you just can't handle it anymore,
because I can't.
We have an open line in Broward to end date,
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
Tom 5, 60, Automobile Online.
Got probably lost 20 bucks.
Club 26 is 5, 60, WQMs.
Well, Panthers take the road show to Buffalo
for tonight's game with the Savior.
Chris Moore, Randy Moore and Steve Goldstein
host the action starting with Panthers preview at 630.
On sports radio, 5, 60, QA and...
Holy cow, Aaron's coming.
There's been a major setback today for the NBA lockout.
Player representatives, Chufro Abduel Kingfish.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
I'm a lot of them.
He Pep up here.
So he can play with him.
OK, so I saw Brian Murray's
What happened.
What happened.
OK, so I saw Brian Murray's
and then what we got waiting into ranked wings is another one of his big players. Chris Wells,
you know, is supposed to be a superstar later. How's he doing now? You know, I hope he never comes back.
I mean, the guy's got no heart. You can see that one. And he can't skate and he can't score.
And he can't pass and he can't play because he's from Coach Alejandro and have a great day.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward, all three and date five six seven oh five six eight pound five
60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay. I don't know if you caught this morning. I'm fighting the good fights here. Fighting the good fight.
I don't know if you caught this morning. Kim Hardaway interviewed on five six. I heard his voice come
on here and I immediately punched into the CD position. Yeah, I why do I want to hear Kim Hardaway?
I mean, you know, I realized that the people I got nothing to talk about beside Jimmy and Danny. So our
sports people are desperate for a little variety. But why do you want to hear what a what some overpay
jock is doing while the NBA is on strike and not playing? Who the hell gives a crap what he's doing now?
Well, what would anybody care? And in their right mind, what Tim Hardaway is doing?
Well, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, for Tim needs some
Elecution elections. How about how about Edger and whatever that James, whatever that kid for the
Huracos? They interviewed him the other day on this station. I was in the car. I wanted to cry.
This kid can't say hello. He is so inarticulous and oh, he's going to be a star. I'm thinking to myself,
man, is this sports thing is just out of control? It is insanity. Just total. And what kind of a name that
he anyway, Edger and I feel like I'm doing it. What is it? Okay, I thought right there. Whatever you said.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward all three and day five six seven. You're playing pretty hard
to get today guys. Although I will tell you, I sure feel a lot better since we stopped
giving crap away on the show. I'll tell you that boy, that was the worst. We got sucked and
lulled into a whole period of time there when we were like buying the people who had nothing to say.
In fact, on the show last night on Wangi, I had my tickets for the opening home game,
the Tampa Bay game because I was going to be away that weekend and giving them away. And I had
some broad, some bitch on the photos already on the phone. And she pretends that she's got some hockey
things she wants to talk about. And now she starts sucking around for the tickets. Is that giving to her? No,
you bet I didn't. Five six seven oh five 60 any interest here today. And the new Roger show on
five 60 WQ a n anybody with anything to say. Anybody concerned about the raids on the cruise ships
last night? No, anybody concerned about the a day county passing the gay rights thing yesterday?
Anybody concerned about anything in the world? No, about the anything.
Man. Mobile in Miami Beach. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir.
Calling nuts, but I just moved to Miami Beach. Like I said, no, crazy. I know.
Lunatic. I get the feeling that besides that mistake that when it lands, hockey teams start up next year.
Gonna be a big bomb just like it was before. Well, go up in flames just like it did before.
Oh, as much as that is a crappy sports town. You know it and I know it. Yeah, well, I have a feeling
that it's going to be better than at least run better than the panthers. How do you know that?
I don't know as well. I think I know that based on what? They don't even have a team yet and you're
already predicting it's going to be run better. How much does Ted Turner have in and taking that
new hockey team? I have you got any idea. You're from Atlanta and you're asking me?
Well, I don't know. All right. Thanks, Bill. You don't know does he have any part that he involved in that?
As far as I know, I mean, he chose the general manager. And I'm not sure who that I think is Brian
Cashman and Senator. I don't know. But I'm not sure who the hell is Brian kind of Wayne Cashman.
Who's Brian Cashman? No, no, Brian Cashman. Who the hell is Brian Cashman? Who is that?
Well, I guess we'll see next year. Okay, thank you.
Oh, that was the best. Thank you, sir, for moving here from Atlanta. If only for just making that
call. You have made my day. You made my week. You made my day. You made my month. You made my year.
He's the general manager of the New York Yankees. Brian Cashman.
He's the general manager of the New York Yankees. I was just told. I never heard of Brian Cashman
in my life. And if he's the general manager of the New York Yankees, what business has he got
being general manager of the Atlanta, whatever they're going to be calling him? Since Calgary's
already got the flames that used to be the Atlanta flames where they bombed big times. This
ask Jigs Mcdonald. He'll tell you. Well, he needs some work. 21 before 1 at 5 60 WQAM. Do you want
to get a great car to great value? You might. And before I do the spot, I asked him who is
Brian Cashman? Did he know? No, I don't know. I mean, I have no idea who that is. Does this guy know?
No. He's giving me a name. Who is he? Do you know? No. You want to get a great car at a great
value? Uh-huh. Well, they go to Patanquin Toyota on 441 or 190 Third Street. Patanquin Toyota will
not only set you a car at the lowest price in town. They'll give you great service that nobody
else can touch. That's the thing that really makes them. In fact, the day I had my car wreck a
little over a year ago, I pulled into their lot and they treated me like a world. They gave me
an ice pack and they said, Hey, we'll help you. And someday you'll be talking good stuff about us.
And here I am. Patanquin Toyota introduced windshield pricing, which makes Brian releasing a
Toyota as easy as walking to the doors, picking out the car you want. And there is the price
on a windshield. You know it's the lowest price in town because that's what they're famous for.
It's there and you write in the face. Patanquin Toyota's got turbos, cameras, avalanches, and new
salara. You want a great sport utility vehicle. Check out Patanquin Toyota's 4Runners or Land Cruisers.
Or how about a great Toyota to come a truck. Patanquin Toyota's got all these vehicles ready for
delivery waiting on you right now and go to business with our great friends that treat you like
royalty. If Patanquin Toyota or Column 930 Toyota for the best deal on the Greatest in Service.
Patanquin Toyota on 441 at 193rd Street, just two quick mazes of PPP Park. Patanquin Toyota,
no bald headed geek, no hassles, no fuss, just great deals every time.
Where do you find tank goldberg? Right where you got it.
Sports radio 560 Q-A-L.
Does your underwear stink? So you think you probably need a stronger laundry detergent, huh?
Well actually, no. You need a stronger body soap and we have just the thing for you.
It's called tan scrub plus. The names of it all. This special body soap will scrub your tan plus
on the reverse side of the bar is the highly specialized crotch cleaner. For boys,
the tube-shaped crotch cleaner is both effective and enjoyable to use.
And for girls, the rod-shaped crotch cleaner does a very thorough job. It's tan scrub plus.
Clean your crack, then have all the incentive you'll ever need to clean your frontside for hours on
end. tan scrub plus because a stinky crotch can ruin your day or at least her underpants.
445 60 WQAM. Tell us to the French, please. Here's a mobile in Boca, hello.
How long, Neil? Yes, you got any free tickets to the same game?
Yes. And when we go? We got some plane tickets for you too, right?
Yeah. Did you see the game last week or did you hear it?
But you were out of town, right? I was not here. I did not see it. I was in Vegas losing money.
Did anybody tell you about that game? What about it?
It was a blood bath. Yeah, I know that. I read about it.
This guy's got ejected, but Barnaby got cut with no call. Another guy got a space
plus an open on the board. Yeah. It's going to be good tonight.
Gonna be Rob Rob Ray is suspended, of course, so he won't be playing.
Yeah, but Barnaby will be playing in the cockpit.
Oh, yeah. That guy named Peter will be playing him. Maybe they'll knock the crap out of him.
He'll mind the lineup. It's going to be worth watching.
Yeah, I'll be watching. You don't like to watch the games.
Although, let's see, that game starts at 7 because I know the Leafs and the Kings are playing at 730.
That'll be on the dish. Yeah, I'm going to watch it. It's a good one. I'm going to record it.
Okay, have a great time. Okay, we have an open-line at Graward. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
on the mobile one-line. What did he say?
Here's Virginia Key. Hello.
Hi, I'm Goneal.
Yes, sir.
I just was calling back on the fact that the order is to pass.
Right.
I was talking yesterday. I was surprised that actually it was a Dennis Moss that
that okayed in not Mary Moranzo.
You expected Mary Moranzo to vote for it.
He already said when she voted for the hearing, she said that she was against it.
Right, but I'm going to be...
Did you really expect one of the Hispanic members of the Commission to vote for it?
I didn't, honestly, I didn't think it would pass.
Yeah.
I thought it was going to be one of the six...
And six, he also didn't, and let's get him to shut up for long.
Now this is a rule, guy. This is this a dark,
complexive commissioner. Is that...
Yes, Dennis Moss?
No, no, not Dennis Moss.
Rule. How are we, LLE?
That vote.
Now, let me see. I got pictures here.
He voted...
No.
I don't have this picture here.
I'm not sure if he's a kind of Esther.
No, let's say it, but I'll definitely check it out.
Yeah, okay. I'm just curious because he voted...
No.
...in the negative rate.
You know, again, the...
He voted in the Bible and we don't need special rights.
And Yadi, I know, there's always other excuses for our bigotry.
You know, when they were screaming at me,
you know, one of the...
One of the Hispanic pastors that asked me for spoken English,
and he said, yes, and I said,
can you say separation of church and state?
Mm-hmm.
And you know, they...
And he said, Kay?
Yeah, right, exactly.
Exactly.
Anyway, that...
First, I'm sure that even in repressive Dade County with this homophobic,
Hispanic influence that's so pervasive and overwhelming,
in spite of that, that we're finally coming into the...
out of the dark ages,
and that the law is finally saying,
hey, guess what? You can't discriminate against anyone group of people,
no matter what, you know, what they all they are.
They just don't want their friends in Pylea, CM and ozone.
Yeah, that must be a...
Yeah, we're good, then.
Okay, congratulations, too.
There you go. A lot of people, a lot of folks worked hard on that thing.
They were working on it and the ordinance, too.
Got it passed in Dade County,
Broward Accord, three years ago, got that passed.
And in Palm Beach, too, I believe, from a positive.
All these good Christians screaming,
geez, this, Dean, and all, you know,
I read the whole thing in the paper this morning,
makes you want to get on your hands and knees and puke.
The fact that here we are wasting our time, you know,
all these supposed to see Christians in America today,
those people who talked a lot about being Christians,
all that doesn't mean I'm a bigot.
When they tell you that, I'm a bigot,
I'm a ax murderer, whatever the hell I am.
How about going out instead of being...
spending so much of your time and energies on bigotry,
and you're right to discriminate and hate people?
How about going out and helping some homeless people?
How about going to a hospital,
helping some people who are dying and lonely?
How about doing a million different positive things
that you might be doing?
Oh, no, they don't have time for that,
because they got to spread the good word,
you know, they got to make sure who's not a young nice.
Here's Miami Springs, hello.
Hey, how you doing up here?
Okay, sir.
I'm saying, the more about the hockey game,
it was an awful loss, it was a terrible loss,
but it was still just a loss.
You had a great game of an April 4th against Buffalo,
the last game against Buffalo.
A lot of two games streak.
It was a bad loss.
It was two seconds away from being, you know,
a really a win, but a little bit of a win.
No, it was six tenths of a second away from being a win.
My point is, when you try to rationalize the fact
that they blew the game with a lot of stupid play last night,
and that this team has got is just suffering
from a serious lack of talent,
is that what you're doing?
No, I understand.
The scoring wasn't a problem.
Well, I've played over the game before.
The play goals coming in.
And how about the goal-tending?
Was that good?
It was awful.
It was awful.
How about on the power play,
when the Rangers won three for six on a power play,
was the penalty killing?
The penalty's absolutely.
I'm not denying that.
So it's just one bad loss.
No, it doesn't make any difference whether it's just,
the first of all, you have to look at the way that they lost.
And secondly, you have to look at the way that they're really playing.
If you want to take the Buffalo game
and make that the barometer of what this team is really all about,
then you're deluding yourself.
Take all the other games around it.
Take the coma game in Tampa.
Take the black hole game.
I'm giving you a couple of games that they won
that will horrendous performances.
Take the Detroit game.
Take the Vancouver game.
Take the Boston game.
The one nothing coma inducing it.
This is not a good team right now.
Thank God we're in the top of this conference.
About my other thing.
No, but I mean, why aren't you trying to delude yourself?
Why can't we talk these things intelligently?
It's not a good team.
It's not a good team.
Like I said, thank God we're in the top of this conference.
We're going to crush you.
But it doesn't make any difference what's the vision they're in
because it's still the top eight in the conference.
Go to the playoffs.
It makes no difference what's the vision you're in.
ESPN said it best by saying,
can you believe you the Carolina or Florida might be a number three seed?
Yeah.
Go test.
About the movement that passed yesterday.
I'm not doing it.
I'm not a gay activist,
but I can't understand why anyone would want to
road against any kind of anti-discrimination rule anywhere.
What's all it basically is an anti-discrimination rule?
Most of the commissioners have voted against it.
We're Hispanics.
So what does that tell you?
They're pandering the constituency.
They're homophobic constituents.
Most of them are in the closet.
Let me give you an example.
I mean, we're talking about special rights and special privileges.
That's special.
There's nothing special.
Just as you can't get fired and you can't get denied housing.
You can't be discriminated against just because you happen to be gay.
The same rights that everybody else has and
that like we should have.
Just the type that they have to put up to
shows you what kind of a backwards that country we're in.
Yes, sir.
Have an eighth day.
I'm going to bless us all.
It's tiny Tim would say.
10 before 1 at QAM.
We have an open line indeed.
I mean, I understand.
I mean, I've been living here a long time.
I'm aware of this whole Hispanic self-hating kind of thing.
Madakon, Madakon.
Because the one who yells loud is Madakon.
That's the Madakon.
I'm telling you that right now.
I've traveled all over Europe and I've seen the attitudes there.
I've been in Italy.
I've seen the attitudes there.
And when you're dealing with Hispanics,
you're dealing with a lot of closet cases.
The reason that there's this tremendous emphasis on this macho thing
is because there are a lot of people who are embarrassed about the fact that,
that they like doing anything that moves.
If it's breathing, they'll do it.
And even if it's just the still warm,
I mean, that's to be breathing.
But if it's still warm, it might be okay to
whether it's male-female or of undetermined origin.
So rather than admitting that,
it's too embarrassing.
So we got to be real macho and show everybody how homophobic we are and
etc. etc.
Madakon.
Madakon.
Madakon.
Madakon.
Come and eat that kind of.
Just call everybody a lot of names, okay?
And show your ass to the world.
Maybe they might like it.
We have an open line at day 5 6 7 0 5 60,
5 5 60 on the mobile one line.
So once again, the Christian right,
just like in the election on November 5th,
once again yesterday in day,
county you lose.
That's right.
Because the Christian right,
I love the bumper sticker that says the Christian right is neither.
And that's absolutely correct.
They're not Christians and they're not,
they're not right.
All they are are right winged fanatic lunatic bigots is what they are.
Oh, this is for the lady from the Christian coalition
and you're going to be off the air.
You want a bet sweetheart?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, two things here.
First of all, I'm very happy that in Miami,
we really don't care what happens to the All-Star game.
And I'm just glad nobody cares because I really don't.
And I'm so I don't either.
Absolutely.
And I'm supposed to go.
Sir, if I had one second of my life to be concerned about whether or not the
major league baseball is going to play the All-Star game,
I would get a bullet and put it through my brain because I would know that my life is totally meaningless.
How could anybody waste their time worrying about whether the All-Star game is going to be played in my well?
How does it change anything?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
And I hear D-Fo whining this morning,
making all these excuses like somehow that's going to have a negative impact on the Marlins.
Well, we're not talking about the Marlins.
Okay.
How many Marlins are going to be playing in the All-Star game?
Well, I mean, I'm just even more happier than Bayes.
Hey, we're taking away the All-Star game and it's like, yeah, so.
Yeah, but just prepare yourself for this big onslaught now with the push for the new stadium.
You've already started with Dave Hyde's stupid column this morning.
Great.
Well, Neil, the other thing I want to talk about is your Toronto native.
And was there a...
Oh, and what?
You're from Toronto, you say?
When did I ever say that?
Oh, I thought you said you were from Toronto.
When did I say that?
Oh, okay.
No, I thought you did.
I'm a Rochester New Yorker right across the lake.
I could almost swim from Rochester, Toronto.
But I'm not from Toronto, but probably a 40-year Toronto Maple Leaf fan.
But when I first saw my check, I thought he said 28 points.
Oh!
This separatist thing that's going on up there.
You know what?
I say, first of all, it's got nothing to do with Toronto.
If you know Canada's got to do with Quebec in Montreal.
Absolutely, absolutely.
And as far as I'm concerned, if the rest of Canada were smart,
they would encourage them to separate, let them meet the cross-sons,
or whatever they want to, and get rid of them, okay?
Because there's nothing worse than a frog.
Oh, geez.
I mean, to have the opportunity to separate yourself from those frogs.
I'm telling you, the business people have moved out of Montreal
like there's a plague there.
And they move to Toronto and the anyplace else.
But they have just flown out of a Montreal.
Because the hate that exists there based on the language thing is psychotic.
Well, I mean, it's just amazing.
French, French Canadians.
I mean, the same type of attitude.
Yeah.
You know, hey, to have an opportunity to move away from them, I take it there.
By the way, we're also sending the old Cubans to Quebec too, is that a fact?
Well, that doesn't bother me. I'm a young Cuban.
Okay, have a great day.
All the old Cubans pack up your, your, your, median OJs, baby,
and your Guayabarra's because we're sending you to Quebec right away.
You may not like the weather up there, but you'll fit right in with those frogs.
You can argue back and forth in French and in Spanish.
That's it.
Pale, Wudu, Speg. There you go.
All these people want to use their languages or weapon and punish everybody.
Oh, Jesus.
Guys are in business up there with the, with the restaurants,
with little mom and pop restaurants.
And they had the audacity to have signs in English and hashling the hell.
English and French, although no signs in English.
Crazy, crazy people.
The frogs and when we had that story about, you know,
about the French people and how they don't bathe very often and they use very little soap.
Because maybe they're, maybe they're afraid they're going to drop it.
You think that could be the reason?
French don't use a lot of soap. They're afraid they might drop it.
How about if we invented soap on a handle?
That old Pope soap on a rope, that might be good.
That might do him real good.
Maybe it's not like cheese.
Yeah, well, no, they already do. They already got that without the soap.
Well, you ought to know.
Tendi for five before one, twelve fifty five and five sixty WQAM sports radio five sixty Q.A.F.
On your show now on five sixty WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
It's not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
I didn't make a mistake.
I'll say God always this Christmas stays on face on earth will have new meaning.
We've got just a broad ton of white house long walking in an intern wonderland.
All right.
On the way is the blue dress Monica never confess.
Quartz, Quartz.
I'll wear the right tie.
Can't start just my tie.
Walking in an intern wonderland.
In the middle I can get a snow job.
And pretend I think it isn't wrong.
Yeah, Mary, but no sweat man.
Forget my wife when you put on this song.
In the life in the bathroom.
For a man will happen there soon.
It feels okay.
Free having sex where you pee walking in an intern wonderland.
Oh, baby.
All right.
And back to you one o'clock at five sixty WQAM.
The Hank Goldberg show will be live and direct any wreck from Shula State to today to
a clock.
And then we got Josh and Clarence.
Did I say that right at six o'clock tonight?
Did I say that right?
I thought it was Cory.
John, like I said, Josh and Cory at six o'clock.
I don't know any of these people.
I've never seen any of these people.
I don't know who they are.
And then about what is it?
Ten years when we finally move in the same building here.
Well, actually see who they are.
And then we'll say, oh, well, there's no big deal.
And 630 we got the pregame show with the Geltie because seven o'clock we got the
game, baby.
The Panthers and the Sabers.
Any interest?
No.
Okay.
And our good friend Eddie Kaplan, after the game, who's an even better friend than ever because
he sent us a great check for center one, which we thank him profusely.
Don't forget you can go to boarders, pick up the best of Neil volumes one and two.
The Saturday will be at the Sheldon Pember Fines, which the address is one eighteen twenty
twenty five pines full of our directly in front of the Pember Clay Small.
Five to seven p.m.
will be there with all our best of Neil stuff.
Or you can call and order a direct from center one if you like five six three thirty six hundred
five six three thirty six hundred.
That's a nine five four number.
Or just check out our website, NeilRodges.com.
You can order direct off there too.
Okay, where we be going?
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes, just John, Hollywood.
Yes, John.
Yes, John.
I just, you're a real big fan now up in Washington, Ontario.
I sent them a copy of your playing bagpipes.
Yeah.
CD and the people are going crazy up there.
Oh, they do that a lot up there is one I hear.
There's a big bagpipes band up there.
Right.
And I mean, you're a hero.
They're probably as low as two and nine are right now.
They are.
Yeah, really.
Is there a way they want CDs?
Is there a place that's an address that I can, they can order them?
Well, just given that number, they can call an order.
I'm nine five four.
Okay.
Five six three.
Five six three.
Thirty six hundred.
Thirty six hundred.
And they'll have it in no time.
Oh, great.
I've done a big fan of yours for a year.
And playing bagpipes is on there by the way.
That's on the one.
Got one.
Right.
It's on there and they say what crazy over that.
Great.
And they just love it.
And I've been a fan of yours for years and years.
Talk to you of call before back on another station.
Well, we don't want to say that.
No, I know.
But keep up the good work.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
See you around, eh?
All right.
Okay.
You have an open-line and Broward.
Five six, five six, fifty pound five, sixty.
Come on.
Say it louder, sweetheart.
I can't.
There's some change, mister.
Can't hear you.
Five six, seven, oh five, fifty and pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Bill.
Yes, sir.
Hi, how you doing?
Great.
I listen to you quite often, I mean, I think you're a very common sense kind of guy.
Yes, I am.
Now, the thing that's been passed on.
I'm the voice that brings me, like no mistake about it.
It just asks me.
No, the thing that's not understand is now being discriminated against being gay.
That means that if a person for some reason, other than fact, their sexual orientation is
denied a certain right, for example, to be living somewhere, to be working somewhere,
whatever case I be.
Yes.
Now, don't you think that will be abused to some degree?
I'm not in one way.
And saying that perhaps the reason why they weren't afforded those rights or that admit,
for example, let's use rent, that they sent a lot to live in that particular apartment
building and whatever the reason was, was because the reason was that they were gay.
And in fact, it wasn't.
Wouldn't that be the reason?
Well, that would be the reason.
How about blacks?
Do you think that blacks use it in an excuse that people try to exclude them from any
of their building?
Didn't we pass civil rights and rights legislation to prevent that from happening, which was
happening all the time?
True.
Do I understand what you're saying perfectly?
And again, I mean, I'm glad that it's happening.
I mean, just because you follow complaint doesn't make it automatic, you obviously have to
prove your case that you're being discriminated against because you're black or gay or Jewish
or whatever you are.
You have to prove the case.
Yes.
But they've passed in hundreds of counties and places all over the country, and I don't
read about any problems with it.
Okay.
Is this something that I thought about, I wanted to ask you to see what you thought about
that.
Well, I hope it's never abused, so we never lose rights.
But then it would lose law right to discriminate?
Yeah.
No, no, not only not discriminate, but to that that people will not abuse the mere fact
that we're getting all these things passed in order to have equality in our country.
Put your mind to these pal.
Nobody's going to come running out saying I'm a fag in America today because they want
to mix some kind of a case.
Trust me.
All right.
And have a great day.
Okay.
We have an open line in Broward to and Dave five six seven oh five sixty pond five
six to the other 18 T wireless line.
Here's Halondale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, this is John down at Gulf Stream Park.
All right.
Hey, I listen to you the other day when you were talking about the Gulf to the golfer
that was Studdern.
When you were talking about the golf being a game and not a sport, I got a big kick out
of that.
Well, there must have been a tape.
That's why I was in Vegas.
That was a tape.
Well, anyway, you said something about the dockies being good at them.
Yes, they are.
Well, I tell you, a pound for pounds there is probably a good athlete as anybody in the
world and their fearless.
I would say next to hockey players, they're probably the best athletes in the world.
Absolutely.
You're right.
Anyways, the real thing.
Anybody who watches horse racing, especially Thuribird racing, more so than harness racing,
but anybody who watches it like with binoculars and we're closely in.
See how close those horses come in and then of course, see that terrible accident we had
yesterday called.
I mean, realizes just how much danger is involved there.
Absolutely, absolutely.
The reason I really called is I just don't know what's wrong with our justice system.
I read today in the paper about this little six-year-old girl that was beat to death by
her father.
Right.
And he stuffs her in a duffle bag and throws her in the forest and then they put him
in jail and protective sooting and won't let him out into the general population because
they're afraid to go get out.
Yeah, we got to protect him.
That's right.
Nobody was there to protect his little girl, but we got to protect him now, right?
Oh my God.
You know, I just love to have my way with him for just a few minutes.
I said somebody called about this in the beginning of the show and I said what they
other do is have a special place instead of protective.
They got to have like a non-protected place like throwing the Christians to the lions like
the Romans used to do.
They ought to like put him in a special area and just turn the other way like they often
do and just let him do whatever they want.
I tell you, I sure enjoy your show and if you ever make it down to Gulfstream, I'm in
barn 23.
My name is John.
Okay.
And maybe I can come up with a horse for you to catch a good guy.
All right.
Sounds good to me.
Thanks, John.
Okay.
I'm going to have a great time with you.
Anybody can come up with a horse for me.
I'm their friend immediately.
We have an open line and Broward to and Dave, 5'6705, 60, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Just like a pompadopark.
I've been going there.
I've been a good friend with theirs.
I've been the number one promoter in the media pompadopark for 100 years now.
Has anybody ever come up with a horse for me at pompadopark?
No.
Ever once has my good friend Kelly Shepherd ever come up with a horse?
No.
A close good personal friend, Wally Hannesy, did Wally ever come up with a horse?
No.
My close friend Kevin Wallace ever come up with a...
No.
Okay.
My good friend Bo Hall would ever come up with a horse?
No.
So I'll bowl the other night pompadopark.
Do you give me a horse?
No.
My good friend Iron Mike did my cover come up with a horse?
No.
Two open lines in Dave County.
5'6705, 60, 0560 on the AT&T.
I mean, that's okay.
We're used to losing up there.
We're used to going up there and losing not too much.
Just having a good time.
Having a few laughs.
Watching fat Rich go through his routine and run around the track.
Yanting.
He almost got shot out on one of my bets, yet the night.
Because he's up there talking with one of the owners up there.
And I'm saying Rich, they're going to the post.
30 seconds to post.
And he's looking at me.
He's just standing there staring off in this place,
thinking about the last race, which he just blew.
Go to the window.
Okay Rich, you're a great guy.
But go to the window.
Get the bet and okay, please.
Just go and get it in and cut the crap.
Eight minutes after one at 5'60, WQAM.
Sports Radio 5'60, Q-A-A.
If I'm going to suck on something,
it's not going to be an oyster.
If I'm going to suck on something.
I kind of thank you.
I ate the wrong things tonight.
I'm sorry, but I don't feel too loud.
I got to let my hands out.
They feel a little too tight.
That is the talking sound of the rolling dough.
And get down, close.
Then put in my risky shot, twist it, view.
Huh?
There's my dad of news, or say,
I don't know my dad.
The badger's trying to be crazy.
I'm trapped in the cross the room here.
To make it to the toilet, say, please.
Get it in and go.
Check me when my risky shot, twist it, view.
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
I'm going to go to the toilet.
You're going to get a disability.
Huh?
What's going on?
Huh?
Don't bother me, then I go.
I'm going to take my time.
Go ahead, guys.
I'm going to do it fast.
Because if I drop a strong and strong one,
now I'll feel fine.
There's a lot of stress in that new box.
And get down, close.
Then when my risky shot, twist it, view.
And get down, close.
Then when my risky shot, twist it, view.
Huh?
Huh?
What do you say?
114-560 WQM.
You know, we were just, the reason I was a little technically in after the beginning of that.
If I'm going to suck on something, it's not going to be an oyster.
No, it isn't because I made it so that it's because we're just discussing you're realizing that Christmas day and New Year's day come on Fridays this year.
Oh my God.
Which makes for a nice long three day holiday weekends back to back, which sounds like I was thinking to myself,
where can I go on those weekends?
Like any place but here sounds pretty interesting.
Okay, where we going to a mobile in Helen Dale.
Hello?
Huh?
Yes, sir.
Yes, I want to comment on the Quebec political situation.
Yes?
Have you ever been to Montreal?
No, I have not.
Oh my, it's a shame.
Too many frogs.
No, it's the one of the most beautiful historical cities in the world.
Right.
And what all this political problem with the city itself, it's the people who are there, that's the problem.
Exactly, well that's the problem.
Everybody knows that major economy has brought into a city, it's tourism, and if what all this bilingual garbage is going to want to go.
All of it.
The Franco files against the Anglo files and the frogs against the whatever.
I'm from Montreal, I mean, I just graduated and as soon as I got my degree, I just schooled down here six months, I'm down here in Florida,
and I just got out there so fast, I wouldn't believe.
I don't blame him.
And I don't know what's the way your hockey team is playing, I don't blame you either.
Oh, don't comment on that.
Oh yeah.
Florida is not any better, but we just say that's another situation that people I own the Canadian.
Not any better, I got news for Canadians are barely had a tap of bay.
You're just barely hanging on clinging to an inch away from the bottom spot in the conference, man.
Yeah, that's what I'll get you out.
That's another situation because the the the francophones or frogs that own that team don't want to spend any money and they have more money than anybody.
Right.
It's owned by the beer company and they have so much money, they can't invest on a quality.
Well, the most people can't recover since LeBat took over hockey nut in Canada, the most people are looking their wounds and they're just never going to be the same again.
So you're in for a lot of long drought.
Yeah.
Well, I don't know what they're going to do up there, but I'll like to go back, I really enjoy the city.
It's a good place to be from, just keep that in mind, it's a great place to be from.
Okay, that's an and the talk show there.
I mean, it's such a fresh fresh experience listening to you, you're just great on the radio there.
Just about to go run me out of town on a rail in two seconds up there, those private.
Those petries.
Okay, pal.
Thank you.
Have a great life, Parley, who have a great life.
We have an open line at Broward one in day.
See, that should be a lesson.
All the people down here, is it going to be a lesson?
No.
They learn anything down here.
No.
That the fight and over language, okay, it just doesn't get a language in Canada the last time I checked with English as in the Queen's English.
Language in this country is English.
If you learn to speak other languages, we salute you.
That's great.
But speak English, okay, and quit trying to use your language as a weapon like the frogs in Quebec, okay?
Sperson change, mister?
No.
No chance.
We don't even have a spare loony for all you cheap frogs up there.
Okay, then they come down here and they poison the environment down here all winter long, even though the loony's in the crepper.
There will be plenty of frogs down here where those Quebec plates on.
Those cheap bastards leaving non-existent tips, terrorizing the goddamn health and every restaurant, every establishment in this town.
And that's the idea of tourism down here.
Oh, yeah, we got the frogs to fall back on.
Okay, we got the loony tunis, baby.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Any old?
Yes, sir.
You know how you mentioned sometimes a football is a gay club.
Yeah.
I was watching a little college football this weekend and that's a gay club you want to be on.
Right.
And you know that the award for like the best linebacker is a best touch packer or linebacker?
The best linebacker is named after like a very, very, you know, tough sounding football player.
But if you say it's really slow, it's thick, but it's a kiss.
Oh, huh?
That sounds gay.
Yeah, it does.
I'd like to give you more.
I'd never noticed that over the years, I've been.
Well, those people in Chicago, they have fun memories of dick.
Okay, we have two open lines in day five, six, seven, oh five, 60 and pond five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
On a real smoking Wednesday, baby.
It's good, and that's been okay.
It's had its moments.
We've had our lulls, like maybe two or three hours.
It's, uh, we're trying to keep them awake and alert in the live.
That was great here from somebody who escaped from Montreal.
Nice going, pal.
Congratulations to you.
Just don't make a mistake and going back to as prox will, uh, terrorize you.
They'll kill you.
They'll destroy you.
And if they don't do it with their laws, they'll do it with their aroma.
Here's Poppano.
Hello.
Poppano.
Going once.
Going twice.
Long pause.
We know they're there.
Can they do it?
Can they muster the enthusiasm?
Can they do it?
In Poppano.
No chance.
Okay.
Probably Wally Hennessy.
We have an open line and date one and groward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, pop 5, 60.
On the AT&T.
And that's going to be our poll question by the way tomorrow.
Do the French Canadian smell as bad as the French in France?
Uh-huh.
Do they really, do they, do they, do they, do they know what I'm saying?
Do they bathe as infrequently as the Frenchman in France?
I should have asked this last guy.
Do they shower more than once a month?
No.
Here's a mobile in Poppano.
Hello?
Hello.
Yes sir.
No.
Yes.
Oh man, Bernie Kelly.
I'm from Miami but I'm going to Poppano Park here now.
How are you?
Great.
All right.
I'm going to clean couple horses tonight.
And uh, speed pine in the third race.
Yeah.
You got your good idea.
Speed pine, Kevin Wallace, right?
Yeah.
Right down the road.
And I'm from Poppano claiming him tonight.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
As well as in other ones.
And uh,
Is that horse out of the uh, Gordi Norris barn?
Are they training that horse still?
Right.
Oh, and you're going to claim a horse off of them?
Yeah.
Good luck to pal.
Yeah.
I heard you another day.
You said, thank God.
I like that.
All right.
Okay.
Good luck to pal.
You'll need it.
Got kind of a horse off Gordi Norris.
Okay.
We have two open lines.
And day one and Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Oh, we got a lady mobile in Hollywood.
This is a shock.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Um, I was listening before when you were talking about the,
remember the guy that called about the animal shots?
The vaccination?
Right.
In Broward, Kennedy, it's optional to purchase the tags.
It's an additional $10.
Well, what do you mean it's optional?
It's optional.
In other word, you just get your dog inoculated for babies.
But it's optional that you actually purchase the physical tags.
Well, what difference does that make?
The fact is that this guy didn't do it.
I understand that.
He's complaining that the knock on the door doggy police are going to be knocking on his door.
And in the meantime, he was too cheap to cough up to $10 to get them their dog tags.
But you can have, you can get your animals inoculated without having that type of tag.
He didn't even get himself inoculated.
Forget about his dog.
Excellent, Jonil.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Bye-bye.
Yeah, that guy was so full of crap.
He's telling me one story and then another story and about a beat.
But it leads all over the place.
I think I'm serious.
We had to trace that call and go there and take that dog out of there and save its life.
Okay.
We're getting down to the bitter end now.
Two open lines a day, two in Broward.
Boy, I'm telling you, you have to just keep beating on these people and beating on them and yanking and twisting and chewing and pulling.
Man, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Where can I go to December Christmas?
Of course, that's the only problem that Christmas is everywhere.
Oh, seriously, like Thanksgiving weekend, they don't celebrate Thanksgiving the same time in Canada.
You go to Toronto on that weekend, if you like.
In Vegas, they don't...
You know, we had no turkey on Thanksgiving.
You mentioned that.
Yeah.
Well, let me say it again.
We had no turkey on Thanksgiving because the Roomservice menu, it's not like they had some kind of a special Thanksgiving turkey dinner.
Because every day in Vegas, they treat like the same day.
They don't want to treat it like something special, like it's, you know, because they don't want you to waste any time with all that baloney.
They want you to eat your meal fast, get back down there in a casino, and lose your money and punch your brains out real good.
So what did you have?
What did I have instead of turkey steak?
How did I...
I totally mean you know, it was delicious.
The pilgrims would have eaten cowfe.
And that's right. The pilgrims were eating a lot of meat.
We have two open lines and they had one in Broward.
560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in the... Am I in the wrong line? I'm positive I am.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I was watching the game last night and I think I figured out a way for Needamire to play a little better.
Yeah.
I think they could remove the commentators' lips from that.
Uh-huh.
Adam material, take care.
Okay, thank you.
This is this man trying to say that Jeff Rimmer, I wonder what Rimmer thought about that third period last night.
They stunk.
Two open lines and they had one in Broward.
560.560.
I mean, you people that want to make your case for Robby, Needamire go ahead.
I watched it. In fact, if you watch when the tying goal was scored there at the end of the game in the last six tenths of a second,
he was standing there next to no-range of your player just aimlessly skating between the blue line and the goal.
Just kind of like a lost puppy out there.
Maybe he... Maybe he can go with this guy that don't have the dog tags that didn't get the inoculation for his dog.
Maybe he can go live with that guy.
Because he looks like a lost puppy dog out there two thirds of the time.
Oh, yeah, look at the points. He's got a few goals. I got news for him.
I keep my eye on him during the game, especially just to see if he's improving, if he's doing anything for us.
And the answer almost always is...
No.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Needamire, how you doing, buddy?
Yes, sir.
Great to have you back.
From what?
I mean, from Vegas?
Yeah.
I just got back from myself.
So, really, you know, I haven't heard you know of all this.
It's a good period.
Listen, I have two things.
First, I was reading this autobiography, and I think you're probably going to get a kick out of it from the new book, Great Slick.
And she's actually, I think you'll get a lot out of it because she has pretty much your same views on a lot of issues.
And she reminded me, actually, of you.
Yeah, but the best part is I was able to get to that point of mind without doing any magic mushrooms.
Yeah, but I just drugs in a lot of crap, you know.
Well, I think you'll find it quite funny if you're through the book.
And the other thing is, I don't know if you had actually a chance to see what's up in years, the one that does all of the porn stuff.
Now, both things?
Yeah, he was on the, I think it was a Sally show recently.
Yeah.
Like, last week, I mean, it was pretty funny.
I had no idea, but he was that huge.
He's huge.
I mean, wow, I mean, he said something that really stuck in my mind before he came.
He knew he had a monster in the appornal business.
Was he ever in the movies himself?
Uh-huh.
No.
Yes.
Oh, boy.
Something so grotesque that you, if you want to go on a diet, man, just want to look like that.
Did he look like that?
Did he look like that when he was doing that?
No, worse.
Even worse.
If it, if it, in fact, he sent us a video with him in Ron Jeremy.
There is more naked.
Okay, naked.
It was the most disgusting thing I've ever seen in my life.
Oh, man.
That's a bunch of, forget about that.
Exactly.
Too many of them.
Okay, I have a great day.
Too the hairyest, most disgusting, blubber-pussed Jews I have ever seen in my life.
Al Goldstein and Ron Jeremy just, uh, walking up a storm.
We have an open line in Broward.
Dave County is where we have the trigger in a wood pile today just kicking them in the ass.
It doesn't seem to work.
Maybe they're like looking their wounds yesterday.
They're over yesterday, huh?
All the Hispanic medical and medical and come at least them.
Maybe just didn't work.
Maybe they're getting their, uh, group together again trying to figure out how they can do it next time.
Or maybe they're just, uh, fixing up some more signatures on petitions because they're your swarries.
560560.560 on the AT&T wireless line 125 at QAM.
Sports radio 560 QAL.
Well, this is the glory hole.
You've been to traditional horror houses and you've tried the local escort service.
But the big problem with these is you're a real busy guy and your life moves real fast.
You don't have all that time it takes for your horn to get undressed.
Get ready.
Do the job and then get paid.
You just want to get in, get out, in and out, in and out, and then go.
Well, then you're going to love this.
It's the all new hump and go.
The prostitution station you've been dreaming of.
Once you drive up to a hump and go, you'll see an escalator at the front door.
Hop on.
At the top of the escalator, you'll see one of our many fine prostitutes all ready to go.
Once again, hop on.
Hump and go also has pay at the hump service too.
On the headboard, you'll see a little slot for your credit card.
Once you're done, just slide the card in and you're ready to go.
It's the all new hump and go.
The fastest f***ing thing in town.
130 at 550 WQ and by the way, Tom Jickers got a column.
And day after your Terry Jackson headed in the hero, but nevertheless got a column about the fall sweeps on TV, the local Nielsen ratings.
Guess which show is number one at four o'clock, George?
No speaking English.
What is it?
Christina.
Christina, correct.
Christina on Channel 20 Trace holds her lead on all comers including the once unbeatable Oprah.
Now Judge Judy also beats out Oprah.
Thank God and it's said her in so on, which is part of the reason why Channel 5 PM eyewitness news is slipped badly.
Rosio Donlon WTVJ is a non factor with less than half the rating of either Oprah or Judge Judy.
So evidently, they're not getting ratings by the pound.
That must be it.
But Christina is number one at four o'clock of all stations that is on Channel 23 no speaking English.
Wow.
We're sure learning a lot from Quebec, aren't we?
No.
Where we going?
Let's go to Delray Beach.
Hello, Niel.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
I've been to be someone that listens to you a lot and a long time listener.
My wife called in earlier today.
She was just trying to ask you a question about the sales department.
Why they weren't calling back and forth.
How come you had a call that name at the end?
Why could you just, I mean, all she's trying to do is just...
It was a joke.
Okay.
Because your wife's got to send this to humor.
She was talking about giving me a little sign.
You know what this is, Niel?
Now, I mean, she's feeling like I gave her the phone.
And I had someone call her a name and I said, listen.
She doesn't really know her.
Call her a name.
Yeah.
What should I do?
She doesn't want to advertise which are, you know, company and everything.
She wants to be on your...
So why are you both talking to me about this?
I gave her the...
And all that it goes from your police back.
I gave her the name of the sales guy and you're buying it.
Listen, I wouldn't take your spots if you paid me direct, okay?
Get lost.
How do you like that?
It's a one-two companion attack here.
You'd call him a name.
Yeah, asshole.
That's right.
He's an asshole.
Oh, now he's going to be all upset.
At least now she's going to feel better because she was only a...
What about a hooker or something?
He's an asshole.
That's right.
He's an asshole.
Get out of here.
Go bug somebody else.
Go, I'll put your spots in some other show, okay?
Anybody that's uptight is the tool you are.
I wouldn't do your business anyway.
All I'd have to do is make one, you know, cute comment in the middle of the spot.
Oh, why did you say that?
Because I felt like it, asshole.
We'll get out of here.
Like we're really hurting for our...
Are we hurting for business in this play?
Oh, yeah, we're dying for it.
We got more spots and you can shake your wand at.
Open line and day one and brow.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
I just realized he's gone. Just because they have so many people up there, they haven't discovered he's gone yet. Go back to New York, sir, okay, you're everything that's wrong with New York, and most of what's wrong with this town. Here's Stuart, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing fine. I don't get to listen to you too much up here, but you know what? I know how much it did like Wayne High's finger. Yeah, and I don't know if you heard last year, he's got his compound up in Palm City. Yeah.
He took the whole road that leads to a separate city called Port New Jersey and moved it out of his way. He's an asshole. He is a total asshole. He's an asshole. Yeah. He started to move, and nobody questioned it. They thought the county was doing it. Well, anyone who wrote his way, you don't mess with Wayne. Okay. He just goes in there and bullies his way through and he's an asshole. Right. And nobody noticed it until they had to connect the road to pay for road to it. And then he said, what the hell is this road not supposed to be here? He's an asshole. Yeah.
And you know what? When you were in Tampa and you said they're all about to hit it and don't know they're asking their elbow. Yeah. Well, have you been to Fort Myers? They're worse. No, I drive real fast when I go through there. We do have four people listening over there. So let's see.
I'm not going to ask him. I have a right day pal. Good luck to you. And drive real fast like I said. What was he saying about Wayne? He's an asshole. We have an open line in date to enbroward five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Why are sure feel bad about calling that guy's wife of name? Don't I know about calling him an asshole? I feel bad about that. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Now I understand why the sales department doesn't return their calls. By the way, yes, sir. Yeah. I you know, I can give you a good example of a half empty football stadium. You can't just say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm
not going to say that face of course. Honestly, Man!! So this ismies into home building, maybe about to mind me orange pearl every time I go to a hurricane football game. Oh you, you go to hurricane football games? Yeah!! Okay, well that explains it. Okay. Two open lines. I says, we had to inform board about what this vehicle got taken. I was like there will be big clash in between OMG. And he did a good job to stop it. Yeah!
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Amy.
I hear you.
Mr. Rogers, how are you doing?
Great.
Somebody called me to give you a call because you want to learn Dutch.
Is that correct?
I don't want to learn it.
I mean, I've been an Amsterdam about a hundred times, and it's just a very difficult language.
Well, you need to know something, I'm a Dutchman.
Ask you what?
I thought you want to know some more.
In other words, you're going to teach me Dutch on the air.
I know Don Kovell.
I know Austin Least, and that's it.
Those are my two words.
That's all you need, right?
That's all I need there, because they all stick English, and they all communicate very well.
What do you say in Amsterdam, you should hear?
What do I say?
Usually in a hotel.
Which one?
Which one?
Are you writing a book?
No, no, no.
I say in all the hotels, there are stay in the Barbizon Palace, the Pulski.
I've stayed in the Swiss hotel.
I've stayed in dozens of hotels.
They all come to play.
You like the Crescent Pulski?
Yes, they got a new...
What's convenient, but...
Yeah.
Oh, what?
It's not a great hotel.
It's not?
They got a new wing there.
It's the most modern hotel in Amsterdam.
That's not so, Mr. Rogers. Don't get me that.
But if you want to be in a good hotel, go to the Okora.
That's the best in the world.
They have an executive wing that is brand new.
I know.
Behind the Bayer Corp, correct?
Behind the one?
Behind the Bayer Corp.
What about the apartment store?
Right.
Yeah, I know.
I know when it will start, they will start building it, and...
Have you been in it?
Of course I've been in it.
I know the Crescent Pulski.
I know it for almost 35 years.
Like I said, it's a dump.
So it's right on the dam?
Oh, that's... no, it's very coming.
But you like Amsterdam?
No, I don't like Amsterdam. I love Amsterdam.
That's correct.
What's not to like?
Correct.
Well, I'm moving there back a couple of...
Maybe...
Yes, everywhere.
By the way, Neil, did you see a TV game on Sunday about the Cold War
and Cuba between Cuba and the US?
Yes, I'm CNN, yes.
And...
What do you think about it?
What do I think about what?
That was 38 years ago.
What do I think about what?
No, because...
I don't think about it.
No, because...
I think about my next trip to Amsterdam.
I don't think about the Castro and Kennedy's dead and Castro out of it.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, listen, I'll see you on the dam right.
I'll be on the same Markton Air flight back to Amsterdam.
On the same flight as what?
As you.
Okay.
The same flight as me?
Yeah, as you.
Meaning what?
On your next flight to Amsterdam on Markton Air?
Yeah.
I'll be there and I'll sit one row before you in business class.
How do you know that?
I'll tell you.
Watch.
I'll come and see you.
Great. I can't wait.
We'll have a good flight.
Okay.
Whatever he says.
Okay, we have two open lines in day two and powered.
56670560 and pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
21-2 at QAM.
All right. This is C Gordon Liddy.
And they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
Thank you.
I guess that this could be one.
That I won't be alone anymore.
I guess what I did was we'll jump.
So did you forget the kind of.
Okay, okay.
I should have known.
If it's you then it's you and my disciples ending.
And for nine months wait I will be gaining soon will be among me.
Because my theory is lay.
I don't know how this should be.
You are in deep and funs world.
Next time I should get your name.
Not ready to be a mother.
I should keep my leg together.
I got no one but me to blame.
Is it you then it's you and my disciples ending.
And for nine months wait I will be gaining soon will be among me.
Because my theory is lay.
I have to name my mistake.
I'm going to be sitting on the same flight once you're away.
145 at 560 WQAM.
We have an open line and brown to and date.
Everybody's a Yinter.
560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Yes sir.
I just called to see if you got my phone.
I have a chance to listen to it.
I just checked to see if you had a chance to get to it.
I got it.
I'll listen to it tomorrow.
Okay.
Thank you.
Open line and brown to a date.
560 on the AT&T wireless line.
The cruise ships.
Confiscating slot machines in the black tech tables.
Having big media stage events for the TV cameras.
Bobby Butterworth and Ken Jenny.
Never met a slot machine.
They weren't terrified of.
Here's Palm Beach.
Hi Neil.
Two points out of a guy there with his wife.
Oh God.
They wonder why our sales department will return their phone calls
assuming they actually really are making any.
Of course.
We all know what she was trying to sell.
So maybe I was right.
Maybe she is a hooker.
Maybe this guy is her Pimp.
It's a lot of Picks.
Neal.
He's an asshole.
You had an old Latin lady call your station.
I was on the road delivering the mail.
You delivered her about 60 okays in all different languages and ways.
That drove me off the road.
You never use okay anymore.
I'd like for you to use it tomorrow often.
Okay.
Thank you.
Okay.
Have a shameless request.
Okay.
50 ways to eat your love.
Okay.
Bye.
That's not what it's called.
It's called 50 ways to eat a lobster.
You better get a writer.
We're going to be in big trouble over here.
Two open lines hadbrowed one in Dave County.
Speak now or hold it forever.
We got Hank from Shula State too coming up into a clock.
We got Josh and Flash and whoever the hell it is.
So in the monkey numbers.
We got a bunch of five year old kids at six o'clock to kill a half hour
and they work real cheap.
Then at six thirty we got the pregame with Gildi.
And we got the Panthers and the Sabers tonight seven o'clock.
All right.
That should be really something.
Here's Dave the Cop who's a real chronic pain in the ass.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Well, I'm on vacation.
I'm headed up to Maine in a couple days.
Well, if I were on vacation,
I wouldn't be sitting around calling the talk show.
You know what I'm saying with all due respect Dave?
Well, do you have any respect?
No.
Hey, well, there you go.
Hey, well, I'm glad that ordinance passed here today.
But we're really frost my ass where these churches bringing down loads of people
in the congregation.
We're not even American citizens.
Uh huh.
Find the club somebody else's right.
Yeah, they call them that it comes.
Yeah, that's a very good point.
We have a lot of other people from banana boat countries who have no concept of what freedom is all about
the Constitution or anything that has to do with the liberty.
And these people are coming here trying to discriminate against others.
You're an excellent person.
You know, they need to worry about the Marxists that the Venezuelan voters are going to freely
elect in a couple days and then stop infringing on our rights.
In a real quick story, I stopped the guy yesterday,
a couple days ago, I mean,
and it wasn't for a tick or anything.
It was just a problem.
Yeah, I would declare I knew them to correct it.
He had one of them fish on the back of it.
Yeah, but it's like I close it.
This one take a filter in the middle.
I love it.
And he gave me the order form because he just purchased it and he had a spare order form.
So I'm going to get a few and pass them around.
Beautiful.
And in light of yesterday's ordinance passing, they're going to freeway our guides.
Okay.
All right.
Sure, they've had a good time in Maine and don't call us when you come.
I mean, call us when you come back.
Open line of Broward to a date, 567-0560,
pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's 11 before 2 a.m.
Who gives South Florida a major blowjob?
All right.
The problem is all inside up,
that she said to me.
But the answer is easy,
if you practice or relieve.
You must enhance your full play,
currently, will leave.
It must be 50 ways to reach your lover.
Live flat on the back, Jackie.
Go down to a plan, Sam.
Use the vibrating toy, Roland.
Just listen to me.
Pick the alphabet, Shit.
So get yourself some food, where?
More capital T.
Two cents by me.
I said I've treated that act with the utmost disbain.
To go south with the mouth, I'm sorry.
I'm afraid, but a few insist.
Then would you please explain about the 50 ways to reach your lover?
All right.
50 ways to reach your lover.
Okay.
Just keep on the trip, Jackie.
Buckle up on a beast.
Eight pieces of that pie.
Now listen to me.
Now on the move.
Just give it enough cash.
More capital T.
Two cents by me.
If I'm going to suck on something,
it's not going to be an oyster.
