Sports radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the best of Neil Rogers.
No live calls will be taken today.
Neil is on tape.
Okay, that tape were many this, but it's not here.
Please don't call.
The opinions heard on the Neil Rogers show are those of the hosting colleagues
and do not necessarily reflect the views of easily-lead acquisitions
or the easily broadcast group.
It's management or anyone else for that matter.
Now remember, this is the best of Neil.
Do not call.
Put the damn phone down.
Just relax and enjoy on 560 QAM.
Can't beat that gator me.
Neil God, I will use QAM.
Where the packet is.
All right.
I sporadically thank you all for watching.
You thank me all of you for coming to me now!
Was not what we were up to.
I've been here too long, here on the grassland.
Clash, clash, the kind that you flatter.
Inclaively.
I have a big bed impression of ring from all of the presents.
Could be resulting from anything too much butter.
That's ring so for me.
Now every time I stand up, I'm just like it's that I should get stuck out.
I'm just like this.
Clash, clash, the kind that you flatter.
I'll put you in one thing, I learned something this morning.
Beyond a shadow of a doubt.
10.03 at 5.60 WQM, happy Wednesday to you.
What is this obsession in this town with collared sports?
And not only collared sports, but how far would you say it is?
About 300 miles to Gainesville, I've never been there.
More 350 miles?
It's 400 miles to Jacksonville, it can't be 300 miles away.
The stuff that's going on here, does anybody care about that?
No.
But Gainesville, man, they're obsessed with Gainesville.
Maybe we need to get an education here today.
Maybe we need to talk to some people, not about the Gators.
I saw a licensed tag, I'm going to get my mail last night at my post office box.
And there's a guy in front of me, he's got one of those specialized licensed tags with a picture of a Gator on it.
And it says no, no, a picture of a seminal thing.
It said no Gators.
It was the good thing.
N-O-G-A-T-O-R, no Gator.
Don't you want to stick your finger in your nose?
Because every time I see either Steve Spurrier or Bobby Bowden, I forget about Terry Bowden.
He saw a picture of himself on TV with a white shirt in the baseball camp and he said,
I'm so dang embarrassed, I got to get out of here.
And he just ran off and quit.
He hauled ass him quit.
But what is it about college sports in this town?
I mean, I thought this was like a sports station because I see a piece of mail at Greg Reed got this morning,
which thank God he shared with me, because we like to know when the end is near.
And it says, get rid of N-O-R-G-R's.
We want sports.
Oh!
On the sign, of course.
No signature, no address, no nothing.
Get rid of N-O-R-G's.
We want sports.
Even though his ratings are like double anybody else on the station, do you realize that,
oh, did we get a response on that?
Were the attend to two numbers are yet?
No.
Well, why not?
Let's get with it over there.
Okay, it's Wednesday already.
The book came out on Friday.
Let's get those ten to two numbers.
So we have our own real numbers these four hours.
And we can sit here and brag about them how great they are.
Like kind of morning drive and afternoon drive put together in some demographics.
And they bring it in more money, making more money than any other day part.
But let's get rid of N-O because you don't want to talk sports.
And you especially don't want to talk about that nose picking gator craft.
And seminal craft.
And we're going to send a big black guy away.
We're going to send him out wide.
And he's going to run like a mother scratcher.
And we're going to throw him to ball.
And we're going to score, score, score.
And I mean, get serious.
Will you please?
So I know it isn't.
And of course, when I do talk sports, there's no response anyway because I talk about a real sport like hockey,
which we got the game with the Red Wings tonight.
And we got a thousand unsolved tickets for that, including the 500 Panther packs.
So please, let's fill that joint up.
I heard Gordon Murphy on with the worst team this morning.
I was going, Gordon, good guy, very articulate.
So actually said something.
But not everything that he would like to say, I'm sure, but nonetheless.
And they had no calls about that.
In fact, up until the gators of part, they had basically no calls.
There were some shorts that were called in about some dolphin injury.
I'm not Craig Eerson, but somebody else I never heard of.
And that was it.
Some show.
But there wasn't any discussion about the situation with the Whitney,
which he may now play on a second line.
We understand if he does.
You know who to thank for that.
Yeah, I understand that Terry Murray was having big gigantic movements yesterday during the course of the show.
See, this ain't one of those places where you can run and hide because I'm going to expose all the crap you guys are doing.
Even if we get no response to it, like I said, they had no calls about that this morning.
And they were going on and on a great length about the benching of Whitney and Stala.
And about Terry Murray being a hard ass.
And they had Gordon Murphy on there.
Did they have one call about that?
No.
No, but we had all depots got to do is get out that, get out, get out, get out these goat,
which I think is the one that Terry and Brian Murray were photographed.
Do one.
Get that go down and start with that Gator stuff.
And here, here they come one after another after another with one finger in their nostril, one in their neck.
Go and start with that Gator crab.
And here we are in Miami.
You know what's interesting?
The one call I did here was the guy who set up there on Jamesville radio.
They don't talk about the Heracuns.
They talk about the Gators.
They talk about what they're doing up there.
Which they're not in the same conference.
You know what, what's the big deal?
What's the attraction?
But because we have so many people down here who had the misfortune to go into school up there.
See, I went to a school where we have a crappy football team Michigan State.
We had a couple of good years, you know, 67, a couple of good years along the way over the years.
But you know, something, does anybody really care all that much?
No.
There's plenty of corruption and plenty of a scandal and plenty of illiterate jocks up there.
But does anybody really care?
No.
They went to Michigan State whether the team loses or not?
We got a great hockey team.
But do we care about the fact that our football team sucked?
No.
And that Michigan, you're in and you're out like this year, almost every year beats this not out of us.
We beat Notre Dame this year.
There we go.
That's our claim.
The family don't need to do anything else.
But these people that go to school at some college and right away they become obsessed with the football team.
Obsessed like it to replace them a substitute for a life.
I don't get it.
I don't understand it.
That sports talk in this town.
Not professional sports.
College sports.
I'm going to tell you something.
Maybe we can actually work it down to a meaningful level.
We can start talking high school sports.
How about junior high sports?
How about kindergarten sports?
Oh right.
There's a kid over there who plays at Miami High about seven years old.
He's going to be he's growing about six two already.
Six years old, six two.
Hung like a moose.
And we're going to send him out there.
He's going to go out wide and he's going to run like a mother's going to run a goddamn cross.
And they're going to feed that thing up there.
They're going to do a hill.
Mary.
It's unbelievable.
And don't you think it's a unbelievable.
It's amazing to me that grown people that adults are so obsessed and so and just so full of like psychosis about this.
Like it's important.
Like the future of the world depends on Geater football or seminal football or her a cool football depending on who got the biggest you know.
Suppose this year stuff like that.
Isn't that what it really is all about?
Who's got the biggest suppose?
Because I'm going to tell you Steve Spurrier and Bobby Bowden you put the two of them together and you still have minus points in the IQ column.
Yeah, who every time I see those guys.
Yeah, who that's what comes to mind.
I think of the things that are wrong with the state of Florida.
Not the things that are nice about it like the weather most of the time.
Like those nice pretty palm trees stuff like that.
But I think of the things that are wrong when I see those guys like kind of like yeah, I got my finger all the way up to where my brain used to be.
In fact, maybe that's what happened.
Maybe they hit their finger up there so much where the brain used to be.
They kind of like scratched it out.
When it out it kind of fell out.
You know what I'm talking about?
I think you do.
Remember, this is the best of Neil Rogers.
No call today.
It's all been previously recorded.
The best of Neil on 560 QAM.
It's all been previously recorded.
The best of Neil on 560 QAM.
It's all been previously recorded.
The best of Neil on 560 QAM.
It's all been previously recorded.
The best of.
Can beat that Gatorneet.
Can beat that Gatorneet.
So George just added some hysterical lunatic on the phone, which I wish we could have gotten them on the year.
We always get those people like in the middle of the break.
Otherwise I could punch it up right on the year.
Screaming hysterically, which I don't know what he was all bent out of shape about.
The fact that I discuss sports.
Therefore I'm a hypocrite.
I don't discuss sports.
I talk about hockey, which is a level above all the other sports in a class by itself.
How about that game last night?
Even though it was a scoreless tie.
Dominic Aschick, fourth straight shot out of the Rangers.
Aschick was great.
Richter was great.
Unbelievable.
Almost of that.
Saw the beasur play great last night for the flyers beating Saint Louis 2-1.
See I talk about real sports that real men watch.
Okay.
Not college football, which is for overgrown children.
I mean, how, why don't we talk about college soccer?
How about lacrosse?
Covering big and colleges up there in the Ivy League.
They play lacrosse.
How about college golf?
Huh?
College swimming.
College diving.
That's what Greg Lucenas always said.
Divers do it deeper.
That's what he said.
Now look what happened to him.
I mean, let's, you know, get into the nitty-gritty.
That's the problem with this town.
You don't hear it like during the Amarlin's thing this year.
I mentioned this yesterday.
Is there any intelligent discussion about baseball?
Hey, Eddie, you sick Leibon's going to win 20 games this year.
That's the level of conversation you got about baseball in this town.
This might be also thing.
If we had real sports fans in this town.
And by the way, I didn't know cheaper to go see your ball games in this town than is any place else.
Casey, Mr. I didn't notice.
People be screaming about this.
They'd be having a nervous breakdown.
And by the way, the match only paid $30 million more for the whole deal in the next highest offer.
Smart move there, Mets.
But do we have any comment about that?
No.
They talk about college sports.
That's what, and even what they do talk is kaka nonsense.
Oh, my school better than yours is deeper.
Where do you go to school?
You're some kind of a seminole.
Oh, my god.
You're some kind of a hercule.
That's not sports talk.
That's kaka.
That's baby crap.
That's like that.
So the notion that I'm the evil one on here.
There must be a reason that all these people are tuned in.
Like the guy that was screaming at you that claims he's going back to change his radio right now.
Who listens every single goddamn day.
And his listening as I speak right now.
But doesn't have the co-homes to call him speak to me.
It wants to be right you because he's such a macho man.
He's probably a goddamn gator if you ask me.
And you know something?
The gators, the seminoles, and her arcane.
They can all kiss my big fat recto.
And I don't give a crap about any of them.
Except I do like to see the herculeans lose.
I do like that.
I'll confess to that.
I was very, very sad when Dave Lamont was shrieking and yelling and screaming.
At the end of that West Virginia game on Saturday that the a field goal was wide right or wide left.
Or wide something because I couldn't understand what he was saying.
Because he was screaming so goddamn loud.
Is if it was about something very important, which it wasn't.
But nevertheless.
I do enjoy seeing them lose because number one of the corruption of the program and number two because of the full.
It's a phantom thing in this town.
They couldn't even sell out the FSU game, which 60% or 80% of the people where there were seminal fans.
They couldn't even sell out that game.
Could they?
No.
That's right.
But if they should have like one of their glory years again, all of a sudden, then they'll be packing 80,000 phony out front.
This town is great for that.
Front running phony.
Very big on that.
So I'll talk about whatever the hell I want to talk about.
Thank you.
And a response will be just the same.
None.
Neil, just like I heard this morning.
See, I feel much better about it now.
There's only one person on this station that gets phone calls that tank.
Have you noticed that?
Tank.
No, seriously.
Hank can sit down into his three or four minutes or five minutes or whatever and ramble on.
And there you go.
Here's Tom and Davey.
One after another after another.
Now most of them are of course compulsive gamblers.
But nevertheless, I salute Hank to fact that his phones bring off the morning show.
Do they get calls?
No.
Do we get calls him?
No, get it.
I got a bus.
I got a pop a bone to get these bags.
You talk to the rest.
They're out there.
Just like that guy that's calling you screaming and holler.
But they're intimidated.
See, I'm supposed to be the limperasted fact.
They're supposed to be the macho man.
And of course, they're hiding behind the, behind the end in the middle of the telephone.
Which is, I mean, even less excuse for them not having the becones to talk to me.
But they just can't do it.
Can they do it?
No.
No.
I want to hear right now from some people.
Tell me about gamesville.
What would you give me a look like that?
Or I'd never been to gamesville.
I would like to find out something about it.
What kind of a community is it kind of like Lakeland?
I've driven to Lakeland.
That's a horrible place.
I've never driven to Lakeland.
But it's like Lake City.
Is it like that?
Where they have a horse country?
A lot of horses, horses, horses running around?
You know, it's a college town.
A lot of young people running around.
A lot of bricks.
A lot of IV on the walls.
IV.
You can go float the H2T.
IV on the walls?
Are you making it sound like kind of like Harvard now?
Something like that.
I believe.
It's just like Dartmouth or a pen or a cardinal or whatever.
I believe school kind of like Brown.
No.
Oh, I wouldn't know.
A huge new higher learning.
I mean, does anybody learn anything in gamesville?
Is it like a real school?
You learn how to drink.
Well, do you do that in any school?
I'm still waiting in gamesville, people 5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
We want one person to give us a, before we get in anything else here this morning.
Because I'm fascinated with the obsession with this gator thing here.
I mean, I know that there are people, the animal hoggers who are into gators,
and anybody ever seen any gator droppings?
Because I thought I heard of you this morning during the course of the last half hour of that show.
Gator droppings.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello, Dave.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I moved on here a few months ago from Houston.
Yes.
I moved on here during the time when the baseball team was selling out all their star players.
Yeah.
And I remember you were, you were writing and raven about that.
You were given away your tickets and different things.
Right.
And you were trying to influence, uh...
And nobody cared.
Right.
But I remember that you were saying that you weren't against the players.
You were trying to send a message or we should send a message to Wayne Heizanga.
My question to you is this though, now that we've got hockey,
aren't we still supposed to be trying to send a message to him and not supporting the hockey?
I've already said that.
I'm hockey for me is a way of life.
It's more than just a sport and I don't care who the owner is.
Hockey to me is more important than Wayne Heizanga or any one person.
I don't give a crap on the team in addition to which he claims he's going to be selling the team.
I hope he does real soon.
I don't care about that.
Okay.
And I've already said that.
You know, it doesn't make me a hypocrite.
I've already admitted that.
But hockey is more important to me than worrying about who the guy damn owner is.
Okay.
But let's face it.
I mean, as bad as the team is,
it's not like the hockey team had a whole bunch of superstars that we gave away
and we dismantled the team and we had a crappy team last year.
And it looks like we got a pretty crappy team again this year.
It's not like he did the same thing there.
He slapped the fans in the face with the Marlon thing.
Okay.
He went out and he bought a championship team.
He spent a lot of money for it.
And then he said,
well, we're going to have a new stadium.
You know, we're not going to be able to keep the Marlon there.
And then, you know, he gave everybody away.
And he still didn't care.
They lost 108 games and nobody still cared about it.
Well, I missed that segment where you are.
You made that statement.
I said it many times.
And I'm saying it to you again here.
Okay.
Thank you so much.
In addition to which, I don't pay for the hockey tickets.
This station buys my hockey tickets.
I buy a soda for about 250 or 275 or 3 to quarter, whatever diet soda isn't.
That's all the money he gets out of me.
All right, now.
Okay.
And back to you.
Okay, there we go.
Is any gamesville people online?
Anybody online this morning?
No.
No, not a one.
See what I'm saying?
Is that a difficult thing to find out somebody who lives in a gameville?
Somebody who went to school there.
We got to find out what the hell is the bigger traction with gamesville.
Maybe it's even more exciting than East Lansing, you think so?
No.
And Arbor?
No.
Columbus?
No.
Christopher?
No.
567-0508.
I'll sit back here and wait.
This is going to be just like this for the older ones.
No, no music.
I'll wait.
Let that transmitter kick off.
567-05060.
Pound 560 on the mobile one line.
This is one of the great mysteries of my life.
Gamesville.
Gator droppings.
Let's hear it.
Come on.
How long do you think this is going to take?
And see this one guy, the first guy that calls, he wants to do.
Not like a full-bone shot, but a little shot of me aren't I hypocrite.
Yes, I am about to you, hockey thing.
And like I said, I don't care who the guy named owner is.
Just look around.
Just keep looking around you.
567-05060.
Pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Good to go.
This morning by the way.
22 after 10 to 560 WDQM.
Hank will be here at two from Schulis State to.
We got the books to read six.
We got the Panthers and the Detroit Red Wing seven o'clock tonight.
Any interest in that?
No.
No.
Just one.
Did I, you think I asked a difficult question?
Sure.
If I'm on an analyst answer, do you think that that was a difficult?
I mean, if the, see, see the point I'm trying to make, if there's all this interest in the
Gator Crap and Gator football and this redneck Steve Spurrier, then there must be some connection with Gainesville.
It's 300 F and miles away from here.
And I'm waiting to hear what it is.
And I can't get one friend.
You know they're all listening.
Airby God damn what I'm including this jackass that wrote the anonymous postcards.
Get rid of the arrangers we want sports.
And I'm trying to learn.
And I want you to learn me something.
Okay.
And I still can't hear nothing here about Gainesville, which haven't at least a hell of a lot more important than anything else that's going on.
Five six seven o five sixty.
Are these lines working?
Oh, guess what?
The following working.
How do you like it?
I'm sitting here screaming and yelling and carrying on the phone's not working.
How did the one guy get through?
Hello.
Yeah, I do.
How do we, where did you come from?
I just called from a mobile and bokeh.
How long ago?
Uh, I've been ringing for about 10, about 10 10 rings.
Our phone, I'm sitting here.
You know something I could be saying every word that the phones broke.
It might be.
No, it might be.
It is.
I'm calling about Gainesville.
Okay, let's hear it, pal.
You're on.
Class of 96 graduate.
We're here for five years.
And tell me all about Gainesville.
What is the next goal?
I guess it's your constant college town.
I've been to some other college towns and I thought Gainesville was the best one.
You know, I've been studying at Gainesville.
Better than East.
Better than East.
I don't know.
I've never been up there.
I've only been to a couple of other.
Definitely.
Better than Ann Arbor.
Only two of a couple of schools in the South.
Can beat that Gator me.
I can't talk about East Lansing and Columbus in places like that.
My brother did go to Columbus about a month ago, though, for a football game.
He said he really had a great time.
He said that, you know, of course, the people in Ohio are very nice.
And that Columbus was a great college town.
It was a little bit comparable to Gainesville except that it was just a much bigger city.
And of course, you've got the different weather.
And if they find out.
I mean, other because I hear people saying, well, of course, they still out every game in the football game.
Because there's nothing else to do there.
And I hear that all the time.
They, you know, that's, they do say that that's true.
But you have to remember that about half the people that go to those games come from all around.
They drive up from here, you know, from Tampa, from Jacksonville.
So I mean, the population of Gainesville probably, I'm not going to say it doubles,
but it goes up by a lot on game day.
Now, what's the, what's the, what's the, what's the, what's the,
what's the student population right now?
It's right around 40,000, 40,000.
And they do 70,000 and some for the games, right?
85 85 85 and saw every game.
Of course, that's right.
Every game sold out even if we're playing a deaf and dumb you or for playing Florida state.
It doesn't matter.
Are you calling her coons name deaf and dumb you now?
No, no, no.
I'm talking about like a little cream puff that we played open and see.
Right. Well, everybody's got to do that.
And I'm getting on again.
The reason why we do that is because you know, our family's only problem is up in East
Lansing. We tried that too, but every now and then they beat us.
So it didn't work out there like central Michigan, Eastern University.
Luckily, luckily that hasn't happened to us recently.
So hopefully it won't happen in the near future.
Okay, pal, go Gators.
I see.
Take care now.
Now, this was the most revealing thing that has ever happened to me in my life.
I've been broadcasting for 600 years.
And I'm sitting here and I'm getting every day.
I'm getting sabotaged over here.
I'm getting a job.
You saw it.
You're always doing it.
Like I said, I hate the system getting her.
The people.
Phone system.
I'm going to tell you I'd like to break the goddamn thing.
Now I'm going to do a Hank Glover right here on a year and lose it.
I'm going to do a Hank right here and just totally lose it.
Because I've been sitting here for God damn ten months with a phone system that doesn't
f'ing work.
I'm sitting here saying to myself, even for a crank to be calling it.
I mean, I know if we got anybody listening, something must be going on.
I reach over here and I start pressing all the goddamn buttons.
Now let me ask you this.
What happened after I did that that suddenly magically allowed the calls to start coming through?
George, what happened?
I just picked them up.
It's still broken.
So in other words, they don't ring.
They don't ring.
Or it doesn't show up on here.
Now I could go and reset the system to see if that helps and it probably will.
I'm going to tell you something.
This guy upstairs wants to be a big shot.
Like I've told you before, Mr. wannabe, we could get a goddamn erector set.
We could get our own little goddamn teeny tiny transmitter and put it out here on 441.
At least the people on 441 could hear the goddamn station their cars, which they can't now.
I could build a better goddamn studio with a guy with an erector set with a play toy.
Then this man is put here for us ten months sitting here with a goddamn,
and you remember in the beginning when the phones wouldn't drop off?
We've had more f'ing technical goddamn problems and still got those big numbers.
How do you like that for all you sports nerds that can't stand the show who are all listening right now?
I'm going to reset it during the break.
We ought to reset the whole goddamn radio station is what we ought to do.
Remember, this is the best of Neil Rogers.
No call today.
It's all been previously recorded.
The best of Neil on 560 QAM.
It's all been previously recorded.
The best of Neil on 560 QAM.
It's all been previously recorded.
The best of Neil on 560 QAM.
It's all been previously recorded.
The best of...
This station stands for nothing.
Cool, cool baby.
Let's turn this mother out.
Pop the magi-rapper is on my TV.
No one heard of him before.
His name is Pop that he has said that Pop the magi-rapper won't be here that long.
Not on what's in learned stuff.
Sing on the right of Riggand's song.
I said Pop the magi-rapper is all over MZV.
Only because of one shot notorious PIG.
That guy may be someone to sell him making it his way wrong.
Taking at your dead best friends.
Be king, plus balls.
Snoop Dogg, doggy doggy dog.
On the ball track.
1033 at 560 WQAM.
A talk show without a phone that works.
How do you like that?
We're kind of used to it though, aren't we?
It's on this point, yeah.
So in other words, there were all these people calling.
Every guy at the M line had somebody on the other end,
but they were in ringing because the little green light don't come on in here.
Like on line two here.
Say, oh, now the dial is in, but when a ring doesn't delight up is what you're saying to me.
That's what I'm saying.
Great.
Okay, so we'll do the best we can as usual.
Here on Slipshot Radio.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Neil? Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm a Florida graduate.
I got a little stuff to steal on that city.
A lot of people are calling and trying to make this a glorified town about Gainesville and Berkshire Florida.
Let's face it, the nickname for that town is Haunt Town.
That's what it's known by the local public.
Yeah.
And number two, the only thing that's ever been beneficial out of University of Florida is its marijuana grilling.
That's one of the best weed in America.
Now we're talking that drug culture is phenomenal.
And I don't know if you did up there for four years is I've got stone got laid in a with the cloth.
Like I said, just like Ann Arbor, it sounds like to me.
It's a great town.
I'll never forget it.
I lost a few brains.
I'll put it was worth every dollar.
What's the obsession down here?
I mean, this gator thing is it's bigger than the dolphins.
It's bigger than all the other sports in this town, but together it's like a like a mental sickness down here.
Well, sir, if you go up there and you have to spend any time in games that looks like being under jailhouse arrest.
Yeah, nothing to do with the most boring town in the world.
That's why everybody goes to the football games.
If you're not getting high, you're going to football games.
You're getting laid out.
When you're pregnant about 85,000 people filling up every game even when they're playing the bump for you.
It doesn't mean it means nothing.
It means nothing.
And those people often gain so they travel it like the last caller said they travel from all over the state of Florida.
It's the biggest boosters in Florida, come gain so they get the biggest booster club.
But there's nothing going on in games.
The list of the pressing stats, the static count.
It's known as Hongtown and any local will call you up and tell you that's the big name.
All right.
Thank you, Neil.
Okay, pal.
Hey, George is not a way to see how good the weed is up there.
We have now did that ring?
I already know how good it is.
What do you know?
It's a lot of the weed is from Gainesville.
I visited friends up there and yeah, he's right.
The place sucks and there's nothing to do there, but they get stoned and get late and get late.
So what's wrong with that?
What's everybody bitching about?
Sounds okay to me.
Two open lines a day.
They won't ring.
I don't know what's going on here.
We ought to just play music today and teach these back to the goddamn lesson.
That's what we really ought to do.
Stick us in here with a bunch of second rate crap.
Top rated show in the goddamn market.
Top billing a top rate and over and by the way, we ever get those numbers.
No, from 10 to two.
Oh, and I don't think we're going to at least not today.
Why not?
Duff is on vacation and Greg will not be in today.
Okay, okay.
So here you go.
I want you to follow this now.
Follow the bouncing ball.
Okay.
The general manager Greg Reed with the pasty suit.
He won't be in the day at all.
And the program director, you think I get a lot of vacations.
This guy when he's here, he's on vacation number one.
But now he's done another.
What is this?
It's the end of October.
It's only his 18th week on vacation this year.
Is that what the deal is?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, there you go.
So if there's something wrong, is there anybody?
Oh, you know who's in charge?
Oh, my God.
And he don't talk to us.
That's right.
The water Nazi.
She's the one in charge.
Maybe that's why it's taking him so long to get that goddamn parking lot fixed downstairs.
You know, that's the repayment of parking lot.
The inside of those of those big shots.
That that's like a major.
It's like a 10 year project down there now.
By the way, when you go on vacation, can I borrow your clicker so I can park under the building like hot shot?
No.
Next question.
So this is fantastic.
So let's just have a party here today.
Okay, let's do our own thing.
We got nobody wanting to place it on automatic pilot.
They cranked in that automatic pilot switch.
And we're just doing it like, and maybe it'll ring and maybe there'll be somebody on there.
You should add a sound.
That's buddy.
All right.
That was great.
I was just called for the 15 minutes.
Oh, what news call?
Now, which buddy is that?
That's the old guy.
Oh, the old guy.
Is that right today?
What was the death threats?
Yeah.
You meet everybody, the wife, the receptionist upstairs.
Yeah.
We'll get to him again.
Have his number.
Do you have his number?
What is his number?
You'll get a call here and keep making death threats.
And that wants to have his phone number.
I already reported a Southern bell.
It's already been reported.
305.
948.
948.
3914.
3914.
He's been calling us for weeks.
Some old cross-need-farter keeps calling here with death threats and all kinds of obscenities.
And I've knocked your stuff and maybe you want to keep him busy today.
What is it again?
3051.
948.
948.
3914.
3914.
Because quite frankly, we're so busy with calls here.
We don't have time to play baby crap with him.
Maniac.
Here's a mobile in Boca.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Something along with the phone.
Yeah, I know.
You don't know.
What happened before was that when I was trying to reach the beginning of the video, all of a sudden,
when you went to the list of it there, then all of a sudden the calls started going through the cell.
It was crazy.
Yeah, I've been feeling for the last three or four months here, somebody's dealing with his phone system.
I mean, I can't prove it, but I have very strong beliefs because I've been doing this two-god damn long.
Somebody's dealing with this.
A couple of things.
Last Friday night, I'd say they're the game.
We got the worst ever.
Yes, Friday was one of the all-time worst, not the worst, but it was in the, certainly in the worst five.
One of the worst performances.
I mean, no enthusiasm.
It was disgraceful.
Absolutely disgraceful.
No thing.
And so then he goes and benches the two best players over the game.
See, this is a guy when he came here, Terry Murray.
I don't want to get started again, but I will.
He said, well, he's guys better perform because if they don't, they'll be sitting on the bench.
And in the meantime, the guys that don't perform like Kirk Mueller and Needamar, they're in line up every goddamn night.
He wants to take it out on the guys who are best players, which makes no sense at all to anybody.
How about the War Elf and it really pissed me off to watch.
Remember when we dropped the gloves and the guy wouldn't engage with the last year?
Well, who's the guy in number eight for the last year?
I mean, it's like, was Murray telling him to go out and get something going just to try and incite the team?
I don't know, but by the time he got into that fight, it was already four-nothing.
The game was over, so it was totally meaningless.
See, they're not going to get sucked into his stupid goon crack.
Yeah, I think they know that that number one, he really can't fight.
Number two, he can't play.
And other than that, why is he out there so much?
You know, when you got a team that can't score, why do you put Iron Hands to War Elf all the time?
I disagree with you a little, Lysha.
I really thought I saw some stars and skills in this game.
He can't play.
I mean, I thought he skated a little better in that exhibition game, but as far as being a real player, forget it.
He's no player.
It was really disgraceful watching him.
I mean, his stick hand and cuckling is absolutely disgraceful.
Right. And all he did every time, he took a lot of cheap shots.
But that time I was so damn frustrated, you know, it was for nothing, which is when I left.
But just to watch him out, to try and engage somebody, it was really disgraceful performance.
And by the way, speaking of Donald Bush here, who used to play for the Canadians, he's been a Rodley.
Speaking of that, he's been a Rodley.
Right.
Speaking of that, Cooper, even though he is their goon, but nevertheless, he can play.
He has skills.
I've seen him make some pretty damn good plays.
He's a real player, as opposed to just a goon, who can't do anything out there, and who keeps getting stuck out there over and over again.
This guy is like the Reggie Fleming back in the stick, these with the Ranger.
And when all he had to do was fight him, he was trying to fight a guy like John Fortkaison from Montreal, Montenegro.
He would kick the crap out of him, but Fortkaison could skate.
For some reason, it's better.
Well, here in Morale, get away with it because, like, everything else that's going on here, nobody gives a crap.
Nobody says anything, except me, and that's why I'm going to keep ripping them nice.
I got a question for you.
Real quick, yeah.
Real quick.
There's a topic in the Palm Beach post today.
Can age be transmitted from all of a second?
Seriously.
Yes.
See, they're same as can.
They're same as can?
Cannot, right?
No, I don't agree with that.
That's not what I've read.
All right. Good luck.
Okay, and back to you.
Okay, we have two open lines in day one and an hour, if they're ringing, we have no idea.
But let's...
Okay, I'm just checking because we don't have a phone system that works today, and we got nobody run under joint today.
So we won't get those numbers that we're looking for.
We won't get any assistance here because we're on automatic pilots, which means probably a lot of music coming up.
Remember, this is the best of Neil Rogers.
No calls today.
It's all been previously recorded.
The best of Neil on 560 QAM.
It's all been previously recorded.
The best of Neil on 560 QAM.
It's all been previously recorded.
The best of Neil on 560 QAM.
It's all been previously recorded.
The best of Neil on 560 QAM.
Remember when you first got married, you were having great sex all the time.
Now the years have worn on, and you and your spouse have been reduced to only oral sex.
You!
Oh, you!
Well, that.
Just because you're getting on in years doesn't mean you can't enjoy sex like the young studs you used to be.
To learn how, you need to come on down to the Elderlay Clinic, where Armato is, even if it's wrinkly, you can still get kinky.
We'll teach you to turn your elderly disadvantages into sexual advantages, like the loss of deep throat gag reflex for women.
The subtle loss of sensation in the penis for men resulting in great sex that lasts longer than ever.
And of course, wrinkly skin just means more surface area to lick.
So remember, just because you look like a prune doesn't mean you're all dried up.
Did you call that?
Today?
Okay, 1046 at 560 WQAM.
Here's a lady mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello?
Hi Neil, I think I'm losing you.
No, I hear you.
You're good.
I was calling about the football.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think we lost her.
Okay, we have an open line that's powered to and data.
Our phone systems all screwed up here.
I'm not going to worry about the phone.
Okay, you do whatever you want with those assholes.
She waited all of that time.
We finally got her on.
She was on the verge of like getting into a bad cell like OJ or whatever.
Then a lot of sudden she popped right out.
That was the end of her.
Anyway, John Grogan has a very interesting article this morning,
which every now and then he does because John, I think John is really a closet atheist,
even though he professes to be Catholic.
Remember when we had all that business with the child and listening priest up there in Palm Beach County?
And he wrote that article about how very difficult it is to keep going to church and what you tell your kids and all this hypocrisy and bullcrap and how corrupt it is, which we all know of course.
And as the article today, headlines says,
is atheist looks to himself not heaven for answers.
Frank Shivoni is 80 now.
His arthritis clears up regularly and he has a bad heart.
He's feeling his age in his own creeping mortality.
So is he preparing for the next life, not a chance.
Shivoni believes in many things, but God is not one of them nor is eternal salvation.
Once you're dead, you're dead.
He says sitting at the dining room table of his modest condo in Lauderdale.
You know more than a car battery.
Once it dies, you throw it away or maybe stick it in the ground.
Shivoni is perhaps South Florida's most unapologetic atheist.
As president of the secular humanist, the South Florida, he spends his days at the often lonely test of winning acceptability for the godless viewpoint.
People like to think there's a place to go after they die.
He said, if that makes them feel good, fine, but not Shivoni.
His greatest aspiration for the afterlife is to fertilize the flowers over his grave.
It's easy to reject a supreme being when you're young and healthy in the day of reckoning seems ages away.
But what about when you're entering your ninth decade and statistically speaking, you're already well beyond your life expectancy?
I asked the lifelong atheist if with old age any doubt is crept into his belief of non-belief, no he says none.
Not even a 1% chance there may be a god existing somewhere out there.
No, he assures me not even 1%.
He said peace with the utter fine, how do you say it?
Finiteness of human life.
Is there such a word as finiteness?
What more can I say he adds almost apologetically? I don't believe there's a god I can't accept it.
Shivoni was baptized Catholic and grew up in a heavily Italian Catholic neighborhood in New York,
but even before he was out of grade school, he was questioning the existence of god.
By the time he was a teenager, he had made up his mind that god was a creation of man, not the other way around.
To me, religion is just an excuse for life as superstition, he says.
Yet as many churches and synagogues enjoy booming growth, Shivoni's group of aging secularists barely hangs on with its 80 members.
What do they need a group for? That's why I understand.
What does it need to be a group of secularists?
Many who might be tempted to join his respect for the social stigma of belonging to an openly atheist group?
How do you like that?
Oh my god.
Right.
As we talk, I'm surprised to see a holy Bible sitting amid the clutter of newspaper clippings and hand scribble notes on the table.
He anticipates my question, you always have to know what the enemy is doing.
He says and then his lips curl into a grin.
I see he's joking.
Shivoni doesn't consider religious believers the enemy.
In fact, his longtime peace and justice activist agrees with many of Jesus' teachings.
The only belief he cannot endorse is the religion of intolerance.
An atheist, he pointed out, are often demonized by the religiously devout.
He points to a pole showing Americans would be more likely to elect his president and open homosexual than an atheist.
Go and lie in trouble.
He calls the religious right the greatest menace to our country.
Shivoni is less likely to quote the gospel of Luke than the gospel of Gertrude.
Gertrude's style that is.
Proverbs are inscribed on a plucky displays.
There ain't no answer.
There ain't going to be any answer.
That's the answer.
It pretty much sums up Shivoni's own beliefs.
Where the hell did the big bang come from?
What's on the other side of the universe?
It's beyond our ability.
Whoever understands, he says, I don't even try.
Son, familiar?
One thing he does try to do is make a difference.
We can't wait for somebody to come out of heaven to solve our problems.
The aging atheist says, we as a human race have to solve them.
Colleen John Grogon and better by a Frank Shivoni, this old,
part 80 year old atheist.
We talk, I said, I don't know why you need to organization like our DNA thing.
It's not an organization.
It doesn't cut anything to joint.
We got bumper stickers.
We got placards.
We got all kinds of stuff buttons.
But we don't have to be organized because it's just common sense.
Do no harm.
DNA.
But that's an interesting thing.
There never, it brings back to mind a situation that happened
a year ago. We were doing those appearances at the Miracle
Games up there at the stadium in the baseball stadium in
Pompano Beach. And we had a crowd up there. I mean, we used to
really fill up that place for a little minor league baseball.
Thanks to Mike Beck. We had a great thing going there. We did a
whole bunch of those appearances. And I think we broke the attendance record
for the Miracle and then we had all these people up there. So I'm
signing autographs. I'm doing the whole thing. And then I walk in to see
part of the game. You know, I walk around into the stadium and
there's an old fart sitting up there with some other people. And I look
up and I hear him say, I mean, one of those people is talking about you
but make sure it's loud enough so that you can hear it. Or maybe his
hearing aid wasn't working that day. He's an atheist. Yeah, the guy says,
oh, there's Neil. The guy said, yeah, but he's an atheist. And he gave him a
look like, oh, geez. He's an atheist. I mean, I could have expected
if he said, oh, he's a fag. You know, something like that. But this
fart transcended any of that stuff. And that was the first time I've
ever done that me that there's this enormous stigma of not being one of
the God people, even if you're a person, that's not good enough. You
have to be one of the God people. So God bless you, Frank, you have
only whoever the hell you are. 80 years old. He realizes once they stick
in the ground, that's it. And he realizes the greatest danger we have is
from religious intolerant lunatics like the ones who killed the doctor and buffalo
the other day. Oh, yeah, we believe we're pro-life. We don't believe in
your life. But we'll pro-life for those fetuses. Here's Miami. Hello?
Yes, I need a little. Yes, sir. North Miami, this game park. Just real
quickly, back in so as a chef and I was right and we say that
the Intel is a snorer town, but it's actually not a bad little town.
And as far as I've heard it was compared to Tallahassee. Well, yeah.
I mean, what could be worse than Tallahassee? It's, you know, there's nothing that's
going to compare to Miami, you know, as far as diversity and all that, but it's not
a bad town. As far as perversity. Yeah, as far as perversity.
Tonight's game, you gotta be excited looking forward to tonight's game. I mean,
it's not going to be much of a game that Florida's going to put up, but you get a
chance to, you know, see a world-class team come out. How do we know that? In other
words, we already know. I mean, I picked the final score five on the
trites, but I don't want to be. I mean, you never know until they go out and play
the game. Right, right. But they've got that all star lineup. I mean, who is it?
They've got a... Well, let me ask you something. Didn't the Leafs already beat
them twice this year? The Red Wings? Yes, it is. Yeah. Well, they've got that new
lineup, though. Hopefully that you turn them around. Cool. They've got, as that
fan yesterday said, Wiserman. Oh, yes. TV Wiseman, right? It's Shan A and
McCarty. That's a new lineup? Well, it's supposedly done well for them.
They're getting 9 of 14 goals in four games. Okay, I'll see you there tonight,
pal. Okay, new lineup. I thought those guys were all on team last year. Okay,
Dave County lines are open. Five six, boy, they're so warm in here. I could...
I could make eggs right here on the thing. I remember he could. I could fry eggs
right in the counter. We got a phone system that doesn't work. Last night on the TV
show, which is the last time I've ever been even mentioned it, until it goes off
next week, the beginning they got to sound finally straightened out, no hum.
And then as the show went on, the sound kept getting lower and lower and the hum
came back. You know, we wanted to disappoint. Want to make sure you get your free
hum job on Whammy there. So we got a half-ass TV deal over there,
which they can't technically get that thing straightened out. I got a situation
here where we got a telephone system that has been crap since the day we said
down here. And I was just totally falling apart. I'm going to reset the whole
thing during this break. And what's that going to do? Maybe nothing. Maybe
something. Who knows? Don't you think it'd be a lot better if I just sat
here and read all my great articles? Yeah, that would be a lot of stuff. Never thought.
Now, worried about the guy named phone. I'm just warning you. Haven't I been telling
you that we've been getting dicked on this phone for weeks now? Yes. I mean,
I've been doing this too long. I'm sorry. But you saw that right there when we sat
down and then all of a sudden as soon as I started talking about it and punching
the buttons up magically and miraculously all these people run alive. I mean,
I'm not that paranoid that I would see her make it up because I know there's plenty
of times this time that you could say every word that's ever been invented, four
letter and five letter and two letter is an FU. And nobody would call. But this is
just too goddamn obvious. And is there anybody here in charge? No. Anybody
involved in any of this stuff? No. Straightened out for us? No. Of course not.
They're all other ones on vacation again. And this one is not to launch. And this one's
out of the building. And who the hell knows who's in charge here? Maybe it's
the water Nazi. Oh. The Neil Roger show now exclusively on 560
QAM. Remember, this is the best of Neil Rogers. No call today. It's all been
previously recorded. The best of Neil on 560 QAM. It's all been
previously recorded. The best of Neil on 560 QAM. It's all been previously
recorded. The best of Neil on 560 QAM. It's all been previously recorded.
The best of... The Neil Roger show now on 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
You did a lot of things. Fire! Rogers on Sports Hole Radio WQAM.
We are at home. Hello, Mr. Getson. Welcome to Radio Shot. Hi. The day sent me
out to pick up a couple of batteries. Is he using them for? Ask. She wasn't
saying. Just getting a couple of seashells. Sure. That would be one bar lag. There you go.
Mr. Getson, I've got to ask you a few questions. I'm in kind of a hurry. It won't take
long. What's your address? Sky Tatapot. When were your boys? 2062. Now do you follow
or obey religious organizations that might pose a threat to the Galactic Federation? What
kind of... I'm sorry, Mr. Getson, but I can't tell you these batteries until you answer my
question. Okay, no. There's good Mr. Getson and now with what your penis size? What?
What's that got to do? Sorry, Mr. Getson. I'm a cartoon. Damn it. I'm a
cartoon. I don't hear how about just your social galaxy now. Oh, I'll be here all day.
Sir, the question, Mr. Getson, one trillion four billion... At Radio Shot, we have
questions and you damn well better have the answers. Is this for that three catalog? Oh no,
you've got a pay for that. And you came to the right place. It's Radio Shot
call, right? It's 11.01.05.60 WQM. By the way, speaking of that good old time religion,
I think they're convicted of molestation. Oh my God. Joseph Million, a poor black
bookkeeper in Haiti who reversed his fortunes to become the charismatic and revered leader
of a Delray Beach Church was convicted on Tuesday of sexually molesting a young
member of his congregation. A six-member jury deliberated for about two hours
before convicted million forty-six of sexual activity with a minor. The charge
of first degree felony was related to his fondling of a teenage girl in his
parish under the guise of confirming her virginity. There is a new trick for it.
I want to check. Why? How else are you going to do it? The jury found Million,
not guilty of charges that he later developed a more involved sexual relationship
with a girl. Million remains with the pastor of the full assembly of church of
God and leader of its 300-member congregation faces as many as 12 years in prison.
Dozens of members of the congregation crowded into the West Palm Beach Court
room on Tuesday there were so many supporters that parents unable to find
seats for their children ordered them to kneel in the aisles between the courtroom
benches. Many of Million supporters who can consider him something of a
cultural guru weft openly after the verdict. One woman collapsed in her husband's
arms when Tom Beach County Circuit judge Howard C. Burman ordered Million back
into custody. It had been released from jail under house arrest.
Our church has never been stronger said Marie Rodriguez, a member of the
full assembly congregation. We have faith pastor Million will be delivered.
In all three women are now who are now adults, wives and professionals say they
were molested by Million where they were teenagers. Their stories are similar.
Million demanded to confirm that they were still virgins and fondled them shortly
after they arrived from Haiti. Two of the women say they later developed full
sexual relations with Million but did not question because of a stature in the
community. Some of the alleged abuse took place more than a decade ago so because
of statutes of limitations charges were only brought in connection with one woman
accusation. And then they go into this whole defense theory but it says the
theory was fatally flawed because Million confessed to police that he has
fondled the girls. Oh father that's good. There we go again. So at least this
time was with girls. There you go. That's your breath of fresh air, a little
bit of a change. Gotta check out and see if you're a virgin sweet art. Let me just
stick my probe in there and see what we find. Just probing for the truth.
Here's Pompano B. Chilo. Born an Uncle Neil. Yes sir.
You know who this is go these go. Yeah. I just wanted to comment on a couple of
things. First of all I go to Gainesville every year not for a football game and
I'll get back to that in a minute. Yeah. These those beautiful town. Really?
Low rolling hills. It's got a lot of Victorian homes that are just you know some
of them restored bed and breakfast is just gorgeous. Yeah. Okay. Now second of
all I'm like you are. I don't like high zenga but I love hockey. You know what I mean?
Yes. I'm going to go to the games and I'm going to support the punches regardless of who
own. Right. I couldn't give a crap. Bless who owns it. hockey transcends all of this
other crap as far as I'm concerned. Okay. When I first came down here 22 years
ago I used to go out on my balcony and tune in Dan Kelly on KM elective Lewis
like it here a hockey game and channel two would tell you guys a game when they
were fundraising and they did more fundraising that they did televising on the
game. Now here's a bombshell for all the Gator fans. The number one event in
the city of Gainesville every year is not a football game. It's the Gator
National Drag Race is held in March. It brings in more money. Oh my God.
All the Gator football games combined. They drag Quentin March in Gainesville every
year in March. Yeah. They're dragging it. Yep. And the race and killing it.
I got to say it brings in more money than all the football games combined. Yeah.
How about that? So in other words, it's a great place. Absolutely. It's
compared to here, but then what isn't real houses. Nails. Yeah. Real houses.
Not all this concrete, dark and stuck. Oh houses actually look like houses.
Ain't no Toronto though. I'll guarantee you that. No, it ain't no Toronto. But it was a
nice town. Have a good one. Okay. And God bless you, sir. Go, Lee.
Okay. There you go. We're getting a few reports on James. I'm going to tell you.
I said here that first 20 or 25 minutes would seem like an eternity to me.
And I realized we've gone through a rough. What is it about the last six months on this radio
station, but I mean, this was just unbelievable. Just incredible. And it was like that
skit on SCTV where the guy sitting there doing a show and he's dead.
They can't make the phone ring for lover money and finally after we start screaming
and swearing and carrying on and let's kill all your children and the phone finally rings
and up wrong number. And that's what I felt like here this morning.
Because we're being dicked here with a goddamn bunch of cheap crap that they got at
the Woolworths no or somewhere and radio schlock. And we're trying to make magic here
for these people. And is there anybody here who likes has any interest in this? No,
well, they just all conveniently happen to be out again here today.
Get that automatic pilot switch going because there ain't nobody here running the
ship. Oh, yeah, just the water Nazi. Here's a mobile informer. Hello?
Yes, sir. Hello. I'm here. Yes, I'm really here though. Very briefly, very
briefly. Yesterday, apparently I'm suggesting one of these Colombian hockey fans
called in. Oh, yeah. Okay. Have a nice day pal. This guy wants to call every single day
and tell me about his day. See, we don't play that game here, sir. We got just like the guy
that called me yesterday who wanted to pick up where he was the day before and repeat
the same whole conversation again about the pot and whatever we were talking about.
We don't play that game here, sir. I realize you're kind of desperate over there
and Fort Myers. Just kissed the ground that you got to show on the earliest temporarily.
But we're not going to have a running rep or tape. This is now his third attempt to call in
here and get an unload his hostility and psychosis about Colombian. I hate to break the news,
sir. I hope this doesn't burst your bubble. I like Colombians. Okay. I'm not too big on the
Medellin cartel, but anybody outside of that, which I think there might be 10 people on the
country you aren't having joined yet, other than that, I like Colombians. Okay.
So you Yahoo's over there in Fort Myers. I realize that not everybody who's listening,
in fact, most people listen to the show don't fall in that category. But if you have spilled
over, who think that you can use this radio show to spew your generalized hatred and venom,
forget it. Go get your sheets out. Have a great time this weekend at the rally and
leave us alone over here. Okay. And just kissed the ground that you're over there in
Fort Myers. Otherwise, the Colombians would come and guide them, put your ass out of town on a
rail. That's right. What a bunch of horse crap that is. Every day this guy feels a
compelled to call in like he's going to have a running debate. I'll tell you what,
old buddy. Why not come on down here? You give us a date. You give us a date at high
noon and we'll get a whole bunch of our Colombian friends to meet you down here. And we'll
have a seminar at the holiday in. And you can stand there and look at him right in the
middle of the road. And you can put face to face. And you can tell him that they're all a bunch of
subhuman. No good. Steven scumbag or whatever the hell you said. And then see what the
response is. Okay. And maybe you might learn something. Maybe you might be able to iron out your
differences. Oh. Remember, this is the best of Neil Rogers. No call today. It's all been
previously recorded. The best of Neil on 560 Q. A.M. It's all been previously recorded.
The best of Neil on 560 Q. A.M. It's all been previously recorded. The best of
Neil on 560 Q. A.M. It's all been previously recorded. The best of.
Holy mackerel. This is Joe Bo on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the
hockey authority. Oh God. So Fred, what's up? I'm ordering myself five whiskey straight out.
What's up? What's up? I just had my first homer. Hey, Freddie Boy. Hey, Bartender, get my
buddy here. A celebration gold. He just had his first homer. It's for times like these when you
really want a party that you should settle for no less than a celebration gold beer. Hey,
Mikey, thanks a bunch. If a celebration gold don't get this taste out of my mouth, nothing
will. What? And it's for times like these that you need a celebration gay. The only beer with
real mouthwash in it. Make that a celebration gay, Bartender. I'm like gay, Mikey. I just needed
some cash. I would take the beer and shut up, Frankie. Celebration gold and celebration gay.
The best beer for any occasion. I'm not. Just move over. Will you, Frankie? Yeah. Over there is good.
Okay, 1113 is 560 WQM. Here's an interesting facts, which I think may have some truth in
it. It says your phone lines remain in trouble. So I've resorted into the facts. The interest
with the Florida Gators is nothing but the contrivacy. The morning team comes up with the
stimulate calls. And since we have a great number of overgrown children running around with
their college banner stuck to their asses, those are the callers they get on the line. An effort,
I guess, to impress the audience with the popularity of the show. 10 question marks. And he goes on to say,
I'm not a hockey expert by any stretch of the imagination. But what the new coach of the
Panthers has done with Mr. Whitney is not only unacceptable, but tedious repetition of the crappy
product we were given last year. The more things change, the more they stay the same. Okay,
excellent job, sir. Excellent observation. And right on all counts. And again, I don't want to
do it with anybody else's show, but I can only speak as somebody who's like a captive
audience here in the last 20 minutes of that show when I'm getting ready to do this show if we ever get the equipment working.
And that is that here and all these gator people calling in here and that guy named
tape of that radio station up there over and over again is a Pandora's ad best.
Now, am I the only, a Georgian, or are we the only two people in this state, in this town,
who don't care about the gators? We've got to be. We're out of stiffness. Do you better get with it?
I don't give a flying crap about the gators, about the semis, about the hurricane, or about the Spartans,
to be honest with you. I saw a little bit of their pathetic performance against Minnesota Saturday,
which they want to blow into this game in the last minute and a half Minnesota scores 10 points.
And we want to blow in a game. And I'm used to it. Did it, did it change my life? No.
That's me of a call ahead this morning. I'm coming to work. And some kid calls. He's reading a prepared speech
about the dolphins congratulating them on their win on Sunday and about a beat by the book.
And then he talks about the buffalo. He's reading it. He's got a written out long hand.
And he talks about all the sleepless nights we've had in the past over Andre Reed and this one and Bruce Smith.
And I'm thinking to myself, I know it's been a great rivalry for a long time until the Bill's fortunes turn south.
But I mean, is there anybody in this town that had sleepless nights about the dolphins playing the buffalo bill?
No. And did you ever have any sleepless nights? Maybe you were making a big bet.
I can understand having sleepless nights if you're making a compulsive gambler like D-Fold,
or some of the other people we got on this station. But a sleepless night. And this was some kid who I don't think is making any bets on again, not yet.
sleepless nights over Bruce Smith and Andre Reed and Jim Kelly who's long gone and all those other go-ins.
Wow, and Thurmond Thomas. Here's a Miami. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
Are you talking about games the whole day?
Yes. No, all day?
Well, this is morning. Yeah.
I went to games the last week and I went to school over five and a half years.
Yes, sir.
And you have some older people calling them and they're kind of missing the point behind games.
Okay. What is the point behind games?
I spent five and a half years there. I still go a couple of times a year. It's because of the drug scene.
Yeah.
Can beat that gator meat.
Yeah, my designer drugs are rampant.
Mm-hmm.
And the women just go crazy. The girls go crazy all weekend. You don't sleep.
Oh, right.
And it's called games.
It's a little green for those of you who want to know.
And that's the popularity behind games. Well, it's 90 different than any other city or town.
There's a lot of hillbillies, a lot of money to go there.
Well, why don't these people are calling in on the morning show? Why don't they admit that instead of talking about Steve Spurrier and all this boring crap about who's got the car sparsers on the team?
And who's going to catch the most passes and who's got the biggest lineman and all this other tedious crap? Why don't they talk about the good stuff?
Because when you reach age 40, you lose track of that kind of thing.
Yeah, but in too much bad weed, I guess.
Well, yeah, and you think they're all about football and he gets that age because you can't party with the young girls anymore.
There you go.
Well, that's the way it's 40 meals.
They were when they discover Viagra and Gainesville, man. Maybe these guys might get a life.
And they have the best all night rave club in the country in Gainesville.
Yeah.
It opens at midnight in the closes at noon.
Mm-hmm.
And those are the main reasons us 140 go to Gainesville.
All right. Thanks for the good news. There's our first honest call of the year and it's already the end of October.
We have an open line in Broward, Dave County, but we really don't know what we got because the phone is still all screwed up and will be one.
I keep checking them. Nothing.
You know, okay.
Well, I don't want to say those are the day lines because some of that's another thing with this system.
Some of them come in on those last three lines. Who knows where the phones are coming in here?
I'm sitting here screaming and carrying on like a maniac and the phone systems a piece of crap anyway.
So what's the point?
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
George will just keep going up and down.
Just keep punching it and the phone lines to and see if there's anybody button button.
Who's got the button, baby? This is unbelievable.
I've done talks shows under bizarre circumstances before in my life, but never in my life with one word we're playing hide and seek today with the phone.
Just beautiful.
Nice going, Greg.
Here's a mobile in Margate. Hello.
Hey, what's up?
Yes, sir.
Real briefly.
I want to just say I agree with everything you say about religion.
I just finished farewell to God.
Great. Excellent book.
I know there's another book that you quote from occasionally.
I was wondering if that book is available anywhere.
What book is that?
I'm not really sure.
I know there around the same time that you brought out farewell to God for the first time.
There was also another book that you were discussing or quoting from or reading from.
It's something or other.
I want to teach you a lot of me.
Maybe it was the exorcist William Peter Blattie.
That must have been it.
Yeah, that was it.
Yeah, okay, thanks.
That's where you get to real good stuff on religion, pal.
That's where you get to low down is in the exorcist because whatever you do, don't forget.
Dr. Parallel Christ compels you.
Absolutely.
Correct, sir.
Because it's that voodoo baby, it's that old black magic.
Put that chicken on your head.
Wave it around.
Peek and tongue.
Grab a hold of that wicked snake like they do on chemistry and twist it in the Yankees and the snake too.
5 6 7 0 5 6.
I have no idea what we got and what we don't have because I do know what we do.
Haven't that's a crappy phone system that's been crappy since the day we said, who makes this thing?
Gettner, whoever the hell Gettner is, I wish you had like a bad bowel movement.
Okay.
I hope you wind up with a bruised god damn like I had there for a few days.
Not only does their phone system stuff, they're call screening software stocks,
but it's designed by someone who never produced a show.
Yeah.
And when you try to talk to them about it, they don't want to hear from it.
Yeah.
But I'll bet you sure what cheap compared that we used on a radio station question.
You know, you can knock IOD on you on, but I'll tell you one thing.
Okay.
And we had some stuff over there like those old cart machines.
You know, we had some stuff that wasn't maybe the best, but generally speaking,
Mitch Wien over there and then even what's his name?
Roll.
A paxon, who was a hard ass, but nevertheless, they spent just untold amounts of money to bring in the best god damn equipment,
the most state of the art stuff that money could buy.
Unfortunately, just like over there at Wamy, they had a bunch of engineers who didn't know how to make it work right,
with their digital stuff at the TV station, but nevertheless, they spared no expense and bringing us in the state of the art
to try at least to give us the opportunity to compete to be a real god damn radio station on AM, which ain't easy, baby.
But this joint over here, and I'm going to tell you, you beastly people over there in Naples, you're a disgrace.
You're not broadcast.
There's your schlockmesters.
Schlockmesters, if this audience could have seen what we went through those last days of December before we find a god on the year coming in here day after day after day and being told,
well, this part and the stuff was coming in here piecemeal.
Because we sure weren't going to spend that money to buy new stuff.
Were we?
Oh no.
We had to get the computer over here, the DCS that plays all of this neat stuff like like that.
We had to get this from Philadelphia from one cell and there are other above four stations up there.
And it came in pieces one cart in one day, another cart and of course, uh, four George course, I was working 24 hours a day trying to put it together with Scott's tape.
And then of course, this beat up old card deck that they probably kicked out of one of those, maybe even the four Meyer stations that here we don't want this thing in a building anymore.
That also came in a box.
Like I said, this was like a tinker toy studio, a tinker toy radio station.
We're sitting here with like a 10 or 11 share in men in this market on a make believe goddamn radio station.
Getting postcards saying, hey, Gregory getting the off we want sports on a year 24 hours a day.
How do you like that?
So you can go back to your two shares.
Or maybe you're one shares like when you had when Christine was on her in a midday.
And even when I was off the air for seven months today, still have a number here in midday.
Oh, they did not.
So just so we can satisfy some of these overgrown children.
And like I said, you listen to conversation.
You try to talk about any sport in this town.
There are no people in this town who can discuss sports intelligently, maybe like one percent of the people here.
And then most of those are people who are fans of other teams because they're sure as home out from here.
Stevie Weisserman that guy yesterday at Weisser guy yesterday with Stevie Weisserman.
Yeah, another hockey expert.
But college football now we're talking, baby, because they got and we found out why they got the good weed up there in Gainesville.
At least we finally had somebody who straighted out for us.
Well, they took us an hour 20 minutes.
We finally got to the bottom of it.
Get the seeds out of it. Here's Fort Myers. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You tell them about Beasley.
They got all the money down there in Naples.
And they remodeled seven, seven to over here.
You know, really?
Yeah, so that's about the time that you came on.
Yeah.
Well, I hope the signal is loud and clear over there.
And then everybody over on our West Coast hears me saying that the Beasley's are a cheap bunch of bastards who look like they came out of a Dempsey dumpster.
What they look like.
They're giving up good talk radio over here.
And they're putting on another shot jock in the morning with old Joe.
And so we'll see what happens here.
I wanted to talk to you about Gainesville.
Yeah.
What do you want to know about it?
Anything you want to tell me, pal. I've never been there.
Well, I want to find out what the big attraction besides all the guys get laid twice a day and the Guita is good.
But other than that.
Well, it's right about the weed when you go across Pains Perry.
It turns blue over there.
All right.
And since Amelia's was really good, they got the homegrown.
Yeah.
You know, with the little red hairs coming out of it.
Yeah.
Well, everybody here is coming out of it.
Yeah.
When you read Pulmaker is coming out of it.
But I wouldn't know about that stuff.
I have hooked that for a long time.
Yeah.
We believe you.
I know you've got to watch your action for a moment.
That was always good when it was there.
But it's a nice town.
They got hills.
Yeah.
Well, they got a lot of big open spaces to grow all that good stuff out.
And that's a good part.
We don't have that down here.
Well, you go towards Waldo, you know, outside of town, towards Stark.
Yeah.
By Rayford here.
Yeah.
Rayford, you know.
And so you got some real country out in that area.
Did that long ago thing that Gainesville is close to Stark
so that when they take most of those gator criminals
while players away, they can, you know, have a part of go.
Is that what's been happening?
Oh, that, you know, do we have to recruit them?
They don't talk too much about it, you know.
But they take a lot of those big guys away, middle of the night.
Well, I wish that we could get some good talk right here.
I'd rather just have no mojo.
Yeah.
And leave Gene Roberts on here.
But I don't know.
Beatsley don't want to listen.
Yeah. Well, we keep saying that our morning show here too, no mojo.
But they won't listen.
It's okay.
I'll have a great day.
And hide the good stuff because there's a little lock at your door right now.
Okay.
We have an open line in power and a couple of date maybe, maybe not five six seven,
oh five sixty, pond five sixty on the 18 T wireless line.
We got the old broken down bees like crap here today.
Maybe the best crap we can buy.
Because believe me, no matter which way it's Bruce Beasley or the other guys,
their middle name is make no mistake about that.
That's what they specialize in 24 hours a day around the clock.
Because the last time I heard is real cheap.
You can get it by the pound right in your backyard.
25 after 11 at 560.
You know, I came in here this morning.
I was so mellow it was just it was frightening.
And then I went through that first 20 minutes here of screaming and carrying on.
I'm wondering if I was losing my mind and not seeing one light on the board light up.
Can you imagine what would happen if I wouldn't have gone up and down the thing there and checked those lines.
This I'd be in a goddamn rubber room by now.
I'd be in a goddamn straight check in the rubber room.
Am I a good friend Larry mixed and over there at Bell South Southern Bell.
Whatever you're calling yourself this week.
How many years have I gone through this with you, mister?
With your crappy phone operation in your phone system and sending the tones down here.
And your goddamn line in horse playing games and the fast and loose with whatever's going on here in terms of this make believe phone.
You're not fooling me Larry.
This horse crap has been going on for 150 years with me here.
25 after 11 at 560.
QM Hank will be a choolestate to it to a clock.
The mocks are with six.
We got the Panthers and the Detroit Red Wing.
7 o'clock pregame 730 tonight at the Macarena.
Thousand unsold tickets.
I want you to pick up those tickets Panther pack 500 of those and 500 more.
Let's pack that place tonight.
And if Terry Murray didle's around the way I think he's going to do the around then we'll start fooling his ass.
Because I'm sitting right behind you Terry.
I'm just a few rows behind you Terry.
Get a brain Terry.
That's right.
I'm going to have all airing jiders tomorrow morning.
Remember this is the best of Neil Rogers.
No calls today.
It's all been previously recorded.
The best of Neil on 560 QAM.
It's all been previously recorded.
The best of Neil on 560 QAM.
It's all been previously recorded.
The best of Neil on 560 QAM.
It's all been previously recorded.
The best of the most.
Founder and president of the FSA.
The Lord above is angry and what he's hearing on the radio airways today.
All of us good Christians here at the fifth f****r association are doing our part and absorbing the evil sins and turn on the radio.
While every time we hear what we define as an obscenity, we rust our fist into a follower's butt.
Like today, for instance, I heard the word crap.
You know what that means. It's your turn, Reverend Kennedy.
Oh, not again.
We must do the work of the Lord.
Okay.
Now it's my turn.
We urge you not to patronize the sponsors of these radio havens.
Please visit our website site at www.fist-christian-cift.com.
And remember to kiss for Jesus.
PIRGEOUS!
PIRGEOUS!
PIRGEOUS!
Okay, I think they're done.
It's 11-32 at 560 WQM.
Those deadlines, 560-560, let me get them.
Let me try.
560-750560 and 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We're operating with...
What?
We can play caller no call.
Caller no call.
That's good.
We're gonna get sent to life.
No call on one.
No call on two.
No call on three.
I'll predict.
No call on three.
Okay, there you go.
Well, it's a 50-50 chance.
It's like flipping your thing.
It's like flipping your loin.
560-750560, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
In date, county, maybe we think.
And if you call it, it rings the rings too bad.
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
What were you talking about?
We were Smith's war.
Meaning what?
I don't know.
I missed it.
You're talking about that.
I'll open up your ears.
Okay.
This guy's calling me.
What was I talking about on four?
Because he's an asshole.
Pal, just like you are.
He's a big fat asshole from Buffalo.
Where were he's from?
Open line at Broward.
560-750560, 0.560 on the AT&T line.
And all three in date, I think.
Hello?
QAN.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Why are you screening?
What is it?
Why are you screening?
What do you mean why am I screening?
Yeah.
Was this one a little Julio's?
One of our little boyfriend?
Yeah.
Yeah, blow it out your ass.
That's what we got.
Why aren't we screening?
He wants to know.
Oh, he's operating his own little show over there in his house.
And of course, he had to run his boyfriend.
Is there a painting on the bed in this guy?
You know how he had to put the instrument down or run to the phone?
Who the hell are you, kid, and sweetheart?
Julio, tell you what?
He ain't no Colombian.
56670560, Tom 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the mobile informer, Lottardale.
Hello?
Lottardale.
Yes, sir.
Your material and your sound bites are very still.
They're very what?
You need some new material now.
See why are you listening?
I monitor you.
You talk.
Oh, you're another one at monitors.
It's the same asshole from Boka again who pretends to be informer, Lottardale.
Over and over and over again.
He's monitoring.
He not only is monitoring because he hates me in the show.
But he's also going to be at least while he's my has to monitor.
He'd like to hear some fresh new material as what he says.
Okay, one call left on the board here.
Mobile and Deer Field Beach.
You know we can go to the music like I said.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
What's going on?
Not too much, pal.
Another nightmarish day for a beautiful green broadcasting.
I'd say these phones are really screwed up.
I was calling for both Griffiths, but I guess I got you.
Yeah, I believe it.
Listen, you got to count line.
I went to a UF from about five and a half years.
FU, yeah.
I can give you the real scoop on the phone.
Okay.
Well, first off, let's get to the point of what you really want to know.
Make your life enjoyable and games a little bit.
You might want to go there for the gay population there is thriving.
Really?
Oh, right.
Yeah.
Lots of bags and gamesville.
But you know, I mean, it's real liberal town.
There's no bags in this game, Bill.
But in the summer though, it's tough.
It's absolutely hard.
Yeah.
Big, overgrown, hit town.
That's all it is.
Uh-huh.
You know, but it's a great town.
I mean, I was there like a 35 and a half years.
Although, if I, yeah.
If I would have had to do it all over again, I wouldn't have to issue.
And the only reason that is, you know, if you're a swinging Richard, uh, I mean, there are too many swinging Richard's and games, though.
All right.
You're doing it that way.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, if you're a hot-girling game, well, you got it made, you know.
I mean, so, anyway.
That's really it.
Okay, Glenn had a great time, pal.
That's true.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Lost rights by James Bolvar.
Anybody go out and buy that book which I recommended hardly the other day?
No.
No, absolutely not.
But since we have nobody on the board, I'm going to go back and read, uh, just one and a half pages here.
Excellent stuff.
As I go through the book, I just find more stuff that I mark, and I come in and read it on here.
Cause I know you're two families in two cheaply gone by the book.
Willie Jones of Nashville was flying to Houston on February 27th, 1991 to purchase plants for his landscaping business.
because Jones was black and paid cash for his plane ticket, the ticket clerk reported
into nearby drug enforcement agency officers who presumed Jones was a drug courier.
DEA officers at the National Airport approached Jones, checked his ID, and asked permission
to search him.
Although Jones refused to grant permission, the officers searched them anyway and found
$9,000 in cash.
The DEA agents then announced they were detaining the money.
Jones observed they said I was going to buy drugs with it, their dogs sniffed it and said
it had drugs on it.
A 1989 study found that 70% of all the currency in the US had cocaine residue on it.
Jones never saw the dog, the officers didn't arrest Jones, but they kept the money.
When Jones asked the officers for a receipt for his money, they handed them a receipt for
an undetermined amount of US currency.
Jones objected and asked the officers to count the money out, but the officers refused
claiming that such an action would violate DEA policy.
Federal judge Thomas Weissman in April 1993 decision concluded that the officer's behavior
at that point was casual and sarcastic, that they believed that the seizure of the currency
was all but a fate of complete, that they cared little for Mr. Jones' feelings of insecurity.
Judge Weissman concluded that the DEA officials' testimony on the seizure was misleading,
unconvincing and inconsistent, and ordered the money returned after a two-year legal battle.
Jones observed I didn't know it was against the law for a 42-year-old black man to have
money in his pocket.
Should have known that, Jones.
Asset for for your increases the power of local policemen over people whom they don't
like.
In Washington DC police routinely stopped black citizens and confiscated small amounts
of cash and jewelry on the streets and in the parks, even when no drugs are found and
no charges are filed.
Then Davis, a resident of Washington, complained that I've got money in both pockets, but
I don't know how much.
The assumption is if I can't tell you exactly how much I have, it must be from some criminal
enterprise.
Increasingly, the mere suspicion of a government official is sufficient proof to nullify proof
that a citizen legitimately owns his property.
The Voluzia County Florida Sheriff's Department set up a forfeiture trap to stop motorists
traveling on I-95 and seized an average of over $5,000 a day from motorists between $19.99
and 1992 over $8 million total.
In three quarters of the seizures no criminal charges were filed.
An investigation by the Orlando Sentinel revealed that 90% of those seizure victims were
black or Hispanic.
When confronted with the statistic, Voluzia County Sheriff Bob Vogel said, with this data
tells me that the majority of money being transported for drug activity involves blacks
and Hispanics.
People whose cash was seized by the deputies received scant due process of law, as the Sentinel
noted, one deputy told two blacks from whom he had just confiscated $19,000, you have the
right to follow us back to the station and get a receipt.
Even citizens who provided proof that their money was honestly acquired, including a lottery
winners proof of his lottery receipt were treated like drug dealers.
Voluzia County officials routinely offered settlements to drivers whose cash they seized,
offering to return a percentage of the seized cash if the drivers would sign a form promising
not to sue them.
All right.
The Neil Roger Show now exclusively on 5.50 QAM.
Okay, 15 till noon at 5.60 W.D.C.M. What do you give me?
A four-learn look in there for David.
What's the problem?
Do we have a problem?
He wants you.
Really?
No, no chance.
Where's Rob?
Where is there Danny?
Okay, where are we going?
Here's a mobile in pop it will be.
Chilo.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
I got something that I think you need to know about.
Okay.
Up in Voluzia County, I was just up there the other day and this is a subject we talked
about a long time ago.
I stopped at the rest area.
Low and behold installs were many glory holes.
Really?
Filled with concrete.
Yeah.
On a spine on the wall by the Voluzia County people up there.
There's a rowing of holes and on these premises is unlawful and violators will be prosecuted.
Yes, they don't like those glory holes up there.
Neil.
Yeah, in fact, last time I was up there there was a big sign that said you're looking for
glory holes.
Yeah.
Well, they're looking for them.
That's a Neil.
Okay, thanks a little good news.
That's what they're doing up there.
Voluzia County, baby.
That's right.
I think the goat got tired.
He got wore out.
Two open lines in date five six seven.
So if you're black or Hispanic, my suggestion is to you.
You probably shouldn't be in Florida in the first place unless you're like in Dave County,
but nevertheless, because they'll come and get your ass.
But don't be driving through Voluzia County, especially if you got more than 50 cents.
If you got some spare change and don't be feeling the change either, don't be reaching
your pocket feeling the change.
You're going straight to God name jail.
Also don't have a Dave County tag.
Oh God.
Dead giveaway.
Here's a mobile in Boca.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Not in Colombian down here in South Florida.
A Colombian?
Yes, sir.
Holy crap.
I'll tell you what I heard a gentleman about two or three days ago you played a
skid saying that we were most the sickable people on earth.
He was in it.
It's the same guy that called the 20 minutes ago trying to get on again to say the same
crap from four.
I'll tell you what.
I'm sure he's not a gentleman.
He's an asshole.
Right.
Yeah.
I'm sure he's never been to our country.
And if he was, if he ever did go, I'm sure he's spent, he claims he spent 10 years.
They're probably behind bars.
Uh, uh, uh, yeah.
Probably.
But you know what?
The drug trade, we, most people over there don't use it.
It's the man here in the United States that people, you know, they want it.
So we, we supply it.
So we're on with that.
Mm-hmm.
And I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm with you.
Hey, if you want to smoke a little weed and not hurt anybody, that's much better than
getting drunk and getting behind the car and hitting two little girls.
There you go.
Or even one.
There you go.
And that's all I have right now.
Okay, pal.
Oscar came over to.
Okay.
We have an open line.
It's powered to a date five six seven oh five sixty.
Let's get some of seven.
I'm going to get that panther song out again today.
Anybody want to hear that?
No.
Oh, I'm going to spend a couple more hours on Terry Murray, man.
Not.
Now what just happened there?
What was that?
I just, I looked up to the side here for like a half a second, half a second.
I just counted it by actual count.
That was them just hanging up all of the same time.
Two of them.
Everybody at the same time.
Is that what you just told me?
There's nobody in there.
It has not been.
Here's a mobile and crawl spring.
Sillo our last call of the year.
Hello.
Oh, I hope I'm a good last call.
Better be.
Take all the time you want, pal.
Thank you.
Appreciate that.
Every day here is another day from hell in this place.
You can't just come in here and do a goddamn regular radio show.
Every day in here is another major song in a dance.
I feel your pain.
Believe me.
I feel with the red wings being in town, I think there should be one lesson to the great
people of South Florida.
And that is that the ways that the red wings became the two-time defending national hockey
race.
They're firing Brian Murray.
They're firing Brian Murray left town.
Yeah.
That's right.
So, you know, the day you did that deal and brought in Bob Essens, the human sieve to play
goal.
They said, hey, Brian, by the way, get out of here.
You're gone.
You're out.
That's right.
And that's, you know, maybe people will figure it out when you get rid of these folks.
No, but they won't figure it out here because first of all, you've got the problem is you
have an owner who wants to sell the team.
All he's going to do in the meantime is drain as much money as he can out of this new building
that we built for him.
So he doesn't give a crap.
He's totally unenvolved.
He doesn't care if they win one game, ten games.
He doesn't have a clue if anyone.
He's going to have a lot of fun.
And if you expect the fans here to give a crap, I mean, they'll let me sit here and
rant and rave and make up a bunch of no BM buttons and jump on the bad wagon for that.
But there's no concern.
There's no interest.
They don't even know who the hell is playing anymore.
They know like, now the fashion show, how that easer's gone.
They don't even know the name of the most of the players anymore.
No.
I agree.
It's a goddamn fashion show.
You're absolutely correct.
There's an absolute fact to show.
So get yourself all dog up for tonight and I'll see you out there.
OK, I got my maple leaf stuff on.
I'm dulled off.
OK.
And they beat you guys twice.
OK, we have an open line at Broward all of the day in County.
All three in day.
Well, you know, it may ring.
It may not ring.
We might pick it up.
We might not.
But it's like telephone.
We're like today.
OK, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
What a deal.
And by the way, don't forget to this Saturday noon to 2.
I keep forgetting all about these things that I want to do because I'm a little bit distracted
by this phone thing, which is a little bit over and above the ordinary phone problems
we have here.
Just a little bit over and above and beyond.
If you want to get your best of neovolumes one and two, you can call center one order and
buy phone at 9, 5, 4, 5, 6, 3, 3, 600, 5, 6, 3, 3, 600.
Or you can go to your nearby border store and pick them up.
We've got about 46 grand in so far for center one.
Or you can check out our website, which by the way, Eric and Orlando is spectacular job
sweetheart.
What a job he's doing.
Fantastic.
NeoRodgers.com.
And you can buy them right over there.
In fact, they also have they have the Phil Henry thing on there, which I don't know if
I said I one might have a few of those left or not.
They do.
And also even a Rick and Suds.
They got a few of those left and also the old, the best of Neal stuff from previous
years, which you've in order right there on the internet at neorodgers.com.
Nice job Eric.
Thank you.
So anyway, I was starting to say we'll be at Ben and Jerry's in Evanura noon to two this
Saturday.
And the Ben and Jerry's is right near the reinforced cafe between the AMC theaters and
blooming nails on the south side of them all.
Known to two.
Come on by we'll have those DNH buttons and stickers and posters and good stuff.
Here's a mobile in Evanura.
Hello.
Neo.
Yes sir.
Last night channel 51 showed the exorcist in Espanol.
All right.
And it was a hoot.
All right.
You remember the scene where father Marin and father carers first go in to talk to Reagan.
Yeah.
He starts screaming and everything.
He was in despair.
Sure.
Well, she was multilingual.
Maricorn.
Maricorn.
Right.
He got food.
Fathering.
Maricorn.
To my mom.
And.
Right.
And Haiti's right.
And also the power.
Lots of mamas going on in there.
The power of Christ.
From Paul.
Yeah.
In Espanol.
It's El Forer, Criston, Diego Dliga.
All right.
Great.
There you go.
I'm not going to do this to me.
Exactly.
There you go.
Thanks now.
OK, have a great day pal.
May the spirit of Christ compare you to do something good.
We have an open line in the Broward and all the day County continues to be.
Well, let's just check that out.
OK, line one.
There you go.
Down to one on one.
Down to three.
See, we have to keep checking these out because they don't ring and they don't light up and they don't do anything.
Our phone system is totally broken down.
At least one good thing.
The people in data are consistent.
We don't have to check those too much because they're not ringin' anyway.
Let's try a Coral Springs.
Hello.
Coral Springs.
Yeah, and Eli, you doing this drug epidemic is out of control against South Florida.
And a little more to that airport stuff than you allow your listeners to hear.
Is that I'm allowing them to hear?
What does that mean?
This one, you know, the kilo of cocaine in South Florida now is cheaper than it's been in about 25 years.
It's more drugs coming through here.
I'm going to do a little more.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
In beginning in 1970, speech organs had one moving time for the eyes of cleanersone made by government confidential informants
State and local governments have also
seized hundreds of million dollars of property
in recent years.
Stephen Kessler, a New York lawyer who authored a three volume
1993 study on federal and state forfeiture rights.
The use of forfeiture has probably
increased 100 fold in the last 10 years.
Unfortunately, the more forfeiture laws
that legislatures enact, the less attention
policing to pay to major criminals.
Representative Henry Hyde of all people of Illinois
noted in June of 1993 that 80% of the people
whose property is seized by the federal government
under drug laws are never formally charged with any crime.
Representative John Conn years of Michigan declared
at a June 1993 congressional hearing
a law designed to give cops the right to confiscate
and keep the luxury possessions of major drug dealers
mostly insiners the modestyles, cars, and hard earned cash
of ordinary law abiding people.
Oh, what a concept, sir.
Who wanted to ramble on Neil?
Neil, blah, blah, blah, yeah, right.
Yeah, I got to see it your way, pal.
We all have to go step and see it your way
because you want us to live in a goddamn police state.
And some of us just aren't going to be quite obedient enough
to satisfy you.
Here's plantation.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Monday, I was listening to you talk about a book,
something about God.
And you said you can't find it.
I went out in the web.
I couldn't find it.
Where do you find this book?
A book about God.
You mean the farewell to God?
Farewell, everyone.
Have to buy it from Canada.
What is it called?
Farewell to God.
By Charles Templeton.
Want the number?
Yeah, please.
1-800-387-1417.
OK, because it's not listed anywhere.
No, we know because you can't buy in this country.
God forbid you should be able to buy something like that
in America.
This Charles Templeton.
Right.
Oh, keep up the good work.
OK, thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
OK, we have an open line of power.
5.670560.
0560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I just got back from Amsterdam.
The red light street.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
I went there with my friend who stayed in the city
just off that place.
I tell you, we'll have to have the street
to go shopping for women to take window shopping.
Uh-huh.
Why can't we like that here?
What is it?
Why can't we like that here?
Because this is a repressed, conservative country.
So that's why I can't be like that here.
Because we got a bunch of sanctum on the end of the
temperats.
That's wrong.
People are fucking power like nothing.
Yeah.
Like kids.
It's a servant.
OK, let me add a good time.
So we have an open line of days.
5.670560.
0560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Pointe and B.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, how are you?
I'm a young Julio.
And very interested in your topic,
I, a couple of years ago, I had gone through the DEA system.
And let me tell you, it was unreal what I saw going
through those people.
It's all about money.
It's all about business.
The more people they've bought to the more,
I can't believe your phone lines aren't lit up.
They are now.
They are after that asshole call.
They all lit up like a honnapew.
I can't believe that guy.
That guy has no clue.
He's putting his plane with people's lives.
And he's got no proof on nothing.
And I mean, I want to...
I'm sitting here reading him right from this book,
which I'm sure this guy didn't, you know,
he researched this book very well.
He didn't just make this stuff up.
He's got names and dates and the judge's name.
And I'm reading them.
And it's, well, you know, he must have had, you know,
he didn't have it on him.
He didn't have, you know, we presume that you're guilty
because you've got cash.
There you go.
You can't, can you imagine,
I was just saying to George Zernabre,
can you imagine getting off a plane in Vegas
and having a bunch of DEA guys there
with dark sniffing dogs, checking to see
if you have a lot of cash on you?
Yeah, well, I'm sure Vegas wouldn't have anything
to do with that.
They would put up with that for five seconds, man.
They'd have those DEA people
who'd be sleeping with the fishes.
They know who they're messing with in Vegas,
right?
But Vegas, you know, you're wonderful.
You have a great show.
And I have a different outlook of life
because you give me a lot of aspirations
and needles got, go, go, Neil.
Thanks, pal.
Well, like, have a great life.
See, this is a show where we talk about the way
it ought to be in the real world.
And the guy called a couple of minutes ago,
even though he had a muffled crappy phone
talking about Amsterdam.
See, the reason it's so great there is
because it's not a police state, do no harm.
Let people live.
That's all we have all these self-fulfilling prophecies
here in this country, the more drug enforcement organizations
we got, the more people, the more drug addicts
we have to have to keep them in business.
The more things that you make illegal,
the more agencies you have to have,
the more billions of dollars you got to spend.
Instead of taking care of things
that really need to be taken care of,
so that's why we still have people
freezing to death up north in the winter time,
homeless people in America.
All this money that we're gonna be spending tomorrow
to send this old fart up in outer space again,
this space could add back up in there.
All these billions of dollars were wasted on his horse craft.
And we got people starving to death
and freezing to death in the winter time
on the street to this country.
And we're spending billions of dollars
to fight the wicked weed
because these people, like we've said all this last couple
of weeks that we've been talking about this,
it's a big goddamn bureaucratic nightmare
is what it is.
And they have to keep getting bigger and bigger
and bigger and bigger and more and more money
because they have to justify their resistance.
Drug sniffing dogs, baby, because you might have a joint
on your ass, honey, like that.
Oh my God.
But be honest,
the old Roger show now exclusively on 560 QAM.
Remember, this is the best of Neil Rogers, no call today.
It's all been previously recorded,
the best of Neil on 560 QAM.
It's all been previously recorded,
the best of Neil on 560 QAM.
It's all been previously recorded,
the best of Neil on 560 QAM.
It's all been previously recorded,
but that's the...
Oh God, Neil.
Oh, what's a nice kiss, nice kiss.
Say it with some residue.
How it's a nice kiss, nice kiss.
Say it with some residue.
It's a tie to a pack,
then a kiss, it's dressed,
that old can't stop.
And get your human face with a nice kiss, nice kiss.
Say it with some residue.
Oh.
Now it's a nice kiss, nice kiss.
Hold it in between, hold it.
What's a nice kiss, nice kiss.
And in time between his lips,
you're not riding up to hold down a child.
But you do best to hold down a really sound.
What's a nice kiss, nice kiss.
Say it with some residue.
Oh yeah!
Now you can make millions of dollars
thanks to the bill, man, thanks.
The movie's in books with these
the frosting on your face.
What's a nice kiss, nice kiss.
Oh.
Say it with some residue.
It's a nice kiss, nice kiss.
It's a nice kiss, nice kiss.
Say it with some residue.
Here's a fact from Alex in Miami.
Neil, I was wondering if it's possible to get the book
farewell to God over the internet.
The answer is yes.
www.canadabooks.com.
One word, Canadabooks.com.
Farewell to God by Charles Templeton.
And the number again, he says also,
could you give number over the year,
1-800-387-1417.
387-1417.
I'm going to read one more brief paragraph.
Very brief, just bear with me,
from this book last right.
And I'm going to tell you,
if you don't want to spend the money to go out and buy the book,
we'll be under you.
Because this is a book that every adult,
every child in this country ought to be forced to read.
Find out what kind of a guy they in police state were living in.
Confiscation based on mere suspicion is the essence
of contemporary asset forfeiture.
In the Deer County, Missouri, local police
sees Sherry and Matthew Farrell 60 acre farm
based on an unsubstantiated tip from a paid drug
informant who claimed that Farrell had a vast field of marijuana
and used tractors outfitted with special lights
to harvest it at night.
Police made no effort to investigate the allegations
before seasoning Farrell's farm.
The case against Farrell and 34 of the local defendants collapsed
when the informant refused to testify in court,
first because he claimed that he had laryngitis
and then because he claimed the total loss of memory.
Despite the collapse of the government's case,
the police refused to return Farrell's farm.
They had a change of heart after the Pittsburgh press exposed
the case, although they required that the Farrell sign an agreement
promising not to sue before they gave them back their farm,
on which they found nothing.
The case cost the Farrell's over $5,600 in legal fees.
All right.
We got a tip from some informant who turns out to be a wackle
and full of crap from some scumbag.
And we're just going to come in and seize your property.
We're not even going to take the trouble of looking to see if it's for real.
We're just going to come in and do whatever we want
and then you can go to court and spend all your hard-earned money
and work to get your property back maybe if you're lucky.
And let me say it only because the Pittsburgh newspaper
exposed the Fiasco, the scandal, they finally said,
okay, well, you can have your property back.
But you got to sign off and the agree not to ever sue us.
Can't imagine why.
Here's Kate Coral. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
Neil, I'm a consummate Coral here,
calling from Kate Coral.
On the morning show from 8 to 10,
my host tells me I caught too much.
Good. Okay. We don't want chronic callers, okay?
He's a consummate.
And soon as he said, I'm a consummate caller.
Little bells and buzzers.
We're going off in my head.
We don't do chronic callers over here, okay?
Sir, just listen, because you obviously have nothing to say.
He's the consummate caller.
Chronic is what the word is, sir.
Chronic pain in the ass.
We don't need you. We don't want you. Go the hell away.
Open line and date one and Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's the call from the hammock. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Yes. The guy that called up the drug enforcement guy who...
The cop, yeah.
Right. I mean, he himself, you know,
he convicts himself when he says that how the prices have gone down drastically in 25 years for...
I mean, I don't know what the prices are,
but I know that they have...
I mean, what other commodity, what other thing that you buy in this economy?
His gone down so drastically in price.
I mean, what does that say about their efforts and the drug war when, you know, I think...
Their efforts are a joke. It's strictly...
It's strictly self-sufficient self-faceted.
Right. I mean, no one's letting go.
They're on ability to kill the goose that laid the golden egg.
That is that one.
They're letting go of themselves out of a job.
Right.
Out of an income. I mean, all the way from the drug drugs are all the way down to, you know, your local agency.
Absolutely correct. The war on drugs in this country is one of the biggest forces
and one of the biggest myths in the history of mankind.
And that's why the referendum, I think in California, where the voters voted for the medical use,
I think, of marijuana overwhelmingly.
Right.
And then the government says no. We're not going to, you know,
even if you vote...
Mainly in Oakland, the county council came in in Oakland and passed by one vote, five to four votes.
They passed the measure to a lot of the people who need medical marijuana to have a place where they can get it legally.
Yeah, it's just, you know, I mean, I don't care. I don't smoke marijuana.
And I don't either. I don't either. I believe in freedom.
I believe in the government that it shouldn't be a police state. That's what I believe in.
Exactly. Exactly.
It's just the most of the biggest, froth, most fraudulent, you know, unbelievable scam that there is.
I mean, when you stop and think about all the big to do, forget about whatever you think about Clinton's sex life,
but all this think they made about, oh, did he actually inhale?
They asked him, did he try marijuana? Did he inhale?
Which of course he felt compelled to deny and lie about that.
Because the notion that somebody might have actually inhaled a joint marijuana,
this 20 years ago, this could disqualify. I mean, we're talking, we're for madness all over again.
People are just, you know, brainwashed.
Later, we're still talking, we're for madness in this country.
It's people are just brainwashed in this country, they really are.
They just don't realize it, but it's unbelievable.
It's unbelievable. It's unbelievable.
Listen to me. I'll find someone.
Good luck, pal.
Yeah.
We have an open line, two of them in Dave County, five six seven, oh five sixty,
pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
Here's dear field. Hello.
Yeah, Neil. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Thank you, Paula. Great.
Actually, I have a few things that I wrote them down so I can be concise,
because I don't want to get hung up on.
Real quick, I was a loyal Howard Stern fan, came down here,
what do you mind turning me on to you?
At first, I didn't think I'd ever listen to talk radio.
You might remember, he was listening, I mean, years and years, he finally called you
the day he was moving to Ohio, and you said, good for you, smart guy, finally moving.
Yeah.
He's been asking me to take your show, and I, in KVGIDE, they keep listening, the Neil show,
and I hear you talking, and I might be canceled.
What is the story with that? How long do we have it for?
How long do you have it for about another week and a half, another week?
Okay, regarding Amsterdam.
Yeah.
I've never been there, two or four.
They say when you go to these cafes, it's like a menu, you basically have a smogest board,
right?
All different pipes, is that true?
Yes.
And what about out on the street, people can walk around and smoke boobs, no problem?
Yes. Wow.
Okay, also, you're a big hockey buff.
Yeah.
I'm very into hockey, unfortunately, I'm an island fan, don't give me any crap about that.
Hey, listen, they won a greasy goal last night.
I saw parts of that game, that kid, that legacy kid for LA's been playing great,
greasy goal from center-rise, but they won the game.
Yeah, they did.
In fact, Tommy, how does Tommy Salo have three shutouts this year? I don't get it.
He must be doing drugs.
He's a few in the Olympics, though.
He's good.
He's quick.
But what you've used on POTS, then?
On Felix.
On Dennis POTS, then.
Oh, Dennis POTS, then.
Yeah, I haven't heard about POTS, then.
The only thing that he ever said in his life that was memorable was
a lot of footstores here, there.
That was the only thing he ever said that we can recall.
Have a great day, pal.
I wouldn't waste two seconds talking about that dumb frog.
Denise POTS, then, okay?
Great player, but is the human being?
We can't stand him.
We don't want, we don't want to get him upset because Dennis, of course,
he does have to skin every time we rip him on the show.
He gets all bent out of shape.
We heard his feelings.
Okay, we apologize, Denise.
Here's a homestead.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I call up about that having money on you.
Yes.
I was a call, but when I had I hit a rate for $7,000.
Rob Taylor.
Yeah.
And the security guards, you know, they got that 5% guys up there.
Right.
So they took me and he had this 5% guy down into the security office.
Uh-huh.
And they said to me, how much money you got on you?
I said, what do you mean?
How much money?
You got on me?
What?
You don't want to know if I want to launch?
They had a race track, they said that?
That's right.
They took me into security office.
And what happened?
What they were trying to do, they were trying to say that this guy signed my tickets for
eight contacts.
Right.
And I just wouldn't go along with him.
I just said, I don't even know the guy.
I had $7,000, $8,000 in my pocket.
I just refused to let him go.
So you went to say that they paid you in cash?
Well, yeah.
You know, when you hit a big tri-factor, they usually write you a check and it'll give you a chance.
No, no, no.
Yeah, sure they do.
No, no, no.
That's when you hit for $17,000, $18,000.
Right.
But this was for like $4,000 to some hearts.
Oh, just small potatoes, right.
Yeah, so if you get two guys to sign for you, that's what it was about eight times.
Right.
But they will watch you.
They must have seen them give me the money and stuff.
Yeah.
So you were trying to get a guy there exactly.
So what do you want?
You were you were cheating the government for Christchurch.
This guy's calling me a complainant like the five percent.
You got to do that for you.
You got to know where to go and who to see, man.
Well, fat rates will turn you on to who to see.
We have an open line at day five six seven oh five sixteen.
Now what he's talking about is that when they take the money off the top,
if you go cash to ticket at the window, so they have these guys who hang around five percent.
And for five percent, they go and they cash it and they're deadbeat anyway.
And they don't file any income tax.
And so you want to save all the tax money and just pay them five percent.
Instead of your thirty percent or whatever, twenty percent that they take off the top of the government.
Here's a guy trying to cheat the goddamn government.
Trace that call, by the way.
Leave the portal far to loan.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil, for a time long time.
I'm not chronic.
Well, you took the words out of my mouth before the break and that's that caller after the break.
But you know, I'd like to say that, you know, you're right.
This is a jack booted police state.
And you know, like you said, these guys are just, you know, they're taking our money.
They're taking our property and people need to protect their assets.
You know, I want to know if the book, I heard lost rights, but I didn't get the author.
James Bovar, B-O-V-A-R-D, it's a paperback, lost rights to the destruction of American liberty.
It's one of the most little ear eyeballs will pop out of the sockets when you read this.
Right. Well, there's another book you need to read.
It's called The Authority of Law by Charles Weissman.
And people don't realize this, but a statute is not the law.
And there's no jurisdiction in the court.
So when they charge you with a statute, they're just, you know, arbitrarily saying that this is the law.
And we're going to do it anyway because nobody's challenged them.
You know, Bob, as you got lawyers in the legislature and in the executive branch,
which is a violation of the Constitution, separation of powers.
But people don't even realize that because they're not even taught civics in school anymore.
Yeah. It's ridiculous.
Anyway, I love you, buddy.
Okay, pal.
All right.
That's a great thing.
We have an open line that day one is powered 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
If you want to be an American, don't walk around with a lot of cash on you.
Okay, that's the message.
And the darker your complexion is, the less cash you ought to be carrying around.
Because we know there's no smarts is out there that I have more than like 10 bucks.
Right.
Wouldn't you say that's about right?
Let's pick a number.
If you're black, in fact, if you're real, real dark black,
and you got more than like two, three dollars on it.
Well, let's see.
Now, how much is it $5 for the Vagrantcy Law?
What's the Vagrantcy Law, George?
How little do you have that money and they can rest you for a Vagrant $5, I think?
I don't know.
Hasn't that changed?
I thought it was under 20.
No, no, no.
Under 20 bucks.
How the hell did I ever make it through those years at KAT?
Don't you remember my story about how the day that was on a Sunday and my bank card wasn't
working that day?
And I was broke.
And I wanted to go have lunch over there on the old and old.
What the hell was the name of that place?
Whatever it was.
And I had no cash.
And I put my card in the machine and it would work.
I thought, geez, I'm going to be fat.
It's young, kipper today.
I didn't even know it.
And I'm walking across the street and I look on the, by the curb.
And there's like $6 bill sitting there on the ground.
Of course, that's back in $76 or $6.76.
It bought me a nice meal and a big banana split.
Yeah.
And I said, all right.
There you go.
It's America.
They paved the streets with money.
Decriminalized pot in Florida.
Did you make it, did you make it, did you make it, did you make it?
Did I make it, did I make it?
Did you make it, did you make it, did you make it, did you make it?
And the hockey belt needs to make it.
And then I'm on my mind as it's rushing in.
Out of the me, after you, after black, after you.
Out of the me, after you, after black, after you.
I say hi and I.
I think what you're doing.
Out of the me, after black, after you.
Out of the me, after black, after black, after you.
Out of the me, after black, after black, after you.
Out of the me, after black, after black, after black.
Out of the me, after black, after black.
Out of the me, after black.
I go to the church and I ride the motorbike.
Chicken soup with honey, the luck, that's what I like.
There's heavier but tasty.
Bread, peas, rice and cranes.
Blanket and desert of fish.
That's much more my taste.
Trust me, trust me, you.
Trust me, trust me, trust me, trust me.
Trust me, trust me, trust me.
How I'm living, you're trust me.
Oi!
I'm the head of the camp.
Oi!
Rastar me, rastar you.
Rastar me, after you.
Rastar you.
You get my rastar you.
You're so beautiful, like a sport, I told you.
I'm proud of that.
I'm proud of that.
I know you're taking a picture, but I'm not.
I'm a little bit of a man.
I'm like a pro-dynamic, you play me.
You're a pro-dynamic, you have to be a pro-dynamic.
You have to be a pro-dynamic, you have to be a pro-dynamic.
You've got to prove it back for us.
That's what I always say.
12.32 at 5.60 WQAM.
We have it open line in days.
5.6, 7.0, 5.60, 0.5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Hey, Goldberg, it's your last day two at two o'clock this afternoon.
We got the boogster with six briefly.
Because seven o'clock we got Panther pregame.
7.30 Panthers in the Red Wings.
Here's Volka. Hello.
Deal. Yes, sir.
I've been listening to you for years and never called them,
but the irony of what just happened,
and then you pick up the phone.
I'm driving home from lunch, four lunch, to Volka.
I'm a 45-year-old businessman with a suit and tie on.
Right when you're talking about the loss of rights,
I pull right into a Broward County Sheriff's checkpoint with Radio On.
I flip the radio off.
I look over to my right, and there's a couple of teenagers
with shaved heads and ponytails and Camaros and firebirds, et cetera.
Right.
Getting shaken down by the cops.
I come pulling up to the checkpoint, go right on through.
Right.
I have a 45-year-old of a smoking pot for 25 years.
I'm doing a ride for myself.
Hi.
It's a hard balancing act trying to explain to my son the hypocrisy of the government,
but the need for rules at the same time.
Right. Right.
It's brutal.
And you're the voice of truth, and I appreciate it.
OK, pal.
You're doing a good job.
Thanks a lot.
That's right. If you're young, if you got long hair,
if you look a little on a hip-hop side, if you're black, if you're Hispanic,
if you're a fag, if you're whatever, whatever the hell you are,
the government is just waiting to put you over and hassle your ass
and we're paying big fat tax money to these assholes so they can protect us.
So they can keep us safe.
Who now's going to keep us safe from them?
That's the goddamn question.
Seizing people's property, shaking people down, shaking down minorities.
Oh, yeah.
Illegal road checks out there and I would go ahead and give them the right to do these road checks.
What is that all about?
It's like something you expect to see in a banana boat country in a 10th world country.
Oh, well, we're just doing spot checks here to see who's naughty and nice.
What if you're late for work?
What if you're on the other side of the house?
How about the spot checks to see who's got?
See, this is a state where we have no auto inspection by the way,
which I've been screaming about three years and we'll never get it back.
We got to think where they stick that, you know, the tube up your rectum
that can check you down for 10 bucks.
Is if they really care about emissions.
They're more concerned about other scored, scored emissions is what they're really concerned about.
But nevertheless, auto inspection, people with bald tires with no headlights,
with no brakes, they're little brown coop.
Does anybody care about that?
No.
They don't give a crap about that.
That's not what they're looking for.
They're looking for something to really stick it to you for, baby.
So they can, so why don't we just build a prison on every street corner?
We can put all the goddamn drug criminals out there,
the drug abusers in the jail for like the rest of their lives until the key away.
Everybody whoever smoked a joint, everybody who ever had a,
a goddamn joint in their possession, everybody who ever had a goddamn
roach in their ass tray.
Anybody that ever knew somebody that, you know,
and of course, if you ever inhale for Christ's sake,
that's the electric chair right away.
We're talking about a government of lunatic, fascist maniacs,
and that's why every time I pick up my paper in the morning,
and I read about, well, these black guys are going to vote for Bush,
and this, these Jews over here are going to vote for,
and I want to throw up.
I want to puke.
And of course, leave it to the Harold.
Who do you think they endorsed?
Who do you think the Harold endorsed last Sunday?
How many guesses do you need to get who's with the V?
And I read the whole convoluted argument, and it says in there,
toward the end of their editorial endorsement,
it says, even though philosophically, on most of the issues,
we agree more with Buddy McCay.
Spotted at, we think that Jeff Bush has got the foresight
and the vision to lead us into a new state of fascism,
or whatever it said.
How do you like that?
In other words, what they're saying is that if we know what's good for us,
as we continue pandering to a certain constituency in this town,
we damn well better endorse Jeff Bush.
That's what they said.
Because if you're reading in the Harold,
you know beyond a shadow of it out,
it's what's good for the Harold.
Whether it's about politics, whether it's about casino gambling,
whatever it's about, whether it's about building that arena,
they're building that down there, right there,
by the Harold property there, with Mickey Ererson and company.
If it's good for the Harold, then they'll give you all the propaganda
that you can suck down.
Here's Poppin'O. Hello.
Poppin'O.
Hey, what's up?
Hello, Niel.
Yes, sir.
All right, I got a story at a DC for you.
Can barely hear you.
Oh, I got a story at a DC for you.
Six months ago, it pulled over a car.
Nice bend.
Dramed through one of the roughen neighborhoods.
Yeah.
Tainted windows.
They don't know when that was inside.
They figured they got a drug dealer,
something to hold the guy out of the car.
It's Rob Stryson.
Point guard for the windward.
Yeah.
I mean, they're sticking with the DUI
or something, never follow up on it.
I mean, it's crazy.
Okay, pal. Thanks for the good news.
What do you say?
He said something about the old Washington.
Pull it to let it change their name.
We have an open line and day one and Broward,
5667-0560, 05-560.
100 mobile one lines.
Boy, somebody puts in bad stuff and he see guards.
I'll tell you that.
Woo!
Heavy duty.
Yeah, somebody has tainted our arresting guards.
Here's a call from Naples.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to comment from a physician's point of view
regarding prohibition, which you so accurately describe.
Yes.
A pharmacist turned me in for prescribing opioid or narcotics.
The Florida Board of Medicine ran me all over the state to see a psychiatrist
to see a chemical dependency.
After a convoluted, extremely expensive experience,
the Board of Medicine found nothing and I was exonjured,
but it was a very awful experience.
What it deals is that patients are unable to get treated
adequately.
That's right.
After being by physician.
So with prohibition, people are going to have to know that
they're responsible for the people who they elect.
And I so much agree with your program.
We need more people like you.
That's my comment.
Thank you so much.
Okay.
There's Dr. Jack.
I mean, Dr. Naples.
Yeah, that's another thing.
You can't even offer yourself without the government sticking their nose in there.
Dr. Jack, he's trying to help these damn people who want to die in peace
and they're terminally ill.
The government's got to stick their nose in there.
You can't do that.
Because we got a bunch of people who are right to life people,
unless you're a doctor.
The Neil Roger Show, now exclusively on 560 QAM.
Remember, this is the best of Neil Rogers.
No calls today.
It's all been previously recorded.
The best of Neil on 560 QAM.
Beware of exploding balls.
It was a cold, steel grey day, brutal wind,
blowing in the direction of the sea,
freezing fat, cheers with undying loyalty.
Victory rested on the shoulders of one man, Napoleon Kaufman.
He emerged on the field from the smokey battles on the team locker room.
Napoleon Kaufman, he was healthy and ready to do something.
Throughout the annals of sports history,
nobody did something better than Napoleon Kaufman.
Napoleon Kaufman, he did something.
But how he's doing?
How he's doing?
Anybody know how Napoleon Kaufman did doing these days?
Anybody know?
Come on, we want to five days later, requiring mine.
No.
We want to know.
16 to 1 at 560 WQM.
We have two open lines in Dave County, 560.
560.
05.560 on the mobile wind line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to talk about the supposed drug war for a minute.
I completely agree with everything you said.
I'd like to take it a step further.
I've been paying for the last five years or so that I think all drugs should be legal.
Because this drug war is unwinnable from the gate go.
It's a joke.
All they do is raise the street price with these interdiction efforts to theirs.
You know, and then make the drug dealers richer.
Whether it's legal or not,
it's not impent on my decision whether to do heroin one day.
I'm educated about it.
Take that money that they're waiting for.
Education, oh my god, you're getting a little bit revolutionary there now, sir.
Education?
Yeah.
Informing the public about the realities of what this is all about teaching our kids about drugs,
honestly and openly.
Absolutely.
As opposed to just running around screaming the sky is falling and doing an anti-region with the red dress, yes I know.
It's just if Buddhicrous.
And you know, over half the crime in this country is drug related.
I think, you know, if you regulate it, legalize attacks that you're going to see a drop in the crimeway big time.
From that.
From that.
From that.
And not only that, we'll be able to keep these violent criminals in jail for a very, very long time instead of letting them out early to put a dime a dozen drug dealer in there.
Let me say it again.
The average time that a murderer spends in prison in this country is nine years.
We have people serving three people serving life sentences without eligibility for parole in this country because they were going too many plants in their backyard.
It's just unbelievable.
One more thing, you know, I'm a musician.
I was out last night at this bar and we kind of, they closed down and I was out with my buddy and then we were sitting in my car in the parking lot.
These three cop cars come up.
They shine the lights in my car.
You know, they see, you know, my hair is a little long so it's my friend.
And musicians don't forget.
Yes, they probably have strengths then.
Oh, you know, they went through my whole car, took out my bags and stuff that had my equipment in, went through that, went through everything in my car.
Right.
You know, and they have nothing to do out there.
They're like bored and it's okay.
And what did they find?
Nothing.
Absolutely.
Positively.
Nothing.
The big.
Oh, unbelievable.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Okay, pal.
Yeah, he's got long hair.
He's a musician, which I'm sure they must have sensed it.
A police-effing state, baby, make no mistake about it.
You're in it.
Two open lines in date.
5670-560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
You have a line in the city of Fort Lauderdale.
Lady mobile?
Oh, yes.
Hello there.
I'm a first time call from Connecticut and I've been enjoying listening to you.
I agree with a lot of your points.
I kind of have a hard time listening to you because you do take out the name and the name a lot, which kind of bums me out a little bit.
Hey, you're free to most speech.
We have free to most speech in this country.
So, well, just because I personally am a Christian, I don't take out the name and the name and I do think that you're like a stupid title or believe whatever you're telling.
You're entitled to say whatever you like.
Right.
But I do like listening to you.
It does make it a little hard.
But anyway, I wanted to ask you a couple questions about some restaurants.
You were talking about one Mexican restaurant.
It has a prickly pear cactus margarita.
You remember the name of that?
What?
A prickly pear cactus margarita.
What are you talking about?
My husband's been saying that somewhere in sunrise, you were advertising a prickly pear cactus.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
All right.
Near new movie theaters, nothing from a summering.
How about a Chinese restaurant named...
Okay, we have an open line in Broward to indeed.
Five to go back to Connecticut, lady.
Okay, before it's too goddamn late.
Oh, sorry.
What is she talking about?
A prickly pear.
You know.
Yeah, I got a prickly pear for you, sweetheart.
Two open lines in date.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
And pound five, sixty on a mobile one line.
Absolutely.
Oh, no.
Jesus, go back to Connecticut.
Okay, they can't even pronounce it right.
They're either spelling it wrong or pronouncing it wrong.
Can't even have it both ways.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, deal.
Yes, sir.
I'm surprised you haven't had a lot of voters calling you.
The Coast Guard is just as bad.
I mean, you can have a nice, leisurely, say,
off to the family or somewhere.
Yeah.
And you think you're going to...
If you do it very many times, you're going to get boarded
by the Coast Guard.
And the reason is, they're going to board a sailboat
or something like that because they've got to have so many
boardings in a month.
And why would they...
What's the other way they got a quota for that too,
which I'm sure they would deny.
Just like they've got a quota for writing tickets,
which of course, so we know they do.
But why would they want to board a drug book where they make it shot?
Right, that's what I'm saying.
My friend said he's both torn up by them.
He had the boat torn up?
Well, tearing apart, pulling off panels,
and everything going through looking for drugs.
And...
Right.
And he never has used drugs, never would.
Yeah.
And...
But they've gone out there and his friends have had the same experience.
I'm surprised you haven't had more voters calling about this.
Maybe we will.
I guess the message is stay inside.
Lock the doors, real tight and stay inside.
Thanks, Neil.
Okay, pal.
Just lock the...
Just like for ten, we're having a hurricane.
Pretend that big one that's down there in a gulf.
Pretend it's up here.
Just shut her up the house, board up the doors,
nail it, shut from the inside, get a lot of your supplies.
Of course, first, that's a good idea.
Or maybe just leave a little room under the door.
They can slip the stuff, have one of those doggy doors.
And that's it.
Because our government is busy looking to harass the hell out of you.
I wish I had the time.
I wish I had the hours.
And I wish it weren't so boring to read stuff on here.
Because it really is.
I don't like reading on here.
I've done a lot of it the last few days.
But this book is just amazing.
Just unbelievable.
Where's the one about Fort Lauderdale?
I was reading only moments ago.
One moment, please.
To bring it real close to home.
In Florida, the Dead County Commission revised county laws in 1989
to allow county officials to demolish a nuisance building within 30 days after the police report drug activity
at the property.
Proof of drug activity is defined in the ordinance as one arrest.
In date County, they can demolish it within 30 days, one arrest.
All right.
We're carrying your building on, baby.
Oh, here it is.
In Fort Lauderdale, police sees the $250,000 home of a dead man from his heirs who would care for him
while he was dying of cancer.
This is in Fort Lauderdale.
The justification for the seizure, a confidential informant told police that two years early
the owner took a $10,000 payment from drug dealers who used the docket boughs along a canal to unload cocaine.
The informant can't recall the exact date, the boat's name or the dealer's names.
And the government candidly says in its court brief, it doesn't possess the facts necessary to be any more specific as the Pittsburgh press reported.
Although the police had no evidence that the deceased homeowner was involved in drug dealing,
an informant's vague uncorroverted assertion was sufficient to evict the owners and sees the property.
Oh, here's Fort Lauderdale.
All right.
I guess you won't be doing that no more, huh?
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, yeah.
Yes, sir.
I don't want to get off the subject of drugs, but just wanted to let all the blacks and the Jews and the facts.
And now, if you don't vote, it's never the third.
Yeah.
You're going to see the day of the day.
I'm going to register, and I was going to do it, which is obviously too late.
And I guarantee you this is the last time living in this country that I'm not going to register to vote,
because even though it's only one vote, I just can't sit back and watch these Nazis take over the head of that big country.
I can't do it.
That's all I got to say.
God bless you, sir, vote early and often.
All right.
Okay.
That's right.
I'm going to register for the next one.
And that would probably be the last one that I'll be here.
Oh, thank God.
What is that day coming?
Oh, please.
Open line and date one and Broward.
560, 560, 0560, 0560, and a mobile one line.
This is America.
Maybe where freedom is a figment of your imagination.
It's a state of mind.
It's all relative.
Maybe your relatives are free, but you're probably not.
Here's a key log.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I wanted your lawyer to listen to this in key log.
You have a lot of them.
Everything you say is right on about the government, about religion, about everything.
You mentioned something three or four weeks ago.
You said two words that I've been believing in for a long time.
Yes, sir.
A forced sterilization.
Oh, absolutely.
Now we're talking.
It's ridiculous to have let a 19-20-year-old woman go in there and have their third or fourth kid and they still don't know who the father is.
Right.
Kind of women's tubes.
All these athletes, by the way.
And all these athletes, these great people who are role models and we're supposed to respect them, they're making 15 and 20 and $100 million a year.
Who are like, yes, they're like George Washington.
They want to be the father of our country.
They're running around.
They're impregnating every day and bicks that they can find.
And making babies all over their numbers.
They're not married to this one.
They're not married to this one.
And we just don't understand what we got all these problems.
We can't figure it out.
Big problems.
It's just unbelievable how we can allow these women to keep spitting out babies with no father, no support.
And the baby machines go up to the beach.
Baby machines in the ghetto.
It's unbelievable.
Now you can always untie those tubes when they mature enough to take care.
They're all bitch.
That's right.
They're all off the welfare.
Yep.
Everything you say is right on.
Okay, pal.
Okay, thank you.
God bless me and you.
We have two open lines.
They're both in Dave County.
56670560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
That bitch from Connecticut before.
Well, when you take the lawyer, I shouldn't know.
As soon as she said, well, I'm a Christian.
You know something who cares?
I don't care if you're a Christian.
I don't care if you're a Jewish.
I don't care if you're an atheist.
I don't give a crap what you are.
You don't have to qualify yourself when you call this radio show or any radio show.
By telling me your God damn my superstitious voice.
I'm not interested.
In addition to which probably when you announce to me that you're a Christian, it tells me you're intolerant
and a judgmental bitch is what it probably tells me.
Not that I want to be judgmental.
Oh, I am.
Here's a mobile in four-letter mail.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hope I'm not being redundant, but a couple of things I've heard the last few days on your show.
This poor guy that got busted for a role as a ZXED paper.
I would live it when I heard that.
Yeah.
I don't recall any role in paying for a man of marijuana use.
I mean, it says cigarette paper.
It may come as a great piece of news, but in Amsterdam since I've been talking about that a lot, many of the people.
I would even be willing to say most of them role their own cigarettes.
I'm talking about real honesty God cigarettes.
Not marijuana.
I'm talking about cigarettes.
So they have rolling papers.
And basically they put in there whatever in the mood, but they do role their own cigarettes.
What does that still role their own cigarettes?
What light does the government have to assume they may be right, but they still have proof that you're using it to roll.
How about when it closes all the head shops down?
That's right.
That's right.
Do you know that in the Egyptian mummification, they found evidence of cocaine and marijuana in the mummies now?
I don't know.
I don't know cocaine use, but I've been spoken for 30 years.
Maybe that's how they love it to the determines.
Maybe that's how they make it slower.
But over the course of history, people have always wanted to get into a euphoric state.
Yeah.
And I don't think it's not Florida.
No, it's not Florida.
Neil, I just, you're so right on what you're saying.
We, as you're listening to the audience, I think, are, I'm a little hesitant to talk about marijuana use on a restaurant or in public.
You know, for fear of the wrong person over here in the country.
That's right.
We got those confidential informants like the books says, everybody and their brothers are confidential informants.
Do you remember a few years ago when Bush told people, yeah, if your neighbor's doing something bad, call up the cops, turn it anonymously.
Not like your neighbor.
Remember a guy with a mustache.
I was reading the thing the other day about all these kids that are being encouraged to turn mommy and daddy in.
This is terrible.
Not see Germany started out like this.
Yeah.
And I don't remember voting the power that the IRS has in our government today.
Do you, did you vote for that?
I certainly don't remember it being brought up as an issue.
What, I'm telling you, Neil, you are still right on.
We need more people like you.
You should be in politics, man.
And I was standing behind you 100%.
Okay, pal.
Thanks.
Yeah, great to hear.
In the 1930s says this book by James Boulevard, the Soviet regime rewarded young children who betrayed the authorities words of criticism their parents had spoken about the great Stalin.
As Robert Conquest noted in his classic history, the great terrorist, Stalin's purge of the 30s, Stalin's idea of a good young communist demanded the qualities of an enthusiastic young narc.
Some critics alleged that the public schools are now adopting some of Stalin's methods.
Drug abuse and a resistant education deer is currently being taught by police officers to more than 5 million children in more than 200,000 classrooms each year.
Police men seek to win the children's trust and children sometimes can fight the police.
The names of people and children suspect are illegally using drugs.
A mother and father and Caroline County, Maryland, were jailed for 30 days after they daughter informed the policeman providing a school anti drug program
that her parents had marijuana plants in her home.
The Neil Roger show now exclusively on 560 QAM.
Remember, this is the best of Neil Rogers.
No call today.
It's all been previously recorded.
The best of Neil on 560 QAM.
It's all been previously recorded.
The best of Neil on 560 QAM.
It's all been previously recorded.
The best of Neil on 560 QAM.
It's all been previously recorded.
The best of Neil on 560 QAM.
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
It's the Lauderdale to two hours.
My religion better than your religion.
All right.
My religion better than your.
Okay.
My beliefs are what requires you to avoid a lack of fire.
My religions better than your.
Are you sure?
My religions better than your religion.
My religions better than yours.
My religion as a base of industry and racial hate.
My religions better than yours.
Are you gonna get better than your means?
Why do you get better than yours?
I'm the voice in where the dress
My religion is better than yours
Ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha
I've never seen things these do
And I see prettier, for yours
And I smell so much
Come and get change
I love the best about that old fart that was battling bullcrant.
Oh, this is terrible. You're trying to take away with these people who are taught by their parents.
I'm not trying to take away anything. I'm just giving you something to think about.
Is there something wrong with thinking? No.
News that like a revolutionary concept in this country?
Huh.
Think about it. If they give you a stand of clause, was that a lie?
No.
They give you a tooth fairy. Was that a lie?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, they give you God. Was that a big lie?
Uh-huh.
There you go. So at least they're consistent, but they can't help it because that's the way they were raised too.
So just use your own brain. Just think about it.
As opposed to just because, well, you're my parents were this.
So who did? How cares?
Who cares? Did they have some kind of a lock on the truth? On reality? Of course not.
And who the hell is screaming out here on the goddamn hall like, I'm going to tell you something, man, this sales department, they're going to, uh, if there's a lake of fire, they're going there.
Ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba. We're going to stick a mug against that guy. They'll all back to you.
Okay, have the lead color hour every day tomorrow.
Okay. Here's Miami. Hello.
Daniel. Yes, sir.
Mark me down for that DNA.
Man. Alright.
Everyone coming in like crazy.
Rice is right.
That's right. I used to be a good Catholic male until St Thomas University.
Oh my god.
Yeah, I believe because I was asking too many questions in theology.
and uh...
don't you know that's both the questions man you're just supposed to be good
and obedient keep your head down that's right exactly
keep your head on it
and that's right
and when those uh... technicals they have a common on my door i grab my red
pajamas in my
right
great
thanks for the great tale
see you
we have an open line in the day county five six seven or five sixty
and five sixty on a mobile one of all of you heard the good news
yeah the good news is you're out of here okay that's the good news
the good news that the door is slamming your face and i'm going back to
watch my day in the soap opera whatever
boy oh boy by the way speaking of soap opera's man if anybody ever seen so much
tourists at the same time is guiding light
we got dina who just won't die because she didn't take quite enough blood
pressure pills
we got been who just won't die because he's a miserable so we got to play
because all of a sudden walk in like a miracle now
and rosses in the middle of it and uh...
wow you think you got problems turned on guiding light and really cracks me
up
these guys that they will look at a guy watches a soap opera and then i was
listening to a couple weeks ago
and was doing this they are now is managed filling in
asking about guys uh... not not watching monday night football
and you'd be amazed at how many guys were calling in saying they're watching
melrose place
on monday night
now is melrose place a soap opera
that's time i check
uh...
the people watch it because there's a lot of uh... hot flesh on their
uh... right just like we watch the proper today time uh...
hey billy just keep your mouth shut billy
billy is uh... looking really good on guiding light if you just as you talk
you know he got that yeah
he's got that little
there's a mobile and four-letter mail hello
i do a nil okay sir
i've been thinking about your topic today yes
and made me start to think that you know
if you start thinking back during the renaissance period in augura medieval
time yeah the best way to keep the sheep in line
yet scared
if you care by saying hey if you don't do that
you're going to
really about it was a worth a damn that's what that old man little hair said
before she ran off of all the money religion without a hell is a worth a
damn nobody's gonna be into it like that you're death in the heaven and hell
that's what it's all about
that is so true you know i'm a whoo
i was that that has a catholic but you know it
the first day of all he thought is just
the bible is a good book of fiction
no it's not even a good book of fiction it's a twisty that is stored in
and warped in full of hate and psychosis and it makes no sense whatsoever and
contradictions it tells a good story
and that doesn't mean it tells a horrible story
but the thing is you have to take the good things out of it you have to take
the morality parts out of it you have to get the part of the part so you say
hey you shouldn't kill people it's not good
yeah but if you're but if your children are disobedient they shall surely
be stoned to death you can't just you can't be so you can't be
selectively pious you're you can't just pick and choose what makes sense
and out of a book that makes no sense in its totality you can't do that
okay is that what you're doing you're choosing what make this
no right i'm not to nom that's not what i'm doing at all i didn't get it out
of a book i can't get out of a common sense
but you don't need somebody to write me a book thing you don't harm other
people you don't steal their property you don't hurt people
that's why i require reading a book i never said i looked my life by the book
yeah but what i'm saying is you you pick out just like you do i have any other book
that you can pick out that tells a good story
that teaches morality yeah i mean i can name a bunch of them out there like
it teaches morality about all these people had slaves and they were
begetting and begetting the one and that one and everything all the
subtly that and the uh incess that was going on
you're you're you're kneeling down the really you know
medieval point the stuff that's really medieval point
it's gonna be a little medieval anything and i got the book right back here i'll
get this in that book out if you want me to it's got other do with medieval
oriented it's right it's all go eat it pal have a great day
see he's like he's making a little bit of progress okay he's taking like one
about a half a baby step but he can't take the rest of the step
show the book away okay go burn it somewhere go have a good time all these
right wingers are in the bookburning there's one that ought to be burned
because it's full of sickness and twisted crap
oh disobedient children show surely be stoned to death well that sounds great
and that's coming right from god himself that loving god who loves us
but boy he gets pissed off and every time he gets pissed off his raths your wax
hot because pissed off gets me fired up when i hear someone say that
that's right that's right there at the beginning of genesis that's what god says
and that's why his rath is waxing hot
some days it's so hot even listens to waxing he's the one
till you heard Rene Rion here doing that uga buga
you get a lot of baby
you're hydrogen sports hall radio wq a-a-a
oh baby come play with my slaw and maybe hang a sandwich you can take a big
it all okay baby come play with my slaw you don't have to swallow
i have a washcloth
aiming to flee you know you're going down on me
oh yeah where is the sondermat upon your maze
you can have more fun too
woo here i come the rath is at a speed
oh yeah
oh yeah
who's your daddy now
baby baby
baby baby
115 is 560 wq and we got to hang coldberg show at chula state 2 at 2 o'clock
we got the booster at 6 and then we got the
podrason that land at 745 tonight
we're getting to the big stuff
here's hollywood hello
uncle neal yes sir how you doing sir can you come get ready to any
dnh okay your number 5,000 this thing is growing like topsy man
all right awesome hey sir i just want to change the subject of religion
something something else that affects all of us about 25 minutes ago on cnbc
yes general Reno was on there talking about how the
department justice has just filed an antitrust lawsuit
against mastercard and visa she was saying something or other about that
because they're both owned by the same company
or something other about their own both owned by the same banks or something
but it really it really affects all of us
so what does that mean well just a part of the big scheme just the antitrust
the monopoly so we're going to get some money back
i don't know she she went jibber jabber jabber she does that very well she
jibber jabber's a lot well like i said i didn't understand all i didn't i didn't
get on the all to the uh
technical stuff or whatever but i caught the gist of it yeah but um
anyway i have a shameless request yes sir okay next break can you play case
the case which one um the one that he where he's cursing okay all right also
kneel yes try uh dillbert world in the in the vinaigiris
what is it it's called dillbert world oh dillbert i think he said gillbert world i
said okay thanks a lot pal get out of here i thought he said gillbert and it's
not like he said gillbert world i'll pass on that my favorite moment of our
thing at uh a last saturday when we were at borders over by the uh
gallery was when gillbert right after he's saying
the national anthem where the hell is it oh no
right after he's saying i mean that's a national anthem well i'm stalling for
time after he's saying take me out to the ball game and he said it's got that i
was stupid and everybody in unison said uh huh here's a mobile in pondby chillow
a meal yes sir hey uh good show interesting show i respect your opinion uh
let me take for a minute yes um i'd like uh i'd like for you to go to the new testament of the
bible and um you know that gives a good message
read that read john three sixteen and uh or even to start with that again you
would go to too many football games or like i'm gonna follow my logic for one
minute okay see before you go on with your logic let me just say this one thing
you okay okay people who drive around with a little fish on the back of their car
yeah and people who go to sporting events holding up these signs john three sixteen
these are intolerant people who should not be they're they're unacceptable to me
because they're flooding their beliefs which they're entitled to believe whatever they want
they're flooding them in places where it doesn't belong that right i don't want somebody out there
sticking their religion my nose when i'm driving my car in the uh highway that i help pay for
my tax money and i certainly don't want somebody when i go to pay to go to a ball game holding up
well logistines of any kind or denomination well god gave us free will you know yeah right
yeah we can i mean we we can sir do you realize how stupid that is god is on mission that mean
he knows he knows everything right and so we knew the outcome of all the decisions ahead of time
right well i'm how how can that be right and man had free will Neil let me ask all right
i i agree with you about no sir you think you know that all you wanted to have a conversation
well listen to me i want you to answer my question if god knows ahead of time what the out he knows
everything ahead of time right how could he give man free will when he knew ahead of time what
choices man would make how could he have been dismayed and distraught that they made the wrong choices
when he already knew why did he tempt them why did he put why did he why did he why did he
give them the chance to fail when he knew if given the chance they would fail right i did not know
the answer that question i couldn't pretend to know the answer that question well how can you
do something that makes so little sense i know something you don't know yes i have had there's a
difference between religion and the spiritual world i've had a i've had a what is a spiritual world
that is your relationship with god and and Jesus Christ yeah i've had that i believe
what does that mean well what that means is that that we replies that you know that he was our
creator does that make i mean it makes absolutely no sense whatsoever first of all when you say he
what does he got like two eyes in the mouth and the nose is he i got a big paw a tail like the devil
what what is that he business well let me let me say this yeah i vote do you believe that we were
created by a power bigger than ourselves absolutely not absolutely not why do you mean if you
look at the if you ask you ask me a question i give you the answer i just you are talking are you
do not believe in god right okay all right how could anybody believe anything so silly well i
mean uh what is your answer my answer to what do uh how we're here my answer to how we're here how
what if i give you three words okay yes i don't know all right well so you don't know right yes until
i'm okay i'm so i'm not going to make up some ridiculous story that somebody i mean if you're
talking you don't know how we're here yes okay and yeah and let me take it once that further i don't
know and i don't care all i know is that i am here and i'm going to make the best of it okay i don't
care about trying to explore things for which i could never have the answer that happened millions
and billions of years ago we can't even listen and i don't like that we can't even we can't even
conceive what a thousand years is like okay a hundred years maybe because some people live a little
over a hundred years but a thousand years is beyond our ability to understand to cope with okay
so the concept of understanding of dealing with millions of years or billions of years is so far
beyond our scope to understand right then what's the what's the point well the point is you know
there are things that we don't know yeah oh well that's good that's a good start there are things
that you and i don't know and let me what your d and h that's a good thing now where did our
where did our moral standards come from the bible correct no of course not i doubt cannot kill
all the things that you're saying let me say it again let me say before these silly old men wrote
that stuff down i civilized people which there were some actually back then just through common sense
right understood those things right but the same book that you're talking about repeated again it's
only one example right says disobedient children shall surely be stoned to death that's in the old
testament deal yeah okay and people people are putting your picking and choosing you can't have
the new testament without the old testament because Jesus was it you it's all point hey Jesus
wasn't you yeah you bet he was okay now follow my life for one minute i respect your
opinion did Jesus refute any of the old testament all right let me just follow my life i want you
to answer my question okay with it Jesus anywhere in the scriptures refute anything that it says
in the old testament uh i don't know what the i don't know if you would ask you
five seventeen hey nail yes i don't know if he was asked to i mean is somebody asked if he had a
purpose of giving the people the the real word about what the what salvation is all about if there
was something in there that was wrong of course he would have said he would have done it but he
didn't do it nail he came to be an example of how to live and he he talked about the same thing
about religion your sir i want to tell you something yeah very very high probability that there
was never any such person as Jesus Christ okay well i mean you know that you know that's an opinion
no it's not an opinion it's a fact there's a very high probability that he never existed uh well
i mean that's something you know that that obviously is your opinion or there isn't a
opinion of people that that didn't happen yeah let me you know let me ask you this let me get back
to who killed president Kennedy who killed president Kennedy yeah i don't know for sure now what
did that happen that happened in 1963 right that's 35 years ago right right now how can you be so
positive about something that allegedly happened two thousand years ago well because i've had a
a a spiritual experience i won't use legend because that's you know because we're you know religion
is have problems because men and women are in charge of what is a spiritual experience i'll tell
you okay i'll tell you i used to think like you did okay and there's nothing wrong with that
but what but i also i used to uh i used to drink alcohol for thirty oh okay thank you sir thank you
very much wow we finally got to the bottom line from one addiction to another right say hi to our
friends over there at paction who were all there over and there before we got out all those
recovering alcohol i'm not not gonna recover alcoholics okay but if you would have said that
at the very beginning of the call and we could have gone through the whole thirteen step program
and we could have saved a hell of a lot of time and if that's what the helps you make it through
today without a little bit of more power to you okay maybe it'll help me stop eating a sugar
and starts maybe i should pick up the good book okay let's go back here and get the bible
okay i'm holding the bible right here the old testament the new testament is it in here i'm
squeezing it i got my hands on it in the bible too and i'm still on starts and sugar how do you
like that isn't that said didn't work well i haven't worked that hard enough yet okay i haven't
i apologize profusely to myself but like i said you know i give these people a ton of time because
i'm waiting i'm waiting for the punchline and the punchline was to recover alcoholic and therefore
you know it's better than so on great here's a lady in west palm hello hello yes ma'am
i am my name's tattie just a meal right yes ma'am good hang on one second okay let's see if
that made the echo go it works like a charm yes go ahead okay well i agree with the your
new religion and but i'm also a personal relationship which you guys i do think is quite important
well what is ending a personal relationship is it come over for dinner now he's alive well and
planted heaven but uh you know i'm in heaven you and i'm having a private hot planet heaven how's
under the ground for a thousand miles down under the ground he's down there with pat boon the
journey to the center of the earth how yeah health in the in the center of the sir that's what
they say that center of the sir that's like a molten pot plastic yeah that's what hell is uh
and uh you know the like fire is down there too oh yeah yeah so um but i agree about you know
if everybody would do no harm to everybody else that would be great except that there is a real
devil and there is evil in the world there's a real devil how come god doesn't year rid of the
abide by his own laws if he said something if he says something he's not going to go back on
tell about how about when he got rid of all a mankind except Noah and his family with the
arc when he got pissed off because man was acting pretty goofy he didn't like it uh what do
me can't go back on his own word he changes his mind all the time well he didn't he didn't change
his right there he he never said that he wouldn't destroy mankind yeah but what kind of a love
what kind of a loving god destroys mankind instead of looking down a wave in his magic finger and
makes man obedient stop doing all the crap around what man what what kind of a sick creature are you
talking about that you place your faith in that just willy nilly keeps destroying all his
alive that he created he got the father it sounds like a mad professor to me is god the father
and the next to son thank you okay thank you he's not responding like you'd expect because you can
we have an open line and broard five ten and if it's sad these are living and breathing people
and they're just repeating by wrote the same craft that's been pounded into their heads since they
were little children oh and god that's trotter in the sun a hail Mary holy mother of god but I mean
but I believe right say six thousand hail Mary's and we can stop all his books say two hundred
thousand hail Mary's it'll keep you off the street you're rubbing a rosary beads and father
of tools and ernie's rubbing something else I guarantee you that right now
because he wants to alter your life well what what answered you have I don't have any answers I don't
want any answers I don't really give a crap doesn't interest me in the least bit
be like winding up in the middle of downtown Manhattan without a car without a clothing
with a but you got you know when you're in your wallet you got to the five million dollars in
cold cash somehow you just wake up one day and there you are in a plush pet house suite at some
hotel in Manhattan now are you gonna say to yourself how did I get here where did I come from no
you're gonna go out there and have a good time or you're gonna hop on a plane go wherever
do you want to go that's it remember this is the best of Neil Rogers no call today it's all been
previously recorded the best of Neil on five six feet Q a m it's all been previously recorded
the best of Neil on five six feet Q a m
all the white folks hate the black folks and the black folks hate the white folks to hate all but the
white folks is an old established rule but during national brother to eat
national brother to eat lean a horn and sheriff park our dancing cheap to cheap fun to
utilize people you just five as long as you don't let them in your school
all the poor folks hate the rich folks and the rich folks hate the poor folks all of my folks
hate all of your folks it's American as apple pie
all during national brotherhood week national brotherhood week New Yorkers love the
square for rickian causes very cheap step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand you can tolerate
him if you try
all the products and hate the Catholics and the Catholics hate the Protestants and the Hindus
hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews but during national brotherhood week national brotherhood week
national everyone smile at one and other hood week
be nice to people who are inferior to you it's only four a week so have no fear
oh black be grateful light it's not the last all year
that's the American way you said it sweetheart 133 at five 60 w Q a m here's the mobile and homestead
hello yes sir Neil i've been following your advice and thinking for myself and it's
provoked two questions for you yes sir the first is you know you are encouraging all of the older
people in date county to get out because it would improve the county significantly on one
you are encouraging all of the old people what did i say that oh frequently the problems with
date county is that there are so many old no that's broard county you got a backwards here that's
broard well broard or date no broard in essence it's the same yes no it's not the same not at all
well i've seen a couple of pictures of you and you don't appear to be a teenager to me yeah
i'm the one who's curious how old you are to you i'm a teenager well what does that have to do
with anything well i mean if you fall into a category of one of those old people are you going to
take your own advice and get out of town well i'll be out of this town long before i ever become a
senior citizen i'll guarantee that i think you've been saying that for a while haven't you
neither i've been saying it for 22 and a half years and i'll say it again broard county is an
outdoor funeral part well that's right yeah all right second question the demographics here are
skewed they're upside down this is not a real community you can't go to any other city in the world
a real city a real metropolitan area and she says a disproportionate number of old people not
nowhere question two yes sir and i'm not trying to beat you but all obviously not that after
the first go part of the conversation obviously not you and your side you said just such a great
thinker yes i you know i obviously anti-religious very very much so yes very okay am i entitled to be
on there expressing that viewpoint of course you are okay and i will and i do but my question is yes
why then do you wear a yamaka because it's a joke sir and if you're too stupid to understand it
because it's a joke and if you don't get the if you don't get the symbolism of it then i can't
help you i thought you said that i had taught you to think for yourself gorners tell from your case
okay that's exactly why i wear it to point out how silly it looks and how ridiculous it is
got it and you understand it no he doesn't get it well he's got the date and broard backward so you
know what can i say in addition to which i'm not wearing a skull cap anymore i'm wearing a nice
baseball cap now that's part of the dnh do no harm you wear a baseball cap with whatever
acute postcard taped to the top you want maybe it's a postcard with a pregnant pulp on there maybe
if this one that would be good the one that says would he be more careful it was him that was
other god pregnant it says the rhythm method it's not infallible but then who is how do you like that
there's the pregnant pulp what a pregnant idea either that or he just had one whale of a meal
maybe too much fish food for the pulp maybe too many kill bosses huh maybe too many parogies
there lots of polish brutal maybe make you balloon up like a like a maniac like a walrus
don't you love those pedantic old guys like this one the pedantic ones who talk down to you
like they're so articulate and so on and then they turn out to be total bozos it's a joke sir the
arm look at is a joke it's just it's satire do you understand what that means no okay thank you
mobile in Miami hello hello yes good afternoon good afternoon sir i get kept
on halt foot and wrong hey how you doing today okay listen i would like to impress him engage
me or something you like i like i like to join your organization yes organization i also like
to sign up my two children and my my wife i think you're the more of us yeah and we're up to
six thousand now thanks you know you know you're the best listen i'm flipping around the station
last night out of the tv and uh there was some guy uh john stopful you know the reporter he was on
ABC was talking about uh an asshole yeah we're talking about these people who are cannelers
they channel other people from other uh worlds and all that and how this one guy and this one
gentleman from brazil had to hoax so many people into believing that uh he was channeling some guy
who was like two three hundred years old yeah the guy would be in one room and he would be uh
telling him the answers and the media would be asking these answers and stuff these questions
and it was so hilarious and when it came out that it was all a hoax this was like maybe 10 years
ago maybe 10 years ago that these people still believed it they really can't be it's just like
people that are still sending money to jimmy swagger that's right it was unbelievable how these people
just very believable all right you are yeah you're right how these people just like
yeah to believe this guy and then they came out well let me tell you what they're just keep
this in mind it's good for me to money sent him in the future there's a lot of dummies out there
just keep that in mind the problem was you know what's the media because nobody nobody would take
and uh investigate this guy and one of the things that they said that he did was that his
part would stop when this guy channeled through him and the guy showed the trick of what they
would do they would put this little rubber ball on his ribs and he would push it while this nurse
was taken as well and it stopped it it was such a joke it was so hilarious well anybody who
believes that craft has definitely got rubber balls have a yes or in closing yes
oh yeah okay the Neil Roger show now exclusively on 560 QAM
that's that would read
nothing but blue hands on my TV
and
blue hands on blue sheets and they got 90s on their feet
I never saw the house smelling so nice now I'll have a lower my asking price nothing but containers
lying on bed all of them weird all of them dead yes blue hands waving bye bye
moving to Syria
just do it 16.2 and they did 60 how about some cool eight now come on how about some
of putting we have an open line and date one and brown at 5 6 7 0 5 6 the
pound 5 60 on a mobile one line we want bumper stickers we want buttons we want para
fina one what hello hello there you go here's here's this great courageous old fart that's
bugging George all day calling 10 million times the raggedy old boy says gonna get me off the
air and I should die for me to say but you don't have the ball stick along the air isn't that
something you cowardly piece of turd isn't that beautiful you turd nice what does that tell you
you know what it sounds like to me when you come right when you cut away all the bull crap
you know what it sounds like he's an orange on provacateur exactly a crap disturbing
don't have any balls do you pal don't want to go on here and have all your good friends out there both
of them hear your voice and have you show them the asshole you are to the universe show your big fat
ugly pimpley recto the world do you feel beach hello okay let's go to that wasn't it was it
that was just an asshole here's a mobile and hollywood hello hello Neil yes sir how you don't
tell like woody okay good I agree with the a thousand percent on what you're talking about today
yes I got some I think you'll find funny I was just pulling on to the highway and I saw one
of these big billboards yeah see those signs from God and I haven't seen any of me I don't
a lot of calls about them and I read that thing on the paper I haven't seen any yet thank oh one of
them said oh god it says on commercial boulevard if you keep using my name in vain I'll make your
rush hour longer yeah I saw that and that's great that well that's typical that's the kind of God
the inventive he's a satis he likes making life miserable for a god damn well pay for that does
not himself pay for that not his paid for it that's right he said you put up a bunch of billboards
I thought I let you know that okay thanks for the good news and bless you my child
oh god bless you we have an open line in power to invade they all come on all the good religious if
you believe that way you're gonna burn in hell yeah all those good people and of course that makes my
point for me I love it oh seriously they make your point for you you're gonna burn it how you
able I am you're even right there you go just like Tom Lear was singing before the Protestants
and the Catholics and the Jews and the Arabs and this one and that one all killing each other for
thousands of years now and we still can't learn our lesson to just be people and DNH stew no harm
and just leave everybody hell alone and stop teaching and reading hatred and intolerance and stupidity
because that's what it's all about oh but the good book says yeah children who are disobedient
shall surely be stoned to death oh can you imagine that today can you imagine all the TV shows we
can have under we could make whammy the stoning station then they might get an audience all those
bratty little kids are doing all those evil things just like every 15 minutes will stoned another one
to that's right there on channel or whatever it is yeah that's oh god now that's no wasting any time
with stones because the kids are all stone here's a mobile in Miami hello Neil yes sir enjoy the show
you know good discussion today I might say this I don't believe that man born with a sense of
conscience or as you're calling a common sense so he's not my question with the DNH he's not born
with common sense no I mean common sense or conscience is learned it's it's pot and that would be
the role of religion is to define so let me let me ask you let me ask you this question you ever have
a dog in your life no I have that but you but you you've been around dogs I'm sure right right now
when you're around other people's dogs for example those dogs bite off your hand
not necessarily no no I don't mean not necessarily but do they do it no no they don't do that do
they attack you do they rip your neck off they open up big gouges that bloody wounds in your body
well some might try if they're if they're brought up no no no no we're talking about dogs that are
in bread for that we're not talking about pit bulls I'm talking about your average ordinary
dog no they don't know they know and why is that because hopefully because they're upbringing
uh from there there is no you can't sit down and say to a dog because I have two dogs have
everything since they were little puppies okay you can't say to a dog um don't do this guy's
hand dog the dog instinctively knows certain things that birth instinctively knows right from
wrong animals breed right this somebody teach animals the facts of life the birds and the bees
of course not because they know it instinctively but my point is there's certain things that are
instinctive right and they're the basic knowing right from wrong you don't have to read it in the book
okay well let me give you know that if I have a car you don't take the keys and drive away with it
that's common sense it has and you're born with that nobody has to teach you that so you it is
because because of your upbringing but let's let's do an example that's a little more uh not so
clear you like to gamble right you go to the track and you like to as you call it plunge your
brains out no I don't think I like to gamble a little bit yeah you have the means to do that yeah
let's say a man with a family goes to the track and spends his last hundred dollars that was
supposed to go for groceries now has he harmed his family well what does that have to do with what
we're talking about because what I'm saying is somebody talking about a guy that's got a
compulsive gambling habit just like this other guy that has a lot of drinking habits what does that
got to do with with common sense you know somebody has to define what harm is and that that is the
role that religion takes religion defines no no sir that is not the role religion takes that's the
rule that the law let me tell you again very clearly read my lips that's the role that the law
takes not religion that's the role of the law to define what's right from wrong not religion
just like the Christian scientist like this one over in Tampa a few days ago that let their little
kid two-year-old kid died after he got the beastings just like that disgusting thing that's not
the role of religion and it's been overruled by the law in this country time and time again and
hopefully always will be because just because people are crazy with their religious above the
license and superstition doesn't give them a right to do harm to their children you're right but
religion will people who believe in the religious foundation of law will tell you that law came out
of religion not the other way around and so you always have to have some defining
um set of rules law came out of what religion sir law came out of what religion what what the
think of them is there the basis for all law is what a Christian is are they really all laws in
the world came from the ten commandments how about how about I'm gonna answer let me ask you this
how did the Asians learn about the ten commandments where where was the old testament in Asia well
I don't know I haven't been to church in three years so I'm just telling you no no matter what
what I murdered was murder ever legal in Asia and Chinese or Japanese society was
it ever legal because they didn't know the ten commandments so somebody to find in their
society to find it but how could they possibly to find it unless it was just common sense
I don't know the answer to that but what I'm telling you is people are gonna tell you how can
we have a come sir how can we have a conversation I'm trying desperately especially with people
to disagree with me I'm trying desperately because I'm seeing I disagreeing I'm just telling you
that you will have you will respond you answer my questions you have to define harm and you
can't define what harm is to everybody and say and everybody agrees so that's where well well
let me let me ask you this what is the where's the great where's the great area about doing harm
to another person where's the gray area because what's harmful to you you because if you're
afraid your best sir sir just a minute you're talking about people with compulsive gambling
problems it's not but but to the gambler does he see that that harmful no maybe not
of course he does when it goes home and he can't pay his bills and his family is starving to death
of course he does that and that's exactly what I'm saying do no harm if he's harming that
stance if he's harming this family what is it you that common sense to the gambler who's
compulsive it's not no he knows that sir you're wrong he knows it when he goes back and he gets
deep and deep and deep and deep and you don't want you don't want you don't want to have a
conversation because you make no sense do no harm and when you're harming yourself or other people
I mean if you want to harm yourself that's your own business I guess with an effect of the
people that's harm that's some big gray area that we have to have a god then committee on and
have a big discussion about very it's common sense not complicated now here's my good friend and
Miami Beach you think he's actually going to hold on hello Miami Beach Rochester Rogers yeah
Rochester Rogers yes I'm off the air I'm off the air guess what I'll be back tomorrow and the
next day in the day after that what is it you know I'm not off you'll be in the rest go house
by new year's Eve yeah where would you be where would you be the committals yeah we'd be long
you'd be long bus and tables like a good little boy yeah look a good little boy let me ask you something
do you have a mental problem obviously this is wrong oh this this guy's now worth worth
wasting time with I thought it was something like you know interesting this guy's now
worth the weight you know there's some older disgusting the creppant piece of crap on the beach
all I can say is you turn give me a break you didn't even let him on long enough to call you a
bag I don't care about that but this guy's worth the weight in the online this guy's a hundred
and a he's got four feet in the grave this guy Jesus Christ there's a baby's being put in dumpsters
missile parts taken up space dear field hello hello yes sir yeah 15 years ago in Montreal it was a guy
got a radio program a sports program called Ted Teason yes all of a sudden every time there was
a Canadian hockey game on in between periods some guy would call up and start giving an analysis
of the game you know that guy want Ron Roosh well let me tell you something three months later
after six years on the air Ted Teason gets fired and who takes his job Ron Roosh yeah I stole his
what does that have to do with I don't have no idea who that is here all of a sudden Ron Roosh
calling your program who's Ron Roosh which color is Ron Roosh Ron Roosh is the guy who gives the
uh hockey games who gives the hockey games what you analyze the hockey games he's the announcer is
me no he's not we don't have anybody here named Ron Roosh yeah okay whatever you say go back to
Montreal okay crazy old frog get back you should hook this guy up with the other one
with the old lunatic on the beach man a match made in heaven woo here's a mobile in Miami hello
hey Neil yes sir do me a favor do you forget all those guys those guys are a bunch of our
punches and schmuckets best of that guy from my knee beef Neil can you do me a favor can you give me
a little Larry King you here's our friend the ex- nun hello hi Dale yes man how are you okay I got one
minute uh they're very quickly let me tell you why I'm an ex- nun because if I had to teach one
more child here all Mario was gonna scream and that's the reason why I got out of the content
because I couldn't I really couldn't in conscience try and take young minds and put them into that
particular frame of mine so that's it okay okay have a good one bye bye there's our friend the ex- nun
she got out of it because she knew it was a bad habit that's right and she got paired with
shaving her headball too by the way so anyway that's gonna do we have one collar on here today that
made any sense in uh no first nod the n a we want bumper stickers we want pins we want signs we
want billboards do no harm man no very common sense do no harm that's it that's our new deal doesn't
cost you a dime to join don't have to rush the temple the church you don't have to pay any dues
any fees send any money to any faith healers what is it hey deal yes thank oh I got a story for you
okay I got a call yesterday from a reporter in Las Vegas so you'll never guess who's out there
buying up businesses what a family do you think it's moving into Las Vegas to godly family no
goes south not Wayne High Pinger oh yeah Wayne is buying up stuff in Vegas auto dealerships and waste
management oh my god well we'll have to look for a new place to go I guess
used to be a fun joint why not I'm gonna use them as a contact it comp yeah there you go yeah he'll
give you a comp remember the end of uh what was the hell was that movie where James
Kong was in the uh James Woods was in the uh what what's upon a time in America oh yeah
the garbage truck at the end yeah I'll wind up with some hacked up hooker and some
wind up like rough old did head that's right unbelievable so you'd like that one so when
you see a deal gonna be finalized when he making the deal I don't know they they call me and
ask me to check on it from this end you know that uh that they had heard out there that they
he'd been seen out there and and uh was seen in a company of Steve wind yeah and uh that he was
looking for me to by the way if he's acquiring auto dealerships out there yeah nothing's
different from what he's been doing but maybe the good news is that means he's getting out of here
wouldn't that be great not he doesn't move move the family out west right oh my god you find the
gave us a ray of hope he's gonna move pick up the whole damn thing move out there he's gonna
because we know we want to unload the panthers he's already got the marlin deal basically done
he gets rid of the panthers and then the uh dolphin to be after that no he keeps the dolphin but
from maybe he could leave the pantangeles behind you know just to look at Frankie pantangely there you
go he's small potatoes just like Wayne okay thanks for the good news Hank all right okay thanks by
the way for pulling the hell out of our pizza lot life then we did a great job we had a beautiful
turn out yeah okay thanks coming up next and then we got uh what we got the boaster at six and we
got the big ball game that I should be one whale of a pitching series San Diego Atlanta 745 the
meal Roger show now on five sixty wfumayam Miami Fort Lauderdale
