It might not be as bad as everyone said.
Sit down on the throne with the herald, which always works like magic.
And I, by taking it out of the plastic in the paper too,
and here on the front page on a mast head,
I have never seen anything so either amusing or grotesque or in my life
in blue no less above the herald it says,
Blessed Young Kipper from the most anti-Semitic newspaper in the history of the human race,
the Miami herald.
Oh God, I wish I still had those books from years ago that had all the stories about
holy hot shots from the herald, the Chapmans and all those other guys
used to belong to the Restrictor Clubs on the beach, no Jews allowed, no blacks,
no schwarzes allowed, no Spicks allowed, no anybody allowed except us real good old goyem.
And it says Blessed Young Kipper on top of the mast head of the herald today,
so we know that they're really making a turn for the horse.
Speaking of making a turn for the horse, by the way,
I got a lot of very important information to pass along about fasting,
something for you to consider between now and whenever the sun goes,
whenever your sun goes down at six or seven o'clock tonight,
you want to think about it long and very, very hard, okay?
Before you start embarking on a 24 hour fast,
I know that even some of the goyem because they want to show a little bit of sympathy,
a little bit of brotherhood, are thinking about fasting for you, I'm Kipper,
don't do it, we're not going to be fasting here, are we?
No, you bet your sweet ass we're not.
In fact, tomorrow we're going to be eating tracep,
just to make sure that we all burn in at Lake of Fire.
We're going to find cheeseburgers, how about some Mahatogs?
You ought to call up Jeff Cohen today, by the way,
give him plenty of time ahead start.
I thought we were getting married.
Tomorrow, I called them yesterday and told them today,
like I said, we'll get ahead start today.
We'll get Wayne Arnold today, that's right, waiting to take.
If you don't understand, it doesn't start till sundown.
Although the hero doesn't know that,
because the hero this morning is saying,
blessed you, I'm Kipper, I hate to break the news to all you goyem at the hero,
it don't start till sundown, okay?
So if you put it on tomorrow morning's paper,
it would have been a lot more appropriate,
but certainly no more believable coming from you,
goyem over there, okay?
Blessed you, I'm Kipper, my, uh,
Bracken, right.
So speaking of hysterical weather reports on television,
I've talked about this yesterday and as usual,
I have my thumb right on the, uh, pulse of, uh, the universe.
I got my thumb on it.
I'm watching CBS evening news last night,
which I do every night of my life when I'm in front of that TV,
because I love CBS evening news.
I mean, far right away, who would watch a guy with a speech defect on NBC,
first of all, nobody.
And Peter Jennings is a little bit too, um, stiff.
The whole ABC ambiance is so right wing,
whoever watched that.
So much in CBS evening news and we go to Dan Rather,
did you see it?
Oh my God.
Now, why don't you sit in there listening to all that crap music this morning?
You'd be peeing in your face, get rid of that garbage, will you?
Dan Rather is doing the hysterical,
I'm out in the storm routine.
Yes!
Yes, you thought that these guys on CNN were getting blown.
Now, Dan Rather is getting blown away on national TV.
What's the frequency, Dan?
He's out there, he's got a black body condom on.
He looked like an old lady with a babushka,
and I swear to God,
and the rain, it's pouring down.
He's up there somewhere in Moldeel or some guy in the place,
some God forsaken place in the deep south.
And Hurricane George is just blowing and whipping and, uh,
and here's Dan and the rain,
and you know, Dan is no spring chicken.
What is he? 108 this year?
Something like that?
And he's out there and he's like getting blown away,
and he's like sideways, and he's like, God, his arm hooked over the edge of a tree,
and he's like, uh, with a black body condom on.
And all you can see is his purse.
He's got just a little face stick out and he's covered with a black body condom from head to toe.
This is the new insanity of the TV people.
I'm telling you, man, the TV people are insane.
Maybe we can bring a little bit of respectability back to a TV on Wamy,
because this weekend Rob Kaplan's going to be showing his documentary on gay sugar daddies.
That's going to be coming up this weekend on Wamy,
so we can bring a little bit of respectability back.
And he really is dumb as he puts on.
Or is that just an act?
This guy comes in here yesterday,
made a big project that are finally getting me my check.
Thank you, Rob.
And he's asking me questions.
I mean, our all straight guys, really that dumb, that naive,
that slow, that, uh, out of touch with reality?
Huh?
How is this possible for anybody who's been alive as long as a Rob Kaplan to be that dumb?
Now I'm a sugar daddy. That's the new deal.
First I was having wild gay sex and Amsterdam hot now hot gay sex, wild and hot.
And now I'm a sugar daddy.
God only knows what's going to happen by midnight.
And the worst part of it is it's you I'm Kipper.
You guarantee I'm going straight to hell.
Oh, that's right.
Oh my God.
Rob Kaplan and the sugar daddy's.
You think he works with all those fags over there on Wemmy?
You think they might teach him something, you know what I mean?
No, not that.
Hell.
Happy Plan!
That's 43 to 560, go to the QMLK.
Get out of here already with that stuff.
Here's, uh, our friend. Hello.
Hello.
Happy Plan!
What happened?
Hey, Uncle Neil. Happy holiday to you, sir.
Oh, sure.
Oh, let me, you're not a happy holiday.
This is an unhappy holiday.
Because there's no food, right?
No, because it's a, it's not a happy holiday.
Let me ask you this, Neil.
I, the day of atonement approaches.
Uh-huh.
Can you not help but think that we in the Jewish religion need more
upstanding religious citizens like a vendor, Holyfield?
Oh, yeah.
You see what happened with that the other day?
About what?
About the Holyfield, you know, with the, uh, three kids in the last year with three different women?
I talked about that yesterday.
The audience is one day behind, yeah.
Oh, okay.
I'm, uh, what does that have to do with being Jewish?
No, I'm just saying.
I, I think, you know, I wish we had more wonderful citizens like that.
Mm-hmm.
Hey, Neil and Mark Tyson's Jewish.
That's true.
That's true.
What about Hector Villain the way of it?
You're going to Rocky Marciano, yeah.
Yeah.
Rocky Gratziano, he was Jewish.
Neil, did you see now in boxing also that Larry Holmes is going to fight George Foreman?
Two-fifty-year-old going out at him.
How pathetic is that?
Yeah, but at least the George's got his lean mean grilling machine.
That's true.
That'll help him trip down to the bathroom.
He's coming down for about three-fifty for that.
Exactly, maybe three-fifty-fifty-fifty.
Uh-huh.
That's a cruising weight.
One last thing, Neil, do you remember, uh, maybe about a couple of years ago,
you played, I don't know if you still have the, uh, like a montage of Rick Weaver sounds?
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
Do you still have that?
No.
No.
Well, we've got we've got, uh, we've got the, uh...
I'm a fan of getting the blue to blow the, uh...
who the white selection.
He's funny right out of his jock strap.
There you go.
Uh...
And we also got he is an on queer street right now, but that's it and you don't remember yet
He would go right up the crack that he used to say all the time. Yeah, long gone
All right, now we have a good day
And we're gonna stop Ricky's a crack problem and have a great life and happy whatever it is
Okay, we got one call on the board. It's got 17 question marks boy. I guess now it's good thing you got that Jewish music in there for your
I'm kipper I told you
Oh, we're gonna play this from now until two o'clock three hours and 15 minutes
We got Hank Goldberg at this sporting bruise at two. We got Jim Manwich coming up
six till seven forty five then we got baseball playoff game the Yankees and arrangers at the seven forty five that I say that
Here okay, like I said that's a medley of our call today, so it's been nice being with you
We can't even give these phone cards away. I'm not gonna give them away
I'm gonna put them away in a thing for another day for rainy day when people actually really want to talk to us
That's this is unbelievable
Well, you know, I came back from vacation yesterday
We had a pretty entertaining show yesterday
We had the fear number of calls from Monday especially and now that's it now we're out of business
five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the mobile one line any interest out there?
Anybody want to speak to me today?
No, anybody with anything to say no we're getting people calling about stuff
I talked about yesterday so far we had two of those anybody with something new no
Anything anybody wants to come into the giant's playoff game last night
And how come they had Bill Murray, you know, I got to say this Bill Murray everybody is supposed to think Bill Murray is very funny
Which Bill Murray was one of those guys who was once funny a very long time ago for about five minutes
but really gets on my nerves
And they had Bill Murray doing and why haven't they learned like they did with Kate Smith and Philadelphia's doing the
Star Spangled Banner why couldn't they have just taken everybody and their brother has got Harry doing the
National Anthem on tape even we got that for I mean take me out to the ballgame for Christ's
Why now know we have that it's that they got Bill Murray doing it. They're making a total fool and jackass out of himself
And really feel last night. You're not funny anymore Bill. I'm taking that right now sweetheart
Here's four-letter deal. Hello
Neo God. Yes, sir. Hey, uh, you know, I sing at temple Kola me
Uh, oh
Temple Kola me's I thought that was a showpan. I don't know. He was Jewish. No, no
But you know, I was raised Catholic, but I love it. I love singing at temple because it's like a like a club
You know, it's not like a religion. Yeah, they hardly ever talk about God or anything
They just talk about you know being nice and relationships and stuff like that
It's nice and what about all this beating yourself on the chest to show repentance and all this other bull credible
Yeah, well, that's a little yeah, I thought Tarzan did that. You know Tarzan was Jewish. Is he evidently?
You know
They don't a lot of them don't fast there's my fact like in between services the choir go to the back room
And they were getting weissmuller doesn't sound too Jewish to me sounds real choim and you know weissmuller
Yeah, I got sounds more like yeah one of those, but I don't know. He's not he's dead anyway. Who cares?
But I have a
Since I'm a singer I wrote a song for a yomp kippur if I may go ahead take all the time you want
It's gonna be a brutal day today. I told you about yomp kippur tonight. Don't even start till sundown tonight
But now we got nothing. Thank you. This Jewish holiday. I gotta eat a lot here
Like a fast night. You know I'm not Jewish. Okay. Wait turn down the radio please turn on that radio you jackass
Okay, here we go
All over the temple getting full
Is there putting on their schmottas and the kids are eating mottas and and the yomp kippur they'll fast until they're real
Jews are busting out all over
The hunger's getting so intense
That when the yomp kippur is finished all the people who speak it. It should be rating all the bridges other friends
All right
Jews just
Because they're
Oi, that's that. Oh, that was beautiful. Thank you very much and the checkers in a mail. How do you like that?
That was a tremendous rendering out there on yom kippur. Well, it's not yom kippur yet
We got a few hours to go. Okay, so don't be so damn uptight
Even the thanks for calling lady vanished disappeared off into I think they came in kidnapped her and dragged her off the show
She said I don't want to go already enough with it now you're going whether you want to or not you got to repent
5670560 pound 560 on the mobile one line
We got one lonely call on the board. This is going to be the worst day of my life
You know, I'm going to tell you something that wild sex that I was supposedly having
I think I must have let some behind there might still be a little bit left over back there
Here's a lady mobile in hollywood. Hello
Hello, yes, ma'am
How are you? I'm doing great. This town is in a total coma today
Well, that's because everybody's getting ready. I hope you have an easy fast getting ready
Proper thing to say what?
If you're supposed to tell someone to have an easy fast you don't you don't say that anybody unless they're from the Stone Age
And you well, that's not true. What do you mean that's not true? Of course, it's true. Why should you fast?
Listen, I think it's appalling that they're having a baseball game tonight. I think they don't play baseball in Christmas. Do they?
No, because there are no baseball games in December
If the word I check you don't play baseball in the snow. I don't think they play so they play on Easter Sunday
They play football on Easter Sunday. You bet
Well, that's the fit. They're ignorant. There are no football games on Easter Sunday in the middle of April
So like I said, of course not
Okay, well, I mean, I think it's horrible. They they're totally horrible once
That they don't pay attention. They're playing in New York tonight. There's three million Jews in New York
They'll be a pack in Yankee Stadium there. Do you think they're upset about that? Uh-huh. You bet they are
Well, they should be why?
Because it's totally ignorant to other religions in the world. Oh, no, no, wait you got it
You had part of that right all religions in the world are ignorant. That's what you meant to say
Do you realize is Christmas decorations out already? It's not even October
There's Christmas decorations out in September. Yes
Well, maybe that's part of the Head Start program. I don't know what that's all about
That's people ignorant to other people. That's what it is and I think it's terrible that they
I mean even the Little League game they even have them during this holiday. They pay no attention to the fact that they're having little league games on young kippur
Yes, they certainly are. Oh my god. They certainly are holy crap holy moly
As Sammy Sosa would say holy guacamole
Holy guacamole
How about having easy fast and back to you
Have an easy fast
Get the food in here. Okay. Get the train in here. Get the milk in the meat. Oh
My god, have an easy fast. Don't you understand lady? I'm not gonna be fasting. I don't know anybody is gonna be fasting
My mother's not gonna be fasting. My mother's not going to show. I don't know anybody who is going to show
I'm sitting there wearing a beanie. Don't cost me anything. Don't be sure. There you go
And we're getting a pre-launch today and we're gonna get more free food tomorrow just to show you a thing or two
You understand you're outnumbered sweetheart
The superstitious goyam outnumber the superstitious Jews that that's what it's all about
And I'm sure it's on purpose
Well, of course it's on purpose. That's the goddamn Pope
What do you think he's running around rural town?
Are these Catholics to make lots of babies for it's a numbers game. Don't you understand mr
It's a numbers game
The only thing Ted Turner ever said that made any sense one baby per family of course
He's got five kids and he said if he had to do it all over again. He might shoot for him something like that
It's the only thing that that idiot ever said that made any sense just like they do in China more than one child in the family
That's it
I remember when there used to be a little over there was like 1.3 billion people in the world now
There's five billion people in the world five billion and counting
And we had this exponential reproduction that's going on so that
By the time you wake up nests you up with yom kipper well, I 50 million but billion people in a world
Even the crazy chinks finally got it straightened out
They said holy moly Confucius say quit making so many goddamn babies and they did
And they said if you make too many babies there you go and make you an offer you can't refuse
Which I have no idea what the list is all about but to kill a couple of good minutes. No seriously
I mean it's it's a numbers game
All this uh cleaning oil its tradition its tradition it's it's it's silly old crap is what it is. It's a bunch of garbage
Haven't have a what did she say easy fast
Two open lines and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line and she's all upset because they're playing baseball on yom kipper
I hate to break the news. Yes, we are at sandy co-faxing pitching no more
He wouldn't pitch on yom kipper and they didn't make him pitch on yom kipper
Oh, don't tell me this is
All these new yorkers are coming down in for the bat matter all the people that come down here
Is because there's so much to do here. That's why we have a problem with the sports
Support down here because
They're sure to do here is compared to New York
You compared anywhere you you can take any man of any day and go voting
Fishy diving
I hate to bring the news here but most people from New York aren't voting diving
Skings snorkeling or surfing or any of the above
People who aren't doing any of those things
Right to bike whatever they're doing they can't do up a three months out of the year in New York
They can't they gotta come here
How to drive they come down here
I'm going right
I'm I promised that season ticket
Sure, let me tell you
It ain't the pluridians that are causing this sports
The right of not supporting the dolphin teams is all these other people that come down here
Not one to be where they come from okay great call a morning show tomorrow. Tell them that I'm not interested in here
About the dolphins and the jets okay. I'm not interested in hearing about sports teams. Did I say anything about sports teams? No, I did not
I said I'm nauseated by it. So now we got for the next I'm taking the next three or four months off till this football seasons over. I can't deal with this
Because I guess this whole radio station gets sucked into this thing now
It's the natives against the New Yorkers and everybody else which I'm not from New York and couldn't care less about New York
Everybody else is like left on the outside of this
They county wide open five six seven oh five sixty pop five sixty on a mobile one line
Mobile in Tamarack hello
I had a committee up here at the condominium a committee of what old parts
No, no, we're a committee about 10 people and we live them to you and
Committee for what what committee?
A committee for good radio a committee for good radio. Yeah, uh-huh
No, and we've been following you. Yeah, we've been following you and we've counted we've counted over 200
separate incidents of rudeness
That yeah, well count 201 okay like hanging up on some asshole like you there's 201
He's got a committee. He's counting the incidents of rudeness. Okay, Cox the hoist you old fart and go find a life and go check your neighbor's mail, okay
Do something constructive go rifle through your neighbor's mail
Two open lines indeed five six seven oh this place that man. I'm telling you am I ecstatic about coming back here. No wow
Holy moly
five six seven oh five I worked every year on you I'm kipper for right on how many years just like many other holidays
Because I'm not going to put on a phony act and somehow I've gotten by
But here it's like a whole new it's like somebody has built a brick god damn wall out there
Or maybe it's just time to get back on a plane sounds good to me
21 before 11 and five so Q
5 MTV presents nine inch nails unplugged
I want to
Damn it this thing's not on
How come this isn't working
Oh
Not you treat you knocked over my bonge
Nine inch nails unplugged only on m tv 1042 at 560 port Lauderdale
Going once
Going twice hello, yes
One good idea man you're on the air man
And
We're listening we're waiting. Where's the great a material. Let's go. Let's hear it
Okay, okay, we have an open-line to bro. What is this is this misfit week? Is that what this is?
Man oh man
Airby miscreant airby lunatic airby maniac and they're not they're not even amusing. They're not even making interesting guttable sound nothing
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
Here's crawl springs. Hello
Neil yes, sir all week you haven't talked about an important thing or at least I haven't heard it and I tried to listen to you
You haven't mentioned the fact that Larry King is gonna be a papa
Yeah, I figured you'd have something to say about that I've mischannised
You're astonished at what this is the new thing though. All these old parts jack le uh not jack lemon the Tony uh Tony
What's his name Randall right?
He's 120 years old. He's making babies. That's a hoony. Yeah, that's a scary thought
It is a scary thought of him reproducing it all. That's right
That's what if the kid's gonna come out with suspenders on
And this is not wife number seven. Yeah, he's really syncing them nails into him
He's syncing those nine in snails in him. Thanks for reminding me of the bad news. Sir, he's reproducing
Open line and broard 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Neil yes, sir. How are you? I'm uh suicidal at this point
Yeah, you better watch out. They got that committee out there. Yeah, the committee for good radio right now. They're following you
Uh-huh. They're stalking you. I think it's stalker to me
So let's talk about the panthers here real quick
I'm listening. They're stalking you. Yeah, you there? Yeah, I'm here, but you're turning your radio off
I'm listening. Say something. What is with your people? Are you gonna talk about today? I want to talk about you
Don't have to give me a four-play you tell me what you want to talk about talk about it. Say something
We talk hockey real quick say say something what I want to know what happened with this kid Paris that came out of Colorado
What do you mean what happened to him?
Was he supposed to be some kind of plastic? Is this another
Another one of the
Okay, we have an open-line and broard 5 6 7 0 5 60 there's hockey talking south Florida for you right there
There you go big game tomorrow night another one of those big
Exhibitionist games
Get with the program. Don't you understand this kid he wants to know about the kids in the organization
Call up BM over there at the uh the arena okay call him up at his office
BM will give you a song and a dance about the kids in the organization
He's got it on a cassette tape like a stuck record
Here's Miami. Hello
Leo yes, sir happy young kippa uh-huh
Uh, I'm leaving for us Vegas. I'm sticking a chicken on my head instead of my arm
Goodman pal. I think I'm gonna follow you. I'm gonna get on a plane to go to Vegas never good time
People hear a bunch of deadheads have the ex caliber. It's a good place to stay but out of good place to gamble and I have no idea
I never I've been in there okay, cuz I couldn't get a room with the mgm grand. Yeah, but
I'm gonna have a nice time there I guess it's a good location you walk right across the street to the tropical Canada MGM New York New York
You're in a good spot. Oh good. I want to see liberal rap chief museum too
Oh god, okay, have a great time. Okay, thanks. Neil five say hi to liberal. I should say hi to Lee
Highly we have an open line and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Mobile in Miami oh, yes, sir
Okay, thank you two open lines in date one and broder five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Hollywood hello
Hollywood no Hollywood that's what it says here Hollywood. That's what I have a nice holiday today anyway. Are you in Hollywood, sir?
Yes, sir, then why did you make those uh, what what did that mean what I said? Let's go to Hollywood. You said Hollywood
Are you in Hollywood? Yes, it's on a border of Hollywood. It's a member. Why don't really care where you are
We're not looking for you know, okay, anyway, enough for me you're talking about cigars years ago to cigars
The cigar industry was flat and nothing came with it now great. Okay. We have two open lines in date one and broder
Let's talk to 50,000 people today for 10 seconds each sounds good to me
That's what we'll do because then they can exhaust all their material in at 10 seconds or less
five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line good god almighty. Here's a mobile in poppin O hello
Hey, you suck you fat. Okay, Faggot. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir
Neil man, you're the best listening to your rank rave on these people
Is the best keep it up there. They were surrounded by four million assholes here sure
That's what we got we're in the middle of four million assholes. We got assholes from New York assholes from Cuba assholes from
wherever the hell are from from Haiti
We're just surrounded in the goddamn sea of assholes here
Oh, yeah, the jets and the dolphins and the dolphins and the jets and my is bigger than yours is it?
All great
We're really impressed like a bunch of two-year-old kids in a sandbox
Dave County wide open here. Let's get some goyam on the phone here and Dave
Let's get some Jews on the phone and date County today. I'm challenging you on young kipper
Call us in and tell us about that dead chicken on the head or is it a live chicken
Or is it laying an egg on your head? What the hell is the story come on? Let's hear about the rest of the bubble myses to embarrass ourselves
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
mobile in four-letter deal hello
Neil yes, sir
This is where all the rejected assholes come from every state from every country and maybe you should think about letting some of these old
People these chronics that you say posthia because they have material. Yeah, well they got that's here. Oh, yeah
Yeah, okay, right. They got material
We have an open line in day one of brown. He's got the us the committee for good radio over there in his condo
five six seven oh five sixty and five five sixty on the mobile one line
Yeah, that's what I'm going to do. I'm going to go back to a in fact what we'll do is we'll get a little teeny tiny chair
And we'll put a little teeny tiny mic on a teeny tiny state in here and I'll go back to doing guests again like I used to years ago
This this uh, whatever I do here. This is over finito. I declare it today history whatever we've been doing here and doing pretty well for last ten or twelve years
It's history dead
You know everything goes in cycles
Let's cycle it back and bring on we'll bring the nutritionist on here. We'll bring in Jane Don again
We'll bring on Henry Rothblatt's body and prompt him up at a chair doctor doctor. We'll do all that stuff again
We'll bring on enus de penis. Sure. I'm talking about bilingualism again
Because this is history
Here's a mobile and lake worth hello. Hey Neil. Good morning. Yes, sir. Happy you. I knew you
You too. Hey, I know you're not a big god. John's a vulture fan, but uh, I can't stand John for vault. He makes come nauseous
Maybe you haven't seen it or maybe the movie called I think it's called mad city
Have you had anyone's make coming on that I never heard about it never heard of it
Yeah
thumbs down George did Joe or Joe to some sounds
Well, I only caught the last half of it, but I thought you might be interested in how it pokes fun at the media
Dustin Hoffman Allen all in it
Uh, Allen Alda. Yeah
Yeah, no, and I think we're just along the same line. I mean
I want to see Allen Alda. He was on 60 times a day on whammy on mash
I don't need to see that stupid movie would John revolter
Yeah, okay, well
I was thinking about you when I was in it. I wouldn't watch it. I mean with all due respect
I would now watch the movie would John revolter for more than five seconds
Well, the impression I got was the movie poking fun at the media, you know, it was just how they're
You know in a feeding frenzy about the particular story and the news reporters wanting to go to leave the blood on his face after
Epic explosion how will height it all up or whatever
Like you might got a kick out of it. Okay, but no big deal. I am Brian Lewis major douchebag. Okay, thanks
We have an open line and broard five six seven oh five sixty pop five sixty on the mobile one line
What is that oh that is the other one
Here's bokeh. Hello. Hello. No. Yes. Happy young c'tore. Uh-huh
You can beat up on the radio if I wanted to call in and say hello
I'm not getting beat up. I'm just they're going through the same experience
I do every day of my working life in it as I'm coming in here begging for people to say something something and not even until
I was gonna say something intelligent something even worthwhile amusing interesting
combative anything
They cannot do it. They cannot do the verbal intercourse. They've run out of material this town is dried up
If it isn't the the jets in the dolphins in the dolphins in the jets and we hate you like poison if it isn't that they got nothing left
That's right. They're out of fricking material in this guy damn town
I have a bumper sticker on my car. It says we don't care how you do it
Abnorm and that's so true. Yeah, just get him on a bus and take a couple Haitians and get back up there if you don't like it here
All right, take care, buddy. See ya
Don't give me that thing about one Haitian under each arm. Oh, it is
We have an open line and broard five six seven. Well, maybe they're going to sow baseballs in New York
Maybe they're going to sell them a little bit tighter so some of the Yankees can hit sixty some home runs
Here's a four Myers with 42 question marks. Hello
Neil third. Yeah, you're a third. Okay. Thank you sir. Like you said four Myers. It's great. They were back on and four Myers for our today
They're not so let's call the other day yesterday
Talk again tomorrow pal. Keep you off the streets open line and date five six seven oh five sixty you
Third pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Mobile and cutlerage hello
Uh, Neil yes, sir. You got two questions one
Do you know anything about that new hotel supposed to be a high rollers in the Las Vegas? But the audio the Italian one
Hey, I've heard rumour that's like 200 bucks a night stay because it's strictly high rollers right
Dance it opens opens tomorrow. I do believe opens October one. I think
Okay, and the second question is I'm going in November. Did I bring a jacket over there? Here's like I want to
No, I'd go in my underwear. Of course bring a jacket. It's going to be colder in hell not like a north cold, but it'll be a chilly you bed
Oh, okay. I just wanted to know that we're talking to mountains man. Uh, it gets colder at night
really
Cold cold enough for a jacket have a good time and
Enjoy McDonald's or two and have some neat seven elevens with all the a lit up fog with the signs you love it
We have an open line in day one and browered five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello
Yeah, I know I wanted to tell something that you hear what you think about
The seno style gambling from what I can see around our city and West Palm Beach
Things are getting pretty much so ready for that
the tech
happen whenever I would think
Jet push for your government coming up we think
What
What do I think about gambling and jet bush is going to be the governor? What is that? No
Well, I thought it was jet bush is going to be governor. He's gonna legalize. No, he's not
Let me say it again jet bush is against gambling of all kinds
Well, I read a little piece from the paper how
Donald Trump is kind of
Are you listening to what I'm saying sir jet bush is opposed to gambling? Can you understand English? Do you hear me? Do you read my lips?
Okay, there will be no casino gambling in Florida
So uh they vest yourself of those concerns and have a wonderful life and to have a uh easy fast and easy
movement
Oh my god the stupidity if I if I had a dollar for every iq point that's missing from this area
I could buy the guy damn state then we'd have casino gambling then we'd have some stuff going on here
Instead of these deadheads. That's one of the main reasons that they don't want casino gambling
You might bring some living and breathing people down here instead of these retards and banana boat people that we got
Two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line ten fifty five on
WQ a m your friendly station for the 90s happy new year a blessed young kippur and easy movement
Hey, 11 o'clock at five sixty wq a m
Here's a mobile and pop it'll be chill oh
Um i'm glad to see you taking a stand and ill uh a stand on what?
Working on yam kippur i mean i think it's uh what do mean taking a stand i've been doing this uh as long as i've been working
Why should i take a why should i take off a religious holiday when i'm not religious?
Exactly, you know nothing worse than you know i'm Jewish
And uh nothing's worse than going to temple
Somebody's picking a prayer book in front of you in Hebrew yeah, and you're following along like you really know what you're reading right and of course you don't
And you know it's so you know i think i mean
Are we supposed to play along like this?
Of course you're supposed to be in automaton like the overwhelming majority of people of any religion
Just go and you go through the motion and but i'll be by loop but about my ruchat or na' yis kanal
Yis kanal and it doesn't mean a god damn thing to anybody but they're conditioned to doing it people are like puppets it's terrifying
It's scary as hell
Well, as i'm concerned it's just enough to believe in god and you know believe in god
Easily and all that good. Oh god. Yeah
But that's it. Thanks. Okay. Zagrishan
Whatever that means we have an open line and brower to and date on the worst day of my life
Today was right in the running you know maybe like the the word lower 10 the bottom 10 list of all time today is a hundred times worse
I said to myself tomorrow's young kipper but you're gonna go in there and the goi and they're plenty of goi and the jews were out in number in town
Just because it's a jewish holiday and the kids are out of school
That doesn't mean we're not gonna get a billion phone calls with people with all kinds of stuff to talk about here today
Like that guy oh one and by the way we have panther tickets
We could have given away today how many we have
Six here we had to give away and am i gonna give him away? No i wouldn't get this audience to sweat off that shows ass today
Because then we get a bunch of phony ass suckers on here all of a sudden calling. Oh you're so great
We love you can we have those tickets? Yeah
Like this is my first day on here and i'm not used to this bull crap
Said everyone so on the first day he was on he was giving away crap
He's no fool. He knows what it's all about
He sits in here and watches this crap every day and listens and talks to 90% of the people that don't get on a year or a bunch of mental misfits
Taking all the pro-sector the governor desperately needs to get through the last few months
Jewish journal endorses jab bush to these people have a god damn thing to say about it. No, they don't
Oh, they're all in shoulder day. They're all going baruchat al but a beep but a boop but a boop
They're all got a chicken on her head
That's right Rome is burning in like a nero. They got a god damn chicken on her head
Like that the john randallair
With the Minnesota Vikings that's right. They got a tv spot for fried chicken and the
Group the people for ethical treatment of animals petta is upset by a popular commercial of which the all pro defensive tackle
John Randall of the Vikings chases a chicken that's wearing the number four jersey of green Bay quarterback bread far
The group contends that studies indicate such behavior shows a consistent pattern of cruelty to animals among perpetuators of violence toward humans
They believe the commercial sends the wrong message to children. So instead of taking a chicken and then showing that
He's a eaten barbecue chicken on the grill after whatever he catches the chicken
He should be sticking it on some old Jewish guys head and doing a pubic service. There you go
That's where we stick our chicken on your head
Crazy people is what we're talking. Oh, he's offensive. We can't hear you can't say these things. No because it's true
That's why you're not supposed to say him because it's true
Always making fun of our religion your goddamn right. I am
Bet your life on it. Okay
Bunch of silly ass crap going on. We got the goddamn Iraqis are like five inches away from building nuclear bombs now
Nobody cares about that
They're worried about whether the president's penis is in the proper position today
And with their Monica and then her mother by the way now says oh well, she didn't know anyone about any of this
She told the bitch to give me that dress right away
But I guess she just assuming it might have been a chicken soup stain or something like that
Or maybe Monica had a chicken on her head and dribble down her a dress or something had a little accident
Didn't know anything about her affair with the president right phone a bitch
All these other things to worry about these people are running around with chickens on their heads
And you wonder why the world is in the shape that it's in today
Got that poor little puppy running around lost outside here that at least bad Joe is at least we find out who around here
It's got a little bit of rock monis a little bit of sympathy
George is in her olders all these packs of wild dog dogs
There's a lost puppy that the somebody was irresponsible with that's out there my heart goes out
But there are so many of those you're a day. You're a pro. I'm gonna report you to the pet of people
Okay, I talked about them last week the pet of people the pet of people eat a pita. That was my campaign
Yeah, how about the pita file people
Where are we going? Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. They need yes, sir
Couple of things
Did you see this thing last night about prostitution?
No, I did not oh well. They were talking about the bagus and they were talking about hamster dam
Yeah, and you just came back there? Mm-hmm. Did you buy chance to add on to that that district?
Well, what do me? Are we staying that district? I mean, it's not like it's a one block or something
They're blocks and blocks of the red light district. Well, they had that one spot that we had
They actually had these women in the window and stuff and I thought oh, it wasn't such a bad idea
What do you mean they actually have these women in the window like that's a bulletin to you? You weren't aware of this? No, not napkin dam
The only time I ever heard of hamster dam was we know when you talk about it
But I you know after Vietnam, I don't leave it back here
They have red light districts all over and most of the major cities of western Europe
I mean, it's not not set up the same way as it is in Amsterdam
But they have red light districts in almost every major city in western Europe
Well, the thing about this was that they talked about these girls
You know get checked all the time and welcome our HIV positive
And then they have this area that's further out in town
It's like all fence off and they have with the street walkers that work out there
And they have a little like little garages
They can pull them and do their business and they said that the majority of them are coming up with the diseases
Well, what do I tell you? Don't you think we should start legalizing this?
Sir, you're running me the guy that called from Palm Beach about are we going to get casino gambling?
Of course we should legalize prostitution 100 years ago in this country. It's never going to happen
I mean, we're in the stone age
Not because of morality because it's going to save somebody's life
Exactly because you put it inside and you get it off the streets and you clean it up
And you make sure that the people that we're doing it are safe
And that's how it operates
People walk by those windows every day, little kids walk by there, they walk by the sex shop
They don't pay any attention to it anymore
After you've seen it for the first 5,000 times it no longer has any titillating value
So to speak Japan is the biggest brothels they talk about
You know, they're paying a thousand to three thousand dollars US
I thought oh my god. Yeah, for as long as I got a hand I ain't going to pay that kind of money
Well, I got news for if you look like most of those japs you'd have to pay a lot to get laid too
Have a great day pal. I'll see you in the red light district. I'll see you on the route of gasoline
This guy is shocked that they have a red light. Oh a red light district in Amsterdam
I can't believe that oh my god. Have I ever seen that or not me? No, no way
Let's go up to a sweet water go to a singer island
Just get on a bus and like kind of check out the real world because I've been telling you for 20 some years now
This is definitely not it
If there's such a thing as a real world this place where we are now this is not
No, no, no, it's
It's 11 awaited 560 wq. We got Kimba Bo camper at six and we got the Yankees Narengers 745 tonight
You feel like I got fat Joe is out of control
I'm telling what I just witnesses and make me and I can fast I can have you I'm kippers for weeks now after watching that
1113 at 560 wq and don't forget
We'll be at the borders at the gallery of the Saturday from noon to two with our center one best of Neil 97 and 98 two volumes
They're great this year. I'm telling you right now bring a lot of cash
Noon to two the Saturday and also of course you can start the calling center one like any day now 95 four five six three
3600 nine five four five six three
3600 and get your best of meals for these last two years
20 bucks a pop
Because said or CD or both
Okay, where we going. Let's a try Miami. Hello
Hello
I'm doing great. How are you doing?
I'm up to bed great. I just wanted to try this uh, I like your radio station and uh, I think you show shortly
Uh-huh and
It's been a long time to talk to you on the other station last time yeah
And um, I think it's the better station you're on now. Oh, yeah, no question about that
Have a great day pal. Thank you so much. Okay, danger. Well, how does that happen? If you notice that's happened a lot yesterday and today
They county all three lines are open today. I think somebody's pochking around here and playing fast and loose again could be
5 6 7 0 5 60
Count 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line probably some farbiss and a goi and pochking around with our
Gov. air bell south
Here's hollywood. Hello
Yes, sir. Oh, sure
I'm one of my favorite cities too
Yeah, and you ever go down to Naples, Rome? I heard you went to Bologna. I don't know why you went to Bologna
What's in Bologna? I've been in Rome 60 times. Oh, you go to Naples such a San Francisco. We're Italy. No Naples is not the San Francisco
Naples is the Calcutta of Italy. There's nothing but shluppers there. Oh, it's a nice town. No, it is not one
One's the last time you were there
No Naples is nothing but rampant poverty and gypsies and beggars now ran Naples is in the dire straits
South of Rome. You don't want to go
One other thing you ever want to show ours on HBO? I think it's on Wednesday night. No, oh, it's a great series
Watch it sometimes. Okay, thank you. Okay, we have an open line in the Broward at all of day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
O'Hall is one
Naples, maybe that's where it's at
Sleppers gypsies, rampant
Oh
I get down and move it all around
Get down. I get down. Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello
Mail. Yes, sir. Good day, sir. Good day. If you read the article on the cover of the sub-tunnel about the
Channel 10 reporter that came out with
evidence about a murder case in 86. No
Um, apparently that it's intended on the case um
Told her that the
She's witnessed who admitted to uh being contracted
Light on the stand. This is on a front page of the Sun. Oh, this story on the top here about money and murder in the Grove
Exactly. Right
About Gail Brite our good old friend Gail not so bright
Yeah
So apparently she's known about it for five years and uh
Contest finally got the better over I got right
So I just more corruption in the police department. In fact, there's a real ugly picture of Gail on the upper right hand corner
The amount I missed that this morning
Well, if I would have seen that I had real success. Okay. Thank you so much sir
Okay, it's pretty boring. Okay. We have two open lines and date one and brown or five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line
Here's a bokeh
Uh, Nail. Yes, sir. Um, I'll put on the TV. You can play that duck form
Okay, okay, thank you. You're welcome
We have two open lines and date one and brown or five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Oh my god, I feel so good
I sure
Don't
Oh
I'm in the woods and I've been admitted and out.
My heart is like an hour for you.
QAM.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
David here in the control room.
You're having a bad day today.
David in the control room?
Yeah.
What are you calling for, David?
I have some material for you.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
I was wondering.
David is calling from like six feet away in the other room, yes?
Better than walking in there and getting braided by you.
Getting braided?
Yeah, getting braided.
Getting ragged on by you.
Yeah?
I'm listening.
Okay.
Where's the material, David?
It's coming.
I'll be.
No, no, no.
Okay.
Did you see the article about our station and the new time?
How do I know what I see that?
You don't read it any time?
Of course not.
Why not?
We're, we're, we're not going to get a new time unless somebody brings one up from there.
Okay. We're going to bring it in to you and I'll call back.
Well, what is it about?
It's about our state.
About all the shows that they already can't offer there and about how old you guys are paranoid
and terrified you're going to lose your jobs?
That too.
Is that what it's about?
Well, actually, what?
100 Rob Kaplan's meeting go yesterday.
We finally get any information on that?
No, I don't know.
We have some.
In other words, we got to wait till the Mar because it's you.
I'm kippur today.
And he's playing professional Jew.
And we're not going to find out till tomorrow what Rob Kaplan,
that all you guys are working on a job or not.
Bring me the new time, David.
Don't ever call here again.
We have an open line at day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on it.
We're getting calls from the whanning people in the other room.
I can throw a brick from here into there.
And I might just do it if you open the door.
That's unbelievable.
All of who's here?
Rob!
Oh my God. We made a star out of him again.
Long after that football career was over.
We made it, we made it into a superstar.
How's that the Atkins problem coming along?
He'll up, he's okay.
Yeah, thank you so much.
Bring me that new time.
They got something about whammy in there.
That's good.
Thank you very much.
What pages it on?
Well, take your time.
There's nobody hurry.
In fact, there you go.
I'll be in front of you.
I know that you are.
Hey David, give me some idea where this article might be.
It's only a four hour code.
That's what we're doing on my grid.
Oh, here you go.
TV from there.
Can you explain to me what that means by the way that they do what?
They do what they do on all those breaks on this channel on Channel 69 on Whammy.
TV from there.
What does that mean?
Does it mean, say, am I missing something?
Yes?
I don't know.
They're spoken as TV from here.
Maybe they're making fun of that.
What does that mean?
You know, like from here, as opposed to from New York or somewhere else.
TV from here?
From Lincoln Road on Miami Beach from over here?
From over here.
Or they had to evacuate during a hurricane.
They had to put on a weather channel with no audio because they were too embarrassed.
They were too gutless and spineless to stay over there and stay on here and do a public service for the public.
And they do a simulcash to the guy that weather channel.
That's like Channel 7 because they don't really have a network of fully 11 Fox, but they don't have a news affiliate.
So they put on headline news from CNN all the time for hours at a time.
That's what you call really great TV programming.
Okay, now, so what does it say?
It's the fall season, the time on television networks.
This is by Robert Andrew Powell in New Times.
WAMMY's program is local.
I'll write if you live in Los Angeles.
Here in Miami, we're blessed with our very own network.
WAMMY is the first of what,
local Barry Diller hopes will be a national chain of locally programmed stations.
Yadi, yadi, yadi, yadi, yadi, yadi.
Instead, WAMMY's roster is filling up with such fresh and creative areas, Charlie's Angels,
Beretta, and TJ Hookers.
That's right.
You left off the 80 oil here it comes.
As of last week, WAMMY officials were using their self-described Stidley R Lincoln Road Studios
to broadcast matches off it as four times a day.
If a station ever needed to make a splash in the fall, it's WAMMY.
So what are the new shows?
The Monkters and K-Pasta USA.
It says thanks to WAMMY.
My becable viewers can now spend Sunday night watching Stephen Bauer on two stations at the same time
because it's already on PBT.
So we get on Puberty Television and WAMMY.
It still looks pretty good to me.
And let's see.
So what is it going to go down through?
It's got the $6 million dollar man and Charlie's Angels and Mash and the Monkters politically incorrect.
And where I'm, and again, once again, I don't exist.
They've got every other show on this goddamn television station, Nature's Way, TJ Hooker.
Oh, I guess what they're going to say is these are the only shows that they got
of the ones that are like network shows.
Is that it either reruns or network shows?
Because they don't list the news or any of the other, no.
Local angle, although both shows that Aiding Game and Newlywood Game are taped in California,
people in Miami date all the time.
Many go on to Mary Kevin Bacon is married to a setter and son.
Oh, that's great.
So what, so David called me and told me about this, which is nothing but a shot at our,
at this channel and how they got a bunch of rehashed old crap on there,
just like Paxton does on Paxtonette and it's a bunch of,
and the only shows that get any numbers by the way are those old hashed over in the cartoons.
And that's it.
Well, thanks a lot, David.
That killed about four or five minutes.
Nice going, pal.
Here's a Hollywood. Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
Yes. How are you doing?
Okay.
Hey, I was just wondering if they're going to play the Red Sox game.
You know, I have it on the radio there.
No, we're not.
Uh, she was, so we have to listen to you all day.
No, you can go get a TV set.
It would be good if you want.
Yeah, but I don't have cable.
I can't afford it.
Well, if you're that bad, then stick with the radio.
It's free. It's right up your alley.
Okay, a cheap prick.
How do you like that?
He can't afford the cable.
So he's got to listen to me all day.
Now, I'll do a play by play like Hank was doing yesterday.
I'll do a play by play at a Red Sox in Indians.
Do a hell of a lot better job than those assholes out of yet.
Oh, my God.
Who the hell did they have doing that game yesterday?
That was unbelievable.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Miami's destined for mediocrity, Neil.
Destined for it?
Yeah.
I mean, we've arrived law that we were with their way ahead of schedule.
You know, I can't believe with the crap they're programming.
Anyway, I'm going to cut right to the chase.
Come right to it.
My agenda is I'd like two of those Panther tickets.
Okay, here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Neil guy.
Yes, sir.
How's the tough one to follow up?
Yeah, you're like that comedian, huh?
Like I'm good.
The guy evidently thinks I'm joking.
I have six Panther tickets where I'm not giving away.
Good for you.
Listen.
Audience treats me like crap.
I'm going to treat them like crap.
Hey, I'd say you've treated us all like crap.
The Department of Transportation is a word of warning for everybody
to attend West and South on the Palmetta right at the big corner.
Yeah.
Just rocks, huge rocks, freaking a one foot wide.
Everything comes to a screeching halt.
There's more garbage on the Palmetta than anything you've ever seen.
And some of it's not even driving cars.
Exactly right.
Right.
Listen, the Saturday.
Yeah.
Your appearance.
Yes.
Where is it going to be?
Galleria border.
The border is over there by the Galleria Mall in Fort Lauderdale.
And one on university?
No, no.
By the Galleria, it's over there on the East Way over East Sunrise over by the beach.
Oh, OK.
Noon to two.
I'm looking for it.
Noon to two.
OK.
See you there.
OK, we have an open line and we're a little slow today.
I understand it must be there.
Hurricane must be right under the store, taking all those canned goods back, taking all that plywood,
and all that sheet metal and going over there to try to be a brine or a cross.
Whatever else you're trying to get even with.
I understand.
Been a rough weekend for you.
Plus, so you've kept that off with putting a chicken on your head for your own kipper
and you put that all together I should.
I should be a little more lenient with these bastards.
OK, but I won't.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Yeah, I know what you live and I'm sending how it's turned over there.
No, great.
I can't wait.
OK, Tom, I'll make them a salami sandwich.
See, there we go again.
The New Yorkers with everything is Howard.
Everything is the Jets.
Everything is New York.
Like I said before, if everything in New York is so wonderful, what can you possibly be doing?
What can you possibly be doing here?
I'm here because I'm trapped here.
I'm a prisoner of my own success and it's God for second toilet for the last 23 years.
But why would somebody like this who's under the age of 100?
What would you be doing here besides hanging out with your blow up dollah Howard?
What else are you doing?
Puts.
God.
You name the part of the world and whatever the Dreck is from there, we got it here.
Whether it's the Caribbean, whether it's New York, whether it's the...
You name the part of the world and you take the worst Dreck that you could possibly imagine
and we got it all here.
You know what I'm talking about?
Oh, yeah, don't mention the condos, not on young Kipper.
They're worried about that committee for better radio.
It's 1126 at 560 WQM on the other toilet.
Yeah.
Oh, God, deal.
How to eat without shoes at X.
Dr. Ronald Anderson, Newport Beach, California, who's evidently a little too snooty
to be flying with the rest of us loves, who the first thing we do on a plane is take off our shoes.
The very first thing on a long distance trip, kick off those shoes, maybe in first class,
business class, magnifica, whatever it is, star class, star cross,
norcross, those wrong with that.
And you should be able to take off your shoes and your feet shouldn't stink.
Maybe they should have like, you know, when they check in and they put you through the metal detector,
maybe they should have a stink detector too.
Or seriously, if it turns out that any of your body parts are like over if the thing goes off.
Oh, sorry, you're off.
You're out.
Can't put you on a plane.
Nobody wants to fly eight, nine hours with you.
I'll guarantee you right now.
Oh, my feet.
Oh.
Oh, not too good.
Not too good.
Oh, geez.
Not too good at all, you know what?
What's got that word, socks, and these damn shoes I got on here, these shoes have had it.
I need some odor eaters.
Oh, and by the way, the good news, speaking of feet, here's the best news, which I had 10 months.
And I finally got rid of that damn, what the hell was that thing called in the bottom of my right heel?
Heelspur.
Well, that's the very simple pedestrian with the adopters have a word for it,
which sounds very official and very nasty.
And it was.
So thanks for those magnets in my shoes.
You quack doctor up there in a broward, you jackass, the magnets in my shoes.
And let me say at the first day I came on the year here, I warned you about magnets.
Anybody doctor tries to petal you magnets for anything, start running and call a cops, okay?
Until I'm no way Jose.
No.
No thanks.
Ten months have took me for that damn crap to go away.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hello.
One more time, yes.
Yeah, Neil.
What can we do for you sir?
Is this Neil?
No.
Two open lines in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 6, 3 on the 18-2 wireless line.
Paint your ballspot sir, here's Port Lauderdale, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey my friend would like to know where you can buy your CDs.
And boarders.
All right thanks.
Starting this weekend.
All right thanks.
Okay, give me a big kiss for us.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward to end date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18-2 wireless line.
No for us says no monica, monica, no money.
That's right.
I saw that piece on CNI.
I guess it was when I was on vacation.
They were talking about, well monica's people are talking to the Oprah people.
And she's going to be making her first appearance per people.
But what does that mean her people?
But it anyway, it fell apart because come to find out Oprah says she doesn't pay for interviews no matter what the payment is called.
And Lewinsky spokeswoman Judy Smith said she wouldn't comment on the aborted interview talks.
No cash and no BS.
So how do you like that?
Monica Lewinsky for fun and profit bringing down the president.
That's f***ing bit.
And now looking to make a good chunk outfit.
Two open lines in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18-T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Neil, Neil, I need a little help man.
I'm getting the Lewinsky date.
I'm getting the Lewinsky.
I'm taking it up the back from Tigger Master regarding the show for last week.
And I hate to call it a wine do you man?
Because I know how you like blast people out of there when they call the bitch.
But I need some advice.
I bought tickets for the show back in August.
The show is last Wednesday.
For what?
For a Pearl Jam up the Coral Sky.
Oh jeez.
I don't tease man.
I mean to put you in one of my only joys in life, okay?
Pearl Jam is one of your only joys in life.
Well, that ended Rique.
Yeah.
Okay.
So listen.
So Wednesday night, you know, there were two shows Tuesday and Wednesday.
Wednesday calls.
So listen, I have a pregnant wife.
I'm supposed to bring in a wheelchair.
So she doesn't have to stand for the concert.
And the doctors are telling us that, you know, listen, if they call the warning, you have to
get her to the hospital.
So my main concern is my child's welfare and everything.
So I'm calling them and telling them, you got to give me the word here.
Can I cancel?
What can I do?
No, I'm sorry.
The show's going on.
We don't know.
So I call Tigger Master out.
We finally get through to them today.
There's nothing we can do.
Call Coral Sky.
I haven't heard from them yet.
Call American Express.
They're like, look, chances are nothing.
I mean, is this really how it works?
I mean, is that how it works?
How much do you spend?
It's 65 bucks for two tickets.
Oh, come on.
65 bucks for crack.
Call up.
Give them rumors number.
Hillary anderson.
Dave County lines are wide open.
All three of them.
Maybe we're sitting here looking at that.
It's enough to bring tears to my eyes.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
How five 60 on the 18th wireless line?
We want some Jews calling in here today on Yom Kippur.
Okay, who aren't going to show who aren't putting the chicken on their head,
who aren't blowing their chauffeur or anybody else's?
That's what we want.
Let's cut this balloony.
Okay, let's cut to the chase here and cut the crap.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the 18th T-line.
And thank God I came to my senses and didn't give away no six pair of Panther tickets
for tomorrow night's game against the Huracunz at exhibitionist game.
Because I'm going to tell you with what this audience has done for me yesterday and today,
I wouldn't do this to Hitler what this audience has done.
Well, you know, you're so irreverent and you're saying,
that's right.
Can't handle the truth, can you?
Got that old fart there.
We got nothing but a bunch of cranky old fart in this town.
Oh, we're going to carry the Red Sox game.
Don't worry, I'll carry in some stupid playoff game that's on television here in the middle of the day.
Because you're too cheap to go on game.
You don't need cable.
Oh, that's right, it's on ESPN.
Like I said, you lose, pal.
You lose.
Here's a lady in Hollywood.
Hello.
Lady in Hollywood.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
I got a speak-next.
It sounds just like you.
Oh, is this Neil?
This sounds like me and sounds like you.
Oh, great.
Well, you made a comment about the drags that live here in Florida.
Yes.
And I was wondering how you get away with the language that you use on the radio.
I mean, it's not offensive to me.
But is that an attempt to come down to people's level here?
Or are you just trying to blend in with the rest of us?
Flops.
There you go.
That's it.
That's it?
Yeah.
Great.
I'm, have I succeeded?
You start my day in.
Okay, thank you.
I fight.
Okay.
We have an open line in Broward, 567.
Goddamn it.
God dang.
567-0560 and 05-560 on the AT&T wireless line.
22-till noon on QAM.
Oh, take a couple of deep breaths, baby.
Two a few calisthenics.
I'm going to tell you, if I ever get ahold of that Bob Eisenberg, this guy.
Hey, if it's fresh, you'll feel Leonidas Young was indicted on Monday of 14 federal accounts
of fraud, money, laundering, and racketeering former mayor of Richmond, Virginia.
Young, who is also the pastor at Port Baptist Church, the pastor, is accused of illegally using an elderly church member's credit card accounts
to buy gifts into rent hotel rooms for extramarital liaison, for screwing around.
The indictment also alleges the illegal use of city money involving pony consultant contracts
that benefited him and an age-old Harris.
Young was served as mayor from July 1994 through June 1996.
Of course, denied the allegation.
Of course.
We have an open line in Dave County.
We want to hear from some Jews who are eating today.
I want to hear from Onyom Kipper.
I can't be the only heathen Jew in the world that's eating a meal here on Yom Kipper.
It isn't going through this fasting crap.
I've got diabetes for crying out loud.
I've got the high blood sugar and low blood sugar.
My head is spinning right now.
I'm polishing over here.
And that business is about not even drinking any water.
I mean, I never even heard of that before.
The thing, I'm getting a good education here and it's even more embarrassing than I thought it was.
First, we got people running around with a chicken on their head.
And then we got the...
And let me ask you, who's going to get the sins out of the chicken?
They're animals anyway.
If you transfer your sins into the body of the chicken, who's going to get the sins out of the...
And how can you certainly can't slaughter that chicken and eat it?
Because then it can't be kosher if it's loaded with sins.
Huh?
Oh!
Good point.
Get him off here.
I got rid of the bird. Somebody had to take him.
Yeah, it's all needs to put him out of the...
We have an open line in power.
5, 6, 7.
And make sure it does a good first, okay?
Make sure it gets there.
Just bring it right out of the...
There you go.
Get it all out of there before you stick the chicken on your head.
Or you're going to have a messy Yom Kipper.
I'll tell you that right now.
I'm just a distraught of this very jackass and puts away back there in broadcast notes in a hero.
You have to search to find this.
Monday night football rating suffers because they had the playoff game that comes in the Giants.
I'm Monday night.
But nevertheless, to show you how dumb America is...
Tampa Bay Detroit, one of the worst matchups.
I mean a coma-inducing game.
6-3 at the half.
The only reason anybody might want to watch.
That is to watch very Sanders run rough shot over a really crappy, overrated Tampa team in the second half.
But a horrible game.
And still had an 11.1 national rating on ABC.
Topping the 6.1 rating on ESPN for the Cubs game.
Now we'll grant you ESPN's only on 72% of the US homes.
But nevertheless, should there have been any contests?
No.
These football people, man.
I mean, don't they understand when and what the product is. They're watching his crowd.
Maybe what I've been saying is true.
They go and they sit there and they watch it and they convince themselves.
Oh, this is really entertaining. I'm really enjoyed as yeah.
Uh-huh. Keep saying that.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Meal.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm Jewish.
I'm working.
And I'm going to dig into a big sandwich that has meat and cheese together.
Oh, yes!
Oh, oh, oh!
All right.
The next thing I want to ask you about is, even though I'm working, I want to help George get his money.
Is bonus?
Yeah, I want to do it.
Yeah.
I called you before. I work for a client named C. I want to do it.
Give me the name of whoever owes him the money.
Greg.
Greg Reed.
Greg Reed.
Right.
Give me a number.
What, uh, give me, give me the Scott number out there.
Hang on.
Give him number for, uh, the office number.
And Tom, to keep calling that number over and over again, leave messages, leave threatening messages on his answering machine, voicemails, et cetera.
Maybe this guy's got a point.
Maybe that's the only way we'll ever get George's bonus if he ever does get it, is, uh, with threats from collection people.
Because trying to embarrass the money, Ershar has a work that I'll tell you that.
Oh, it's a big joke.
I'll never forget as long as I live, but then he came down here and he said he had the huts, but to say,
you'll tell me, I'll make him a bet that you'll get the money.
Didn't say when.
He didn't say what year he'll bet me that George will get the money if he lives long enough.
Boy, does he have a lot of hits by, yeah, he sure does, even though he does, I don't know what it means.
I'll tell you one thing.
If you're going to work in radio, this is my advice to you.
Okay.
If you're going to work in radio, don't work for goyem.
That's my advice.
The good people I work for Dick Casper, Jewish, uh, Gary Lawrence, Jewish, uh, Bob Green.
He was not a bad guy for a little midget.
Jewish.
Uh, there you go.
You're right.
That's right.
You work for goyem like Tim Williams over there at I.N.Z.
Pete Bouldier.
Goyem.
Goyem maybe okay and certain other businesses, which I haven't figured out what they are yet.
They may be okay, but not in radio.
If you're going to get in this business, make sure you work for Yiddler.
Okay.
Here's a poppin' OB.
Chelo.
Yeah.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
Great.
What a show.
Man, I'll jump on that bandwagon with the phone rooms for Greg Reed.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I got a few telemarketing rooms that are good.
Good.
What do we have it?
Man, we can put it.
Well, you put it in some serious feed on.
Listen, um, in the, uh, investors business daily, I know it's not a normal paper, your
list is read.
Uh, Republican Congress, white ring Republican Congress rejects deals sense of the president.
Uh, what they're saying is because he committed, uh, he committed, uh, he committed a court.
Is a victim in a case, not not the Apollo Jones case.
He's not the victim.
She's not the victim.
It's the court.
I don't want to read the whole article.
Yeah.
By, by lying, okay, by the Apollo Jones.
But it meant some move point anyway.
They're going to pay her off and they're going to settle that in the next couple of weeks.
And that's going to go right.
What they're saying now, those right wing fascists are saying the court is actually the defendant
in this case, not her, not him.
The court is because he lied to the court.
Follow me.
That's bull crap.
I understand that, but I'm just telling you something.
A, uh, eight two.
Take a look at it.
Have a good day.
A two, a two, birthday.
Okay.
We have an open line in Broward five six seven oh five 60 in pound five 60 on the 18 and T wireless
line.
And what does that guy mean?
What's in Bologna?
That expert there that travel expert that's telling me how wonderful Naples is.
Maybe that guy was to Naples Florida once in his life.
Maybe he ran into the beesleys over there and said, Oh, this is a hell of a place.
Naples my ass Naples is for shleppers.
Pal, that's where all the, that's where all the gypsies they won't live in the room.
That's where they sent him to Naples.
That's how bad that is.
And I'm so sick and tired of these shows were supposed to be a sympathetic for gypsies.
Have you ever seen all those?
They're always showing us those shows.
I have no idea because if you've ever been in Europe and seen, especially in Rome,
they're a bit hassled by the gypsies.
They're here.
In fact, in Bologna, Bologna, they got it down right.
They got an in Toronto.
They got a big good Simmons over the car wash squeegee kids, you know,
which they squeegee your windshield, whether you want to or not.
And then they try to get a buck out here.
At least it's better in being on the streets and robbing people.
Okay, they're trying to make a couple of bucks.
So in Bologna, they've got the gypsy squeegee people because the gypsy is always,
it's always a mother and her little girls, never little boys, little girls,
because they have to reproduce a lot.
So the mother's running around doing one windshield and then her little daughter,
10 or 12 years old, she's got her squeegee and she's doing another windshield,
whether they like it or not.
Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Boy, if I got a quenella for you.
All right.
I'm a New Yorker from Manhattan.
I love Florida.
Well, I miss the Pistrami sandwiches and the Chinese food and the pizza pie.
Right.
I root for the dolphins.
Yes.
And I'm a Jewish guy who's not working today and to be playing golf,
except they don't play golf on Wednesdays.
Are you eating today?
Of course.
Oh, there you go.
Excellent.
Yeah.
The only thing I want to tell you though, Neil, is I used to take off on Jewish holidays,
even though I didn't celebrate them, only because other people couldn't point to other Jews
who wanted to take off and say, well, if he can work, why can't you?
Why can't you, yeah?
Yeah.
But other than that, I'm having a great time.
I'm joining with you in the program.
Okay. I'll see you on that lake of fire.
Okay.
Okay.
It's six minutes till noon at 5.60 WQM.
We got the hangtaken the day off.
And see, I understand that hangtakes off the Jewish holidays.
He's been doing that for years because hangt is a real Jew.
You know what I mean?
Uh-huh.
He really believes those, but well, I don't know if he believes it or not, but he participates
in that stuff.
He goes to Passover, Satan, he is an active Jew.
So at least he's not putting on a phony act, but DFO shocked the hell out of me because I know
Geldie.
Of course, you know, that little twerp Geldie didn't show up this morning, being professional Jew.
Who the hell is he kidding, huh?
Geldie doesn't show up because he's because his name is Goldstein.
Who is that little, you know, something I'm sure it improved the quality of the show.
Probably get those numbers back up there at no time.
Hey, Geldie, I heard the next several days are Jewish holidays, too, by the way.
About next six months.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
That's me.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
I'm new from down here, but I've Roland told me to watch.
You know the musician Roland, you know him in radio?
Roland?
Yeah, first, that's his last name.
Anyway, I just want to tell you, I'm a Jew.
I'm going to work.
I'm actually a Jew for Jesus.
My wife made me a cheese sandwich.
I'm going to have that today.
Jews for Jesus.
Yeah, I just want to say one thing, too.
I'm enjoying your show, you know, and the full Clinton thing.
I knew something was wrong at the White House.
When he gave up the saxophone for the harmonica, you know, then I knew something was wrong.
That was the problem.
That's what Bill Hummer said anyway.
It's interesting.
If you Roland asked me to listen to you, because I'm still learning the channels.
I'm getting like right-wing things that I didn't even dream of them in Hatton.
You know, like even if Hitler was what casting wouldn't be anything like that.
That's right, like Lardel.
I can't believe the things that I'm hearing.
I'm just trying to learn like maybe to stick with SM and the hell with everything.
Well, keep your passport handy, pal.
Yeah, I am.
Okay.
It's really nice down here, but it's sort of like going back in time.
But I like exactly my radio.
EQA-A.
The Fort Lauderdale.
I don't give a sh-
We more.
Saturday, noon two at the Aborters over by the Gallery in Fort Lauderdale on some nice.
Noon to two Saturday, we got two volumes.
They're great, they're sensational, bringing a lot of cash.
Wonder if any of our old friends are going to be there on Saturday.
Oh, yeah.
They'll be there.
We have an open line at date 56670560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
Here is a candle.
Hello.
Hi, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
This is Rob from Kendall.
That's what I tell you.
This is a Jew from New York that blows Miami to pure dolphin fans to the end.
I'm working.
I had a killer baked in a breakfast this morning.
And I thought it would be Christmas just so I can get more presents.
All right.
Nice going, Rob.
You have a good day.
Nine of you two.
Zygazone.
And heaven easy fast.
Oh, he's not fast.
And there you go.
Oh, she was.
I'm telling you, she just sent me right to the ball.
Heaven easy fast.
It sounded like Sandy peating and dragging.
Maybe that's who it was.
We have an open line.
We know nothing about that will, Sandy, and or nothing about it.
Open line at date 56670560, 0560 on a mobile one line.
Mobile and four-letter day.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
There's no Jews in Florida.
Yeah.
Okay, great.
Okay, we have an open line.
How long do you work on that, sir?
He's working on a real heart.
It's almost bleeding by now.
Let's go to the four-letter day.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you, ma?
Who was that dick?
Some dick.
Oh, my god.
Listen, happy circus.
Yeah.
I'm on the way back for West Palm for the meeting.
Happy circus, boy.
And there's no alter-cuckers going through a poker on 95, not one.
Oh, but it was a picnic coming to work this morning.
I never saw anything like it in my life.
It was like a real official holiday.
Everybody's going through Jewish today.
I just went through Jewish today.
It's not one car.
Yeah.
Anyway, I had a breakfast meeting, bacon, eggs, and a milkshake.
And I'm having my show for blowing by my wife later, I suppose.
Oh!
Okay.
All right.
Take a look.
What's he talking about?
Another one of those brits.
Is he a British Jew?
Oh, jeez.
We have an open line and date one and powered.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Bimini.
Hello.
Hey, Dio, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Listen, you know, a couple of things.
I'm transplanted from Jacksonville.
I spent 30 years in the restaurant business up there with a little anecdote.
All my Jewish customers, I am Jewish.
I used to come in for a lot of the Cantonese and tell me to leave the pork out.
So I guess that made it kosher for them.
Sure.
But more importantly, does anybody really know what the hell's going on with this monochole-winsky thing like I do?
I'm 62 years old.
And I think I still see the book's burning and maybe some of the flesh from the Second World War.
These sackedimonious assets on the religious right, do you know what their really game plan is?
Is to take over the country and cram their religious and religious beliefs down off road?
No.
Yeah.
Yeah, we better get off our arouses and do something about it.
What do you mean get off our arouses?
The American public's not going to get off their arouses?
Well, that's our problem then.
We can watch, we can watch and start burning our books again in 20 years and cram and Jesus down off road.
20 years I won't be here.
I'll be long out of here, man.
I got that passport.
I'm squeezing it.
Well, just real quick, my ex-partners in Tennessee, let me tell you what they've done there with already working.
She is the head of an English department in the small college in Tennessee.
Yeah.
Their school board kicked out a PhD in education to replace them with a minister of the religious right with a high school education.
That's what's going on in this country.
Thank you.
I love your show.
It's a welcome pleasure to make.
And Zagazone.
Thank you.
Okay.
We have an owner.
That's Bimini.
I just flew over Bimini on Sunday with flew right over there.
You'd look down to his Bimini and then there's the Bahamas and there's the...
Oh yeah.
And there's Florida and you say, oh no, that can't be here.
Oh, hey.
Open line, update 56670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
Why do you have...
That's unusual.
We have several question marks next to the lady.
That's very rare.
Lady in Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Yeah, this is Nancy from Miami.
How come George has all these question marks next to your end?
You should let me...
Oh, you're not a beard, are you?
Are you speaking to me?
Yes.
No.
Okay.
You know, this is the first time I hear your show.
Your was recommended to me by a friend.
And you know, I'm just listening to you and I'm thinking that I wonder why all the...
You simplify all the issues.
Everyone who calls you kind of seems to be a forecall and jerk off.
And that really goes into any of the issues.
You simplify one issue.
This isn't a show about issues.
Oh, yes, about entertainment.
For walking people.
Right.
Okay, then.
Great.
What issues are you concerned about?
Are we going to solve this?
You know, because you throw out a lot of issues like religion, politics, and then you just make quick comments.
Like what?
I mean, you complain about the Christian coalition who simplifies everything.
And you seem to do it the same way, but it's the opposite way.
Yeah, but I got four hours here every day.
I can't go if I...
It's going to be pilot.
Well, what about just opening the lines and hearing people?
What do you think I'm doing now?
What do you want to say?
You know, when people talk about things and they give you an opinion, you just hang up on them.
If it's not...
If it doesn't make any sense, it's not something with whether I agree or not.
If it makes sense, if you let them go in...
Well, go ahead.
Let's hear something.
Well, do you have any kids?
No, of course not.
No, you seem not to, because these are real important.
What is that, then?
What does that have to do with what you're talking about?
Well, not to do with it, because you just talk about things.
You kind of like you jump off...
See, but again, I think you...
And all you wanted to do was attack me.
You don't want to say anything.
You say, why don't I let people say something?
And I'm begging you to say something.
And you just want to...
Let me start by talking about the Jewish religion.
Yes.
Talk about the today's day.
Your religion is an important issue to people.
To some people.
Why is it that people need religion?
It seems to be a human need, right?
No, it's a crutch.
It's a crutch for weak people.
It is.
Okay, well, if that's...
I don't think it is.
And I think that you really could do people a big favor
if you allowed them to talk about it.
I did talk about what?
Say something.
I'm... This is the fifth time.
Say what?
You know, that's why these shows become so boring.
Yeah, okay. Well, listen.
Go find something exciting to do.
Okay, bitch.
You're right, man.
She needed 400 question marks.
God, Almighty, I'm begging her 400 times.
Say something.
A f***ing bit.
Yeah.
Dummy.
Yeah, my friend recommended to listen to you,
but, yeah, so you don't agree with what I'm saying.
So call and make an attack on me,
just like all the other good religious people
who are so much better than I am.
You're so much better than the rest of us,
heathenbacked because you're religious.
You're phony, bitch.
Ava Brown, Jr.
Get back on your banana boat, okay?
I think Chikita's missing you.
We have two open lines in date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And, you know, I'm sitting here, I'm begging people to call.
Say whatever you want, make a little bit of sense.
I don't care if you agree or disagree.
I don't want a bunch of ass suckers.
I knew this every goddamn day of my life.
And I got to beg her 600 times.
Say something.
Make some sense.
And all she does is want to do a personal attack,
which I don't think I'll ever recover from that.
Till payday.
Have an easy fast.
Okay, 1214 at 560 WQM.
She really picked things up that bitch.
Didn't she?
No.
Oh, she sure didn't.
We have an open line in Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pond 5, 60.
Unimobile one line.
If you don't like the show, if you want to,
if you're so much into religion, go out to show.
Go to church.
Go say a prayer, okay?
Go find Goddamn or your re-throw Franklin
and Dion Warwick can say a little prayer.
Get out of our push.
You can hear that crap anywhere in this goddamn country
that's overburdened with his hocus-pocus,
with this religious bull crap.
You can hear that anywhere.
This is the one show in America
where you hear a different point of view
that makes some goddamn sense where we tell the truth.
Oh, wow, you have people that don't like that.
Well, two goddamn bad.
She's calling here, giving me a seminar
and how to do the show and what I should say.
How about blowing it out your ass, honey?
How's that sound?
Sound good?
Go do it.
Thank you.
Here's Kendall.
Hello?
Uncle Nail.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
That person had no sense of humor whatsoever.
She's just a dumb bitch.
That's right.
Who doesn't have any idea what this is all about?
And she claims,
well, why don't I let people say something?
I'm asking her four times.
Say something. Say whatever you want.
She's still got nothing to say.
Anyway, you've been Mormon here.
Hard at work.
Yes, sir.
And I just wanted to let you know,
George did pretty well last week.
He was, you know...
I'm thinking of putting him back on here today.
Really?
Uh-oh.
About ten minutes after I finished my charter.
Yeah, he did, you know, seriously.
He was very pleasant to listen to and one more thing.
Have you been to the Caribbean, right?
Well, what do you mean the Caribbean?
Like where I've been to the Bahamas that was in?
Grand Cayman?
No.
Very, very nice.
What do you mean, very nice?
Very nice.
I went there.
I've been there now, uh...
Both of my vacation for the past few years
I've been to the Caribbean.
I don't want any fags there.
I'm not going to the Grand Cayman Islands.
Also, um...
What about an island off Haiti named Labidi?
What about it?
Very nice.
Very nice.
Very nice for what?
For vacationing, Neil?
Vacationing and doing what?
Just going there and having a good time.
Doing having a good time, doing what?
But stay away from Jamaica.
Having a good time doing what?
Just going there and water sports, Neil?
Water sports, okay.
Okay, well, it's in the bagpile.
I have a great day.
We brought him out of the closet.
This guy's into water sports.
Yeah, he's snorkeling on it.
I'll bring a yellow hat.
He's going down on it.
Yeah, he's got the goggles on.
We have two open lines in date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
It's like the people with the NFL.
Oh, I'm watching this game.
I'm having a great time.
Oh, there's no scoria.
It's like three and nothing.
But it's the third core.
But I'm having a great grade.
And you people, if you want to go to the Caribbean,
it's a free country that frees up the planes
and, you know, to go someplace else.
To a real place, have a good time.
But if that's your idea of a good time or power to you,
I have no idea why somebody who lives in Florida needs to go
to these Barbaric ancient Caribbean islands,
these backwater places to have a good time.
If that's what they're into.
If they're into snorkeling, if they're into water sports,
if they're in anything to do with the water,
what do you got to go to those places for?
Here's plantation.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Okay.
23 year old Jewish college student graduating
and communication, having a big, bad, bacon cheese sandwich.
Oh, hey!
Listen, I want to...
No, that Lake of Fire is going to be crowded, Mr.
Listen, I was doing a report on pornography for one of my classes.
And I came across something that you'd love to think you're cheap and cheap.
Yeah.
I was talking about a little bit on a porn.
Now, pornography is a peep show.
Yeah.
And just listen to this little snippet, okay?
Many booths also have what it refers to in the pornography industry is glory holds.
These are holds sought between a joining booth so that patrons can perform anonymous sexual acts on one another.
You're looking for glory holds.
And from different booths as they fantasize to the videos.
Yeah.
As Dr. Stephen Joseph's former health commissioner of New York noted,
when he had one of the establishment's rated and shut down,
the priors, the priors are essentially operating an eighth-breeding ground with profit being the driving force.
Oh, my God!
Right.
I thought that you would enjoy that.
Hey, man.
Listen, I have one other thing to ask you.
Yes, sir.
I noticed that you mentioned early in the show.
By Rudy Giuliani in New York, you know, he's personally going out in these posing up all the glory holds.
He's got his C-men.
Yeah, he's kind of a sick bastard.
Yeah.
But in any case, I noticed before you were talking about the Panther tickets.
I know you're not giving them away.
Right.
But, absolutely correct, sir.
Okay, well, I'm going to take a stab at anyway.
That's okay.
Well, we already got rid of him.
Oh, you already did.
Just to make sure.
Okay, well, we didn't know you were going to be calling.
Yeah, my girlfriend is turning 23 tomorrow and I'm planning on proposing.
Really?
I wanted a real nice place to do it.
And I figured, you know, the new arena would have been nice.
Well, how about that?
That's for her, anyway.
That'll do.
Anyway, you're great.
Like I said, I'm a poor college student.
It's listen to you whenever I get the chance.
Good luck.
All right.
You take care of us.
Yeah.
Okay, we have an open line in the Broward in two a day.
We were rolled along for an hour and 40 minutes after he does the Astros start here.
The phones were all filled up.
They were jamming.
And then that bitch called about 15 minutes ago and she brought them for seating.
Because she's a humorless bitch.
This business of people calling off any show, not just this show, and telling the host what he should be talking about and how to do the show.
Get your own guide, damn show, honey.
If you're such an expert, get your own show or become a consultant.
They can probably use you around here.
Because if it isn't the dolphins and the jets or the heat and the nicks.
That's basically what this radio station is degenerated into.
There's no sports talk.
It's a bunch of New Yorkers and a bunch of Floridian screaming back and forth at each other.
My team's better than yours is.
Yani, yani, yani.
Like a bunch of two-year-old kids like Geldy.
Maybe that's why Geldy fits in so good on his station.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neal.
How are you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, 27-year-old Julio.
I spent six years of my life in a Catholic school in South America.
Very strict Catholic school.
In response to that disgusting bitch, let me tell you something.
I need religion like a needle or bottom.
There's no fact in the church.
Religion is a basic human need.
A basic human need is to eat, to have sex, to drink.
To breathe the air would be a healthy air.
I mean, this is the problem with the whole world.
The real answer that most people are weak and been brainwashed.
And she didn't want to hear any of that.
Oh, by the way, farewell to God.
Great book.
Yes, sir.
Thanks.
Okay, I'll see you at the lake.
Okay.
Okay, down to two calls on the board.
You know what that means?
Wow.
Thanks, people.
It's a big deal.
We've got to send my...
They're working it out today, big time.
I'll tell you.
5'6'7, 0'5'60, 0'5'60, on the both of one line.
Come on, let's hear Jews for chicken on the head.
Okay, let's hear it.
I'll call you.
I'll have 100 questions next to him because it's a guaranteed can't miss.
North Miami with 200 question marks. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Deal. Yes.
Bad rule, baby. Uh-huh. Hey, man.
I got a little comment, man.
Yeah. That whole deal was a social.
What about that guy that was talking about the game in Ireland's?
The game in Ireland?
Paradise, huh?
That's what he said. Hey, man.
That, uh, social. He got ripped off now.
Yeah.
I think now this is just a theory. I'm listening.
I think that I don't know why.
I'm just gonna need a Latin and colored.
Yeah. Those other boys were practically like
sloped pitch in the ball to this, uh, McGuire guy.
Yeah. Yeah.
They were tossing him lollipops. Yeah.
It's an American game, man. They want an American guy to be up there.
Good point. Okay. I'll see you in the game in Ireland. You got it.
We have two open, two loud.
All the day lines are open.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 and pound five, 60 on a mobile one line.
He must have got that information from the guy.
Yeah. The punk yesterday that called it an information.
About how I suck.
Must be getting information from a Rob Kaplan who's writing a book.
Here's a four-letter deal. Hello?
Yeah. Neil.
Yes, sir.
A big max from a mere set. You should find it.
Yeah. Tell big max to blow it out or fat.
Okay. Big max.
Oh, man, I'm telling you.
I go away for a few days and it's like these people were in a feeding
friends. He like, oh, thank God he's going to be back.
So we can just let loose. Let it lose.
Two open lines and date one and powered five, six, seven, oh, five, 60,
pound five, 60 on a mobile one line.
You think my aunt who lives in that building in Lemiro over there in
Hellenay with all her money would take care of Big Max. Okay.
Who's been harassing and hassling this show and my life for last how many years now?
You know, think since my aunt's got so much spare time on her hand,
she could at least take the effort to do something about Big Max over there.
La Merin and Hellenay, this woman who needs serious assistance.
You never saw them when they showed up that one day did you?
I remember they showed up alleging that I told them to show up for
t-shirts and freebies, not kinds of crap.
Life to troglodytes.
Socks with sandals.
And they're running a high flutin condo over there in the house.
Hellenay on the list. Unbelievable.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Neal, how are you?
Okay, sir.
I'm pretty good. Listen, I was the other day I was talking to my girl.
She's all religion and whatnot.
But she told me why she's just giving a chance.
Give it a chance. I'm already turned off.
She's over religion, Jesus Christ.
Give one a chance.
She's a religion. She tells me give it a chance.
Give it a chance.
Because I grew up in the church at about the age of nine.
I thought I realized this was a butcher.
I hope this focused mumbo jumbo craft.
So I picked up the buyer while I didn't get a new testament.
I mean, I always tell her I'm reading a little on the bit.
And I saw it detailing how dirty you are when you take a crap.
Yeah.
And I'm thinking I'll read this to her like a five year old poverty road.
These are the same things I used to think when I was five years old.
Right.
How dirty you are and what you can't touch if you take a crap.
And then I started talking about when a guy has demons.
What he's supposed to do when he's demons and what's up to get all this is such nonsense.
Yeah.
There's even a line in there about Monica's dress, which I thought was kind of amusing.
And I've told her this and she goes, oh, you can't understand because you have a devil's mind or a demon.
Don't I write?
I'm bored like that.
I'll first grab you.
It was just a bit of a lesson.
No religious for me.
When I'm asking people to go to a religious place, try to give me the little book.
I say nothing for me.
Thank you.
No Jesus for me.
All right.
It's that bitch by the way, too.
Okay.
Get rid of her.
Two open lines and date one and brown.
It's five six seven or five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
1225, a QA if you're looking for a.
Yeah.
Get push.
The mouth.
Well, he's a telehazzy nasty.
We've got the money from his daddy.
And if I said my little bratty.
Whoa, with an agenda that's grabbed me.
Well, he's a telehazzy nasty.
No, but they're silly.
Now, what else is going on with him?
I didn't even just move right in.
Sing hard.
Sing hard.
Sing hard.
Sing hard.
He has a golden spoon.
He was born with up his ass.
So look out on you, Jews.
Get ready for the gas.
He's a telehazzy nasty.
Oh, he'll give our civil rights a whammy.
I see the telehazzy nasty.
Love of FLA.
Well, he's a very wealthy dude with very fast his views.
Who never paid his dues by next year will all be screwed.
Sing hard.
Sing hard.
Sing hard.
Sing hard.
Any smart could win that race against buddy McKay.
Why do you think they call it guber?
Victoria, anyway, he's a telehazzy nasty.
Oh, he'll make the KKK happy.
Oh, he's a telehazzy nasty.
Love of FLA.
Come on, let's do stuff.
Come on, made off.
Yeah, the Jewish journal endorses Jeb Bush for governor.
Beautiful.
Nice going.
Nice going, maniacs.
It's a 1231 at 560 WQM.
We have all our deadlines.
Our Cuban lines are open 5 6 7 0 5 60.
What are you laughing about?
Because it's true.
Because it's true, but they don't call you know the only Cubans we get like that bitch that
called before.
She's a classic example or the little punky kids that all sound the same that are all playing
grab ass with each other.
That's it.
I think it's just three of them, by the way, three little faggets and high notes.
No, but that's not the point.
The point is that I'm talking about not like recently or generally, but I'm talking over
the years.
All these Cubans who allegedly listen to this program who have nothing to say about
anything who just hit back their passively with their finger in each other's outcomes.
And that's it.
Trying to finger out their foreskin problems.
Dave County were waiting on you.
All you Julio's out there.
Let's go.
Somebody over the age of five.
Somebody besides some hostile, spick woman like that bitch that called a few minutes
ago.
Give me a lecture.
Give me a solid goddamn lecture on life.
Man, honey, if you're what religions all about El Paso, five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hollywood.
Hey, yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
Hey, all these jet fans, you know, they keep talking about.
Okay, let's go to a mobile in Boca.
Hello.
Mobile in Boca.
Hey, Neil.
You there?
I'm here.
How you doing?
Okay.
A Jew in Boca.
I hear it.
A Jew in Boca.
Great.
Listen to me.
How are you, my dear?
I'm listening.
We're listening.
Dogey, my mouth and it's the guard joke.
Yeah.
And you get a new phone.
Okay.
By the way, speaking of Stogies, don't we have a couple who they just, just, just, I'm not
talking about San Jose.
I'm talking about, so in other words, we're running out of those two.
Yeah.
I'm talking about the great cigars from Nick's that we even made up two jingles.
Two jingles for our friends from Nick.
When Monica Lewis, she was a great big step.
She goes down and gets her ethics.
And as John penis, he must be taking all the goods home or something because we're not
getting any guy damn cigars from our friends down there.
Nick, there's, I just had my lunch, which is consisted of a nice cup of delicious clam
chowder from shells since shells is catering for everybody to build.
And I don't want to go overboard.
I don't want to spend eternity on a lake of fire.
Just maybe a few months.
So I had me a nice cup of clam chowder, which is out of this world, by the way.
Is that okay on your own, Kipper?
Sure.
A little bit of shellfish in here, a few clams.
I'm sure they're pretty clean.
We washed them off first.
Uh-huh.
But then a nice Stogi would be so perfect right now and where the cupboard is burrigant.
Here on the a savior, I'm Mr. Nick.
I'm like almost part of that family down here and we can't get just one real nice Stogi
would be good right now.
And I'm not talking about the, not that I don't like those, but I got spoiled on the
good stuff.
Just like when you go to Amsterdam, he gets spoiled on a good stuff.
With that wilder.
Here's a lady in Hollywood.
Hi, Neil.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am, great.
Hey, I'm a Jew.
I had breakfast today in Denys.
Oh, I had bacon and sausage.
Oh, you really went the exercise for the Denys.
I'll be right next to the goyms for there.
All right.
All right, so I give them.
And back to you.
I buy.
You have an easy meal or two or three.
Instead of saying, have an easy fast, have an easy meal or two or three, okay?
What could it hold?
These old crazy people nailing up those mazzozons on the door frames and they're putting
the chicken on the head.
We never had one phone call about that.
How come, how come none of you want to respond to that?
How come some of you old Yiddahak out there don't want to explain to us what that is about
putting, how come your friend David?
Of course, he can't make a phone call at jumpkipper.
He'll burn in hell.
I'm serious.
He is the epitome of the horrible stereotype why there are anti-Semites in the world.
Those crazy Orthodox Jews, man.
What he doesn't do in public.
I don't care what he does.
Just knowing that he does that stuff is enough to gross me out.
Rapin' those leather bands around his arm and flagulating himself and turning black and blue.
And Jesus Christ almighty.
We're talking about people who are certifiable who need to be put into a rubber room somewhere
because they represent a danger to everybody else in themselves as well.
And they walk around doing these crazy stone age things, all the name of religion and the name of...
Damn God!
Leave me out of it, please.
Boy, that day he came in here.
I mean, I thought I was, see, I approached these things with a sense of humor.
But he was dead serious.
He comes in, he brings me to Bible, the prayer book, the tallest, the Yarmulk at all.
And then he starts trying to time my thing up.
It was worse than Rob Kaplan did the other day when he came here trying to time me up.
At least he just used some regular rope.
And they left it behind Joe started smoking it, which I thought was kind of interesting.
Yeah, that wasn't bad.
Better than what we got to smoke here, I'll take it at Joe.
Here's a mobile in the gables, hello.
Mobile in?
Yes, sir.
How you doing, buddy? I'm cute when I'm calling in for coke, hey.
All right!
Here's a good thing.
You know something?
Yes, sir.
I had a couple weeks ago you were looking for coke, man.
Yeah?
Well, I work for you, but I don't know what's supposed to stay down there or not.
But I was about to take a course so you could see it.
I got a convertible hardtop 99 brand new.
Yeah.
And just for me, you can get a lot of glasses, man.
Okay, bring it on down, like we story.
Okay, we have an open line.
It's not even the first of October like the new Corvettes are out yet.
No, he's probably the same guy that's looking for fish food in public with it.
A lady with a silver hair.
Open line and down here, this is the most question marks we ever had on a phone line.
Here is what is it?
It's a Miami call with 6,000 question marks next to it.
Miami, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir?
I'm 14 and I'm a black head.
You're a black head?
Yeah.
And I'm trying to close Biori strips to works like magic.
Okay.
Yeah?
I'm starting to think religion is a joke because my mom, she's a pretty naive woman.
Yeah.
Am I all that,
he cheated on her with a few women?
With several, yeah.
Yeah.
20 or 30?
Maybe.
And I have two steps to this.
One is eight years old and one is two years old.
And I just found out
for my family, my other family who knew for
this beginning.
And she's thinking God would change him.
Right.
There you go.
And God and this and like the devil made him do it.
Yeah.
Right.
And he's still crying in church.
I'm embarrassed whenever I go to church.
He's like, in tears.
And is this
that mean while dad is seeing old God that's good.
Okay, pal.
Congratulations, sir.
There's a young man who wised up.
He knows it's a bunch of crap.
Two open lines in Dade County, 5667 0560,
pound 560 in the mobile one line.
We're looking for old Jews with chickens on their head in Dade County.
Do they?
Yeah, come on.
If you got a chicken on your head, call us right now.
In fact, maybe we can hear the chair.
You're flicking the chicken at the same time.
Make it a two for one deal.
5667 0560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
We want all the crazy religious people call us today like that bitch
that called before that crazy Cuban bitch.
That was how I'm trying to give me lessons on life,
lessons on how to do the show, lessons on religion,
lessons on what people need.
Father, you're helping all the boys.
I'm a Catholic.
No 21 to 1 at 560 WQM if you want to see.
Q. A. M. Greg H.
That's good.
So where's Volca Brian?
My seven seeing him at all.
Is he trying to get that all that shoe polish out of his hair?
He's in New York.
Or he's in New York.
Apparently he couldn't buy that black.
I'm down here.
So he went up there looking.
Oh my god.
Rumor has it that the little Volca Brian
does all these great comedy bits for us.
Then he's starting to use that Ron Popella hair spray.
That spray on here.
Woo!
Man, I should put you up real good.
Now he's not in New York.
He's just hiding.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
How the hell are you?
Great.
Good.
I'm the Pudge that wrote you that said you had a tape about loops.
What kind of chronic from loops?
Yeah, and we're going to tape about I'm a red net.
Right.
What'd you think of that?
Not bad.
Not bad.
That's good.
I ain't got much to say.
Okay.
Long time listener, first time call.
I'll see you in loops.
All right.
Thank you.
Bye.
And have a safe, easy, fast.
We have an open-hearted date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pope, I'll tell you what.
We don't get a lot of women callers on this show.
But boy, when we get them, do we get them, huh?
Do we get them?
Uh-huh.
Wow.
They are always really something.
Just like yesterday, we had that nice lady that called in.
In the middle of that horrendous,
whatever was going on here as usual.
It made me feel almost like a redeemed human being,
even though I was beginning vilified and crucified
by these Orthodox Jews out there.
They were hawk at a china.
They were chicken on the head.
And there was a zuzah on the door.
And by the beep, but a bup and he is Gaddafi is Gaddafi.
And all his other, all his mumbo jumbo.
That's the problem with the world, baby.
Too much mumbo jumbo.
He didn't even work out too good over there in Africa
that mumbo jumbo, remember that?
He was over there doing business with Pat Robertson.
Here's for Lauderdale, ho.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
All right.
I just calling to say that it's amazing how the right wing
closed the press and the radio stations.
This guy bush should be in jail.
Everything he's ever had is hand in.
Yeah.
And you don't hear a word about that?
How can his Jewish journal be endorsing
Bush for a governor?
What the hell is that all about?
And the worst part of it,
two of his three slimy deals,
he was stealing money from our people,
the worst of all of his creditors.
You know, at least pick on somebody that's 30 or 40
and should know better.
Yeah.
He's involved in that savings and loans,
scandal, Daddy pardoned him in his brother.
Yet if he was involved in a federal funding thing
with sewing order punts to Nigeria,
the Pizpartner say he stole the money
and never got back to the government.
And just recently, if you read on like page 21
and the son sent a latest story about
he was put in charge of monitoring investment funds
for this retirement community
and the money was stolen and disappeared.
I think Jim Bayley still demanded that he get his
salary for it.
And now they're going to put him in charge of the state.
How do you like that?
Because the idiots are going to sit
high and not go out and vote and make
but the 35% of the neo-Nazi's that support him
they'll make sure they get their butts down.
Okay, see you.
I'll see you at the passport office.
Okay.
We have an open line in Broward,
567-0560,
pound 563 on a mobile one line.
Jewish journal for Bush,
I'm going to tell you that just,
that just did it for me.
Open up all new avenues for you.
Here's sunrise. Hello.
Hi, I'm Fadil. How are you?
I'm doing okay.
Terrific, Paula.
Great.
Today's topic really does raise an eyebrow.
I'm an American Jewish
commission salesman at work.
Each and every family stands with me.
Oh my God.
Yeah, so I'm really going to help.
Yeah.
And part of this young kipper thing
that has made so difficult for
guy, I guess guys in my age or whatever it's the
we're tired of the guilt.
We're tired of going and being told to its own
when I was into a teenager in shul,
I didn't understand it.
They kept saying a tone, a tone,
I kept saying for what? For what?
Yeah.
And they kept talking that we had to be able to
confess our sins, to feel better,
to get in the book of life.
I kept saying I don't understand it.
I'm missing this whole thing.
And the older folks or Bob and her heads up and down saying,
yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's where Monica learned it.
Well, there you go.
So, and she has to find out she's Jewish,
then they were in it.
Right.
So on top of that one, but I wanted to
refill a very quick story last night.
I got into a verbal discussion with two gentlemen
who practice their Jesus belief quite distinctly.
And I imagined things that you would say to guys
in some of the things they were talking about,
Bible passages and quoting facts and fixions.
Like one of these, the guy would tell me
that Abraham circumcised himself at age 100
and how many different horrific
Bible stories were going on.
Their answer to me was,
what are you going to do when rapture occurs?
I said, yeah, rapture.
That when Jesus calls his believers,
the search was going to just...
That just sounds like a real gliaxion thing to me.
Yeah, well, they're going to disappear from the face of the earth.
Yeah.
They said to me, what are you going to do?
For all I could imagine at that point
if you turn to the guy's thing and to him,
how do you know I'm not going with you?
Right.
Well, the answer...
Don't they understand the Hellbop comment is already left?
Well, the end of the story was that I disagreed with them
vehemently enough that believe it or not,
they pulled me on must be the devil.
Yeah, the Elantichlisto.
Yeah, because...
Well, I want you to be a cabrera one or the other.
I'm arguing against Christ.
Yeah.
And that's the part that...
Quit making so much censor.
This is what gets them very unearthed when you start making a lot of sense.
Yeah, and I'm talking to them about saying to them,
how are you going...
How do you explain dinosaurs?
How do you explain carbon dating?
How do you explain fossils?
Definitely a liberal commie-pinko plot.
Oh, yeah.
It's all stuff that was made up.
It was all part of it.
And this one guy says to me that they've recently analyzed genetic...
in women to find out that there's a single common genetic thread
to every woman that proves that they all had the same mother.
I said, maybe it just proves that there are human beings.
They all had the same mother.
They all had the same mother, so they're all from...
So they're all sisters?
So, why do you die?
There, it sounds like incest to me.
Well, I say you what?
I'm out of material.
I'm sorry you don't have any hockey tickets,
because my kid would dearly love them.
I'm so sorry.
But...
No idea.
It's been an interesting program today,
because this caused...
here I am 46 years old,
and I'm still feeling guilt for going to work on your paper.
Well, I'm going to tell you something.
If you'd stick a chicken on your head, it's not too late.
Do it before sundown.
Well, I'm going to take my ham and cheese sandwich,
and I'll wave it over my head two or three times,
and I'll do a monish time off for a year.
Just don't defrost the chicken first.
Have a rate day, pal.
Bye-bye.
And have an easy meal or two, or three.
An easy movement.
We have an open line at Broward,
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
prompt 5, 60,
on the mobile one line.
Yep, that's right.
Blue hands.
We ought to play that.
Blue hands.
We have to play that one time.
Wave to me.
Nothing much.
We're just...
My foot long and outer space would hail.
My TV.
Blue hands.
Under blue sheets.
And they got my...
On their feet.
Heart-filled it.
I saw the house smelling so nice.
Now I'll have the lower, my asking price.
Nothing but containers lying on beds.
All of them weird.
All of them dead.
Yes, blue hands.
Oh, aye.
Waving by light.
Go into Syria.
Syria, we die.
Yes.
Just do it.
It's interesting speaking of heartfelt,
they had a very,
uh, Vegas or somewhere out there,
Salt Lake City,
some grotesque place on the amid west,
and evidently he was on a year
encouraging all these people about the
claiming that they had pictures of the
Hillbop,
comment and these other, uh,
there was a spaceship
connected with it in Yachty-Yachty.
Evidently, this guy just lets people go on
he has this overnight show and let's
him go on a year and all these
irresponsible guests and say anything.
Anything and doesn't that he's,
well, I don't try to interfere with what
my guest or caller say.
So in other words, he'll put any
crap on a year under the sun,
whatsoever and forget about the
responsibility like Larry King.
Exactly.
Here's a lady north Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
Neil, I just wanted to tell you
if a few things to say.
Yes.
I've been listening to you since
you were on at night with Bill Calder.
Many years I've been through every
health crisis you've had,
every station change, every diet.
Number two, I think George did a
great job.
It was very nice listening to him.
He's I was quite impressed with his
knowledge.
Mm-hmm.
Number three, I don't know if you saw
the episode, I believe it was
date line on Sunday about
Madeline Murray.
Oh, here.
No.
The disappearance of her, her
daughter and her younger son.
Um, they've just disappeared.
They have no idea where they are.
The older son has now found God.
Yeah, I know that.
Um, but they were very, um,
nonchalant of the police about
finding out what happened because
as they chuckled, they said,
well, we're just looking for a white
here at old lady atheist.
Yeah.
But there's no indication
where they are at all.
How do you like that?
They're up there with the
hellbob comment.
I don't know.
They left all their valuables
and personal stuff in the house.
Nothing was missing.
And they just all disappeared.
I know she disappeared.
I know the whole family disappeared.
Yes, they did.
The three of them.
And there was also a male friend of
theirs.
We had some involvement.
Somehow with money.
And he's also disappeared.
Uh-huh.
Don't be trusted.
There you go.
Nice going, Madeline.
If it's good enough for the religious
factors, why can't the atheist
rip some off?
Right.
Listen to me.
What do we got you all day?
We got listen, you all day?
That's right.
Uh-huh.
And then manage all day.
That's right in Bo camper.
Uh-huh.
And then we got baseball for
tonight, pal.
If you're too cheap to have the
cable, we got Texas and the
Rangers.
Oh, these people down here.
I can't afford the cable.
So what do you want us to do?
You want us to come to your house with a
party.
He said and entertain you.
Is that what it is?
Is that what you like, sir?
Uh-huh.
God.
Old decaying, decrepit, miserable
people who have destroyed this
entire state who've turned it into
an outdoor funeral parlor.
I said, 22 and a half years ago
when I came to this town the first
week and I'll say it again.
And outdoor effing funeral parlor.
Got it.
Got it.
Where even the young people can't
have a good time because the old
people want to make sure they can't.
Got it.
Uh-huh.
1257 and 5.
Another one.
That's a garbox.
What was what was that?
Empty cigar box.
I told them to fill it up and bring it
back.
What a puss.
I think Hank's right about him.
He had it.
No, he had me con for a few months.
But I'm starting to really wonder
about him with some of the scam
stuff he's putting on here here.
He's a scamster.
In fact, he was in there.
When he bent down to get the cigar
box, the scamster dropped his hamster.
You know, there's nothing.
104 at 560 WQA.
So anyway, we want to pass the word
long.
You don't have to wait until the
wordy outback.
If you want to take that, I'm
sitting here and I'm thinking to myself
because I really don't listen that
much to the commercials.
I'm sitting here like hyperventilating.
And I'm thinking to myself,
they're talking about Father's Day on
his outback spot and take that to
outback for.
Uh-huh.
And we love our friends at the outback
of the way.
They got great states.
They got that great walk about
super and those big onion,
blue and onions.
A lot of good stuff there.
But you don't have to wait until
uh, uh, St. Patti's Day or
Father's Day.
The order of the outback
state cause.
Nice going over there again,
guys in our crack traffic
department or whoever is
responsible for all that
stuff continuity.
Whatever department it is,
getting lost in traffic.
Here's Linsburg.
Hello.
Hey, Nail.
Yes, sir.
Do you remember me
telling from Linsburg?
Sure.
From Long ago.
Right.
I ain't very depressed,
Tony.
Well, if I was in Linsburg,
I'd probably be depressed.
Well, about Linsburg anymore.
Yeah.
I'm in Jams.
Oh, okay.
It says Linsburg.
Well, I thought you'd be
proud of me.
Uh, Nail, I graduated from law school.
Yeah.
And uh, I'm pretty fired up about it.
But I will tell you I'm up.
Right.
Oh, yeah, we've been on there
a long time.
A cool stage.
I never thought you'd be
with Hank Goldberg though.
Meaning what?
Well, you, you know,
I do.
Well, we have a move
then together.
It's just that we work on the same
station.
You know, we haven't set up
housekeeping.
Anything?
But I'm open to stand major.
Hey, listen, I share it from you,
Tony.
Okay, we have an open line
in the day.
Follow these people.
I want to live in the past and
go back.
How's the bird doing?
What happened to stand?
Oh, stand.
Don't be trusted.
Five six seven oh five sixty
pump five sixty on it.
It's like when we
all was called from
when we used to.
In fact, we have
one just the other day.
They start.
He was yesterday.
You guys talking about
last winter, last winter.
Nobody here cares about that.
Don't you understand?
Nobody remembers him.
Nobody every once who do
remember trying to forget.
Talk about morbid and depressing.
White house point.
Hello.
I love all those relevant
radio.
How's Alex Bennett doing?
Exactly.
Yeah.
What's wrong with these cable
of new stations, Neil?
I mean, Ken Star.
I mean, he should take a
very man of a go blow
himself into a diabetic coma.
Then turn the case over
to judge Judy Duke.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks so much.
And happy I'm
Kipper to you,
suicide.
We have an open line in
drawer five six seven oh five
sixty pump five sixty on the
18 T line.
Whatever happened to what
am I looking for here?
I was just looking for
something in the vanish
out of there.
There's so much stuff that's
not in here that it's a.
You could fill up another
whole DCS with a stuff
that's not in there.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Long time first time.
Okay, listen, when you're
old, I hate to bring out the
past and just talking about
that, but your old station
last year used to play a
sound bite from the crack
Miami news stations.
W I O D. Oh, I hate that.
No, what was the woman from
one of the TV channel
here used to talk about
the Florida grazing itself
for a big blow job?
You know, this would have
been a very appropriate
year to play that.
Yeah.
So like I didn't play
that twice yesterday.
Oh, I didn't hear you.
The Gordon gives out Florida
a major blow job.
That's it.
That's the one.
You don't mean Jennifer
Reem.
Do you know who that was?
That's who it was.
All right, sure.
She's Reem.
Great.
Have a great day.
In fact, she called here and
was reeming out the weather
cases when I was a waiter
in the hercone.
Nice, God, Jennifer.
Thank you, sweetheart.
We know if there was
somebody we could depend on.
A voice of sanity and reason
out there.
It would be a little Jennifer
who says important
relevant things like.
Hey, asshole.
There you go.
We have an open line at date.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the
18 T line gym.
Man, it's.
Yeah, Mr.
Mad Dog.
He'll be here for Hank
today from 2 to 6 because Jim
of course is sufficiently
goish.
He is not celebrating
your Kipper.
Hank is Hank is over there.
Uh, Hank is fasting today.
You think?
Come on.
Maybe like 6 or 7 meals.
Huh?
8 or 9?
You think Hank is really
fasting today?
Uh huh.
Ha ha ha.
Come on.
You really think so?
No.
And then we got Kim Bo camper
who says Jewish is they come.
He's on from 6 to 7.
40.
In fact, if you look up the,
if you look up in the
dictionary in the term
definitive,
going right next to Rick
Riley's picture,
there'll be Kim Bo camper.
And Kim will be on from 6 to
7.
45 and we got the anchors
in the Texas Rangers.
And there's the doctor,
baby.
Dwight good.
And he's out there in a
mind.
He got the good stuff from
Tampa.
They just brought in a good
rocker too.
And Dwight's out there to a
do his job because the Indians
got embarrassed yesterday.
They got bombed by that big
fat ass move on in the Red
socks 11 to 3.
And they're going to give
this shot today.
That's starting any minute.
And I'll keep you a brush
baby.
I'll keep you right on top of
it.
And they got the anxious Chris
Burman doing a play by play
on this game for ESPN.
They got John Miller who's
acceptable, except for the
overacting and at the Joe
Morgan who's talking too
much, but other than that ESP
and is so totally unqualified
to be doing these playoff
games because they don't have
any announcers to the big
game.
That's that.
You know Chris Burman has
become like he's a parody of
himself.
You know how like like J.
Leno there are there are
people who become who
overdue certain things to a
point where they become a
parody of themselves like
Chris Burman back back back
back.
Yeah.
109 at 560 up 18 at 560 W.
And the
end of the game comes on
because the dot good and
throws the first two the
general played on par calls
and my third pitch is right
down the middle.
I mean right down a heart of
the right ball three.
Play my hard work.
And but I beat but I'm up
and above and in the big
needs.
And the dog wouldn't walk
the first man is behind on
the second better and the
rest of maybe off and
roaring again today.
We think it's fixed.
We have an open line in
six down at 560 at 56 or 2658
six to the Louis line.
What The Hollywood
say does and get slept here
hoping with we're going
back.
Well it isn't ever back in
like 86 that he ought to
to J&B Exploration, which is Neil Bush's business.
What was the question?
I was working on a cop here and I needed some place to fill out my paperwork
and I got done.
So the secretary said,
that's going as often as there is not in there.
I go in there and there and stuff like that.
He's the authority officer.
So I looked in the garbage and papers, notes, notes,
and tests of Neil.
So I thought,
that's a big hitter.
I thought, what's going on?
He said, I thought,
he's logical and I invited you to the fundraiser.
He's asking for $10,000.
For a fundraiser thing,
to be swapped for money that's being held in escrow.
I'm thinking, that's a way to do it, matching funds that the government gives.
So he's trying to solicit $10,000 from his business only to give it back to him
just to swap out.
So I thought that was kind of, I never went to the news with him.
I thought it was kind of news where that thought was crooked and underhanded.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Okay, we have an open line in broad.
Meantime, these Indians, they're pathetic.
Sandy LMR, they hit the man at second base stealing.
By 15 feet, throws the ball and gets right through the short stops club in the center field.
Safe at second base.
The Indians are ready to be had, baby.
They're bonito, they're weak.
Here's a call from Atlanta, hello.
Hi, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Well, I've just, I've listened to this for a half hour,
showing the Internet and stuff and I.
It's ponderous down there to say, God almighty, I'm hearing you people down there.
It's like, get a light.
Anyway, I just thought out of this ponderous, what do you mean it's ponderous today?
I have, I try to live down there anymore, you know?
I just hear it now, like, oh my God, it's like death all over again.
There it is.
Anyway, I was wanting to know, did you talk about Kevin Brown yet?
I don't know if you did or not.
Well, what is there to say?
These people, these people have no interest in that.
The fact that he's stuck in a store got 16 minutes.
Nobody's gonna talk about that at all?
No, not one call.
Jesus.
This morning, all they're talking about on a morning show is about the dolphins and the jets
and the jet fans and the dolphin fans swearing at each other.
There's no interest in baseball here.
My God, you're supposed to go.
Guys strikes out 16 and 8 and he's yesterday and M Trevor Hoffman, another ex Marlon,
the best relief for the Major League, comes in and nails down the save.
That's great.
That everyone has to go.
And Jay Powell, by the way, finished the game for Houston, the same game, just to add a little icing on the cake.
Well, that's just another irony.
No, match your question real quick.
I was talking to my brother the other night down there.
You tell me that the sales tomorrow and the thing go through?
Well, now on the front page this morning, it says it is done.
That they finally agreed on it yesterday and that maybe tomorrow we're gonna hear the official word.
But now, I mean, you know, I'll believe it when I see it and writing.
When I see the contract with the signature on it.
It seems to me now, right here, I gather, it's the guy from Bokeh, looking to buy the team or something.
John Henry, yeah.
Okay.
This could be like a mom-of-pop run team down there.
No, this guy allegedly is loaded.
Allegedly, yeah.
Like, he's in there.
Like, you know, he's all the wonderful things he's gonna do.
Well, I'm just gonna see here and enjoy the Braves and the Cubs.
Who are you fool for and Braves and the Cubs? I'm curious.
Well, I like the Braves, but, you know, I got that soft spot for the Cubs.
It'll, I don't really care.
It's a big good series.
I think it'd be great.
I think pitching is the name of the game here.
I'm watching these other teams.
I mean, it's unbelievable how good the pitching is out there.
And I'll put that at Cleveland.
Except for Cleveland, couldn't just walk to another guy.
They got first and third and nobody out.
And he's, he's gonna be history real soon.
This is going to run or no?
Not yet, but any, any second.
Have a great day, pal.
Good time for you.
No, see ya.
Have a great young Kipper up there in Atlanta.
We have an open line in Broward, 56670560,
Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line.
I do like that.
Mike Hardwell gets thrown out.
I'm the third pitcher of the game,
which he was absolutely correct.
Pitches right down the middle.
And I know a manager can't argue balls and strikes.
But I mean, what are you gonna do?
They're gonna squeeze your pitcher like that.
You got a Chinaman's chance in Hellowin in the game.
And they've got basically none.
And here's that big fat assed-up,
noxious, bad attitude, Mo von up there,
who had two homeruns and knocked in several ones yesterday
for the Red Sox.
They got real tourists coming up there in Cleveland.
And they don't even know what it means.
What does that mean?
Anonymous?
Here's an anonymous, hello.
Hello.
It doesn't take.
Yes, sir.
Speak to me.
Hello.
Yes.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
I just want to let people tell people that radio is not always
education, it's entertainment too, you know?
Yeah.
You got these people complaining all they curse, they make cursing.
But you know, this is a dog.
This is what dogs do here and these kids listen to the show, you know?
That's right.
That's the American fucking way.
That's right.
You know, and all these people talking about all the language,
the language, what are the violence?
You got people killing each other, kids killing each other, you know?
And they're worried about what you're saying.
Exactly.
You know?
They have an easy movement.
We have an open line and they wanted Broward, 5, 6, 7, 8,
oh, oh, swing in a mess, nice going there.
Most strike their schmarts around, okay?
Doc?
Oh, that's right, they're votes for us.
Well, strike out the one with a big fat assed-up with a bad attitude.
Mo von, God, I can't stand him.
I hate him.
There's not too many athletes that I hate like Poison, you know?
They're just certain ones you pick and choose your spots.
And the ones that just really annoy you that got a real bad ass crappy attitude.
And Mo von happens to be one of those.
First and third nobody out, two balls on the strike on this big, big imposing fat slob,
who's like, there's ball three in the dirt.
This good-naked going to make it out of the first inning.
I hate to break the news to you.
Mike Hardroves gone and Gooden will be right on his behind in the clubhouse.
Speaking of Tampa, here we go.
Hello.
Chris Baker, God.
Yeah.
Oh, that's it.
There you go.
That was a good call from Tampa, nice going, sir.
How many hours did he wait for that?
Jesus, Joseph and Jehozaphad.
There's the IQ in Tampa.
You think it's bad down here.
We always can look over there on a west coast and kind of snigger a little.
Snigger, I said, snigger.
Open line in, Dave.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the three balls in the strike.
Come on, Doc, you can do it.
Just think about those good times in Tampa when that good rock.
I mean, that good stuff.
Jesus, this is so freaking ponderous.
Well, this first inning's going to last like till I'm off the air.
All right, swinging a bus three and two.
Here we go.
Getting the good stuff going.
One more, baby.
Here's Miami Lakes.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, sir?
Great.
I don't even know why the hell the playoffs are on.
I mean, the angus are just going to take the whole damn thing, man.
How do you know that?
Oh, I can bet my cut to the fees on.
Yeah, don't be too sure of that, sir, when it comes to the playoffs,
you can forget about all those 114 wins and all the other good stuff.
I mean, David Wells was great last night, but they got a long way to go.
I tell you, if the angus do not win the World Series this year,
I'll personally buy you lunch for a whole year.
You truck on both of them.
At a boy, Doc.
I don't know.
Okay, go back to New York.
Get out of here.
So tired about all these people.
They got all the answers.
They know why?
Why should they bother playing the games?
You're right, pal.
When you got all the answers already, right?
What's the point?
Except that George wants the money.
We have an open line at date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
and prom 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
At a boy, Mo, you big fat ass,
sh-roll with a bag at a bad attitude.
Struck out on a pitch.
You couldn't hit with a bed-slant ankle.
Nice going, Mo.
Here's a bokeh.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
Go back to New York, you old beast dumbass.
This is a Red Sox game.
Yeah.
We don't need that guy calling him.
Exactly.
Oh, that's easy.
He's Yankee, people.
And they think that's the only team playing.
I hope that old park list of them still do.
Oh, he's a list, and that's why I'm giving him a little play
by playing.
He's better for the cable.
I've been scully right now.
Right down right about that.
And here's that damn no more Garcia Par.
Man, it's the pain in the air.
He's having a hell of a year and they, on the label.
He had a five-fourty-five on the other.
He had a tremendous shot yesterday.
I heard Hank do a call on that.
Homeward did a better job than that bozer that was doing again.
Ah, did he go around?
I don't think so.
That's ball one.
And that Joe Brinkman behind the plate.
Did you see the third pitch that he called a ball
that Hardrobe got thrown out arguing about?
I wanted to run up there and grab a bat and hit that one myself.
Right down the middle of the plate.
You could have hit that one.
Exactly.
With the fly swatter.
I think Joe Brinkman, he's upset because he has to work on Yankee.
That's probably it.
Tell him to have an easy fast.
Okay.
Bye.
See ya.
No Margarcia parrots, two and oh, we got first and third and he followed it back.
Why am I doing this for?
What am I doing this, uh, because I feel like it.
Okay, let's go to a, well, at least this is a way to, uh, to see what's going on.
Here's a mobile and point and V.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
There you go.
Hello.
Speak to me, sir.
All right.
I'm going to speak to you.
I'm from Charlton, South Carolina.
And I'll come down here.
You talking about that lady was on the phone while it goes a bit.
Yeah.
Well, everybody, I've met down your sofa as a bitch.
Well, there you go.
At least as you was consistent anyway.
Yeah, consistent enough, I guess.
But, um, you know, I don't see why everybody's got to be such assholes there.
Because this is South Florida, didn't take you long to figure it out, did it?
No, no.
You got it.
All right.
Okay, have a good trip back.
All right, thank you.
Okay, and happy you're on Kibbert.
We have an open line.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Open line and Broward, five, six, three and one on a no Margarcia parrots, who sounds like a real Julio to me, if you ask me.
Come on, let's go, Doc.
The Doc with a good rock.
That's the problem.
Since they took his drugs away, does they've never been the same again?
There you go.
Goodbye, baby.
That one is long gone.
No Mar does it again.
Oh, it's off the top of the wall.
Just missed by inches.
So that's going to score one and we'll probably have a second and third and, uh, the plate to plate is out.
Safe.
Oh, my God.
He never touched the plate, Sandy.
Tag him out.
This Joe Brinkman, man, this game is fixed.
This game is fixed.
It's too rough and red socks.
And, uh, if he ever touched the plate, it's got to be one of the greatest mysteries in history of the human race.
No Margarcia parrots, a three run home or yesterday.
Just missed another one now by inches just under the yellow line right off the top of the left field fence at the Jake.
Look at that shot.
Woo!
Three inches below the yellow line.
Are they going to show you how they're going to show the plate to plate again?
If this guy, who the hell was it?
If he touched the plate, it's got to be with his thumbnail.
Here he comes and, uh, he's out.
He's out of mile.
Jesus Christ, this game is fixed.
It's not even close.
Here comes the tag.
There's this.
And he's got him on the shoulder.
It's not even close.
And, uh, Margarcia doesn't even argue about it because he don't want to get kicked.
And look at, uh, good, uh, goodness psychotic.
They're restraining him.
They're having a nervous breakdown here now.
And I don't blame him.
Go get him, Doc.
He was out.
The announcers are saying he was out.
He wasn't even close.
He never got his hand in the plate.
He had the ball and the glove on his arm on his shoulder and then he gets his hand on.
He was out by, uh, feet.
Oh, it is.
There should be an investigation of this guy, David.
Kill that crap.
Man, oh, man, I can't believe this.
And goodness in the, uh, he gets tossed to.
Did he just get the, uh, he got tossed off?
He is tossing his glove.
He's pulling at the mouth and he's pissed off and fired up.
And they're escorting him out of the area for his own safety and everybody else's.
And now look at this discussion.
I'm going to tell you, Joe breakman.
You are the anti-Christ.
This man, mental health.
He couldn't call a picture of a player to play it for the hell of a goddamn gun to his head.
Man, oh, man, as shevath.
These Indians are revolting.
I would be surprised if they start getting out of the old piece by.
I've been sticking it back home before the setting is over.
Man, look at good news.
Straighting him and holding him back.
He says, what game you be calling, man?
Where your glasses be?
And see, this is typical.
This is the officiating and professional sports.
It's been deteriorating and deteriorating as the years go by.
And it gets so bad that it makes a mockery.
I think our pain big bucks and never so pain big bucks for the right to put this crap on.
And guys like this asshole, Joe breakman, their blind is a bad.
Here's a mobile in Hylia.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy Yom Kupur.
And back to you.
And then I got fired for.
Let's find out I'm hanging out with some buddies at Judge Rowling.
And then CP 90 gets us in there.
I'm working at a griefiest.
Yeah.
Hey, he's been right there.
He's got a, with like thin guys and like three girls going to dance with something.
Yeah, they were doing it.
They were doing it.
They were hurting it, man.
I couldn't believe it, man.
I just thought you wanted it over.
Thanks for the good news.
Amen.
Great use to break.
Take care.
Yeah, the Indians are forming at the mouth.
I know we got a few red stock spans out there.
And I mean, you did a nice job yesterday.
But this is a, the direction I wanted again.
I always had John Valentin.
He's out by two feet.
And Alamar, like look at how good it is out there.
And he's like, we're ready to come in and just carry our Joe Brickman tent off the plate on fire.
We should have made your major brawl right there right in the spot.
It's 127 is 560.
QA, yeah.
What are you talking about, Dave Towne?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Rock and roll his flute.
I heard the reindeer hoos.
He's coming down the blue.
He's got some gift for you.
Santa's on the roof.
Here's the chance to lift your spirits in this joyous season,
with the melancholy sounds of one of the most depressing artists in rock history.
Yeah, the chestnuts roasting.
All the famished are staying.
We're in our highest cry.
Under the famished fire.
It's the lizard king at his most festive.
A Jim Morrison Christmas.
Bird cakes.
I hate them.
Please don't give one to me.
They're all annoying when they come see you.
A Jim Morrison Christmas.
It's the city that proves the Ultite season is still alive.
Even if he isn't.
131 at 560 WQM.
I'm really surprised they didn't have a ride right there at Jacob's Field in Cleveland after the episode last of five ten minutes.
Here's a four-letter deal.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, when you were working on WIOD.
WIOD.
Oh, I hate that station.
Yeah.
Does anybody ever know what happened to Aaron Summers?
Yeah, she's working at some sex toys threw up in Orlando.
Oh, she is.
Yeah.
Get down on your hands and ears and lick my boots.
And I just wanted to say, Neil, about that guy who called earlier, that there are kids who listen to you.
Well, I don't know if I'm a kid on a middle school, but I do listen to your station.
I tell everybody in my school to listen to your station.
So that guy can, uh...
You go to hell!
You go to hell and you die!
Okay.
Happy, I'm supporting you.
You got better equipment than we do.
Okay, pal.
Have a great day.
Yeah, seriously.
Oh, we finally got it out.
Thank God we got a ground ball in the infield.
We got two out.
Thank the Lord.
Water on second and two down is on the take.
One of the other or both.
We have two open lines in Broward, one in Dade.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the 18th.
T wireless line.
Here's the mobile in Miami Lakes.
Hello.
Hello, my father's from New York and I just kind of get brainwashed growing up.
I gotta tell you, I don't know what you got against the mobile bus.
I don't want him either.
He's got a crappy attitude.
Anybody there?
Give me a minute.
When you ask a question, you said, what do I have against him?
He turns down $10 million a year because of his stuff don't stink.
You don't feel right there in the Red Sox organization.
I feel fresh.
I mean, I was there.
I'm not a Red Sox fan, but I should be the papers and everything.
And the guy does nothing but right for that community.
And when he doesn't need Boston, which I know he will.
No, he will not.
Oh, he's definitely not.
Well, he's not.
Don't be surprised if he's in Pinterest next year.
Yeah, okay.
Good luck, you pal.
We have an open line of these.
You know, something I take back what I said before.
90% of New Yorkers are just like that.
They're obnoxious, man.
They're obnoxious, imperious, and everything.
And this guy's not from Boston.
Pins stripes this and Yankees that.
And let's just talk about there's only one team except the Jets and the Knicks and them two and the Rangers, of course.
By the way, the Rangers are going to suck this year at big time.
We know the Panthers are going to suck.
And my Leafs are going to suck, but the Rangers, they're going to really suck.
With that gigantic payroll of theirs, they're going to suck so much that they're going to win.
And Gretzky's cheeks are going to probably invert the great one.
I am so tired of hearing that swill, man.
It just me want to bump.
Here's a heliah.
Hello.
Okay, sir.
I thought you, um, I'm not a Boston fan.
Why not a Cleveland fan?
But I'm sorry, man.
That guy was out by a bite stick.
It wasn't even light here.
Even a blind man.
Even Ray Charles could have called that play.
Oh my God, yeah.
That was unbelievable.
First he called the pitch right down the middle of the plate ball three on the first batter,
and then throws out the manager, my card roll.
And then he, you know, he excreased this incendiary situation with a grotesque call.
I mean, this is a playoff game.
Is this the best that they can do in Major League Baseball?
I think that one should quote like the other one day, and then right in the middle of the game,
just drop right there, man.
Just hit the hit.
Just hit the floor right there.
Yeah, right there.
He's got a good eye laughing.
Yeah.
But anyways, I have this little story for you.
You thought that was funny when John McShurie croaked out there in the field?
Yeah, it was alright.
Yeah, okay.
Anyways.
Okay.
So four lines in day five.
Oh, you know who that is.
5, 6, 7, 05, 6, 105.
How come it took me so long that time?
5, 6, 10, 05, 6, 10 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and a penber, a penber, a pen, a big report.
Too much of a iteration.
Yes.
Uh, don't let your taking the day off because all the Yiddellock doctors are starving themselves today.
I'm playing golf and penber, which you think?
Alright, don't kid yourself.
All the, uh, they're all off anyway.
But, uh, there's a guy on task three just east of Plumengo, and the best way he can serve him protect
the Tember of Pine is to hide in the shadows up on the island in the middle of the street.
Oh, that's a captain Plumengo.
That's, that's every day.
That's an every day deal.
Yeah.
And the other thing I wanted to say is that lady that wish you an easy fact.
Yeah.
Isn't fasting sort of a way to, uh, show someone respect and sort of a sacrifice thing?
And why would you wish it to be?
Carlos Lines, Jim Mad Dog, Mandate for, uh, Hank Goldberg who's out for young Kipper today, who's out fasting today.
Is anybody believe that?
And then we got the Volcanper at six to seven forty five.
And he's in Texas.
Maybe Texas could win a game, huh?
When that shot some of these backfords up a little bit, but I doubt it.
Five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil, I got a problem.
I was done with the hurricane and the keys.
I was talking to span major.
Yeah, okay.
Great.
Two open lines and dating two and Broward.
We're getting down to the directs.
I just guess I'll do play by playing a goddamn ballgame is what I'll do.
Kenny Loffins up for the Indians leading it off.
Well, just do the goddamn ballgame because as soon as this started at that was the end of this audience.
They're all gone.
We got nothing but retards and Stan major wannabe's out there.
Nobody cares about Stan major sir.
You know what I'm talking about?
Nobody is interested.
So get yourself a life.
Five six here's our last call for calls five six seven oh five sixty.
What a day.
This has been I'm going to tell you this is like my worst goddamn nightmare today.
Spastic.
Oh, but it's young Kippur.
Don't you have big stinking deal.
Okay.
Cox a hoist with your young Kippur.
Get on those phones and let's do a goddamn show here and stop like I said yesterday.
Every time you turn around in this town here's another excuse.
Oh, we're not calling today because fill in the blank.
Fill in the blank.
If I wanted to talk to a bunch of arrogant dumb New Yorkers all day and start that crap.
We could do that four hours every day for the next four months all the way through football season.
No, thank you.
I'll pass.
Yes.
How you doing?
Okay.
Yeah, I was talking about make it come about the New Yorkers man.
I don't think I could I hate the New Yorkers as much as you do man.
I've never met a New Yorker that doesn't complain more about Miami than you know.
You got a New York just came all of them half of the half of the half of the Georgia State
and my New York fan.
You know what's over that.
Okay, let's go to a four-letter deal.
Hello.
Four-letter deal.
Going once.
Going twice probably in New York asshole.
Okay, we have two open lines and Dave one and Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miramar hello.
Miramar.
Hello there.
Yes sir.
How are you?
Well, these people today are so goddamn slow.
I don't understand what's going on here today.
All right, I'm a long.
Jesus God in almighty.
All right, I'm a long time list of you.
I've grown.
I'm a friendly good neighbor Bernie.
I'm very very highly of you.
And well, he should.
And it's me.
Anyway, I, I, I, let me get to the point.
I think the, the Republican party is one of the greatest publishers in the world of pornographic
pictures, pornographic statements.
And they think of family values and morality.
They're for the craft.
Bernie and I have trains in which to get to.
Anyway, sometimes ago.
Correct.
Yeah.
You sometimes go you with this.
You've got to run two to one.
Yes.
Yeah, it's talking about the Tony Bennett and a ghetto on a mega site.
And I whole hardly agree with you.
Way back in New York with the world's best Tony Bennett with.
We have to go over to five boroughs in the hot Bronx.
Brooklyn's that and that.
And he will be appearing at thinga bold.
Thousands of people came there.
Yeah.
He came out of the stage.
Joey say was the best of ceremony.
He took the plaque a walk throughout the stage.
And people are screaming.
I mean, buddy, Merritt, think a few bars of happens this time.
That one point.
Okay, listen, say hi to Bernie and have a season of face off when that comes up.
Not too far after your father's day.
Here's before four-letter day.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
I don't know.
I would like my doubts.
I'm fired.
I said I'm doing the best I can.
Yes.
You please do that.
I would like to start by apologizing.
Okay.
We have two open lines today.
5607-0560 and 05-560 on the 18th wireless line.
Just can't control yourself, can you, Holy Oman, to have no life over and over.
And it's not going to get on the air.
Now, next week, a week from Circus, ever under the sun.
And if you're not funny, you're not amusing, you're not entertaining, you're pathetic.
Right where you got it.
Yeah, sports radio, 560-Q-A-M.
Oh, God.
My family will not let grow my extra wee wee.
You only have one wee wee, son.
Oh, Mommy, am I deformed?
No, no, you're only supposed to have one.
Is Daddy deformed?
No.
He has two wee weees.
No, son.
He only has one.
Believe me, Mommy knows.
No, he has two.
Two?
Yeah.
A little one he pees with and a great big one he brushes the baby sitter's teeth with.
Okay, 152-560-WQ-A-M.
But here was nice hearing from Vincent again, wasn't it?
No.
Oh, yeah.
Very briefly.
With his stories about how Larry King still owes a money and about the Huck and his same old.
Vincent, call us when you die, okay?
Give us a phone call.
Before you take your last breath, call us just before you're croaking.
I'll come and dance on your grave.
We'll have a party over there.
We'll do a remote.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Just heard something today.
I thought you might enjoy.
You know that Joe Bush is taking money from the, for his campaign from the oil companies in Texas.
Yeah.
So the question of the day is, is how long after he is president or how soon after he's president,
we'll start drilling this water.
Here's a mobile in Boiton Beach.
Hello.
Okay, nice talking to you.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
How are you doing?
Okay.
First time caller.
Welcome back.
Yes, sir.
I just want to tell you that George did a fantastic job where you were away.
And all those people had called and said he sucked.
They were just envious that they were not able to sit in your throne.
Uh-huh.
That's all I want to say about that.
Okay.
I'm back to you.
Okay, we have one open line and Broward all of a day, man.
We're going to have to throw this.
Seven minutes.
We can put the ball game on if you want.
We're going to throw this ball game.
Well, on the top of the second here for the Red Sox, they finally get in a couple of people out.
Well, that's five and a roll.
Get that off.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 and pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the lady in camera.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Well, I was born there.
Really?
Yeah.
And so, uh, I'm curious to know.
I love, I've only a four-time listener to you, but I don't miss you one day.
I mean, I haven't missed you a day.
Right.
So, I thought I'd call you and you may be happy when you call me and love ants for them.
Greatest of you in the world.
It is, eh.
Thank you very much.
Man, have a great day.
You two have a happy holiday.
I'll see you at the adan.
Okay.
That's right.
At the day-mamps for them.
One open line in Broward all day, five, six, seven, oh five, 60 pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Hey, I'm real psyched about panties in this year, you know.
Even though they stuck with, I got tickets and I just can't wait.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's just, um, I'm psyched, man.
What about you?
What are you psyched about?
I'm psyched about the new arena.
I'm psyched about the new arena.
I'm certainly not psyched about the team.
Yeah, I know, but it's a talky at least, right?
That's right.
There you go.
I can get $100 to see Dolphin games.
Right.
Because, you know, it's reasonable.
$33 I think it might take it.
So that's not that bad.
So I'll talk to you later, Neil.
I'll see you tomorrow night.
Bye.
Bye.
He's all excited.
He's psyched.
Like I said, I'm psyched about the new arena.
And thank God we didn't get any of those calls.
At least one thing today.
It was a brutal four hours.
Believe me, that's an understatement.
But unlike yesterday, when we had listened all those assholes with their negative comments,
all their complaints and belly aching and crying, like a bunch of children.
Oh, the seats are too small.
And the parking ain't good.
And I'll get out of here.
A bunch of negative goddamn losers.
They could build a goddamn Taj Mahal next door to your house and invite you in again,
give you a free food and free tickets and whatever else was going on in there.
And a free, uh, get laid for free with a person of your choice.
And it still be belly aching about it.
God almighty.
What the hell does anybody know what these people want?
No, because I I sure don't.
Here's Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
That's talking about Amsterdam, that red light district.
Yeah.
I heard it's way back in the 1600s or whatever.
That they put the red light district in that, in that rural area because of the,
the priorities to come on the ship.
And it was in Bayes, the cities of Denmark, Amsterdam and all that.
So they put the red light district in that general area to keep them in that bay,
which they had to legal booze and the proposition, all that.
Is that that's true?
I don't know.
No.
Hey, it's right.
You know, they have a book in the hotel.
And all the hotels, they've got this big book that's got the history of Amsterdam.
And of the red light district and all the various parts,
I'll have to read up on it next.
Right.
We plan to go there in the future.
Uh, I don't know.
You never been there?
No, I haven't.
No.
I really look forward to, uh, checking it out really.
I really would like to see that.
You want to find out what real life is all about.
This is the place.
Yeah, I can be down through all my life.
It's down Florida.
Oh, God.
You know, I mean, yeah, actually what I get today, I'm really getting scared of what the hell's out there.
Uh-huh.
They're out there.
At least real quick.
And did you hear on the commercial Santa Boran on Miami Harald, how they endorse Brian North Cross?
It's the number one meteorologist from covering her case.
Oh, yeah.
He's an asshole.
Okay, pal.
Thanks for the good news.
Yeah.
I'll see you Saturday.
Okay, I'll be there.
Right.
That's right.
Don't forget Saturday will be at the Galleria at the borders, which is right next to the Galleria from noon to two in four Lauderdale with our best of CDs, which we're going to have to have a big year this year.
We got to raise, I'd say at least 200 grand this year for Santa one because last year, thanks to Greg Reed being a cheap bastard and a BBS artist.
We didn't raise a dime.
So we're going to have to have a real big year to make up for this year.
And we start this Saturday at the borders.
And of course, our CDs will be available at all the borders all over date and Broward unlike a regular basis for the next three months.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You take lessons from Ned Martin?
Ned Martin?
The old, the old Martin?
The old Martin is terminal.
He was a boring, his talent.
He was.
He was boring.
Listen, Neil, today is my birthday and I'm a boy and I didn't realize Yoam Kipper was on my birthday.
Thank you very much.
And I know it's kind of late, but if you could play, if I was high Zingha in honor of Yoam Kipper, I'd really appreciate it.
Okay, see ya.
No chance.
Okay, happy birthday to you, pal.
And have a easy, fast and easy movement.
There you go.
That's the God.
Let's you have an easy movement.
No diarrhea, no constipation on Yoam Kipper because he works a mysterious way.
And instead of doing the other way around, you know, letting you have an easy movement, three hundred and sixty four days a year,
he lets you have a one day or the other days of the year you have to strain a lot.
Here's Kendall.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good to have you back.
It sure is.
I never had two more fun days than these last two days of my life.
Oh, it's still better in Georgia's show.
Okay.
I didn't have the heart to call you before you went on vacation, but did you see the backdoor voice on the MTV award?
No, I did not.
Well, you won't believe who they thanked first because without him, none of this would be possible.
Oh, well, but that's all bull crap.
That's just a part of the act.
Oh, he did.
I asked Kevin and AJ about that when they were here and they said, I had a bunch of crap.
Oh, okay.
I don't want to blow on that.
Like a butt-pack something.
They don't care about that.
I thought you'd see all this broken.
Huh?
I thought you'd be hard broken.
Believe me, I know the inside story.
You know what I mean?
I'm going to come to them at late.
Yes.
Oh, I need a little thankful.
Okay.
I'll read my energy.
In a Tadiano, no less.
And of course, George is sitting there all day, socked.
They saw, like, I really care.
See, that's one thing about you.
You don't understand.
I don't care about your taste in music, about your taste in food, about your taste in people.
That's fine for you.
It has no impact on my life whatsoever in any way, shape or form.
I'm the only one.
You're the only adult male who likes them.
No, that's not true.
Sure it is.
No, it is absolutely not.
We've already been through this before.
This is like, this is round and he, or we found several.
We have found several.
Let me rephrase that.
What?
No straight men.
No straight men who called him with their daughters like them.
They like them.
We use the other drum.
Wrong.
This is another one of those stupid arguments where you're arguing with yourself.
Like about no straight guys will never get a job from a fake.
Right.
Oh, you already, you already came in on that one.
Now you're back on it again.
Okay.
You better ask Rob Kaplan about that before you make any firm conclusion.
Oh, that's right.
I said straight guy.
I'm sorry.
I take that fact.
Well, I just lost that argument with myself.
That part of it anyway.
I can just a bad example.
Oh, God.
Thank God this day is over.
It's been one of the great 10 believe me.
If anybody knows what you I'm kippers all about, I've learned it today.
Jim Mad Dog Madditch is next.
He's going to give you the inside story of what you I'm kippers all about.
And then we got both campers at six and the Yankees and the Texas 745.
Q-A-L.
