for AM.
Do you want to do as you please?
Former association talking about the cat problem in their neighborhood and the cats
having sex in the yard and the question that we're asking right now is whether this
sex between the cats is consensual or not, you know, pleasurable that a lot of people
maintain there's no such thing in the cat world.
If your mother's ill and you care about your children, I think you have to take everything
in consideration.
Well anyway, her husband's been shooting these animals and it's gotten a lot of people
upset because some of these cats are pets.
And these cats also, I think, should have been, for example, for my daughter, the behavior
is very smart-like.
It's just something that I, that I don't want her to see if the stage of her life.
Holly would on TRIF I AM 640, hello?
Hi.
Yes.
I just want to make a comment quickly, like everyone else has been saying cats do not have
consensual sex.
Cats, the penal cat excreases the scent when they're in heat and the male is attracted to
that.
It's all part of animal behavior, it's been seducable for them.
If you say that animals, cats do not have consensual sex, then there must be some equivalent
of rape or non-alcoholic rape.
It's essential for them to be like the other animals.
You are attracted to human behavior to an animal.
So that's the case, we were talking about.
Date rape is something that happens between human beings.
Yeah, date rape is not the term if you're saying rape.
Cats can't rape each other.
The rape implies that it was non-consensual sex.
Do you know about that?
Can I have you listen to something please?
I've heard it.
I've heard it.
I've been listening to this.
To this.
That is a nice note.
Okay, if you want to question how it sounds to child, that is that is one issue.
I can understand.
I can understand why you can't concern about your child during that.
The sound of the cat makes.
I want the male to push the female down.
All of the animals are back.
Okay, now you're inclined to the cat for doing it.
It's not yourself.
It's the term.
And that's it.
Now you're saying they're doing it missionary?
We're trying to get her back with her next idea.
Cats don't have sex that way.
I mean.
Well, how do you know?
Well, I can't imagine how a cat can have sex.
Right.
You have sex doggy sex.
Oh, you know that.
You know that.
In that animal.
But Mr. Henry, all I know is that he's like to a rap.
He likes to a rap around him.
Well, well, I'll get to see two cats.
And one of them went engaging in oral pleasure with the other.
Well, okay.
We can't have that.
And we can't.
Well, I don't know why the gentleman's laughing.
So the man cats do not have oral pleasure.
Oh, man.
That's what I'm talking about.
That's what I'm talking about.
Cats do not think that's on the same level as it is.
Why would the female be sitting on top of the male child,
lowering and raising herself?
I'm asking what's happening.
I saw her riding her hips and rear end on top of the male
as he had his paws let her dip.
What are you talking about?
I was talking about.
He had his paws on her hips.
Yeah, cat.
Thank you very much.
Well, I guess that would be the best.
So she hung up on us?
Yeah, I think she hung up.
Irvine, I'd say, I'm 640.
Hello.
Hello, yes sir.
How are you?
I'm just the whole kind of scary to me.
I mean, what if my kids are doing something in the backyard
that you take objection to,
you're going to take a pot shot at them.
Well, I'm a little bit mizoolier back.
If you're going to laugh at me,
these cats were engaged in beach-yield sex in our backyard.
Yeah.
And at one point I saw the male cat
put his cigarette out on her ass.
Yeah, right, okay.
I heard the cat say, take it all, bitch.
Meow.
I thought I heard that upstairs when I was in the third floor earlier.
It's 1006 and 560 WQA and Happy Monday, too.
Oh, yeah.
Happy's got a new CD out.
You know, I probably shouldn't even mention it
because right away they're going to be calling it.
Oh, you're going to have those for us?
And the answer is, oh, no chance, okay.
But you can call KFI because Phil's got his great new one.
He got some good stuff on here, including Ruth 98 with Margaret,
sex with ministers, all kinds of good stuff on her.
Nice going, Phil.
And of course, I was going to play that a little bit later on,
but I figured I'd better play it right now
and get myself in a better mood
because I had an experience this morning with
our sales manager, Luanne Winick.
Oh.
Always a pleasure to see you, sweetheart.
I was just telling Joe, this is the only place I've ever worked in my life.
Var none.
I mean, anywhere you work, there's bondability.
All your people out there who work for a living with a bunch of other people.
There's always going to be one, maybe two, but usually only one.
But if you never saw them again, it would be too soon.
You just kind of like, stay the hell away.
You don't speak to them, you don't go out of your way to see them.
But there's always one who you consider an asshole, they hate you, you hate them.
Here at WQIM, at Greg Read and his buddy's joint,
which is what this place is all about,
here I could make a whole list.
I could take a legal yellow pad and fill up every page with names of people
and if I saw them again, it would be too soon, ever.
And Luanne, sweetheart, you would be right at the top of the list.
There is no water, not to.
She comes down here before I'm getting ready to do a radio show.
And I ask her a very simple question about something we discussed last week.
And right off the bat, she starts getting militant like she runs this place.
See one of the good things about WQML and everybody in here wants to understand this.
Because of our absence of a real management,
everybody else who works here is a manager.
How do you like that?
Because we don't know what the management does.
We can't find them.
I was upstairs.
I was in every office, every nook and cranny.
In the toilets, I looked everywhere.
His office is open.
His briefcase is up there.
He's been seen by people with eyes.
But can anybody find this man?
No.
So in the meantime, everybody else is running the joint.
Everybody's got their own little empire.
We got the water Nazi.
She's running the joint.
We got Gary Sarner.
He's running the place.
We got screw in.
Winick, the sales manager.
She's running the goddamn place.
And they all run in a round with an attitude.
And the best part of it is, you put most of them together.
And they still don't look like they have anything about radio.
They haven't got a clue.
And the best example of that was our experienced
out-of-borders in Kendall on Saturday, which I'll talk about in a minute.
And I want to thank profusely our friend, Jeff Gardner,
who's the president of New Age Design Graphics,
who did all those VNH bumper stickers and buttons.
And he's done just on Flay M. Shroff with any promotional materials on Saturday.
No.
No, no problem.
A little bit of a problem.
The nephew had a little problem.
Nine minutes after two A.
Yeah.
This station stands for nothing.
Full of study.
And here comes this miserable bitch.
Comes walking in here again.
And stands here.
Looking at me, I asked you a question about something we discussed last week.
This is our sales manager, who now is the general manager,
the president, the CEO, the hot shot.
And she starts giving me a belligerent song at a dance.
Well, I've got in here, time-tracked.
And she's walking down the hall.
She's walking out, down the hallway, rambling, screaming and ranting and raving,
walking away.
And I'm sitting here like, huh?
You're coming down here and opening up a post to me.
You stupid idiotic bitch.
20 minutes before I go on the year.
See, that's another thing about this place.
They haven't got the frogiest idea of what it takes to go on the year and do a radio show.
Because none of these people ever have ever done one.
So they have no idea, especially this kind of a show.
What kind of frame in mind you need to be in the go on the year and do a radio show.
At least, hopefully, there are some of the cobwebs that are cleared out, okay?
And you're not sitting here overburdened with your blood pressure up to 200 over 180.
And like maybe you can think of, you know, to, you know,
fake your way through four hours.
No, they don't understand that.
And I'll tell you one thing until I get that new scoop, you know, up upstairs ready.
I will never see that's only about the fourth time I've ever gone up.
You don't think the Metro Zoo is exciting?
It's not going to happen.
I think what all do a company is to my friend down there at the Metro Zoo.
This is a thousand times more barbaric and wild than anything you've ever seen at the zoo.
This thing upstairs, this is a kindergarten.
This is a playground.
This isn't a place of business.
This is a radio station.
And a proof of that is we go down there.
I drive an hour on Saturday, okay?
Donate my time.
I'm more than delighted to do it for a good cause for Santa one.
We got our best in the LCDs and cassettes down there at quarters.
The volunteers are there.
Carol is there.
Get down there.
Here's the nephew.
Another part of the fraternity.
Another one of Greg Reads.
Not just one of Greg Reads personal friend, but a relative of the nephew, Chris Reads.
Assistant promotions director.
And he's bringing there's the FQAM van and he's bringing stuff in.
And I'm sitting there at the table.
Well, where are those ghost of the old picture cars?
The real cheap tinted cars?
They have to be screened and yelled in the house since there are no commercial materials of this radio station.
Where are those?
Oh, I'll see you in the bad news.
Somebody must have left them in the other van.
We have no Neil Rogers picture cars.
You hear to do an appearance and a sign card.
I mean, you know, people that buy the CDs and cassettes, I do sign those.
That's nice.
But there are a lot of other people that just come by to say hi.
Meet that fat bag that's on a radio.
You know, you get an autograph.
The price is right.
It's free.
Shmoos, they do a little bit of pubic relations with your audience out there.
Whatever you got left at this point.
We just don't happen to have any of those.
Because they're in the other van or they're somewhere.
They're up somebody's ass.
Maybe they're up the wands.
It's a record.
You do that's possible, huh?
Maybe there are about 50,000 of those ghost of Neil picture cars up the wands when it's
record.
It surprised me.
Along with that bug that's up there this morning.
Oh, yeah, there's a bug going around.
Make no mistake about that.
It started in the way.
And record.
Now it's all over the building.
There ain't no water, not tea.
Okay, whatever you say, fellas.
Where do these people come from?
Do they have some kind of a factory?
Do they have some kind of a plant where they stamp these creatures out?
The Gary Sauners and Phyllis and the Wands of the World.
Rig read in his personal little buddies.
The promotion department, Sam, and the nephew.
You go around the building.
You ask different people, what does a, since we have no promotional materials, none.
Zero.
Nothing.
Not a bumper sticker, not a button, not a postcard, not a toilet paper that's as wqa in and
blue and yellow on it.
Since we have no promotional materials, what does our promotion department do?
And you ask everybody, do you know what they all say?
No, no.
We can't tell you.
What, somebody must know, are they on the payroll?
Are they getting a check?
Are they stealing money out of this?
Do I keep all the free tickets they can?
I can't take all those waiting friends up there to the, uh, out to the box at the stadium.
The arena, the impress everybody, everybody's box.
That's right.
But does anybody in this building, can they put their finger on it, can they identify what any of these people do?
No.
No.
And the salespeople are telling me story after story about going out to do appearances, which is why most of them don't want to do them anymore.
And nothing shows up.
In fact, sometimes, none of those people even bother showing up.
Can we get on the air?
We promote, hey, come on down and meet this one.
Meet, uh, a little dog, big dog, uh, whatever.
And once in a while, you know, make the effort to get in your car, you spend the gas, you work up into a sweat, you go, uh, well guess what?
It didn't work out today.
Nobody's here.
That's the QAM way.
There's the real radio way, and there's the QAM way.
I want to apologize profusely to Bob Green, Cheryl, everybody, Mike Disney, everybody I ever wanted to do.
I've never worked for a WI.
I even want to apologize to Ron Awolth, Peter Bolder, as hard as that is for me to do.
Buddy Bud Paxson, I want to apologize to them.
Because on their worst days, never.
I mean, sure you have one, and if you're going to work anywhere nine years like I did that I would deal with a few runs with some people.
But never on my worst days, that I ever have the kind of environment that goes on in this joint.
This isn't just a hostile workplace.
This is the insane work that this isn't even a workplace period.
This is an insane asylum with windows.
That's what this is.
It's a nut house with frickin' windows.
And if we were up a couple of more floors, I might just jump through one just to get this over with, you know what?
We're only on a second guy at the M. Floor.
We'd work too well, probably with my life.
Probably a break a finger now.
Just absolutely unbelievable.
You wander around looking for the guy that's supposed to be running this place.
Like I've said before, this man has no authority.
Everything that comes through this place, this man can't wait a check for 50 cents.
Every check, every dime has to come from Naples, has to be signed by the Beasley Boys over there.
Not one single penny can come through this organization.
We go and do an appearance.
I drive an hour each way to go down the candle.
And by the way, thanks.
We had a pretty decent turn out there on Saturday.
Not spectacular, but pretty good where he's almost too grand.
A lot of nice people.
George was there.
And by the way, most of the people said they really enjoyed George when he filled him when I was on vacation.
Nice going, George.
Everybody was very nice.
Gilbert showed up.
Thank God right at the end.
Right when we were almost ready to leave, Gilbert showed up.
Hey, nice thing, you got to leave now. It's two o'clock. See ya.
But he was there dressed, I mean, really Natalie. He was a fashion plate.
He had his belt just below the armpits.
It was a beautiful thing.
He really had to be there to see it.
Nice going, Gilbert.
So we had a pretty decent time, even with a...
But again, thank God for Jeff Gardner of New Age Design Graphics.
Jeff, you have no idea how much we love you at this point.
Because he made all these DNH bumper stickers, those big posters, which are really, I mean, a whole...
A crap load of those.
Tons of them.
Huge banners, DNHs with my...
And you know something, you know, the best part of the whole deal?
To show you that sometimes there's some sweet ironic justice.
None of the things, because he asked me about it, and I said, oh no, don't do that.
None of the things that Jeff made for us, including all the buttons and everything, have WQAM on them.
They all say Neil Rogers says, the NH-Dunal Harmor, something about me or whatever.
But none of them have WQAM on them.
Nice going, Jack. Good.
Because why would this radio station want to promote itself?
Good on what I'm saying.
Why would we want to go out there and say, hey guess what?
In fact, it's time like that piece that they're on the channel 10.
Maybe it's poetic justice, that they didn't mention what station I was on.
I did see the piece on Friday, by the way, Diane.
There's another good one for you, okay?
That had me a really snooker, that fucking bit, try and mag him.
They did a piece on the morning show on Why 100 Did You See It? Friday night?
They must have done four minutes on footy.
And what a great guy he is and a reformed drug addict and how he goes,
they showed him speaking to a bunch of kids with drug problems and all the great WQAM in the community.
Then when they got through eulogizing, analyzing a footy, then they went into another four minutes on the young lady that's on them,
which I have no idea what her name is. She has a great ass, but I have no idea what her name is.
And here's her house, and here she's doing the morning show on Why 100 Did You Know?
I mean, just an unbelievable piece.
So you see, it's got to be me. These are the nice people. These are the good people.
These are people that we're working in the community doing good cheer and ablwork.
I'm not doing it, but I'm just a miserable, hard bit in the old bag son of a bitch.
That's me. You know, I'm just a bad guy, and I'll be the first one to tell you that.
It's got to be me. It can't. There can't possibly be this many screwed up.
It's got to be me and Hank, because they hear Hank's, you know, we always says,
whatever Neil says, I second the emotion and then something.
We're just bad old bad Jews, me and Hank. That's the problem.
Everybody else in works here is great. They're perfect. There is no water, Matt.
See, that's right.
All these people that come to me and tell me and George these stories about how they're brow-beaten
and certain people upstairs treat them like crafts. They're just now content, too.
They're just making things up because they're making trouble.
It's got to be that. There can't be that many assholes in one place.
Can there? Is it humanly possible? There are this many assholes in one goddamn building.
I mean, I'm a serious, I could, I'm not exaggerating. I could write a book just about my trip up to the third floor.
I wasn't up there for five minutes. I could write at least a short story on it anyway.
At least a hundred pages. That's how amazing it was, because after a screw in high-tailed it out of here,
muttering as she was on a way down the hallway, acting real macho and butch.
Maybe he's got a f***ing guy. You think he's got one of those people?
He made surprises. He's got f***ing asses. I met her husband.
Yeah, that's the type when a key. He don't have one. You don't have one. He's a real pussy.
So he must have the f***ing headband.
And I go up there. I go up the elevator up the third floor, one floor up,
and here they're all gathered around the water Nazis desk.
And I'm out in the hallway. And of course they don't see me out there.
And the first thing I hear is there is no water Nazi.
And I realize that screw in is up there. Oh yeah, I mean he told him.
It might have been incredible. And there's Gary Sardler up there and they're all like playing grab ass in the hump at each other.
It's incredible. Oh yeah. They were hump at each other right over the desk.
Just like that cat thing we're talking about.
Wow. Just an unbelievable f***ing place. I'm telling you.
Those of you who think that I exaggerate on my hand of the sky, my hand to...
Oh man, they're so good.
An ambitious tool, okay? This is just amazing this place.
Coming here on a Monday morning, so...
Especially in a pretty decent frame of mind.
Oh.
But it sure is different.
1026 and 560.
It's safe in Miami town.
At 560 WQA.
And I have to worry about any more tough stuff.
I don't know if any more, I guess. 1031 at 560 WQA.
So let me tell you one of my favorite moments at Borders on Saturday.
One of my very favorite moments was sitting there and looking up and realizing that our program director and the nephew Chris Reed were sitting there.
There's kind of like a little, I don't know what you would call it, like a little podium or something.
And they're sitting there next to each other side by side with a big smile on their push.
Like, hey isn't this great?
Like, didn't we do a great job here today?
And I'm sitting there signing all of a sudden stuff.
And let me say it again.
Buttons, bumper stickers, big posters, all made by Jeff Gardner at New Age Design Graphics.
Did I mention his name or not yet?
No.
Like I said, New Age Design Graphics Inc.
In North Miami.
Made for us for free no less.
Plus some of the buttons which I paid for left over from hockey season or whatever from months ago.
Which I paid for out of my own pocket.
So what I'm trying to lay out for is the fact that here we go to do an appearance that allegedly has something to do with this radio station.
The operative word being allegedly a promotional fundraising campaign that supposedly has something to do with this radio station.
And if it weren't for Jeff Gardner, there would have been nothing.
There would have been no netkins.
There would have been no tablecloth design, no paper plate design like we did events in camera years ago.
Nothing.
Zero.
Oh, Zipini Dunga.
And I'm sitting there and here's our program director and the promotions person who's supposed to be in charge of this appearance sitting there with self-satisfied,
like smug looks on their puts like, like that because ignorance is bliss.
You go to do to do a picture signing thing at a joint, but the only problem is there's no goddamn pictures.
Not that anybody needs those ugly ghost and the old pictures.
Not that they're going to be worth any money any day.
When they stick my ass in the ground in about two hours because I think that's about as long as I'm going to make it today.
Not that there'll be worth anything, but it's just that's the general idea of how you do something right of what we intended to do when we went there.
And these people here in this place to them, it's all a big joke.
Everything's a big joke. They're up there right now.
Again, they're hopping on the table. They're all on the floor and grigrees office, having an orgy up there.
It's a big joke. This is a party.
This isn't a place to work.
This is a party for a bunch of people who know they have total impunity in their life.
They can do whatever the hell they want.
They can shoot your grandmother in a back and they'll still come into work tomorrow and have a job and have a paycheck.
Am I right?
You bet your sweet ass.
And there's a whole bunch of people on that list.
Now, if you don't happen to be on that list, then you got a problem.
If you're not on the part of the mishpuffy here, if you're not part of the inside, the family,
even the Krolyonis never saw a family like this one.
Because if you're not a member, if you're not one of the button men or somehow associated with his family,
you're on the outside. You're just a troubling, if you're an impediment, to their having a good time.
I mean, I'm going to tell you something. I came as close.
I'm sitting up there in grigrees empty office, a quarter of 10 this morning, assuming that maybe he might come back.
No, I finally just had screw it. I said, that's all.
And I came back down here.
And if George wouldn't be on vacation this week, because I wouldn't stick Joe Castella with sitting in there like,
like, what do I do now? Poor Joe, you know, like he knows deserve that.
I would have just gotten in my car and gone home.
See, the only thing that they understand, okay, because they got this smart ass wise guy, Jew lawyer of theirs,
the only thing that they understand in this company is, well, he's making a lot of guilt and butter me better.
And then they come through with this check like it was a big deal.
George is seven months late. They finally paid George's bonus on Friday.
And like we're supposed to have a celebration about it.
Like we're supposed to be abulliant about this.
And then they bring me a check, which of course, you know, they're bragging about.
They owed me an increase starting October 1st, according to my contract, like we wouldn't have found it.
Like, hey, your lawyer didn't even call us about this. And look, here's some more money.
You know, something you could bring down a bucket of money right now.
Hundreds, thousands go ahead, by the way, bring down a bucket of money.
And it still isn't going to change any of this other stuff.
You're still totally inept in competent.
You're laughing stock at a business, Greg Reed. You're in joke.
You're an idiot. You're an imbecile.
He's an asshole.
And those are the good things we can say of autumn.
Okay. And this isn't just stick. This is exactly the way it is.
This is exactly the way I feel about this company.
I don't care how much money they're paying me.
Are we producing here? Are the numbers great?
Did this log jammed up even more than it's supposed to be?
There you go. We're bringing the more money, the handover fist.
We're bringing the money in for these bastards.
I just got 75 client feedback reports here.
All these sheets. In every single one of the clients happy.
Are they getting great results?
So, evidently, I wasn't paid to come here and get big ratings and bring it a lot of money
and make the clients happy and result for responses.
I was supposed to be here to suck ass with these people.
But we're still humping up in the water Nazis office right now.
You can hear the sound. You can see.
Squared, squared.
That's dripping through the ceiling for Christaches in here.
They're having sexual excitement up there just for the fact that I'm talking about them.
Because they're getting off on this. That's right.
Because they don't care.
These are people that have been here for a thousand years.
Nobody else is going to hire them. You can be sure of that.
Does anybody else out there going to hire the water Nazis to come and kill a rising everybody?
The worst for them?
No.
First not.
Anybody going to hire the sales manager?
This bitch that's upstairs that walks around with a thing between her legs?
No.
First not. Nobody's going to hire that bitch.
It's just amazing.
We've got a place here where all these things go on.
And who's in charge? Who's on first?
Does anybody know?
No.
No.
No matter how you spell it with a care and end, the answer is no.
That's right.
Who is in charge? Who's calling the shots?
Who can you speak to? Who can you tie down?
Who can you?
And of course when they do finally give you an answer, is there word worth anything?
No.
Absolutely nothing.
They will lie to you with the greatest smile on their pulse with the greatest impunity
because they know that when push comes to shove, all you can do is call your lawyer again and start getting your blood pressure up and get aggravated all over again.
Just lie and lie and lie shamelessly.
You go and sit and have a meeting with them.
And she walks out here, well, it's not your contract.
Like number one, first of all, the sales managers got something to do with my contract, which is none of her goddamn business.
And number two, like if it isn't written in so-and-see, this is the operative thing in this company.
If it isn't written in granted, if it isn't engraved on somebody's spectrum, then forget it.
No matter what they tell you, it isn't worth the price of peanuts because their word is worthless.
As Jeff Rumor about that deal that he had to come to work here and Greg Reed has looked at him with a straight face and says,
when I shake your hand, we've got a deal because my word is my bond, is word bond or some crap like that.
My word is, that was more like it.
So you sit and have a meeting, we come to an agreement away, walk out, everybody's got a smile on their face,
and do they do the things that we agreed to do?
No.
No, then they come down.
I'm not going to put up with that.
I'm not going to put up with only 100 minutes of spots an hour.
I hear people call, I hear Madditch talking about it on Saturday and driving out of my appearance at borders.
I hear the mad dog talking to somebody and asked him about his Greg Reed going to get the hurricane games or something like that.
He says, you expect me to answer for Greg Reed?
A man that's running for you?
Well, I can't even figure out why he's running 45 minutes of spots an hour and 15 minutes of programming.
And you expect me to answer for that asshole or something to that effect.
That wasn't me saying it, that was the widely respected mad dog saying that.
The same mad dog manager was killing him like a petal and child, they're rightfully so for a month,
about how he couldn't get a goddamn paycheck out of these people.
Remember those days?
That's right.
I remember the day he finally got a check and he gave that story about how it said on there, don't check to reach from sookers or something like that.
Because it didn't let him good yet.
WQA.
8L.
Bales, people are ice holes.
And what the colds beat you up.
145 and 550 WQA.
And so anyway, I got a great, I'll get back to my other stuff.
I've got a minute things I want to talk about here today, but I might not get to any of them.
I must just do the whole four hours on this place again.
It seems like about once every two or three months, I have to just take a whole show and just go ballistic here.
Not that it accomplishes anything, but it gets it out of my system because my blood pressure is already 30 points lower than it was 10 o'clock.
Because it's like letting out steam.
But I'm driving home on Friday and Hank was at what's his name's funeral, the boxing guy, Dundee, whatever it was there.
So Hank came in late, I had no idea what time it came in.
So he had the, you know, the kitty court we're doing a show, Clarence and Josh and Josh Jr. and whoever the hell they are.
I don't know who these people are, I've never seen them.
But anyway, they're doing the show and they go through their song and a dance.
And here comes the first call.
I'm not making this up.
The first caller was some old fart who obviously was led out of GA.
And he says, well, you know, you guys, what are your thoughts on that Syracuse temple?
I mean, I think Syracuse is going to run up the score all over and I'm thinking to myself, here's a bunch of ten-year-old kids sitting around filling in time until Hank gets back from the funeral.
And the first call is some compulsive gambler again who really is fishing around.
Should he bet there they're going to cover the spread, which what was it?
38 nothing or something like that in that game?
Guess what? They cover the spread pal.
They've lost your ass.
Just like D.Fo and all his gator drops.
Hey, Hank, they break the news to you.
D.Fo, it's getting really, really old.
Boy, did he get a booing last night if they had to game D.Fo?
When he came out to do his little bit of career in the charade there.
And I notice now he's wearing his real loose sweaters and big baggy pants because he's ballooned up to like about 320.
And he is seriously, he was in here the other day and I don't know what's happening to this guy.
Maybe he knew he was going to lose his ass on that game.
And he figured let's bulk up ahead of time because there's going to be a lot of neolist days for weeks on end.
He's going to be doing a carotid carpenter di now I think for next two or three months after Saturday.
Boothed roundly and enthusiastically by that crowd.
Now, speaking of that crowd last night, we could do about 20-30 hours on.
The amount of information that the people in this town have, I just don't get these people at all.
Here comes John Van Biesbrook with the Philadelphia Flyers.
Okay, we hate to flyers that much is given.
We hate Eric Lindrust. No question about it.
Even though we had about 1,000 or 1,500 flyer fans here last night, hey they're incredible.
At least these are real flyer fans from Philadelphia not just throughout front-running ponies like so many of those so-called red wing fans.
That we had when Detroit was here.
Hi, I guarantee you, 58% at least, maybe 80% of those people that eat toy jerseys.
They're just bandwagoned uppers because the red wing's one, two steady cups in a row.
So last night, they had, you know, for a number of flyer fans there, whatever.
And the players come out for the warm-ups, okay?
And here come the Philadelphia Flyers from the tunnel.
They come out on the ice and here comes the bees.
It's one of the first to step on the ice.
And there's like a smattering.
You hear some applause and booze.
I'm well-want to add all about, you know, but not a lot of them.
Because most of the people are still out eating that crap food.
They're still wandering around.
Now we get to that moment when they announced the starting line-ups for the visiting Philadelphia Flyers, okay?
And they announced the starting line, Jodie.
How have gotten nice hands.
Nice going, Jodie.
We like Jodie.
Never stole a free train. Looks pretty good.
And then we get to tonight's finger for the Philadelphia Flyers.
Number 34.
God, that's easy.
And now, seriously, I almost fell off the chair.
Because there was a very loud response.
But keep in mind you got about maybe 1500 flyer fans in the building who are actually going to give them a big cheer.
There was a lot of cheers and there were also a lot.
I mean, there were very, very loud booze.
Booze.
They were just drinking the booze.
They were giving out booze.
For the booze, the visa.
Now I'm wondering to myself, why?
Now I'm thinking that asshole I called his show couple weeks ago.
Well, I don't like the way he left here.
He didn't leave here because he wanted to leave here.
He left here because they made him an offer he couldn't refuse, which was no offer.
They said, OK, we're giving you our best offer.
We're not going to give you any other.
In fact, they lied to him.
Kind of like they do around here.
And by the way, speaking of lying, Brian Murray, you know something new,
are a piece of churrie.
You really are.
You see the article in the paper yesterday morning about how the visa plate so poorly for us last year that we thought we were never going to win another game.
And that was the quote from B.M. yesterday.
We thought we were never going to win another game until they finally got the great Kirk McLean who played OK last night, played pretty good,
except they didn't have a lot of work to do last night.
But the visa outplayed him by a wide margin, made some unbelievable, some single-lating save on Spayla on Whitney a whole bunch of them.
And then of course, when Eddie got the breakaway, you knew he was going to score because the one thing B.S.R. can't do is stop for penalty shots or breakways.
He couldn't do it here. He can't do it there. But other than that, he played unbelievably for them.
And then Eddie's speaking of another genius, Eddie Jovonowski, who os points in the IQ column,
because they're talking about the interviews they did with B.S.R. after the game last night.
Panther, Eddie Jovonowski grew testy when it was proposed in the many Florida fans, still wish B.S.R. were here.
That's too bad for those fans, he said.
We'll play you with the gold tenders we've got.
Eddie, come on, we know you're scooper, okay Eddie? We know you're dumber than sawdust.
But do you really think that anybody believes that, that we're happy, having Captain Kirk the jerk and Sean Berk who led in five greasy gold?
In fact, that's the reason Berk didn't play last night, I guarantee you that.
Because that came up in Boston, he led in five goals and every one of them was coated with grease.
They must have been Italian goals, they were coated with olive oil, seriously.
Slippery, greasy goals, every single one.
So he didn't play last night, I'm a claim didn't play bad, but that these are played.
In addition to which I hate to tell you, because a lot of you are emotional cripples and you can't handle the truth.
In addition to which we've already got also got thousands of people out there who don't even understand what it is that they're watching.
But the Philadelphia Flyers, when I realized we went up there two to one, we beat them up there, I shot them 40 to 15 and whatever.
And only Roger Neilsen is the only coach in the world that could take a team with this much talent and turn them into a coma team.
In fact, we've laid in a second period last night, they had a total of eight shots in the whole game at that point.
And I'm picking them myself, what, what, you look out there and you see Lin Ross and you see Le Clare and you see Keith Jones and Rindamore and you see Mike Sylinger and the Luke Richardson and all of these guys out there, this team is going to be a great team.
And it's loaded. Almost everybody on that team is a star.
The difference between the talent level on the Philadelphia Flyers and the Florida Panthers is like the difference between day and night.
And I give our guys credit the fact that they go out there and you know they play teams that have a lot to hire payroll and a lot more talent and they give it their best shot.
But I said, I said to people early in the game after they got the first goal and we tied it up.
Eddie, nice going Eddie.
I said, you know, you get the feeling that they're toying with us that they're just sitting back and waiting and then when they, when they, they could score a goal anytime they want.
That's the feeling I got because they weren't turning it on and then when the overtime came, they came out there and you could see they just barged into the Panthers goal.
They were in there the whole twenty six second and by the bank he'd joined us in the net. There you go.
As Carcleron's fellow once again, just desperate, just falling and clawing and unable to get the job done.
But that's the feeling that I had that they could score on us anytime they felt like it.
Because they are in. I'm not saying at the end of the year how many points they're going to have because they got a coach that's a dead man.
That's always an impediment. Roger Nielsen.
I think he's got naked pictures of Bobby Clark and must be the reason he hired him.
One of the worst coaches in the history of the league, Roger Nielsen, a dead man in a suit.
And you know, we sit behind the benches now and I noticed last night he barely moves once in a great while.
He'll like move a little bit a few steps from one part of the bench down to the other.
The most of the time he's standing there with his arm is folded like he's just holding up the back of the bench.
It's a dead man.
But the bazaar thing to me was unconscionable.
This man whether you like him or not, whether he's a board again Christian or not whatever that's all about.
He gave us five great years here.
Okay. Without him the first four years with this team of in anywhere.
No. That great run we had the Stanley Cup finals were we have made it without him.
No. All those incredible highlights in the Colorado series.
Him and Patrick frog. Anybody forget about those? Of course you can't forget. He was unbelievable.
And so he had a big thing right from the beginning of the year last year with the agent and Wayne and BM and you know and it's soured the whole relationship all the way around.
So it's very easy to make him the scapegoat now.
People like my friend the rim rim man, you know people like that and all these other people in the organization making him the scapegoat or he was the problem in the dressing room and he created all this on half it is and yada yada.
Full crap. Okay. Don't feed me that.
He's got a lot of money.
They destroyed his ego and his psyche right off the bat or you need a last year in addition to which the team had no defense and they.
You know even the rim man as much as he may hate the beavers he'll take about last year's team.
There you go.
Was there any question about it? They stuck.
All right. Once was enough. I mean, calm down. Okay. We know that they start. We know that there were horse ball teams.
But he's gone now. So it's easy to make him the scapegoat. But those of you who blew him last night. You people suck. Okay. I'm saying that beyond any shadow of a doubt. That's what I think of you.
If you read the well, what's the game started like I said that bitch that called a couple weeks. I'm going out there to move to the bea's here. Well, that's kind of stupid. If you're a panther fan.
I hate to tell you honey. Place for the other team.
But when somebody comes back to town like that, you see it everywhere like when the come up scheme into New York.
The first time in the C.A. is out there thinking of a standing ovation.
That those are fans with some class.
With some set of appreciation for what you did for us for however many years it was.
And we have some fans who have class and we have some fans who are just to take the C.L. off the class. That's all.
Ask. That's what they know from his ass. Just like they know upstairs.
They're in the water now. She's office where they're all banging each other up there.
And they're doing it the doogie style right there on the table. Just unbelievable.
Gary Sarner was pumping in animate objects up there. He was so excited because screw in my.
Oh, I told him that she's standing there with an armistold and real macho with her pants suit on.
You know, don't you think that most women who wear pants suits, you know, they're.
I think they really do have a.
I do women who wear pants.
Real real but.
10 50.
You a.
The real Roger Shardale Ray.
What he has repair.
What he reads because otherwise I'd be a puppet away right now.
I'd be puppet on a big number right this moment with the elected not.
It's a level of I.N.
1103 at 550 WQ way and by the way, I forgot that I got the giveaway and I said I would never give anything away any or again to.
I have to go back and that would be the first time.
I think it's an I won't be here this weekend. I'll be in Vegas. Thank God.
Vegas.
Thanks for the thanks to the holiday weekend.
But I got tickets to the.
We'll be trying to be pretty entertaining. Buffalo is always an exciting came to watch.
I got a lot of real exciting players on here. Not the least of which Matthew Barnaby.
And that's Brian holds that you're in the course of the cash.
And the God for me. How about this maple leaf by the way?
Oh right. We finally beat him all.
Thank God. But anyway, I got the yellow parking pass and preferred parking for the national car yet to Macawena.
And my great to see there, which I do have to I.
One seats by the way. You have to admit that in section 101 right there.
Any. So what how do we want to do that?
Joseph, we really don't want to do that. What are you saying?
Well, we'll give away to whoever asks in sounds convincing. I don't want to do no drawing or anything like that because that would be going back in that.
I don't want to do that.
Now one good thing did happen on Friday by the way.
One excellent thing. Thank God I can't all be negative and depressing.
And about this God for a second, please.
We're sorry. Thanks for the second. I'm sorry. I've got 50 million things running through my mind.
49 million plus about this place.
So I have a little something that we're going to pass along for some of the assholes in this place.
That's going to solve a lot of problems because three students in the next few weeks, sometimes before next
look is we're going to be moving into our permanent studios allegedly upstairs on the third floor.
And once we get up there boy, because there are possibilities that exist for real, full more.
I'm talking about even Sodom who's saying we'll never see no matter what we drop on him.
We'll never see anything like could possibly the potential is for absolute chaos.
But I'm going to avoid that before that part. I'm going to tell you why in a minute.
But first of all on Friday, FCC ruling allows renters to install antennas and dishes.
Oh God, it's about time long overdue.
Having impact expected and stop loaded, I'm going to tell you something.
And I really mean those those of you bastards out there who are sitting back on your ass,
who have waited and waited or made excuses.
Or in many cases they did give you a bun, you know, the condo association, all those old parts.
Oh, you can't put bad in it against the condominium.
Well, guess what? Too bad.
Because landlords will no longer be allowed for hibid renters from installing TV antennas and satellite dishes on patios, balconies or in their apartments, the government ruled on Friday.
The ruling expected had a far reaching impact in South Florida will allow renters and condominiums,
well, as the circumvent central cable systems in their buildings, thousands of South Florida ins living in high-rise rental and condominium units with centrally controlled systems can now say to you, okay?
And get their own choices, get the right TV, but whatever it had you want, get the sports packages, the movie packages, whatever you want to watch with a great clear crystal, clear picture.
What a difference, man, when you got a dish.
It says this gives tenants and community association members an opportunity to choose by price and program offerings rather than having their landlords choice rammed down their throat, said Andrew Schwartzman,
president of the media access project of your advocacy organization in Washington DC.
Your organization and one that are restricted ruling would discriminate against the 35% of the population at ranks and is more likely to be minority and lower income.
The FCC on Friday adopted new rules that would give residents in apartment building the ability to receive satellite TV or wireless cable service by allowing them to install antennas and dishes on property that they control exclusively.
They're not allowed to put the devices in common area such as the roof of the apartment building or balcony shared with another tenant, but any property that's your own like your own patio, your own whatever the back of your own unit, whatever you got if it's your unit, then stick it on there.
Our rule brings choice to renters who live in high-rise buildings and have a balcony in which since stolen antenna, just as owners of condominium units may install and tend on their balconies or owners or renters of townhouses may have an antenna on their patio,
said FCC chairman William Cunard and on and on a coast. So thank God, finally, after all these years of citing with the cable companies and all these old parts in the condo who want to prohibit you from being able to do whatever the who want to limit your life, basically is what it boils down to, scroll them, scroll those condominium associations run by all those old parts 150 years plus, death plus 10.
And it would seem to me that people who are reading about this and hearing about this should be on their phone immediately with their satellite guy or running down to appliance TV for everybody want to go and get the direct TV at the very least.
Because once you have the satellite, then you'll actually understand there's something else going on in the world besides cartoons on whammy.
And by the way, speaking of whammy, nice going depot.
The force another victim of whammy because misery loves company. I'm channel surfing was yesterday morning. I think it was yesterday morning that that got off the show that he's got with any cap on his own and when.
And guess what I had to turn the volume way up. I know it was that old hum job again. Nice going.
So then that's just I guess anybody from Q a M if you do it show on whammy to give you free hum job to.
Just like the ones that are going on upstairs in the water. Not these office right now. It's still going on. You can hear the rock and a roll in the goddamn poison about the cave in.
I knew there was a lot of construction going on but never thought the right ones like that. Even the sales manager. Yeah, she's got one too.
It's 1109. It's 50. Wait a minute. I could.
You a.
What the.
The spot after spot after spot because we got to get that money here. We're still losing money for one and 51 minutes an hour of spot on the station.
65 minutes an hour and we're still losing money. How do you like that?
Somebody's in the money somewhere. Maybe if you read. Go where the hell is nobody can.
I'm sure.
The longer this one and a hundred and twenty minutes an hour spot on this guy's in radio station. We got four hours of four play before the dolphin game because we got to get all those commercials on there.
By those five year old kids over the other building and we still can't make any money. So please pardon us. We got to get a lot of spots in and what I mean after all what do you want to hear you want to hear a hang for four hours.
You want to hear a bunch of four play.
I would prefer to hear a hang myself but nevertheless.
So we got to the ball game at eight o'clock the other day.
And this is the big one baby as they say it's all on the line. I mean the Patriots to me show me nothing. I don't want to talk for fall. I just mentioned that in passing.
They show me nothing. There are choked team. There are bad bad bad choked team.
But that's just the time when you least expected. So anyway, let's go a little bit of pension for that ball game. Okay.
There's a lot of money invested in that crap. Okay. So I said to you that I was going to solve the problem as I'm always always left to me. And I'll do it again.
I'm just in my own mind come up with a very easy solution for these conflicts that I have with certain people in this building. Now the water Nazi. I don't talk to her. She at least one thing I'll say for her. She's got enough sense. She stays away from us down here. She didn't talk to George now. How do you like that?
I mean George pretty much gets along with anybody even if he hits him like poison but their face will put on a good act. But she won't even talk to him.
So at least she's got enough common sense. She stays away from us. We stay away from her and that's the way we like it. We get along great. Let's share it.
Now yes, that's the way we like it. There is no water Nazi.
So the other people involved here. I'll give it a short list. Okay. Luann Winnick, Gary Sarner and the water Nazi. That's only three.
That's a short list. That's not along this. Those people I will not speak to.
If you come down here into my orifice before the show after the show, I mean don't forget about coming down during the show because that's supposed to be forbidden anyway.
But if you come down here and make your presence known in this room, I'll just either get up and walk out.
I'll just proceed with whatever I'm doing as if you weren't even there like Ray Meland in the invisible man.
So don't darken my door again. Don't waste your time. I don't have room in my life for phonies, for backstabbers, for people I'm a little ego trips. I come in here every day to do a job. That's it.
And once we move up there in the third floor, like I said, the potential is for a lot of untusiness which I'm not looking forward to when I come in here every day.
Even the extent like I said, we've got some little punks on power 96 down a half. They don't even speak here unless you speak their language, whatever the problem is on that given day.
You know what? Fine. Let's keep it that way. I know who the nice people are. I know who the people are who like me. I like them. The ones who hate me like poison. Fine. You go your way. I'll go mine.
This is an unbelievably unpleasant workplace, Mr. Reed. And that's not just me saying that you could get that of course from a lot of people who need to save their answer jobs, but anonymously we can get a lot of people to verify the same thing what I'm saying.
A hostile work environment is what you're creating here at WQAM and power 96. How's Jonastie doing, by the way? I'm sorry.
Okay, let's go to Miami Lake. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? Okay, sir. It sounds like you don't work for WQAM. It sounds like you work for Ringling Brothers. I work for the circus. That's right. How long we need is the Harry Elephant Day and we'll have our own circus for.
Yeah. Just a few days. The elephant. Just a few things. I went down to Westland Mall this weekend. I was watching one of my wife, the Christmas party. You didn't go into pennies to the tea room did you? No. No. The question is.
So they're collecting goods for the people in Central America, right?
Anybody in that station is over the age of 12? No. Oh my God. There are kids. Yeah. All of them kids. What kids work. Oh, man, unbelievable.
The only one that's over the age of 12. And of course, he's got all the other stuff with that phone. He's psychic. Crats. He does. She doesn't. Yeah, she don't have to squeeze water money out of him. I love his thing.
Down the borders. Yeah. I met you over there. Right. You're a hell of a nice guy. Yes, I am.
They say around here. You know, I didn't think you were this nice, you know, in person. Yeah. And we bought the two cities. They were great.
Now who I was trying my wife's crazy because I was playing them over and over. Did I meet you?
Yesterday, we were busy as heck. I mean, you guys, we had a lot of people. I just stopped by and say, hey, how you doing? That's the way I like it. I mean, the quick and simple wasn't going to.
I was going to go sit there and kiss you. Oh, near you. The greatest. I see a hockey game. Life that had a lot of people come by and say hi. And it was quick and short. And so I'm finally training these people. I'm a friendly guy, but to a point. Okay.
Believe me, if I want you to stick around longer, I'll slip you know, I'll let you know. There was a. I'm saying Danny. I'm sorry. Danny from Columbus. Hi. He's coming back. There was a couple of guys. Just Danny as a staring at you like they've never seen a.
A fan before. Yeah. Oh, anyone. I mean, God. It's like, yo, you know, just say hello. It's an old. Yeah. Well, that's pretty novel. I guess in Florida. See the old you. Well, thanks for coming down. I'm not.
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I
don't know. I don't know. I don't know where your
adults get hurt. This is too much. This isn't too much to say. This isn't too much to say. A story. And it turns out looking good in
cubicle and do my thing here for four hours and like I do every day two o'clock
unless there's something going on for me to stay I'm gone. Oh you leaving already?
Yeah I'm done. I just did my job okay I just bought in a ton of crap load of
money to pay your salary. Oh I love that. Oh you got it here already? Yeah it's
two o'clock to show ends at two okay. I have no reason to sit around here
stirring up a lot of trouble because I'll say it again those of you who work
whatever kind of business you work at where there's a whole bunch of people
the people that hang around a lot those are the ones who are the backstabberers
those are the ones that are always through and up trouble and mis-a-mout content
those are the ones that are trouble makers. They're not hanging around with it
shouldn't be there because they love the place they're hanging around because
they want to stir up a lot of garbage because they're poison. Like a lot of the
people we have at spend your time outside the smoking on the stupa there I don't
want to mention no names. Yes stirring up the crap stirring the pot
stirring up you know you'd be better off smoking instead of stirring it okay.
You can look out there on the stupor and about 80% of those people that are
out there that they're just out there to do the anti-routine they don't need to
be a puffing on those packets. Here's Miami Beach hello. How are you doing? I have
no idea. I'm having an out-of-body experience again. I'm having another QAM
experience. I'm listening you know well at least you can talk about it work you
know you get to vent those problems. These people are crazy man and they're just
they're looking for hostility they're looking to exert their authority and make
them feel more important including the sales manager bitch I'm gonna tell you
something she this woman is crazier than a bedbug she is I certifiable she
needs to be in a rubber room somewhere. Well maybe other people in the building
will have to say maybe get ready. No they already know it that's fucking
bit that's right they already know it I mentioned her name and it's like the
Dracula thing remember they held up the crucifix. They recoil when you
mention her name. The water Nazi right? No no this is another
ren
no I did not. Why would I do with this time I've been there about 50 times why
would I do it now. I have a lot of cards because number one I got a good
sense of humor and number two I believe in freedom and number three I think this
country's in a stone age when it comes to things like this. Yeah I definitely
I'm not. So think that there are people in in jail people are in prison for growing
and smoking marijuana. What are they gonna tell you about this country man they're
stone age. Hey you know my girlfriends leaving Friday to go to Las Vegas. Well I
have two open lives in David. Here's a West Palm Beach hello I'll look her up
out there West Palm hello. Hi Neil how you doing okay sir. I wanted to talk to you
a minute about the game last night in the end of M.B. Brook. I have to say hey
you did a great job we miss you I wish you well not against us of course you
know that's the way to do it but to be booing this man. No that those two have no
class. I couldn't believe what I heard and and one of the things that bothered me
really was back when they had the opening of the arena. Yeah and they let the
fans in Dennis Potman one of the questions he was asked on that show no no no
more disgruntled players in the locker room. Right there wouldn't be that. I'm
feeling all of these are that's right. Everything was just like the game Stunk so bad.
I'll tell you I should rather have. Yeah I'd much rather have him then Burke and
McLean together if they would have been one. For Eddie Joel and ask you to be
opening his mouth to the media and saying anything other than the other than that
I mean it's just unbelievable Eddie we know you're a dummy we appreciate the
breakaway to go last night and not too many mistakes on defense it's about time
but you know I'm for Eddie to be making quotes in the newspapers under a
little dog that's more sense than Eddie. Any chance on the no chance. See this is
what happens I apologize for giving these away but we'll get a lot of calls
today and maybe sooner or later I'll give the tickets away maybe I'll even
carry it over to look maybe I'll milk it till Wednesday you never know huh oh
man a back of my neck you know that stress that you get in the back of your
neck when you just totally stressed out from this God damn place I'm gonna tell
you right now and you can mark this down like Wayne would say like a bald
headache equal to the next time somebody in this organization pulls that crap
before I go on here before I'm here ready to do a show I'm just gonna get up and
walk right out and go home and call for my cell phone and call in sick I'm going
home I'm sick that's what that's the next time this crap happens to me when I'm
trying to get on here and do a goddamn talk show for four hours bunch of
takers a bunch of goddamn blood suckers and suckers that's right two open
lines and day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one
line
