Sports Radio 560, another 2am Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk to Neil called 567-0560, Cole Free for date and Bradford, or pound 560 on your
cell phone. The opinions of Neil and had yesterday's horse on it.
What do I know?
The show did not necessarily reflect those of those of Neil and
Beasley read acquisitions or the Beasley broadcast group.
I think we know.
Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560,
we do have some questions.
We have two factors for you.
We go on Luigi's on the phone with Brian.
Yeah, I want to know what's going on.
I have come Chris and Randy, our interviewer, and you instead of the first thing.
I mean, what's going on here?
What are you trying to do?
That's trying to shoot a throw something here.
What's it be?
You can take some questions.
What's going on?
Luigi, you were able to call in, weren't you?
Yeah.
Well then, what are you worried about?
I'm worried about because it's unfair.
What's going on?
What are you guys doing over there?
Do you have any questions?
Yeah, I've got a question for him.
I hope you're not worried about whether Jeff and Joe are asking the question.
You've got a question, ask it.
The question is, when is he going to get fired out of here?
He's boring.
He's soft.
Oh!
Hey!
Hey, there!
Did you hear the cigarette man telling me?
The cigarette man said, somehow killed me when I pulled down the cover.
Oh!
I don't mind saying for a constant thing, you know the note.
I'm going to lie my hair thinking, and the reaction is gonna be close.
The whole line of the teeth and fingers have a bad breath.
They're always like the same.
Brother Man, going to lie to my camera cause over pressure is too hard to handle now.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
More clip, louder.
I'm a bit scared about my camera.
Time's a bit.
Wow.
Okay.
Okay.
Oh, great.
Hey.
Hey y'all.
Oh, great.
Okay.
Okay.
Good night.
oree.
I'm going to keep going.
Thanks.
I got a chain end.
I've got a chain end.
Ooh.
Okay.
I couldn't say that.
Oh what?
We couldn't say it, oh!
hey, hey!
I'm going towards the ceiling to Sae.
I don't know how much is soеты trading with you.
But maybe it's that.
coming down the court's court and hope he's got good aim like Peter North.
Yes, getting real close.
See, I'm in a bad mistake this year, which wouldn't be the first time.
And that is, you know, when you get this close to Christmas and New Year's, you play
the rack for real.
You don't sit back here.
Oh, can we hear the bridge tender?
No.
No.
You know, come here, Jack in the box.
No.
No.
You know, because these idiots out there, they want to hear the same four or five things over
and over again.
Let them go off.
And let them call Steadow one and buy nuggets.
Neal's nuggets.
Okay.
Buy Neal's nuts.
And, you know, a couple of a few bucks per cent.
And one of which, by the way, our total is just astonishing.
And I thank profusely everybody, especially that Jim guy in Fort Lauderdale.
You think I should have used his name money or item of think so?
That's 10 grand yesterday.
Open up the mail and here's a check for 500 and the next one right after is $10,000.
So thank you, James, in Fort Lauderdale, your one hell of a guy.
But at any rate, $121,884 bucks and it still got the eight days to go.
So even though we're getting down to the bitter end, we're going to do well over 125 grand.
I will think which is not too shabby.
Especially, yes, since we're not doing all that great here, you know.
Paul, the trend came out yesterday.
I had a phone call at home.
I had my lunch at Mommy's.
Everything's going great.
Huh?
No, seriously, I'm in a real good mood.
Now, what do you all have to about this?
This is called management style.
This is Bluff Lindsay.
When you know nothing about sports, you know nothing about talk radio.
You don't basically know nothing about what you're doing.
You have to like, you know, they have played these little strategy games, little head games with people.
Like he did with you that time about, you know, the first time you didn't hour two on a year.
When I came up with a great idea of having you fill in vacation.
And then he said to you, well, you know, it was okay.
Both Greg and I still haven't decided.
It may be, you know, and it was a little weak and quite frankly you stuck to whatever it was that he said that made you feel like,
what is this man talking about?
I'm going to take it the wrong way.
Yeah, you took it the wrong way.
Well, oh, I got a great line for that.
But I'm not going to use it because I need the job.
But in any way.
So anyway, that's Blufflin's, he's management style.
And I understand through the grapevine, we're starting to find out that all the little underlings over there and the other building over in Sheridan Street.
This is the way he treats them.
Just when they think that they're doing really great and they're kicking ass and making everybody happy,
there's always a little stuch in there.
There's always like a little, so yesterday everything is going sensational.
I talked to a friend of mine who we thought might have had prostate cancer.
I told you about that, didn't I?
Well, I didn't tell you that.
Well, it's a scary thing, especially when your friend is like 29 years old.
And he goes to the doctor and he has to take a biopsy.
And you're like peeing in your pants like, isn't that a little bit too early to be croaking and stuff like that?
So it comes to mind out.
It was negative.
It's not nothing at all, etc. and so on.
I was in a great mood.
I was real happy about life and everything else.
Had a decent lunch at mommy's.
I bought her condo for her for my aunt.
Huh?
They approved your ass.
They approved my ass.
Yes, the condo.
Oh, you said you're a wonderful boy.
I said just cut the crap.
So everything was going to be in the phone rang and who was bluffing.
You are program director with the result of the trend yesterday, the ratings, which is two turrets of the fall book.
Now, first of all, let me just point this out.
See, these bozos over here, they really believed in their minds, in their hearts and their minds.
They really believed that once the dolphin, see people in this town, and of course the cost people made that mistake for many many years until they finally said, hey, you know, screw it.
Isn't that what they finally said?
I mean, they believe that putting the dolphin broadcast on here.
Now, yesterday my good friend Nick from Nick's to Garz was in here. Nick and Mike were here.
And he was telling me confiding in me, which I'll repeat on the year because it's very astonishing and makes me feel a lot better.
That 99.5% of the result he's getting from the station, which our spectacitor of the people going into his showrooms on there and buying all those great cigars are from the show.
They all mentioned Neil Rogers.
And that the dolphin advertising has been like flushing it down the toilet is what he said.
So, and granted, we can't compete with the dolphins in terms of like all that mail out there, you know, for that truck they're giving away.
We can't compete with that and we can't compete with a queue with a number of fart running ponies who turn into the games.
But as far as money making as far as day in and day out, year in and year out, it's no contest.
But there are people who really believe that this is going to goose the numbers way up there in the fallbook.
Oh, yeah, we got a fallbook that dolphins will bail us out. Did it bail us out?
No, I mean, we're doing okay here on QAM, considering of what we are, you know, kind of horse and buggy sports bar with the microphone.
But although I think when Reneerie starts in the mornings right after the new year, I think that's going to really goose us up again.
I think that we have something that makes sense.
Something that where people are getting some information, it'll be a little bit of news finding out what's going on in the world.
Besides, you know, Danny's great, Danny sucks, Jimmy's great, he's got a bad haircut.
He shouldn't have been here because his mother died, all this other crap.
Oh, by the way, Scott Melonby, no, it's not a neo-rodger thing or stuff about Stubborn.
If you'd read your newspaper, Scott, I know you're busy being captain and you got a family and it's Christmas and you're real busy.
You're a good guy.
But if Scott Melonby would read his sports sections in the newspaper, he'd find out that both of them, coincidentally, have everything the same in their day.
David J. Neil and Michael Russo have written exactly the same articles.
How do you like that?
Including the rumors about Stubborns.
By the way, do I want Stubborns back on the team?
No.
And I'll tell you why momentarily.
So anyway, eventually I'll get to the story about Bluff Lindsay and it's kind of like, you know, I always got to throw a little shot in there, you know, which I'll get to in a moment.
Are we doing bad on this show?
No.
Are we like kicking some serious ass here in midday?
No.
Yeah, we're doing pretty damn good.
Are we like doing in some demographics as much or more than both morning and afternoon drive combined?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, okay.
But I'll get to it.
He's got to give that little stuff in there because that's the management style of a program director who basically is like a lost child, you know.
Not really too familiar with what's going on here.
But that's okay. He's a good guy.
Never saw a freight train, not a bad guy.
He's just kind of a coolest.
Nine minutes after 10 at 560 WQF.
What's the lotion in the basket?
I'm going to get some lotion.
I'm going to get some lotion.
I'm going to get some lotion.
I'm going to get some lotion.
I'm going to get some lotion.
I'm going to get some lotion.
I'm going to get some lotion.
When you sent your foot to Sano, every year you wore the top and bottom.
And your foot size for jackals.
Five five jackals.
Five five jackals.
When they found you dead, a diamond gun.
Or they may hurt the yoga, maybe instead.
You quick to shell, cause you were gawd, you forced me to give rushes of the tetris mold.
Take a hat, hat, ball
Så ¡hanti mío !!
Divertoma be MUSIC
Jacob Lang Be now
道え
Jacob Lang
Jacob Lang
猫
OK 2014 is 5, 6 we'veırd two ms so guess what we got today
I just got too much material here. I'll never get caught up.
First of all, we did get had yesterday by somebody associated with
that little work over there.
What did I tell you? I was suspicious right off the bat when we got that supposed
spy report about how she was on here on Monday on stupid talk and then she resigned.
And you know, to try to get everybody all excited and tune in three o'clock.
So about three-fifteen after I got my call from Bluff, I took my little radio.
I turned it on over there on 940 on stupid talk and guess what?
Where she was and I listened for about ten seconds and I turned it right off my back to guiding light.
Much I will every afternoon. I mean, guess what, sweetheart?
If there was any doubt, I mean, if I happen to be in the car when this bitch is on any day,
I'll guarantee I'll have hang on so loud the speakers will be blasting,
which I listen to hang going home every day anyway.
And if I have the road to the bank, to the store, to the toilet, whatever in between,
I go in the car and I'm listening to hang.
In fact, I haven't heard Rick and SUDds twice during the time that I,
the year that we've been on the station. Not because I don't like Rick and SUD,
but I enjoy hearing Hank when those gamblers aren't calling in.
And I, you know, except for in the morning, I listen to this station.
I don't even think about turning on that station.
In addition to which when I did turn over to her, she's going on about the,
well, run and run. I don't know. They're not in the air anymore and they weren't really running.
And so obviously she's involved in another one of these radio groupies,
terminal boring coma inducing and I shut it up.
And you know that's one of those idiots for me to Orlando or from Tampa.
And for those, but the benefit of those of you people listening out there right now,
which we have many of those people, some of you may be nice people.
I kind of have my doubts, but you may be nice people.
But nevertheless, nobody does anybody down here want to hear about blah,
blast hitter.
No, anybody want to hear about, you know, what's going on at run and run and
freaking the Tampa radio. No, we don't care. We didn't care before.
We don't care now. Most of the people here do they even know who those people are?
I step for Ron and no. No.
So what's that all about? Sweetheart. So she's, I mean, what a,
and wait till you hear these numbers by the way. Like I said, I got so much stuff.
Wait till you hear the great John Ford. I guess it's off the year now.
Nice going there, John.
Here I thought nobody could outdo Mr. Ego. Okay.
In terms of putrid, unbelievable numbers. So fractional that would take
him out. Palomar telescope to see their ratings. And John Ford, he did it.
And just when Rick and Tudds were starting to build up a little steam and
give Hank a little competition there in the afternoon. Guess what?
Pete Bouldier as usual. He shoots himself into foot. Nice going, Pete.
But George says you are perfect.
Like the judge that says about the, you know, the most perfect little
hunter back he's ever seen in his life.
Pete Bouldier is the perfect program director. He's never, ever been right.
He's never had a success. He's never done anything made any move that made any sense.
As he...
No.
So come on. Here's another one for you, Pete. Why do the other foot? There you go.
Just like Joe Pesci would say. Do a little dance.
Wait till you find out those numbers there at that morning show.
So at any rate, I'm all over the place here. So she's going to just when Rick and
Tudds starting to build some momentum. We're going to schlep them back in the mornings to make
sure that they failed big time. Do you have no clue what you're doing over there, Mr.
No clue? Is there anybody in town who doubted that?
Oh, of course not.
Of course, how can anybody take the time to learn and study the numbers and really get a
grasp, grasp grasp on what's going on when there are too many stabbing everybody in the back
and hiring people with tired kingdom? I come into work this morning. I have never noticed
that place of quiet. It's right across from our building here. I'm 441. There's the
entire kingdom. Wouldn't it be something if it turns out that Brooke, Babbling Brooke and Pete
Boldier were getting their tires done or their rubber chains or whatever they were doing over there?
And that's where they had the conversation. Oh, by the way, hi, Brooke. You want to come to work?
Yeah, yeah, okay. We can't hire anybody. By the way, we don't care if we can't find anybody
stupid enough to produce your show for somebody who wants to work with you. Okay?
If you saw a comic face with your jockey. I'm curiously, like the guy said yesterday,
he was great. He was right on target. He should be the PD over there. Nobody wants to hear some
obnoxious, jappy, New York, Yanta, sounding broad on the radio. Nobody wants to hear that.
And I don't care how much they're sucking her ass the first couple of days back. She's a poor
man, Randy Rhodes, which Randy isn't knowing enough as it is, but at least she's who she is.
But this broad comes in here pretending that she never heard Randy. She don't know from Randy.
And she does exactly that same jappy routine on the radio, scratching. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
that stuff. Nobody does anybody want to hear it? No, of course not.
And at a time when airbie day part on that station went in the toilet in this last trend and
Rick and suds were the only ones that went up. What do they do? They yanked them off and
Pete Bolger puts them in the morning. And I'll put her in the afternoon. That'll really go
slow. Tap the numbers up. She'll give John Ford a run for his money. Remember, they don't care
about numbers at Clear Channel. Well, that's obvious. Then they ought to be real happy then.
Maybe that's why Rhonda was peeing all her hair and leg up at the track that night. Oh,
we would love to have you back. But yeah, right. And at the time I was thinking, okay,
well, that was the time that Norm Kent was negotiating my release from this play.
Unbeknownst to me. Well, you know, he's got a lot of time on his hands, I guess, you know,
price of weed is going well. Yeah. So anyway, we got a Furby. And we thank the people of Albertsons
over there at Oakland Park. Well, why should I thank him? They give two of them to kiss.
So, you know, evidently, they don't like kiss that. It's okay. But anyway, so Sam is going to take
the QA and Van up there. And we're going to auction off. They did one for a kiss this morning,
which now is that for some of Fox's rehab or was that for charity? The 800 bucks they raised.
But seriously, they auctioned off one of the Furby's 800 bucks they got for that ugly,
grotesque little thing this morning. So we got a virgin Furby that Sam is going to be auctioning off
right up there in the Albertsons parking lot. We'll let you know when he gets there. Of course,
along with all our other best and eel stuff in case does anybody want that? No. No. Okay, well,
like we said, you'll get the Furby because I mean, I can't match up to that, especially with these
marginal numbers. Am I ever going to get to that damn phone call from Duff? I started at 20 minutes
ago. Well, I got a lot of stuff here. I'm wound up like a guy, damn alarm clock. Plus, you look at
the phone board. There's not a call on there. They're not going to talk to us today. Doesn't make
any difference if the phone is the phone working. I thought we just just check, you know, after yesterday
is a horrendous experience. I don't care if they call it or not because like I said, I'm playing
everything from art to z, where everything in between. It's the holidays. That's what I used to do
at this time of the year. But when you're off for seven months and getting paid and got a big smile
on your face, you forget about stuff like that. So anyway, after all this other traumatic stuff
happens yesterday and everything turns out great and I'm sitting there with a real smile on my face.
I look at the stock market as going up and guiding light, what's your name? Dynas got her face
is getting worse by the day and I'm saying, you deserve it. And the phone rings in its
Bluffland Z, our program director. While here's the trends, you know, we were pretty much flat.
The station was flat and you know, we did a sort of three-o to a three-o over and they started to
give me numbers. And he's given me numbers from the summer book to this trend, which quite frankly
have nothing to do with each other, by the way. You go from trend to trend or from last year's
book to this year's book. That's how it works, Bluff. But I don't want to get technical with you, okay?
So anyway, to make a long story short, persons 12 plus, which is the entire audience, we went from a
4.5 in the last trend to a 4.4. You can't get much flatter than that. And considering that, let's see,
Hank's got a 2.6. What on the hand in the morning drive in 12 plus? He asked. Well, let me take a
puke at that. Is it on the first page? No. Second page? No. Okay, so I hang, the morning they got a 2, 2,
Hank's got a 2, 6, so they got a 4, 8. And we have a 4, 4 from 10 to 3, which means we got about
a 4, 8 here from 10 to 2. So we're doing as much as the two drive times combined. So we're doing
pretty good here. In fact, if you extrapolate 10 to 2, we're number 3 in the entire market and 12 plus,
which is astonishing because the only other English language, AM, is not even on the second,
you have to go down to INZ with a 3.1. That's 12 plus total audience. And by the way, 25 to 54,
midday, they took a big dump. So anyway, then he goes on about 18 to 34. Now keep in mind,
those of you who are not radio people, but I've tried to train you over the years, 18 to 34 is like
FM, like Zeta and the power and the big, that's not our demographic. There is an AM station in America
that's really all that concerned with 18 to 34, although we really usually do pretty good on this show.
As a matter of fact, here it is midday, 18 to 34. Back in the summer book, we had a 4.9,
4.9 share, which for an AM station is astonishing. But it kind of bounces around because it's an
aerodemographic and goes up and goes down. It's always been that way on this show. So we went from a
4.4 in the last trend in that demographic to a 3.4. And Doug says to me in the middle of telling me
about how we were pretty much flattened the other demographics, we were still number one in men,
although down a little bit, in this demographic, he's well, he went from a 4.9 in the book to a 3.4.
That's not good for sales. And at that point, I just about dropped the phone on the floor,
because first of all, do we sell 18 to 34? No. Is there anybody in this, buys this radio station,
looking for 18 to 34? No. Is there one client that buys WQAM for 18 to 34 audience? No.
Of course, we ordinarily pay almost no attention to that demographic. It's not our league, it's not our
thing. But he had to throw that in there. And now I'm discovering that this is part of his management
stuff, that there has to be a little, sometimes subtle, not too subtle, put down in there for everybody
to make him feel a little bit better about himself. Like he's the boss. Do you understand?
This is the management style. Even though we all know he knows nothing. He's got no background in
sports whatsoever. We wouldn't know what guy they have hockey puck from his rectum. He has no background
in talk radio. And like I said, he's a good guy. This isn't personalist business, but there's always
got to be like a little stoke in there to make you feel like, ah, a little nervous. Am I nervous
today? No. I don't think so. I've been doing this a long time. And quite frankly, these numbers
suit me just fine. We're doing a 5.1, 10 to 3 midday, 2554, which means we're doing almost a six
year, which I would say on this guy, they have horse and buggy stations, especially after following
that morning show. Oh, God. I think that's pretty good. Because you'll notice, you sit in there every day,
you notice, unlike the old IOD every day we sit here. It's like I'm talking to myself. I have to
generate my own audience. I would just out of curiosity. I'd like to hear from some people real quick,
okay? This morning, who listened to the worst team? Is there anybody out there who listens to the
new rock? Because I know there's crossover between me and Hank because a lot of people mention that.
But the worst team, I mean, Hank is doing fine. The worst team, that's the chicken in the wood
pile. Not personal again. I like all of us to even gildy. They're personally, they're okay, even him,
but that show could use a lot of work. Oh, I guess it's a move point now with Reneerie coming on.
And maybe that's the problem. Maybe the fact that they haven't seen the error of their ways.
I mean, you can only hear so much about Gator football and some 12-year-old kid with a great
arm in teoria. And it gets a little bit ponderous. You know what I'm saying? Boy, do I have a lot of
stuff today, man? I got a lot of territory and only three hours and 35 minutes to cover. We'll let
you know where Sam's going to be with the van, by the way. And no riots, please. Okay? We don't
want to be responsible for any aberrant behavior. We'll do an auction up there. They got 800 bucks
for kiss for sunny foxes rehab, which I think is pretty damn, you know, nice, pretty white of whoever
came up with that cash. So we can raise some serious money for a center one. And maybe we'll just
use this for somebody else's rehab in this building. Since evidently, there seem to be a lot of
people in this building, AMFNPM or whatever, who need rehab. Oh, too bad. I missed that Christmas
party last night, George. But you know something? I'm sure I'm sure that bluff and some others in
this organization are happy. I wasn't at the Christmas party because I would have heard even more
stories that I'm not supposed to hear about. Yeah, see that's another part of the deal. Everybody is
always warned. Oh, don't let Neil find out about that because he'll put it on the ear.
See, if somebody tells me something in confidence and says, don't repeat this, I never repeat it.
I've always been that way. But if I find out something that, you know, always has no relevance in
terms of confidentiality, I'll be glad to put it on here because the audience likes that crap.
They like the juicy stuff is what they like. A juicy crap. Anybody out there have any juicy
orders to craft today? Oh boy. What am I so wound up for here today, huh? 10, 20, I don't know.
It must be that bluff Lindsey guy. Yeah, not good for sale. Oh, oh, yeah, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'll try harder.
I'll try better. I'll try to sound younger. Hey, how you doing? Everybody is boot shopping with
a rocket roll sport. Hey, 10, 26 and 560 WQ. Hey, Brian, are you happy? I hate to be out
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
That's 31 tough climbing anymore and home by the way Brook never called me and lose my number it's not that I dislike you or do I like you? I don't know you and do I want to know you no, I don't so I don't. So and he has to forget about it. So anyway, why do you hear these numbers man these numbers for the worst the what are they call? Oh, yeah, the worst team. So look at us. I mentioned. Do we have anybody? Listen to this show? He listens to the worst team. What if I got three?
calls on it which is who are already on there. Miami, hello. Miami. Nail. Yes, sir. Yes,
can I call someone? Yeah, okay. Look at him here. Here's a candle. Hello. Nail. Yes,
sir. Happy holidays. And back to you. I listen to the last call. Pardon? I said, how
you doing? I'm doing fine. How are you? Great. I listen to the worst team for about two
seconds and tell you that that's guilty. Yeah. My ear drum is just burst. Okay. And that
week, week, week. If you want to go, go, go. Is it the week that makes you want to go? Yeah.
Okay. Have a good one. Thank you. Bye. Okay. There's our survey right there. I think that's
something that I'm pretty well, which is probably why when you're going to be on the station,
not that I want to get in a fair with programming. But I mean, you know, when you're following a dead
air for four hours, it's a little bit under difficult side. I wish those guys all well. I hope
they all come down land on their feet. I understand that we're going to be putting a depot in the G.A.
He'll come out. Okay. Here's a mobile and four-lotterdale. Hello. Nail. Yes, sir. It's Christmas and I
need to construct my scenes early. Yeah. I do listen to them. That's first thing. Oh, yeah.
But you're still better than them. I mean, obviously, there's no comparison. There's no question
about that. The ratings show it. The numbers tell it even though the ratings are off in bogus.
They show very clearly beyond a shadow of a doubt. I mean, I'm more people listening in any five
minute segment than they've got listening all morning. But that's beside the point. I don't want
to dwell on that. Do I? But no, that's not just the idea that I'm not really at all that confident.
I've never had the feeling in the year that we've been here, which in a week it'll be one year,
one week from the day next Wednesday, one week from the day, our one year anniversary.
I'll take all the gift. I'll print all the money you got.
Boy, a year that we've been in this thing down here. And you know, something I think we're going
to discover once we move upstairs, if and when that ever happens, that being down here wasn't really
also bad. You know, I'm talking about. I think you do. So anyway, can I just interject these amazing
numbers when you are you better? If you're on the road, pull off the side of the road right now,
pull over to the curb. Okay. You are not prepared. You aren't ready. This is on a 50,000 watt station
right smack in the middle of the dial. That morning show that they put the anxious John Ford on there.
What is he? He's a monster. He's a talent. A creative monster. Ever seen him? He looks like a
monster to me. Persons 25 to 54, which is our target demo here on these AM stations. Bluff.
I could say I'm sorry. 25 to 54 is the morning show on a stupid talk network on the first page.
No. Is it on the second page? No. Is it on the third page? No. No, the worst theme is on the third
page. It went from a 2.8 in the last run to a 2.5. A little or not. And that's what then the dolphins
now. That's two months into the dolphin in the fall book. That was supposed to like put this station
way up there on top. Did it work? No. Let's see. We're looking for W.I. and Z, the stupid talk on the
fourth page is it on the fourth page? No. Wow. Woo. And way down to the bottom of page number five,
Cinco, Kingway. W.I. and Z. Now keep in mind in the summer book when I think Mr. Ego was still on.
When did this of Bozo Golan here in the morning? When did John Ford go on in there? About three, four
months ago? Something like that. Yeah. So at any rate in the summer when there was mostly Mr. Ego
1.1, which is embarrassing at best on a station with that kind of a signal, but nevertheless,
at least over one share. And August, September, October, which is the next to see all the trends are
three rolling months. You know, that's how it works. It went from a 1.1 to a 0.9. And now in this latest
trend that came out yesterday, September, October, November, stupid talk, 50,000 watts. The John Ford
Joe Reston piece went from a 0.9. The previous trend to a 0.6. A 0.6 on a 50,000 Fing watt radio station
right in the middle of the dial owned by a company that owns J4 and Clear Channel and more stations
and money that God and Jesus and Moses and Adler's Goal put together. Speaking of Adler's Goal,
that basically what the audience was saying in a chorus, we wouldn't spit on the best part of
them. Much less listen. Let me say it again. A 0.6. Middays, Dr. Lauren Lardas, they went down to a
precipitous 1.7 25 to 54 in midday. And the only bright shining light on that station in this
last trend was Rick and Puts. Now, Hank had a 3.0 and 2554 in the midday. And they came from a 2.3
in the last trend to a 2.8 right on Hank's big fat ass that was Rick and Sud hovering ready to
attack. The only bright spot on that whole stupid talk station was Rick and Puts there with a 2.8
year in midday. Are they still in midday? No. After the new year when they come back from their
vacation or finding a new job, which I wish them luck either of the above, they're going back
to mornings again, which they hate mornings, which everybody knows, including them that they're
and it's going to be like, although they will, I predict right now they'll do better than a 0.6 in the
morning. Now, seriously, don't you think that they'll do better than a 0.6? I mean, they're not
going to do like the 2.8. Damn it. Well, but I mean, that's just the way it is. What's the spread
on that bed? Yeah, that ed Kaplan's going to be giving a 0.8 spread on that. The overs and the
unders. The under is the 0.6 and anything over will be a big improvement, but I don't think it'll be
too much over. So there you go with those. The story, the tale of the numbers, the tale of a
program director who is perfect as George says he's the perfect jackass. He never gets it. He
continues making mistake after mistake after mistake after mistake, after mistake, taking people
have failed miserably or hated like poison by the audience and put it back on again and again and
again. Did you like her before? No, you would be like her this time. No chance. Would you like her
in the midnight? No. Would you like her if she came to your home and gave you a wax job on your
rectum? The answer is no. Still no. So maybe that's why they don't write about radio in this
market. Maybe jikas got a point. Maybe what that was there to write about? The same old tired
revolving door spinning and spinning around owned by like three or four bogus horse ball companies
that don't ever be god damn station in this market. Creativity, oh, we don't want to pay anybody,
but let's get somebody real creative in here like you know, Greg Oh and Pupo and Pupo and Mike
Church and Joe Church and Joe Johnson and all these other people right? Sorry Joe. Sorry Joe Johnson.
He's okay. He was at the hockey game doing one of those other things. By the way, I think it's
official. We got Washington caps tonight. We got the Tampa Bay up over there on a weekend and I think
after this, they're going to take your capitalize in my idea that I came up with yesterday of
eliminating the game altogether and just having a you know, Gary Glitter, we're going to go out there,
we got the Pantipotrull, we're going to be slinging at the little blimp, we're going to have 10 little
blimp, drop and crap in there and now you don't have to worry about standing up and locking in
anybody's view. Everybody bringing a cell phone will talk to each other. Hey, how you doing over there
in 142? All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The best idea in the history of the human race saved that
bald headed Pockmark piece of crap, 31 million dollars. I won't take up a clutch and we'll take
care of our friends like Ray Whitney and those guys. 21 before 11 is 560 WQAM. I have a lot of other
hockey stuff too, which I know that makes most of you crazy, but there's two bars. They had a lot of
spend too much time on it, but I have many of comments to make about that. Do we want to do back? No,
of course not. Of course not. And now Brian Murray, when it makes no sense to even talk about
getting him back. Now Brian Murray, oh, maybe he's the guy. Here's the guy that hated him in the first
place. Oh, yeah, maybe he's the guy that we ought to bring back. Let's have a midget team. Let's
bring back all the little guys. I hate to break the news to you, Brian. We already got a guy in
that was number 14 who's more consistent and a better player than Stubarn. Oh, man. 20 before 11
and 560 WQAM. It's like the lotion in the basket.
Feels like he never skated. It's a shame that's two was traded, but I guess that's just the way
the story goes. Why they traded to away will never know. That's really
efficient. We can feel any more than hebone
to the day they said he's me安 a
feats butler Harrison Be fix
the rest of the show. He could
tell
mating
We can't leave, there's no way we can go, we can't move.
We can't swim, we can't swim anymore.
This friend who gets on the mat with a man is a great shot.
He's a great shot.
He's a great shot.
He's a great shot.
We got four.
We got four.
We got four.
We got four.
We got four.
We got four.
We got four.
We got four.
We got four.
We got four.
We got four.
We got four.
We got four.
We got four.
Again, I think today there's no waterfronts.
The scissors can't hide ever.
The scissors can't hide ever.
If we climb up, it's a huge part of our紫, it's not겼ing.
If we climb the sandstorm, pouring rain down the edge of the mountain,
nobody hits us out we don't know the words.
Who wasn't that whatever whatever the hell that mean well guess what Robert Lange is playing on it line and covalet
But he's got nothing to do with it. Okay, and Barnes playing on the fourth line
Stuy is lost interest. He's streaky. He's not playing well if you watch them last night in a coma toast lost three nothing last night the penguins
They're right in a coma and as much as I like Stuy when he's having a good year and he was very productive here
How many small players can you have on the same team? Is there anybody who can envision a power play with Dinosys or Rally
Ray Whitney and Stu Barnes and maybe Dave Gagne to us. Let's have a mid-July, huh? Let's have all little tiny guys out there at a
Politicoot
So when we needed to keep him and needed to keep the chemistry of the team intact and needed to keep a guy like Marty Strachle
We didn't do it now they want to go into reverse and somebody factions me an idiotic another brilliant column here from some Jack
Asher writes in Palm Beach who obviously knows nothing about hockey Murray working to write or wrong get Barnes back
By Brian something rather it's a bad fact so I can't even read the name on here
But whoever is this Brian guy he's an asshole. Oh, yeah
Right or wrong and brings Stewie back and here's the this and then I mean you know what I rather have Stewie then Chris Wells of course
But I mean that's not the solution for the problems of this team. They need some guys some size guys
I thought Brian was a size queen. I thought he liked the big guys now he wants to have a midget team
Here's a facts by the way that says yesterday Brooke Daniels went to her first call and the caller said it puts the lotion in a basket
I left my ass off says the facts are by the way this facts. I'm looking on the on the address on here on top
It's from clear channel communications is where it's from it's an inside job
It says it was the only time I was entertained during her show and most likely the last ps nobody will work with her
Nobody will work with that
ps John Ford all of the door knob hit you in the ass oops it already did is what it said from clear channel on the inside no less
How do you like that from their very own facts machine over there right down the street?
So guess what Brooke?
They hate you like poison, okay?
Well, you remember the great now who was it that who was your board off at one time?
Who is a good guy whoever the hell it was Steve?
Steve knows ring all like I said he's a very good guy now
He's a good guy's okay, so you don't want to look at him too long
But Steve knows he was alright never stole a freight train and all her failures were his fault
You know that was the problem my producer right and put a show together for me today like like he's supposed to like like every day
Would I come in the morning so okay George what do we got today? Well today you're gonna bitch about your mother
Yeah, right. Oh, yeah, my mother she had she made the chicken soup of the blind
She said oh you look like Randy Rhodes and I said no, I don't I just wax my a thing and
The wax was burning hot then I had a oh god, man. Oh man. It's it's really sad
Okay, I'm looking at these phones here today lines are open
I mean I'm prepared to play the rack today and tomorrow and the next week right up
He'll new years because so I understand you're very very busy especially now
I do get that although I think that the worst team if they were looking at this phone right now
They'd say wow this isn't a real good testimonial if they're gonna save our jobs on here because the day lines are all wide open
5 6 7 0 5 60
Pop 5 60 on a mobile one line as we search for crossover here on this station. Do we have any crossover no?
Here's a mobile in Jupiter. Hello
Leo yes, sir
I listen to the first team for about 20 minutes from six to six 20
Yeah, you learn all you need to know you know you know another scores of what happened yesterday right and
They say for the first time what they're gonna repeat for the next four hours
Uh-huh, I have the little contrived controversy since and then I go to Bob and Tom Bob and Tom
I've flown choice by the way. I love Bob and Tom
Rick and such a great. I wish they stay on the afternoon
But yeah, they let me ask you this when you have to choose between Bob and Tom and Rick and suds
Which which show you're gonna be listening to?
That'll probably lead more towards Bob and Tom. Damn it
Yeah, hey
Brooke was on the air yesterday. She called the IOD and she got the voicemails and you still have a voicemail box in there just like she does
Yeah
They she played it on the air if you want to leave a message for Neil or whatever you know. Oh
I said hey, brook. I don't work there anymore. Sweetheart. Don't work there shameless request. Yes, sir
Young meal. Okay. Have a great holiday no chance
Okay, now we're cooking baby now we're smoking we got 400 lines of left the phone works today by the way
You're passing then passing thank you so much our close personal friends at Bells out there or whatever you're calling yourself this week
Here's the mobile in tempered pine. Hello
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir happy holiday and back to you happy new year happy your Christmas happy Hanukkah
Yeah, um happy. I just want to I want to add to the I'm on I drive a truck for living
So I put the road all day and
Yeah, so I've been listening to you for years and I do listen to the show in the morning
Why we want it a lot there you go. Here's the guy that's not embarrassed to listen to the first thing
Oh, okay, I didn't listen to him today
The only person on that show and I'm not it's not taking a personal shot is guilty. Yeah, does not have a face for radio
Uh-huh, the kid needs to be somewhere else. I hear that he's got a radio, but other than that. Yeah, well, you know, it's
Like I said, you know, I listen to there's nothing else to listen to on the radio
So I listen to that. I don't know if I'll be listening to Rick and Fred though now that they're back on mornings
Yeah, sometimes you're gonna have to think about long and hard. Yeah, hey, Neil. Yes, sir forget about two barns
We should have never got rid of Marty struck right he was the guy on the team
Yeah, maybe you know something and we can't go backwards
I mean if this is their strategy now to try to pacify the fans by bringing back two barns like I said
We've already got a guy where is number 14 who's more consistent and a better player than stew barns and a couple of years younger than stew barns
We don't need any more little guys on this team. I mean what's the point? Yeah, I agree I agree all
Well, I figure if we you know with the guys that we have on the team if we get some gold pending we should be alright
Okay, okay, have a nice holiday. I'm gonna keep saying that okay
We have two open lines in Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
We got the caps tonight baby Hank will be on from shulas into a clock. We got Josh Friedman Josh Friedman
Usually at the six and then at seven o'clock
We got the pregame show with your favorite gelly and then the game seven thirty tonight
Be sure and turn that radio all the way down in the no volume position
It'll be on our sports channel tonight or better you come out to the Macarena the Washington caps should be easy pickins
I predicted a big path or victory tonight or else okay the caps are in a coma. They're a horrendous team
They're all banged up. They got orange reason the whole rest of the league put together. They're just ready for the
Pickens so let's go out there and kick some serious ass tonight and just say no to this crazy stew barn business
I don't get it makes no sense to me. They want to unload him now and so we're gonna go in there taking back
Just because Pittsburgh wants to get rid of him in his salary
Here's a sunrise
Push put your finger on that button. Okay. I'm sorry. Here's sunrise. Hello
Yes, I am a little brother like this report for you. Yeah, you look at this ad on seven a as a son sent no no
It's from the adjuice for Jesus just have to quote the Jews for freaking Jesus have an ad
Page 70 yeah, gotta quote the
My god, I can't believe it holy Christ
The old holy place was born in the Middle East. Yeah, let's face it every one of them is a sinner
It's like a piece of yeah
I'm scared I need to share that with you. I'm kind of surprised you didn't see that already
Testimony book Jews for Jesus and the oh and four did you notice they have the oh replaced by a star of David
Okay, I'm for Jesus. Oh my god
Copy
Okay, send off for one for me. I'll do that thing. Thank you. God bless you
I
Glium for Yusky. How do you like that?
Jews for Jesus is like a Jews for Hitler, you know, it's like liberals for
Jesse Helms
Somewhere along the line. I just can't quite put the two together a whole page ad in here
If you want to know God's reasons you must read the book
He has given through the Jewish people the Bible the Bubba Mysy is consisting about his commonly called the Old Testament and the New
Testament was mostly written by the Jews. Oh, boy
The great writers were all Jews. I didn't know Gorf and I was Jewish
Oh, well, they just they just never stopped through there the crazy I told you this for years the crazy people are the religious
Not sir the crazy people just take a look in Congress right now take a look at what's going on to your Republican party the crazy people have made it basically
Disappeared poof
1056 at 560 WQ
The meal Roger show now on 560 WQ a.m. Miami Fort Lauderdale
Holy mackerel. This is Joe Bo on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
It's not Evian. It's no peria
It's not even tap water
Taste like
It is
The new bottle water the taste like piss because it is
You're in for a tree the new bottled piss water
The next time you want to quit your first take a piss all right
Piss water from kidney bottled in company golden shower Colorado word for it
Oh
1115 60 WQ M happy holidays very Christmas happy new year happy
Genoke even though I have a still doing that menorah by the way on guiding light. Nobody tell them it's over by the way
Doing a menorah they got Jews in Springfield out in the middle west all of a sudden this little bimbo who looks about his Jewish is my golden retriever
All of a sudden she's a Jew poof you're maybe she's a Jew for Yashki that could be it
Open line of day one and Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty out of 18 T wireless line so far
We've discovered four people who listen to the worst team three of them for ten seconds and one guy who wasn't embarrassed to admit it
But he's waiting for Rick and suds or something like that
Here's Hollywood hello
Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir? No, Neil. You're high ratings only proves how many more lawns you're out there and waiting like you right
Like me. I'm not like me. Yeah, like you you're listening
You're listening right aren't you listening? How could you be calling me if you want listening?
You listen every single day of your life
What is it I'm conversing with an idiot. Yeah, why is that why did you do you have no life you have no life?
You have no life
Then how come you're wasting your time talking to an idiot I usually always my time talking to you if there's proof of it right there
Look at that I don't waste my time talking it is because no question about it after the first muffled words with the sock over
Is push you could tell he's an asshole right?
Two open lines a day. I mean how many time years have I been telling that as soon as somebody calls any talks
You're not just this one and starts attacking though you're the worst you're an idiot you're boring
You're whatever you are. It's not a commentary about me. You're entitled to your opinion
It's a commentary about you and the fact that you wouldn't even call to tell me that does anybody who listens care
What you think why care what you think of course not?
Of course not and you're trying to rationalize in your own mind even as you're listening like you do every moment every day
That I'm on you're trying to rationalize in your mind that there must be some horrible reason that all these people keep listening and all the success
I'm having well guess what they like it. Okay?
They like it everywhere I go. I'm getting a gaseous to the at the mobile station over there in Hollywood
I go in there young guy opens up the door. I pay the guy the thing. I walk. I hate by the way, and you look your show
How do you like that?
Never I would know this guy from from Jesus. Okay from Moses or this other jerk that just called which by the way
I take that back because you know, this was a good guy at the gas station
They're all listening pal and believe me these numbers that are out there now
They're pretty much the same year after you know if there's any show in town that's underrated that doesn't get the numbers
It's just just like this guy
Do you think that if this guy who just called me got a couple of arbitrarian rob diaries in the mail for his family
He's gonna put down. He's listening to this show
No, he's gonna tell the truth even though he's much more moral than I am is you're gonna tell the truth first not
How many thousands of people do you think we have out there listening like that in that category who hate me like poison and pretend
They don't listen, but they're hanging on every guy demo in fact this guy probably everybody he talks to this week
He's gonna say it puts the lotion in the basket. Yeah, that's right. That's what he's gonna be in fact. Maybe that's what he's doing right now
By the way, it needs an asterisks
Here's a mobile in Cooper city. Hello. Good morning. Neil. How are you? Great?
You know, just think if you got the promotion for your show
We're all listening to you Neil. Yeah, everybody the whole town listen to this show
I know that and then as soon as I start telling this guy. Oh, no, no
Well, how can the answer be no if he's listening and calling me?
How can he have a how can he have a life especially two days before Christmas?
This guy is calling me pretend he's got a life to tell me how about how he more I am and how I suck and what a
Commentary does on a community that people are listening even though he's listening
Yeah, what what if somebody knows that jackass who the hell would call you and wait for 15 to 20 minutes to tell you you suck
He's gonna make no sense. Yeah, well
I do suck and I'm proud of it. I listen to the first team off and on basically because there's nothing else on at that time
Yeah, I like I like the guys on the on the worst team that the colors are the problem on the worst team
It's the same colors and the same old crap
Well, I you know, I suggested that not that I want to stick my nose in the programming
But one of our meetings we had here a couple of months ago
I suggested why not get rid of those calls on the morning show the colors are the worst in fact that you know
I'll listen to Hank in the afternoon going home and he's rolling along and I'm laughing and getting whatever I'm and then all of a sudden the
Calls to hey, Hank, what are your thoughts give me your thoughts on that the ish for me
If salante game tonight who do you like and right away?
I'm just puking my gut side. You know the colors on this station on these sports shows are the worst
Neil did you say Bob and Tom are gonna be on the air and into down here? No, they're on and Palm Beach
The rest of you can't get down here. I can't get them down
I I'll listen to Rick and Sus in the morning. Oh, that's that's why I'm in the truck. Yeah
There's their mediocre, but but they're okay. They're bad. I'm asking else. Yeah, and if I make a request. Yes, sir
Anything as Clint Eastwood with the beaver and double B and big Jim big bush bags and double B give my wife a raise so I can retire
Okay, Merry Christmas. He'll give us something and back to you. Okay. We have an open line in a day two and brow
It's fine. You're terrible. That's why I'm listening to you right now
You're terrible. You're immoral. You're disgusting. You're grotesque. You're a no-talent piece of crap
You're a faggot. You're a Jew. You're fat. You're old all of it, but I'm listening and I'm calling you right now
Stop and think of the logic in that. I mean the idea that somebody is that worked up to a frenzy that he would take the time out of his
Busy worthwhile life to call and share that with us. It's so sweet and so wonderful
It enriches my life more than I can begin to tell you
God damn it
Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
Nail yes
I wanted to talk you about the airlines
American Airlines. Yes, has an embargo on boxes going to Cayman and to Haiti but not to Jamaica
We go to the airport with my son who lives in Grand Cayman. What do you mean they have an embargo on box?
Yeah, you can't take you can't load your stuff in a box and take it to the Cayman Islands or Haiti my son can't afford a
Piece of luggage, so he was told that he couldn't take his box down there with all his stuff
Well, what do you mean he can't afford a piece of luggage? What does that mean? Does that mean money?
Well, why don't you give him some money about how about his Christmas time by my bag?
He spends all his money on win surfing equipment. Oh, I will buy him a
Samsung
Are you curious? Well, no, I think it's more ridiculous that you're so cheap you won't buy your son a freaking Samsung
I'd beg come on go out there if I have a bag and put the crap get out of here
Talk about cheap. He's not gonna work in airlines because they don't want a bunch of big bulky boxes all over the
God damn play. I can't deal with people that bring a bunch of you know people get on to playing your sitting
There are first class you've been the first ones on the plane you're sitting there reading your book enjoying your diet
So whatever you're drinking and now here come the schleppers on the plane and they're all dragon
They're all their whole life is on the plane with them. They're schlepping surfboards and they're schlepping bags and they're
Shlepping fishing wheels and rods and I mean, you know, you're on a plane, okay?
Well, we had to go away for the whole weekend. Yeah, right
They went away for like two days and they're bringing five years worth of crap onto the plane and the excuse them for taking up all the
Overhead space and delaying the flight for like a half an hour while they're adjusting their lives
Open line and Tade two and Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
By the way, Merry Christmas and happy New Year to that asshole that called a couple of calls ago by the way
Hope you have a wonderful holiday sir
It's part of the fact that everybody hates you like poison and you're miserable and disgusting and have no life
We hope you have a wonderful year
May it be a may it be a prosperous in the last year for you
Eight minutes after 11 at 560 WK if you had that by the way thanks again to my good friend Bruce Davidson a Don Green Pohl for you know Polaka
I didn't realize how much was in that boxy brought yesterday speaking of what's in the box man
brought me a
Crap load a case of my Tyson season beef strips
I went home and opened up that box and I was putting stuff away in that freezer that freezer is loaded baby
It is whole so you haven't tasted this stuff yet wait till you find out how good it is mister
Even for a little hot black you're gonna. We enjoy especially good at cheese melted on there. I mean good stuff
It's just these guys nicked and suds and whatever the heck it is and the people I call in
They're just like them like that they were on the what caught the weed and they're high and
I'm in a terrible
The years that I've been looked at listen up to 610 and MS here
oh
Oh
Was
well
Damn
no
There is silver red in his wszystship.
There is aенс.
Tear the rage and so flack!
What hisи pià
Did i see?
Alone waitz
One minute!
And in more L.D.'s all is lit.
You're alive.
You're alive.
In grace, man.
There is nothing to do.
There is nothing burden.
You aren't feeling quite right.
Lay your face, turn on white.
Oh, thank you.
You try to lose.
You lose, you hellless.
Good bye to you.
Well, the day has come forever.
I'll stay with you until I'm alive.
The day of the recovery.
Every night I'm at home.
And I'm watching TV.
I have to sit through all his dumb movies and listen to them.
Well, the day of the recovery.
Whenever the day of the recovery is now over.
But as I watch his flakes,
and I look at all those chicks,
I wish I knew if they flew.
I wish I knew if they flew.
Oh, I wish I knew if they flew.
I wish I knew if they flew.
They don't have this.
Another 16 is 560.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
The milk content.
I wish I knew if they flew.
The milk content.
Yeah, I had somebody, you know, requested and I'm requesting it to you.
Okay, I'll find it for you.
Now, do something in between all those noise-making sound effects.
Do what?
Do something in between the noise-making sound effects.
Yeah.
Your chick fantasies.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Keep a smile on your face and play it for me.
Okay.
All right.
All right.
Okay, have a happy in Cape Cod.
Say, how do the Kennedy's?
It's one of the best of us.
And it's also an ACN thing would be easier to find it that way.
Okay, one more place.
Oh.
It's on one of these.
Positive, because I have a real good memory.
Okay, she wants cats in the kettle.
Which, of course, ought to be in there, but for some strange reason is not.
Maybe if we had only like 400 hours in a day, or maybe if we had like a whole bunch
of other people, let's see, cat in the kettle, this 20.
Okay, one more place.
Right?
Go.
Go.
I'm not going to bother the world.
Actually, I had to get up for this later.
I sure hope he appreciates it very, very much.
Okay, well, I'm queuing it up.
Let's take a, where are we?
Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, I am.
Yes, I listen to your show because I like it.
It's the best thing.
No, it's the best thing on the radio, even though I personally don't like you as a Jew.
I still listen to your show because I ain't nothing else to listen to.
And yeah, you are pretty good.
You have this people often you make them laugh.
Yeah, you.
Yeah.
Anyways, happy holidays.
You're too bastard.
Okay, and Coxa Hoy is okay.
Cheers.
There you go.
There was a good old boy for him.
Is that we're going to play that thing or what?
Now, what do you want?
You want it like a lot of those in there too and maybe one of these.
Okay, there you go.
You have a thing when you're Chinese.
It ain't pork a chicken but a fact sign.
Food tastes great so you don't complain.
But that's not chicken in your chicken chow mein.
Seems to me I want a sweet and sour pork.
But Garfield's on my phone.
He's burying here on my phone.
There's a cat in the kettle at the Peking Moon.
The place that I eat every day at noon.
Biggie, be the cat and your man will know
Once they're out there, up in the voice.
They pride real quicks in the old.
Chaolin asked if I wanted more.
If he was dialing up his buddy at the old pet store.
Said not today.
I lost my appetite.
It's too captain my belly and they want to play.
I was sucking on a roller and it comes to do.
When I swear I heard it news.
And that is where I knew.
There's a cat in the kettle at the Peking Moon.
I think I got a stop even there at noon.
They say that it's beef or fish or pork.
But it's burying there on my phone.
Where's a hair ball?
I'm a boy.
Oh God, it's amazing the stuff that we can find
that we can come up with isn't it?
It's not really a shock to how I ought to make.
So there you go, Miami.
You're welcome and have a great life up there in Cape Cod.
We have two open lines in date.
Okay, we have an open line in date.
No request today.
Okay, let's just talk and I'll play the stuff that I want.
Because you request there.
So people now that can the kettle I was good that that came all the way from Cape Cod.
We had to get a request all the way from Cape Cod up there to get something that we really want to hear.
Because what the fuck is going on with the agent?
Broward.
Right.
They just they just neurotic repetition.
Oh, by the way, Sam is going to be in the QA and Van.
For those of you who will paint in the ass people out there that want to fight each other
and get involved in that bidding for the Furby.
That's right.
We got a beautiful Furby.
Thanks to Kent Davis, the store director at Albertsons, 99-19 open park full of art and sunrise
right up there in my neck of the woods.
Nob Hill and Oakland park full of art.
You know that Albertsons?
You know that one?
Of course you do.
So the QA and Van will be there.
We'll let you know exactly when Sam arrives.
But you probably want to get over there right now and start bidding.
They got 800 bucks, 800 dollars for crying out loud.
They got this morning off on kiss for sunny foxes rehab.
Which I think is a damn good cause by the way.
Is it going to work?
No.
Well, here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, George Storke, so my thunder here in the break about talking about those D-strets.
Your case is impeccable as usual.
I tell you.
Yeah.
And I'm like, yeah.
You can do anything whether you put cheese on it or I chop up about your onions in there,
put some real spicy taco cheese on there.
After you put it the first couple minutes in the microwave,
you pop it back in there for another minute and then have.
And boy, it is delicious.
Exactly.
And almost no car.
I grill mine and it's incredible for the little bit of cheese.
It has the first time in a little bit of tomato.
As you know, finding something different and tasty and good when you're on the addkins is really tough.
Yeah, you can only have so much steak and chicken and turkey and fish.
Yeah.
It is so hard.
The other day, I can't stop saying it puts the lotion in the basket.
Yeah.
I was getting my grocery.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I was getting my groceries the other day and I had to get some Vaseline cream.
And as soon as she put it, they'll be the stuff inside my grocery pungy.
I had to say it puts the lotion in the basket.
Why don't you just stood at me and stared.
Just leave these in her 30s and glow.
And it was looking at me like, what the hell am I talking about?
Excellent.
These people don't know what the salad's all about.
When you're on the inside of something, well, we know and they don't get it.
It's always beautiful things.
It's like talking in uterus to go in.
Yeah, exactly.
I do that too, especially in a little Havana.
Beauty.
Okay, it's not going to stop.
Okay, see you.
We have an open line in day one in Broward, 5.6705.60, Pong 5.60 on the AT&T World.
It's not we got happy people today.
We got some unhappy people.
We got some bitter people.
We got some people out there searching for a life.
We got some people out there searching for a member.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
I want to give you a kiss.
Yeah, if I was pissed, my tongue down your throat.
Would we read it on the front page?
Okay.
You girls don't satisfy your eyes.
Just like a tribe.
Your wounds.
Your lips and range.
Need a to tie your eyes.
Down on my knees.
Fagging your sleeves.
A no-dare home man.
I just had enough of that muscle cell.
Baby, check out my behind.
I y-y-y-y-y.
I know, someone's taken away by a light hand.
Oh!
But I know, someone's taken away by a light hand.
I'm a light hand, you know what I say?
I like you, but only there's a foe is a light hand.
I'm a light hand, but only there's a foe is a light hand.
Only there's a foe is a light hand to say.
That's just so far, I've been a lonely.
Yeah, I'm sad, I know.
And Jerry's good for show, but she's not light-cam.
Oh, now, oh, it's a high nose.
Which only likes to go when a light gets.
Oh, now, oh, it's a high nose.
It was dancing in the season, never light-cam.
You already kidnapped her, I hate to do this,
it's a bit holiday-time interview,
but you already know that your parents lied to you about the two-thirty,
and about Sandy Claus and about God.
They also lied to you about who's to make it on your holiday gift basket.
It's not the elves that are packing at Fudge.
It's not the keyboard elves who are packing at Fudge.
All of they might be, you know what they say about them.
It's mostly those heterosexual people out there.
Since there's only a few faggots,
what are they? Like 40 or 50 of us?
And so most of the fudge packing that Skulana has done
by very straight people who are obsessed with the human rectum.
But that guy that called me for about 10, 50 minutes ago,
he was beautiful, because you see, they think that's the ultimate shot.
Something that has to do with what the f***ing, you know?
Which, based on the conversations we had here a few months ago,
seems to be like the desired thing, the desired pastime.
That's the American pastime, baby.
That's the American f***ing way.
Right, and exactly. Stop and think about that, huh?
Yeah, right.
Yeah.
Okay. I think she hit her right on the old rectum,
is where she hit it.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello.
Hello, Neil. How are you?
Great.
I just want to let you know I don't know why all these people are complaining about you.
Oh, they got to complain about you.
They got to complain. They like giving it a hard time.
You know, I just think back, you know, we're all going to complain.
You know, we're all going to face reality once the marinos out of here.
Yeah.
But when you're out of here, we're really going to face people
who have no life whatsoever.
By the way, got real bad.
I got good news for the people who keep telling me that come January 1st.
I won't be here.
I will not be here January 1st, because it's a holiday,
but January 2nd, I'll be here.
Wonderful. Listen, I just want to tell you a lot of us are out there listening.
We love you.
And can I have a request please?
Maybe if it's not one of those chronic pain in the air.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Do I have school abroad casting?
Okay.
Thank you.
And have a great life.
You too. Bye-bye.
I'll stick him over to this.
Okay, we have an open line in day 567.
That's Greg Reed's favorite, by the way, the QM School of Broadcasting,
because it definitely strikes a raw nerve.
Not good for the ratings.
Oh, sorry, Bluff.
I'll have to work a lot harder on the 18 to 34, which by the way,
until I came to this station, how many 18 to 34-year-old listeners were there on this station?
About 708?
Probably less, right?
Uh-huh.
I got all the young guys out there.
I got young guys all over the place.
I was going to say I got young guys up to...
Correcto.
...and that would get that guy.
So I'll whip it in again.
Okay, you get all worked up into a frenzy.
You'd have to get it out again, then.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Yeah.
Here's Opalaka. Hello.
Hey, Mia.
Yes, sir.
18 to 34, I'm a 21-year-old black guy.
How you all right?
Now we're talking.
Yeah, that's what I'm talking about.
Listen, um, yesterday about Brooke, I turned one,
my other turn pack in Hollywood.
Yeah.
I had to turn it off by time I got off of 595.
Yeah.
That's about the puke.
It's unbelievable.
Oh, tell me, oh my god.
It's out of that.
Japping, New Yorky, uh, fetching, yenta, say, I mean,
guys pay a lot of money to get divorced from brawds like that.
I mean, did he leave town just to get away from bitches like that?
Oh my god.
Tell me about it.
Um, another thing, um, could you tell me how this room
is writing systems for it because I hear you talking about all the time.
I mean, you say like you have a 4.0 and put the 3 share.
What's the difference between that?
What's the difference between a 3 and a 4?
Generally about a 1.
Yeah, well, no, I mean like, uh, you say you have a 3.0 and a 4 share.
Well, I think you can die resound.
And the share means like, for example, if you've got a 5 share,
which is a very good number, okay?
Uh-huh.
That means that 1 out of every 20 people who are listening at that time
are listening to your show.
Oh, that's out.
You know what I'm saying?
In other words, 5 is 120.
It's just a picket even number, you know?
Okay, okay, that makes sense.
Yeah.
And of course, it's bogus because they try to do this ethnic sampling
and they like to find a lot of people who don't speak English
and a lot of people with dark complexions like you guys.
And, uh, and you know, it's, uh, it's a, it's a, it's a crap shot at best.
But so, so it's not like one rating book really means anything.
It's an accumulation over a period of time that if you keep doing pretty damn well,
you must know that there are a lot of people listening.
And if you keep coming up with the numbers that are invisible,
you know, nobody, listen.
Oh, exactly.
Okay, that makes sense.
Um, couple of requests?
Yes, sir.
Um, LPGA, ladies and gals.
Good one.
Um, oh, and, uh, took us to Y.
Took us to Y.
Took us to Y.
See, I told you we got sparsas picking yet a shot right.
Oh, I have a good one.
What is it?
See it.
The only man in the history of America who could teach you to just spart your,
how do you like that?
Damn, God!
What's the matter with lesbian, officer?
Can't you tell we really love him new balls?
The only thing that separates us from the men is the country gloves bathroom sauce.
And then my girlfriend is also in the chatty.
She's the friend I'm the first.
She calls daddy.
Must die.
That's five puny talk a lot.
Right?
It's still a lady's call to me.
My favorite whole of those and have any number.
A green or a fairway.
No sweat because I'm a tap or a lapper.
A playgirl fan on day.
Oh, right.
When we meet again, the time's a hard thing to slow down.
Let me call a busy owner time to tell you out.
On day, let's play LVG8 still race calls to me.
And right, this grace chipset on my face.
Damn, ladies, off to me.
Oh!
Oh!
I think you've got the balls of the ass.
I think that it's not all.
The girl I'm going to wear.
That's eight twenty pounds.
Oh!
She's got a token to why.
She's got a token to why.
And she don't care.
She says that's the way to dress.
I called the dress.
Yeah.
I told her not to be a bitch.
And they're waiting for her.
You've hurt.
She's got a token to why.
She's got a token to why I.
She's got a token to why.
And she don't care.
I'm telling you why.
You're pretty cheap and wise.
She only writes, she only writes, no more.
She goes out of the bag.
To the price she's in one week one.
I saw everything that I could.
I'd leave it in there.
To try to be our Christmas friend.
Or see Jenny Gray.
Oh, she's got a token to why.
And she's got a token to why I.
She's got a token to why.
And she don't care.
I'm telling you why.
She's got a token to why.
She only writes, she only writes, no more.
She's got a token to why.
So the price she didn't want to be far.
I've been gone, tried it myself.
And it's for some chance.
Yes, it is too tight in the way.
I'll get some freshness.
Are you?
I've got a token to why.
I've got a token to why I.
I've got a token to why.
We make it to fair.
We make it to fair.
We make it to fair.
We make it to fair.
20 to 2560 WQM.
Hank, what is it?
Wednesday, Tuesday, Tuesday, Tuesday.
We got Josh Friedman, a trick.
We couldn't find anybody else.
We had to put a Jew in there.
We got 7 o'clock Gildi from the arena.
And Washington Capsboy rhymes with,
yeah, who are really thinking to join out.
Panthers out of beat them.
I would say five one tonight.
Okay, minimum five one tonight.
Let's do it.
Pompato Park is not doing it right now.
They'll be closed for the Christmas holiday.
Completely closed, completely dark.
However, this Saturday, December 26,
they'll be reopening with their five day schedule,
which means they'll be racing Saturday.
And of course, we got time of casting every day,
the week, except Sunday.
But they'll be live racing every Saturday,
Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday,
starting this Saturday, December 26.
So best holiday wishes from Ted Snow, all my good friends.
And by the way, speaking of Pompato Park,
I want to remind my close personal friend, David Horro,
it's a good day to make a New Year's resolution
and that is don't ever, ever come anywhere near me.
Thank you, David. I appreciate it very much.
And please do your best to live up to it.
You got it, David.
Come on. You can do it.
Don't ever come anywhere near me.
Don't darken my door.
Don't call me at home.
I don't ever want to see anyone here.
You're name again, but have a great New Year, David,
and stay away.
Okay, Saturday, Pompato Park reopens with Daniel Highlight,
noon, freehold, simultaneous 1230.
Wood buying from Toronto, 825,
Northfield from Cleveland, my clock,
the overdowns 430, the metal is 530,
Northfield 7 o'clock, Daniel Highlight,
715, metal land, 730, Yonkers, 740.
Northfield from Detroit, 740,
and a great live on-car track 735,
at the Pompato Park.
So they reopen the Saturday with the vengeance,
save up all your shackles,
and then after Christmas,
hit the make it a B line for Pompato Harnas.
Will you funds back them?
It's time for Turd-Chung,
the show that gets to what really deep down inside of you.
And now here's your host, Colin Cornwallis.
Good evening. I'm Colin Cornwallis, your host,
and welcome to Turd Talk.
The loaf lines are already lit up,
so let's just get right down to the phones,
and let's see who's on number two.
It's Steve. Steve, you're on the air.
Hi, Colin. I'm a first time caller.
Oh, all right. We got a little subject for you, Steve Hangen.
So what's on your mind?
Well, I just wanted to let you know how much of the wife
and I enjoy the show,
and hold on, let me get some paper here.
Okay, I'm back.
So your wife loves the show? That's great.
Tell me, Steve, you're wiping right now, aren't you?
Yes, I am.
Okay, when you wipe,
do you prefer a forward stroke or a backward stroke?
I think I prefer a forward stroke,
as a matter of fact, the wife was just saying,
uh-oh.
Uh-oh. What's the matter?
I think I just ripped the paper.
Oh.
Oh, okay. How well did you get to wipe?
Well, I got it pretty good.
Okay, do you feel any pressure under your fingernails?
Yes, I do.
Oh, boy.
Remain come.
You're having what we call a push through.
Did you get any penetration?
Uh, I think so.
Okay, just do as I say,
and everything's going to be okay.
Now, is there any clothing on the bathroom floor?
You want to look for something dot-coloured?
Okay, let me see.
Now, pull your finger out nice and slow
so you don't get a flicking effect, okay?
Okay.
Is your finger out, Steve?
Yes.
Now, the first thing you want to ask yourself as you look at your finger
is has anybody in the house really made you mad today?
No, they haven't.
Okay, go ahead and wipe it off, Steve.
Oh, thank you, Colin.
Keep up the good work.
Well, you are welcome.
And thanks for listening.
That's all the time we have for now.
Until the next turn, talk, I'm Colin Cornwallis.
This has been Turntuck.
The show that gets down to what you will really made of.
Don't forget to book Daniels show the best thing that ever happened to the Hank Goldberg show this afternoon.
I'm going along it to...
Okay, the date lines died, by the way, and I have no idea why,
because we were rolling along singing the song.
We had some very nice people.
We had a few silly people.
We had some dark and collected people, some very light and collected people,
some Julio, some Anglos, and Juus, and Glam.
Five, a couple of Palestinians.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60,
60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60
60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60
60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60
60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60
60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60
So, you're not interested in talking to the same people who want to call the show everyday, whether I'm not just New York accent and repeat the same, no, not interested, okay? And here's another guy, every day of it, see, you have no credibility because I mean, if you call the show everyday, you're listening every day. So, where do you do this guy have credibility? No, of course not. He's an athlete.
Right. Stay lines open, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60
40, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60
60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60
Remember you were reporting about the little poodle that weaved its way through the traffic in Lake Borough, it's only to be splattered by a northwestern train. Well, as similar as it happened about a week ago involving a squirrel, my friend and I were on our way to get some lunch in Lake Borough's last Saturday when we noticed a squirrel trying to weave its way across the traffic on western Avenue. We were in a car about 20 yards away from the squirrel when it started to make its way across the street. The squirrel was probably not as mobile as it could have been because its mouth
was really stuffed with nuts from the park. Oh luckily though the squirrel scampered across traffic and my friend and I were relieved that he was safe. Suddenly two girls were on a bike ride appeared along the side of the street. They were really flying when the confused squirrel jumped into their path. The girl tried to avoid the squirrel but he somehow hit the back tire of her bike and got caught up with the spoon. Oh, damn. Before a squirrel went around in the wheel several times before he got free and was flung on the grass. To our surprise that Dave's squirrel got to his speed
and staggered away. Apparently, okay. Oh, God. The girl who was riding the bike was a little upset but I'm sure not as much as the squirrel. Luckily he didn't lose his life but he might have lost his mind. No. That's right. WQA of his proud to bring you the WQA and school of broadcasting. Yes, you too can have an illustrious career in the world.
Wonderful. Where are the radio? If you follow our curriculum, the course is free. Of course you'll work for free. Call 1-800-1-0 and speak to our director of education, Mr. Lenny Margelle.
No, you want me a black cat? A black cat? A black cat? A black cat? No. No, he has no.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Over here. We have the obsessive deliverable way wounds. But wait, no, what you need. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Give me the call.
I'm gonna do it.
Go straight now.
Repeat after me.
Repeat after me.
Repeat after me.
Repeat after me.
Repeat after me.
Repeat after me.
Repeat after me.
Repeat after me.
Repeat after me.
And over here we have the heck.
Nobody's there to live.
Ah, ah, ah, and I'll send you a book to a page of 14.
Repeat after me.
And, ah, and I'll send you a book to a page of 14.
And over here we have the book to a page of 14.
And over here we have the book to a page of 14.
And over here we have the book to a page of 14.
And over here we have the book to a page of 14.
And over here we have the book to a page of 14.
And over here we have the book to a page of 14.
And over here we have the book to a page of 14.
And over here we have the book to a page of 14.
And over here we have the book to a page of 14.
And over here we have the book to a page of 14.
And over here we have the book to a page of 14.
And over here we have the book to a page of 14.
And over here we have the book to a page of 14.
And over here we have the book to a page of 14.
And over here we have the book to a page of 14.
And over here we have the book to a page of 14.
Anyway, like I said Sam is with the QA and Van they're up there at the Albertsons.
And by the way they're very 60 bucks per cent of one.
They've only been there a couple of minutes.
We've got all our CDs and stuff there.
And we have no bit on the Furby.
See I scared him away by mentioning that they got 800 bucks per day or one on kiss this morning.
I mean if you've been like 20 bucks maybe nobody else will come by and get it.
By our deadline which is what?
Like the end of the show?
Is that how we're going to do it?
And also here's some amazing news.
There are 50 Furbies at that Albertsons store.
And what they're going to be doing is they're taking names during the day and then later around tonight.
They'll be picking 50 names out of there at 6 o'clock.
At 6 o'clock tonight and you'll be able to buy.
You're not going to win it but you'll be able one of the 50 people who can buy the Furby for I guess the going price.
Right?
To go and retail price?
Yes and it's Chris and Lou by the way Sam is not there.
Like I said oh Chris and Lou are there.
I'm not going to lose that thing up there.
They'll come out of the woodwork now.
The coast is clear.
So let's start getting some bits on that Furby that we got for us center one.
Should get like I'd say at least what 20 30 grand.
We don't want to intimidate anybody to scare him away.
Four minutes till noon at 560 WQ and you like.
Oh yeah we're boring.
We used to talk about pussy.
We talk about stock now.
You know you just get old RC Fartsy and it's no fun anymore.
It's true.
We used to talk about good bodies and big things and you know the fun stuff.
The mad dog is out of control and you'll find out why when you hear the latest release from Blackbuster Entertainment.
A red bandage sings duet.
Well I'll ride.
Ride around in the breeze.
Well I'll ride.
Here's the mad dog.
Two men is sing classic rock.
You can just sit right there.
O increase.
Ô ride.
O raise.
O leave house.
O raise.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
At first, Jim said he felt a little bit foolish.
I don't like that.
You make it a war, huh?
But now, he says.
I like it.
I like it.
The mad dog just can't piss enough.
Is that cottage cheese butt?
If he wants me to sing, God bless America
and face these NG-string up here, I'll do it.
You got the gold!
They never buy the money.
They're just...
Oh, ride!
Oh, ride!
Jim, you're the mad dog.
Sing them self-happy.
Oh, ride!
Oh, ride!
Oh, ride!
Oh, ride!
Oh, ride!
Oh, ride!
Jim, that is.
Things you had available now at all blockbuster stores.
Minute pass, no.
At 5.60 WQAM.
So, anyway, these sports nerds, they take it very seriously.
You know what I'm talking about, I think it's real uptight.
Like, there are people out there believe that
Renere is going to come here and work on this radio station
in the morning.
I'm just going to swear next to the next four years
and just keep repeating that over and over again,
no matter how many times I say it.
Will there be people out there who will believe it?
Of course they will.
It is laughable.
I'm thinking let's put Bob and Tom on there, sounds good.
Okay, Dave County, wide open.
What happened in date all of a sudden?
Huh?
Couldn't be that same thing we had yesterday in Broadway for it.
I hear three, uh...
Oh boy.
It must be killing the chickens now.
5.6705.60 and 5.560 on the mobile one line.
It must be choking it.
Here is a four-letter mail.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Congratulations to your maple leafs.
They've been on a roll.
Yes, they are, man.
40 points.
They're kicking ass.
19 goals at the last three games.
Went over Pittsburgh and 7.4 of our derangers.
Yeah.
Did you watch any games?
And 5.2 over Phoenix, yes.
Did you watch any games yesterday?
Last night?
Yes.
Koma inducing.
I watched some of the penguins game.
I was on the Kings.
I mean, just Koma inducing.
And Phoenix beat the crap out of Detroit.
I saw some of that.
I got that many dishes like you.
And I loved that TSN.
The sports network.
It was from Canada.
It was on last night.
That was TV, yeah.
Yeah, it was very good.
The announcer was horrible.
Yeah, the announcer, but the quality...
Oh, yeah, the quality was great.
And it was nice seeing the extra added game on there.
You're right.
Beautiful, beautiful thing.
I worked at the arena.
The new NAC arena.
The National Car Rectal Center, yeah.
Yes, I do.
And I definitely see Brian Murray every day.
Yes.
And...
Not a happy man.
He's put it that way.
Really?
All.
Why not?
He just looks like a seller, man.
Is he upset about the organization?
Is he?
There was 500.
They got Washington and Tampa back to back.
They could put together a four game winning streak without much effort here if they got any balls.
He still looks consummated.
Oh, is he still consummated?
Yes, he is.
Okay, well, it's too bad.
I got two of you.
He can prune his might help.
Maybe he's going to get stewied back.
Maybe stewied might knock the old...
Out of them.
That'll do it.
Yes.
I get two requests for you.
Okay.
It's good for the schwarz.
It's good for me.
Yeah.
You're two best bits of all time.
Brian, which I love.
Yeah.
And nobody rips you better, which is one of my favorites, so you don't play.
Okay.
Okay.
And have a great life.
Thank you very much.
And say hi to the spokesman.
Okay, thank you.
Hi, Stu.
We will, by the way, spokesman.
How's Brian going, too?
He's going to be nice.
What's there?
Roughly.
I'm the first of July.
Because now his cousin's dead.
I'll fall it in the head.
What happened?
We don't know.
Something is she sound.
But he won't tell.
So well, that's Brian.
What did you do?
Brian.
What did you do?
See, it's not so long.
He was spending on his folks' arms.
And he was crying.
Brian.
Brian.
Brian.
It's hard to understand.
It was an accident with two shots lying.
I don't know why your age includes.
Claims the cops reports on truth.
I want to know some more.
So tell me what's the story.
Brian.
What did you do?
Like the days you sleep.
Or just maybe.
You lie.
What did you do?
What did you do?
Yes.
Now he's gone.
And from this moment on.
We're asking Brian.
Brian.
Brian.
Brian.
Brian.
Brian.
Brian.
Brian.
Brian.
What did you do?
By the time I get through the next couple of minutes.
She is going to have to pick every scab off that cutrid.
And then she's going to have to pick every scab off that cutrid.
And then she's going to have to pick every scab off that cutrid.
And then she's going to have to pick every scab off that cutrid.
And then she's going to have to pick every scab off that cutrid.
And then she's going to have to pick every scab off that cutrid.
And then she's going to have to pick every scab off that cutrid.
Well, sing this you fat slob.
I'm going to take this cord and I'm going to shove it right up his ass, okay?
And I'm going to shove this thing so far up his butt that he's going to be staying on a different tune when I get through with him.
But we have a longer cord than this piece of cramp. Look at this.
Look how short this damn thing is.
We got a hundred ancillers running around this building.
They can find another one besides him.
I will give you not that big.
Oh, get it out of there.
Go pull it towards them.
Where you don't do something.
Pull what?
In your case, a good question, okay?
God.
Nobody wins.
Is that...
Don't start looking once again as always
to blame Fatal Neal for whatever you're upset about
and to disgusting, nauseating old swaths.
Nobody wins you and I.
Old, fabulous bitches.
Neal, if you don't rethink you're gonna spit out by this,
you're gonna spit it out.
I'm gonna spit it out.
I'm gonna spit it out.
I'm not gonna spit it out.
There we go.
Now we're cooking.
What did I just get to talking about?
It was old bag.
We don't want you, Lenny.
Okay, go get some knitting out.
Go find some crossword puzzle.
We'll make a little bit of progress now.
The audience has started requesting that we haven't heard over and over
and over until we're like re-gurgling.
I mean, sooner or later, even the best of...
It puts the large in the bag.
It was very, they butcher it.
Eight minutes after trial and we have no things on the Furby nothing.
Kiss, country kiss.
Of course, they're bunch of Yahoo's in our audience.
Maybe a little bit more intellectual than that, do you think?
No.
But they raised 800 bucks to the puddle in the Furby this morning.
And we got nothing.
Simply do that. We don't even have a bid.
I would have thought they would have been 500 people lined up over there
at that Albertsons over in the Navhil and Nookland Park Boulevard.
They will have 50 more by the way, like I said,
they'll take a name and then dresses and they'll pick 50 names out.
And fix a clock tonight. Those 50 people will be able to buy one.
A Furby for their pinnacle-y-as-kid.
And we got 60 bucks for center one so far.
And that's it.
Very, very distressed and distraught.
I'll tell you that right now that we got no bids on the Furby.
The audience, we ought to be able to...
They got 800 this morning. We ought to be able to get 9 dollars.
I was talking about the accounting.
Oh, sorry.
Susan powder.
You noticed the loud ball headed in Bomer's old queen with a bikini-wax job.
Okay, okay. I was fat, but my ex-husband is a jerk.
Now she's fat with a new self-help tape that helps you deal with the jerks of the 90s.
You got to eat. You got to breathe. You got to swear.
Come on. You got to start the obscenity.
Excuse me, wait. Hold on. What I need to say is,
you got to start the f***ing obscenity.
Susan's been through it all and she knows how to deal with it.
Every morning I wake up, look in the mirror and say,
what the hell's gonna f*** with me today?
She's just like you. But she's making a lot more money.
Adjust the house like you. Figure it out.
If you save your f***ing head,
wear tight f***ing clothes and get 87.50 for a video,
you'll make a s*** of motor money.
Learn how to deal with life in the 90s with Susan powder's newest video.
Start the obscenities.
What the f*** happened to my hair?
Available wherever stupid ass f***ing ass like you by s*** like this.
Okay, 1213 is 560 W.
We got a $50 bet on the Furby.
Start. Always have to start somewhere.
And we got 80 bucks for cent of one so far,
which is also a start, not too exciting.
But Chris and Lou were over there waiting for you to come by on the Albertans Park in Laud,
not the Hilden-Hillin Oakland Park Boulevard.
Maybe we've exhausted that because of the woods,
because that's right in my neck of the woods.
Yeah, but I'm sure we'll raise a few hundred bucks there today for cent of one.
So let's see 80 bucks. Our total now is, let me take a look.
120, oh boy, that's almost 121,964.
We're almost to 122 grand,
that almost puts us up to an even number.
So just continue going over there.
We've got the best stuff and we're taking vids on the Furby.
And don't forget, six o'clock, 50 Furby's inside.
They'll be doing the wrong to see who's got the right to buy them.
Wow, I might be able to buy a Furby.
Holy crap.
But hey, that's America for you.
Here's the mobile Intel Ray B.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
One time listener, second time caller.
Okay.
Board all your CDs over the years.
Good friends with people at work at center one.
I have a special request.
One I know you play a lot and you hate playing it.
But one called, one's meant to American Pie.
And tonight my credit died.
And the other one is prison bitch.
The night my credit died.
It goes to the theme of American Pie.
Last time I heard it was like two years ago you played it.
American Pie?
Right.
George is, what is it?
George seems to maybe nobody's talking about it.
I just can't think of the real name of it.
Okay, we'll think of it.
That in prison bitch.
Okay, well prison bitch.
No.
And have a great holiday.
Okay, we have an open line of day one in Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 in a mobile one line.
I haven't got the foggiest idea.
I know we do have something that goes with the tune of American Pie.
How's Dama Clayin doing by the way?
How's Dama Clayin doing?
Anybody seen him?
No.
Here's Sport Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey, first time caller all time listener.
Great.
Love you.
Happy holidays to you my friend.
And you sir.
And hopefully the Maple Leafs will take home a family cup this year.
I can smell that cup man.
I can smell that cup man.
How's Niven?
I'm telling you all it starts with good gold tending.
They're getting at this year.
They look terrific.
Even healy one is two games.
How do you like that?
Telling you, coach, everything's going very well.
They're looking great.
They got so many good players on that team.
So they got balance.
Well, better to talk about the Maple Leafs than the Panthers.
That's for sure.
Well, I would agree right now.
They're like 12 points ahead of the Panthers last time I look.
I have a fan.
There's a fan.
Panthers are pretty pathetic this year.
They're 500 teams just like our record shows.
The media okay.
I had a friend listen into the show yesterday.
Neil, I didn't get a chance to listen unfortunately yesterday.
And I would love one request if you could just play Bernie takes a dump.
Oh jeez.
I'd appreciate it if you can.
I have a question.
If not what?
If I can if you can, I completely understand.
I love you Neil.
And listen.
I haven't had a while there.
I thank you so much and God bless you and we'll see you.
No, I just played that yesterday.
I'm not going to keep playing the same stuff every day over.
No, I'm not going to do it.
What are you looking for?
You don't know what you're looking for and forget about it.
No, don't worry about it.
What are you so conscientious about?
We don't know what that guy's talking about.
And then he also wanted to hear prison bitch.
I mean is this guy joking or what?
God.
Man talk about neurotic repetition over and over and over and over and over.
You know it's like God.
One more come.
We have an open line at Broward to and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line.
And I think we're going to be starting that routine at the game that I'd by the way.
And I think we're going to be starting that routine at the game that I think we're going to be starting that routine at the game.
And I think we're going to be starting that routine at the game that I think we're going to be starting that routine at the game.
And I think we're going to be starting that routine at the game.
And I think we're going to be starting that routine at the game.
And I think we're going to be starting that routine at the game.
And I think we're going to be starting that routine at the game.
And I think we're going to be starting that routine at the game.
Here's a mobile and Kendall. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Neil several days ago when the van was in cutler Ridge.
I bought a CD and I wanted to see these but they had run out of part one.
Yeah.
We're only selling tapes.
Also they only had one size and t-shirt.
Anyway, I bought two of them.
Two of the CDs and played them and I thought, well, look, I know several perverts for whom this would make a perfect Christmas gift.
Yeah.
So I went in the borders yesterday.
The borders on South US one.
Right, Kendall, yeah.
They're completely out.
And while I was there asking about them, another guy walked in behind me and he was disappointed also.
How do you like that?
So I asked him to call down to the borders and coconut drove.
Oh, yeah.
And see if they had any and if they did the whole two for me.
And the borders and coconut drove is completely out of stock.
I mean, I think these things would be selling if they were available.
Well, they had that's why they're out of stock.
They have been selling like hotcakes.
We can't keep up with the demand.
And you can't get another supply.
Well, why don't you call Santa one?
Well, you know, I wanted to give them his Christmas gift.
Oh, I thought I'd get them in time.
Yeah.
I don't know what the alternative is at this point.
You guys have done a great job of promoting these things.
Yeah.
But the guys who are handling the distribution and I don't know.
No, no, but you had to understand the last week or 10 days has been just an unbelievable rush on this stuff.
And it's just more ecstatic about it.
Yeah.
But I'll think about it and keep listening and maybe I'll come up with a brainstorm for you.
All right, Neil.
Yeah, they're doing a good job on that charity.
I think that's a wonderful thing.
Congratulations.
Thanks a lot.
Happy holidays.
And back to you.
Okay, we have two open lines in days five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
No request.
Long time was normal daily and first time caller.
And I just wanted to wish you happy holiday.
And I just want my only request would be that just Neil keep being Neil.
Okay.
And one comment I got for I'm a Christian man that just love you that loves you to death.
Uh-huh.
And I love you too much.
My comment to the rest of those people that call in and make make shots at you.
Yeah.
Anybody who ever has known a gay person has to love that person.
What is that?
It's been no a gay person.
Well, what does that mean?
I know some gay people are being spent on the best part there.
They're both dedicated.
Yeah.
Okay, thank you, sir.
Have a nice life.
Oh my god.
Is that, uh, Gene?
I mean, we're going from one extreme to the other.
This guy never met a fat guy.
He didn't like.
I met a lot of faggot.
I wouldn't give it a thousand yards of man.
Not a coin.
Not a coin.
There you go.
Good.
God.
I mean, you know, you got to be real, sir.
You got to live in the real world, real world.
If there are people who are hung up with their homophobia or a bigotry of any kind.
It doesn't interest me in the least bit.
I couldn't care less.
But when we have to start generalizing, generalizing out of psychotic paranoia,
then it becomes really embarrassing to me.
God.
Yeah, go out and need a faggot.
It'll be the nicest people you ever met.
Well, thank you.
Maybe not.
Maybe there'll be assholes.
Man.
That could have been right there.
One of the most unbelievable calls in the history of talk radio.
I think it was.
I think your number one of the bullets, sir.
That's the top of the list.
For this Tyson's, these beef strips, even George.
Like this.
And he's just eating a lot of good free food.
But this, not seriously, this is great.
And you can do so many things with it.
You can put cheese on it and the microwave.
You can chop some onions up in there.
You can do whatever you want with it.
And thanks again to my close friend Bruce Davidson, a Don Green Polterieto Palaka.
I'm going to keep buttering him up because I want a lot more of it.
Although the bag of vegetables, you know, well, I don't want to go out of that.
Huh?
I don't want to say that George loaded up the car with a carton yesterday that carton with all the meat and then it was a big bag of veggies, you know, for like stir fry that kind of thing.
Put a big bag of veggies in the back of my, uh, in the hatch compartment of my corvette.
But unfortunately, somebody had already opened the bag.
So there's like a few little.
A, a rip wasn't on the, it was a ripped scene.
Oh, it had a ripped scene.
Huh?
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
Do I have you there?
Hello.
Sounds like me.
Yes.
Hey, just a Christian woman calling from San Francisco.
Yeah.
Hey, we need you out there.
We want to see your situation on the radio, boy.
You want to come out here for, I've been out here for three days and the situation in San Francisco is pretty sad.
We need somebody like you out there.
No chance.
Too many bags.
No, no, no, no, no, you can pick up my hand.
Come on out.
Okay, sweetheart.
Okay.
Boy, boy.
Too many, uh, too much disease.
We have an open line of day one in Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the, pound 5, 6, the, on the mobile one line.
Where we going?
Here's a Coral Springs.
Hello.
Happy New Year, Neil.
Yes.
I'm going up to Chicago for the holidays.
I'd appreciate it if you could, if you still have that Larry Lujac or the Dr. Gov.
No, that's great.
Okay, we have an open line of day two in Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the, and pound 5, 6, the, on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami Lake.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
I want to comment on a couple of things.
The other day I was listening to you show, like I normally do.
And I enjoy your show very much.
The thing is, you were playing some bit from, um, what's his name?
Christopher Reef.
Yeah.
Which I thought it was the most tasteless thing I have ever heard.
Good.
And, uh, I think that's very wrong.
Or, uh, I would personally.
Well, let's find a new show then.
Get out here.
We have two open lines in day one in Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 in the mobile one line.
Say hi to your two boyfriends, too.
Okay, by the way, next time you're jerking each other up.
Say hi to your two boyfriends.
Part of our little trio of who-yos out there.
Here's a mobile in Jensen Beach.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
One shameless request.
Okay.
When a guy called Rippling Glen Hill, when the bird say...
No, no, we play that yesterday.
Awful.
Like I said, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm going to play the rack.
Okay.
You people, whether you request, you got like seven bits.
And that's all you got that you're a whole God, they're more for joy.
I've got 23 years worth of crap in it.
Or at least 11 or 12 years of the lessons I've been playing all this crazy crap.
And they got the bridge standard.
They got Barney takes a crap.
They got the crap is what they got.
Man.
What a mistake.
What a, what a death knell.
What a death wish this is for myself to be indulging these people in this crap.
I just get through playing Larry Lujack 15 minutes ago.
Oh, you still got that Larry Lujack.
No, it disappeared in the last 10 minutes, okay?
But plug.
It just disappeared.
Donkey breath.
God.
All the day lines are open.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
In fact, I'm not taking any calls.
Okay, forget about the calls.
I'm just doing what I, what I, I said at the beginning today, forget about these calls.
It's the holidays.
Play the stuff that I want to play.
Doing entertaining show.
Screw these idiots with their car.
Crona compulsive idiotic.
And that guy that called before about the never-made a fact that it wasn't a great guy or a bulldog, whatever.
Man, talk about ingratiating.
Oh, the Jewish people are the most wonderful people.
The Palestinians.
Yeah, right.
People are people.
How many years have I been telling you that, okay?
I'm at Good Jews.
I've made an in there's the nanny, okay?
There's Good Jews and there's the nanny.
Oi!
I rest my case.
Boy, I'm choking on this stuff.
You want in the why?
In the bottom of the bag, there's all the little bits of meat.
Boy, you get little bits of meat in your mouth and your throat.
Wait out there deep in your throat.
And you got real problems, baby.
I never like getting meat weighed on here.
Oh no.
Oh, look at that.
Look at that.
I just munged two little pieces of Tyson Basteryp right on my coffee there.
Oh!
Oh!
Three pieces.
Three easy pieces.
Oh.
And then I, that means they're more watching.
I looked them off of there.
25 past noon at 560 WQM.
The president you'll have to receive a purchase by a bunch of Mac's thought over stress individuals.
So these are the heaven idea, which you won't really don't care.
And the president that you receive is actually your size or in color you like as a mistake.
We're trying to say is have another ignoag with some white persons one more time and don't let your hopes get too high.
Coming soon to a theater near you.
Christopher Reeve is Superman.
Superman 5.
Oh, tell, Mr. Mad, Superman Quig, Jimmy Olsson is drowning.
Hey, here comes Superman. Here he comes.
He's, he's in a wheelchair.
Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho.
Hey, I'm Superman.
Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho.
Ho, ho, ho, ho.
Who's all great, where's Germany?
Too late.
Ha, yeah.
They had to call you super gimp.
Get out of here, you freak.
Oh!
Oh, oh, Clark.
Nothing's happening. Get on top of me.
Arthur!
Ow!
I, the evil son, have widely figured out a way to defeat Superman.
With, with Kryptonite?
No, Spips.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Superman 5, the search for a bigger doorway,
rolling into a theater near you.
Skyland Park,
daily park,
Keats and sand,
your nose are far.
You can't even touch you,
can't stop.
Some want to identify that awful son.
What the hell did you leave?
It smells just like rock-and-roll.
Skyland Park,
daily park,
I got one,
and came to art,
I got the woman's head swivel all around.
She was staring at terrible things.
I walked right out of that place,
with a space pile on my face.
Skyland Park,
daily park,
you can't even see,
is widening,
right at one go,
but some were stuck.
I saw distance of your campus life,
if you're in church when you do,
you'll have to stay in your church.
I saw distance of your campus life,
but some were stuck.
but some were stuck.
I saw distance of your campus life,
just take it back.
I got to take this thing back.
It happens every Christmas,
I feel there's a sweater that I've left,
when makes you think I am wearing a mask,
I don't wear a tear muck,
why did you buy the game shoes?
They're not sure I didn't want the batteries,
I hope that you kept the receipt.
I could hide it in my pocket,
or burn it in the back yard again,
but I'm gonna do now,
is it take it back?
This is not safe enough.
I don't wear a burn tie,
I don't wear a side wall,
a girl, what are you on?
It's the first thought that I found,
but you didn't think,
so that's what I will do.
I'll take it back to Walmart,
or take it back to Target.
That's what I'm gonna do now.
I will take it back.
1235 at 560 WQA,
and the Hank Goldberg Show from Shul is a two.
We got Josh Friedman coming up at this,
because we couldn't find any goi,
who worked right before Christmas,
and then we got Kelly of some of the pregame show.
Pather's in the cap tonight, any interest?
No.
So what's the story?
We are doing nothing out there at Albertsons.
What's the deal with that?
How is that possible?
How can you not have a line from here to God and Malachwippa?
120 and still $50 or $8 last week.
Jesus!
This audience, man, I can't get over it.
Maybe that speaks well for our audience,
that they don't want to spend $1.00 for a stupid Furby.
Like to contra kiss people, maybe $800 of Jack Aspades for a Furby.
How do you like that?
So funny Fox could go into a rehab.
$800 for a little grotesque ugly doll
that any kid in America would look at and say,
fat, furry, give it to some other stupid kid, okay?
So all we got is a $50 bit,
so whoever bent the $50 right now looks pretty good.
And 120% of one.
That's at the Albertsons parking lot.
Albertsons in the corner of Navajo and Oakland Park.
That's in Oakland Park.
That's in Sunrise.
That's in whatever the hell I call that place.
Like Yannem Svel.
Here's a mobile and Cooper city.
Hello.
I'd like to call Mario.
Yeah, okay, great.
Call him up. What's his number?
See what I mean with these people here?
And these holidays, man, I like to call Mario.
I'm good.
Come to his place, okay?
Tom, hey, you're a douchebag.
You Jack Asp.
You're an asshole.
You're an imboso.
You make me sick to my stomach.
And then watch what he beats the living style out of you, okay?
That's why you're calling a radio show to call him because everybody's real
machuant butch on the telephone.
In person, oh, hey, Mary, how you doing?
Yeah, what's going on?
What it is, baby?
But on the phone, he'd like to call Mario a scumbag or whatever the hell it is.
Shame on you, sir.
Have a great holiday.
So anyway, it will be a good Christian.
Christians are the finest guy, then.
I'm dreaming of a white neighbor, just like what I used to know.
Where the longings were trimmed and hard at rims, so I think it's so very long ago.
I'm dreaming of a white neighbor, with every force inside I'm right.
Make your days be Mary and Mary.
And then may all your new neighbor be why you're here.
I was clear I didn't put that one in there.
Yeah, what a loss with how much it works the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
And the eyeball falls out, but it puts the lotion in the basket.
Then it has to lose it out.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It's what I have to get.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It's the rubber down my brand here.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I have to dry clean my skin.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I should.
I should.
I should.
It might be in my legs, I should.
I like to dance around this way.
I love square-dooded airs.
I want to look for like a wolf.
My name is Pablo Ville.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It makes it more by skin.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I hold my PPE.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
How much does it grow?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I got my skin soothing.
I'm going to get one of those.
I'm going to get one of those.
I'm going to get one of those.
I'm going to get one of those.
I'm going to get one of those.
I'm going to get one of those.
I'm going to get one of those.
I'm going to get one of those.
I'm going to get one of those.
I'm going to get one of those.
I'm going to get one of those.
I'm going to get one of those.
Oh, boy.
Boy.
Boy what else is that all about?
Do you understand why that's a median demographic once you get north once you get up there
on that part of town?
A median demographic is age plus a hundred.
Once you get it like when you're driving north on university drive, once you get to sunrise Boulevard
it's the demarcation line, because just north of sunrise and university is sunrise lake.
The median demographic is death plus a hundred.
So maybe that's not the best territory for us, but that sure is not a crowd up there. Whoever the hell it is, it's not our crowd.
We still have 120 bucks for a center one and a lousy $50 bid for that firby. That's like a laughable.
Be a spy!
I think you daddy. Daddy, you're so sweet. My short, daddy.
It's just things I know.
Daddy, you're a loser.
I would last one in my tent.
I think mommy cheats on you.
I think mommy cheats on you.
I'm not a man on these here.
I'm just a dumb, dumb little rock.
Daddy, why don't you get a job?
To the server, hug every moment.
And work like a thing that's not...
Daddy, you smell like deer.
Sweet 16 today.
And dropping out of high school.
Daddy, I'm pregnant.
I don't know who the father is.
I'm a human maker for ribbon banter.
I asked the turn chick to catch.
I drove the car into a tree.
Can you just send me some cigarettes?
Hey, I'll buy a dose for the bride and you're old.
You change your name today.
Daddy, I'm getting married again.
And I'll give her away.
Daddy, that's my ass.
I think I have duffler.
And I said I'm not sure.
I've got a letter going.
Hey, Pop, we're moving in.
And butterfly kisses.
Dad, I asked me to.
I'm a lesbian.
All right.
She only was seven when she augured in.
On through two more coverage for CNN.
I'll be ignoring the weather and storms to avoid.
Her white trash, which mother said she tied with joy.
All right.
I'll buy a little pilot.
And I'll buy a little pilot.
You're too young to buy a little pilot.
You're never gonna see that.
Oh, I trash, which mother must live through her son.
But he says that fly is.
Don't see this much fun.
Bill, she says you have to.
Do it for me.
Now help me set up my new widespread TV.
Child, pilot, oh we're flying.
Child, pilot, you're too young to fly.
You're never gonna see that.
Child, pilot, oh we're flying.
Would you slip and fall?
Why your window is open?
Or run down the hall?
Why your window is open?
I'm out to choose.
I choose you.
Cause your temp will watch while you're with those open.
You loved the Miss Fraser on here.
You cherished the Miss Fraser on Frager.
Now 17 time, any winning and 38 time Betty Ford residing Kelsey Grammer is delving into uncharted territory with Kelsey Grammer sings very white.
If you don't mind my saying so, I feel that your love far exceeds that which I can get enough of.
Or so it's not a conclusive thought with a proposition as a word of your love.
I cannot get enough.
Not since William Shanders Lucy in the sky with diamonds and Pat Foom's tutti fruity has there been such a torrid juxtaposition of an Anglo-oriented song stylist interpreting otherwise enjoyable soulful melodic renderings.
Pardon me ma'am, but when would be a convenient time for you and I to get it on?
Oh yeah, my mojo is working.
I think it is.
Plus if you act now we'll throw in at some additional charge a free bonus track of Mr. Grammer's stirring rendition of ice case.
Shout.
What you happen to be privy to the knowledge of who that African American's tech div is for whom many of the young ladies have.
Amorous feelings.
Oh yeah, you're done.
So get Kelsey Grammer sings very white.
He makes very white very white.
Oh, I really got my book of work and now mama watch me work.
Put on my five own ones and I heard it from the street.
Just check down the best of roster and I'm starting to feel the heat.
I started to see people checking out my buttons I see.
There I got a first class riser.
It's the pitch to set my gene.
Now it's morning or morning.
I'm finding it impossible to see how I'm spotting a word.
All right.
I feel like an absolute out of real.
So those brothers, you're far more to follow them up to the day of the Christmas.
Just to see what he would do.
It's the face you feel as energetic boys.
There's a pretty little ghost that she's waiting for his ghost.
Down in the jungle room.
We're starting what is the man's best.
All right.
It's really impossible to conceal what's starting what is the man's best.
It's almost impossible to see what's starting what is the man's best.
It's almost impossible to see what is the man's best.
It's really impossible to see what's starting what is the man's best.
I'll play this.
Five meals are going to start having a shot.
Everybody put your hands deep in your pocket.
Time to feel the change.
Oi!
People are watching women of serenade.
Their greens is in view.
I'm not sharing something he's bringing.
They're not going to talk in.
Not much to look at.
But I ain't looking at his nails just a little too long.
So that's all the little tricks on.
His love is just a little too long.
But while they're running, I will be mowing love in here.
Oh my god.
That's what I can make me just with the child.
He's got a really little trouble.
I'm fishing for love.
Oh my god.
That's what I can make me just with the child.
He's got a really little trouble.
I'm fishing for love.
He's got a really little trouble.
He's got a really little trouble.
He's got a really little trouble.
He's got a really little trouble.
It's just gone.
Let me ask you one very important question.
What's going on in the Polian coffee?
The NLSDD game show that six times better than Hollywood Squares.
It's Hollywood Queues.
You don't get your sign celebrity.
Hollywood Queues give you six times that.
Fifty four.
Well, no entertainers every day.
It's not the light.
The actor who plays the Major D on the restaurant, they always go to one.
Days of our life.
What does the formula?
High R Squares, this guy.
I'm not sure.
I thought highs are round.
Hollywood Queues.
Why, he questions.
Even crazier answers.
In some parts of China, it's okay for a man to see another man's wife come.
Completely naked.
Except for one for a bitten part.
Her what?
I can see the cute part of the middle of the cube here.
Hollywood Queues.
They have six times what are you than Hollywood Queues?
What you think about it?
Is it all that much of an accomplishment?
What would be something if Polian were stuck in the middle with you?
1255.
And of course, if you meet one of those people, you know, they're the nicest God damn people.
That's what I've discovered.
You meet those questions.
You know, if you meet a God damn Muslim, they are the better the salt of the earth.
You meet a Buddhist.
They are the nicest God damn people.
Sure, you could be the dumbest person I've ever spoken to.
Of course, you said it was a, did he say it was a Christian?
Four minutes.
One thing that should be a Christian, but when you start saying it, then you know that the serious help is in order.
Four and a half to one of five, 60 WQM.
It's still one to two hours.
Hello, no.
I would like to ask you a question.
My son was watching your program on, on, on, on, on, on me on my, on my, on the date was the, um, 15.
And, um, I would like to know if you're some kind of anti-Christ or something, because now my son wants to worship the devil, because he thinks it's cool.
And he also wants to just as ladies and, and solicit on now.
I don't know if the whole 10 or 69 is the anti-Christ channel.
Um, please, I'm really concerned and I would like to know if you're the anti-Christ.
Thank you.
And, please, if I see you somewhere, I wouldn't use something to see water, because you know you turn my son into a baguette, and you made my son serve the anti-Christ.
Thank you.
And, have a nice day.
Hello, I am a black female American, and I'm calling due to the fact that I am listening to 6, 10 a.m. currently.
And I do not appreciate the comments that are being made referring to black Americans.
It is ridiculous that the way they are talking about people on welfare, because there are more white people on welfare.
In America, then blacks, there is more white trash out there. They're not trying to get job, they just want to lay around and have babies from black people.
And I would appreciate it if you would stop making those horrendous comments, because I'm sick and tired of it, and I will call my lawyers.
I really hope you use this on the year. I've been listening to UAM now for maybe 20 years, at least. I've been living here for 40 years.
I've never heard anything as disgusting as this new raw just program. I've heard of it before.
It's pornographic. And I thought of my granddaughter of one of my kids listening to his bizarre.
I'll tell you frankly, I am done listening to your station. This is the gruffles' gross thing I have ever heard.
I was on the turn. You're off my book. Goodbye.
Yes sir, I'll do respect. I just want to let you know that I was able to make contact with the FCC and Washington DC.
And they said they were going to send me information in a package. As far as making a formal complaint about the Neo-Logis show and the format.
And I'll tell you a people to contact the Christian Coalition Ralph Stores. And we might be able to organize a group of people that can call the sponsors.
And all the spots during the Neo-Logis show and complaint and possibly let them know that we will not be shopping in the stores as long as the commercial's are being ran during the Neo-Rogis show, which is not a show. It's obscene and pretty disgusting.
Now all this can be avoided if you guys change the format, tone it down, ask that disgusting pig to stop talking about anal sex.
So it's in your hands. I feel that you guys are turning it down a little bit and I will probably not go ahead and bother complaining.
Otherwise it's ready to go. You know, right, it's a pig.
I turned my radio on the other day and got Uncle Neo-Logis program, whatever it was. It was the silliest thing I've ever heard in my life.
If the children were around, it's horrifying. I'm surprised. The producer, you let that go on the air. I've heard other complaints about it even from the health there.
I wish it rectified that and do something about it. No need to be taking God's name in the vein. And the pacifying women is well, I couldn't even mention it.
Thank you very much. George, this is Robert. I'm playing an ad a town all the time on business, whatever. I was looking for a good sports talk radio station and having to find Neil Rogers.
See honest with you, pathetic. Very pathetic. And this guy, I mean, if this is all you got, I'm sports talk radio. It is horrible.
So I definitely try to find somebody who's there. That's for sure. And his whole GD thing and everything else. Just tell him one day we'll all face the Lord. All right. Have a great day.
The guy that you have talking on your sports department, I heard him the other day talking about the illegals that they're getting now to play the game.
And you know, it's very clear that he's talking about the Cuban illegals. And I want to tell you that that's very sh**.
Someone to talk that way about illegal because, you know, him himself is not is not a native here. He's not an American Indian. Everybody here has been illegal sometimes or the other.
And I don't like anybody talking like that about Cuban people. Okay. Cause you know, he talks about like that. The Cuban people about his nationalities, the piece of sh**.
Okay. There's nothing but rock to hear the poor people. That's how that's how you know that's the American way. So they'll talk about Cuban people that way. But the vast holds you guys.
I heard a commercial on your station yesterday about one o'clock in the afternoon. Something about a voice would speak out if someone approaches your automobile.
And a voice of a big black something or other would come out and say get away from my automobile or you're too close to my automobile. You big MF.
I object seriously because profanity like that on the radio. And I object to the profanity and that type of advertising. I believe in free speech, but that's too far.
If I don't hear with urban to this complaint from you, I will send a letter to the federal communications commission because no kind of that kind of language is certainly not acceptable on public radio.
It might be alright between individuals, but not on the radio. You can call me back on.
Mr. Ayes. E.M. Thank you.
Hi, now I'm a Miami resident and I just happened to hear a real talk show on my way home and I think it's absolutely horrible. And I don't understand how anybody with values and morals or social conscience can allow such a thing to be broadcast on this station.
This guy is just cursing the people insulting, blaspheming, just spreading anger and hatred. I don't understand that. I mean, do you have children? Do you have a family? Do you care what's going on in the world?
No.
That just bad stuff should be going around. Someone just venting all their hatred and anger at innocent people and they just left somebody crying on the air. And maybe it's very popular and makes a lot of money for your station, but this is really not what the world needs.
Things are bad enough. I don't think we need a guy like this. And I really find it very offensive and just horrible. I mean, how would you like if your children were listening to that and glowing up in a road where this kind of thing is acceptable?
People can talk like that and be paid for it and be endorsed. I'm just horrified and disgusted. And I'm sure I'm not the only person who feels that way. Please try and take consideration of the rest of the world and the other people that have to listen to this kind of garbage.
And I hope you will because this is really something that's not acceptable. If you want this wealth, it gets to be a better place. This is not the way to do it.
I've been listening to WKM for five to six years and I've watched the Morning Show evolve and everything. I have a problem. I'm taking my kids to school and I'm taking commercials for the guy that curses nasty, nasty things.
There's no warning. It just blurted out. You can hear the bleep. You can hear the venom in his voice. I don't have a chance to turn off my radio quick enough.
Now I heard it. You know I had a problem again the other day. I can't explain that stuff to my kids. I've been listening to this station for a long time and I think you're ruining it by infiltrating it with this nasty language.
I don't know what I can do but I just thought I'd better call you know and tell you. It's different with Hank. If Hank calls someone in some of a picture, just heard the guy act like a son of a bitch.
There's a reason for it. The other guy with his part and his asshole and the lady curses is ruining their first team. I think Joe Rowe should stand up and get this off.
I'm going to ask him to pick off his program. There's a lot of people like me that have children and I still like to hear someone say, pissed off on my way to work.
I don't think it's appropriate. If you're going to have to announce your program in the middle of your day, leave it there. To make the other program, it means us and it really insults my intelligence and that's not clear.
I don't know what is up to two later. Neil Rogers I think is the perfect example of queer. What is his purpose for his new show or his ugly show? He uses that word rectum every five minutes because that's what his brain is. He's never going to get past his self-slaughter audience because that's the town and the people that he's always complaining about are the only fools that would give him any time of day. Eventually his rainfall drops so low you'll have to readjust his rectum.
George or Neil whoever it is, you can tell your fake facts. He has no right to talk religion because he is a bag of and he is not representative of our thinking.
Thank you. I'm Eric Christmas and happy New Year. Okay, 10 minutes after one of five 60 W2M. We got 800 bucks per cent of one plus the bid on the Furby is 85 bucks. Wow, pretty weak.
That's it. The Albertsons not held in Park Boulevard. Chris and the Joe are there. Lou or whatever is name is are up there in the QM van and we got 50 minutes and somebody's going to get that Furby. It looks like it a Steve Wolf of by and we got all the best to me. You'll see these and stuff as well. Albertsons corner.
Now, but open Park Boulevard in Geri, I think town. Where do you find Joe Rose? Just a forest and Steve Coltsy. The first team right where you got it sports radio five 60 Q. A. L. I got you there.
Get me a 50 for an aeroplane. All right. I'll get on the Wheel of Fortune game. I just got to win. Then the wheel again. Oh, Vanna. Big me a letter. Bank rock. What do you mean? Bank ride on care? How much money I got to spend. Can't
get me a stick. For an aeroplane. Gonna be on the Wheel of Fortune game. I just got to win. Then the wheel again. Oh, Vanna. Big me a letter. Oh, Vanna. Look at me. Oh, hi.
Get out of my face. Hey, there. I'm going to be a little bit. You're a meek of a home game. I'm a 64 and aeroplane. All right. I'm on the Wheel of Fortune game. I just love that sound. I'm in the bonus round. Hey, Vanna. Big me a letter.
I'm going to be a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of a meek of
been a himave meek of been a himave meek of been a himave meek of been a himave meek of been a himave meek of a meek of burning my heart burning your cheeks agile more 위 with my hands faster
so he can I can I am coming back so he can I can I am coming back so he can I am coming back so he can help me
Choloina
W.D. Kuhn got the 600 bucks we're set away over there up in Elverton and still an eighty five dollar bid on the Furby
Oh my god either our audience is a hell of a lot smarter than the kiss audience or we just don't have one
So speaking to having a audience our friend John and Lake Worthbacks is a caustic letter about Rick and Sub's going in the morning and booking on the
afternoon
I'm stupid talk and
I'm not gonna waste my time reading the letter which is very well written
But the response from Peter Bolger now there lies the rub here's the best
Your mail has been forwarded to me from Rhino Wolf says Peter radio stations never get enough feedback
So it's always appreciated when people take the time to let us know what they think we believe that no first
Not I understand how you and others have gotten comfortable with Rick and Sub's in the afternoons
Although I don't promise anything perhaps if I could be spotted some of your comments
You find it easier to understand except these changes
Mornings are the most important time period on a radio station. This is why most the most competitive
What is it? This is why it is the most competitive?
This is why stations put what is arguably their strongest show on in this time period
Why they had John Ford on with a 0.6
With the regal with fractions. Oh
They put their strongest show on in the morning a 0.6
If every station made the decisions based on being afraid of one of the radio stations are doing there would be no
Howard Stern no Paul Kasternova no Bob and Tom etc
Just a few years ago everyone thought her and Nick being were unbeatable of the old WGTR
We did did we think that no of course not keep these things in mind one
Rick and Sput have done most of their career mornings in fact nearly half the years have been taught I have been in the mornings
They hate the mornings number
Number three goes from number one to number three
I'm serious. There is no number two who is number two. I guess Patrick McGill is looking for him
Number three mornings are not an insult in the industry
It's the most desired time slot all the waking up at 3 a.m. in the morning is something you never get used to
Number four Rick is very confident of his ability to compete in morning drive if you're a real fan
Maybe you would be too. I'm not so sure this is number five
I'm not so sure what can tell they're insulted by having book any afternoon. So do you like that?
Yeah, I wonder I wonder how they like having the book in the afternoon. That makes us feel like duty now bed
I accept the fact that you'll miss the drive home with Rick and Sudd I hope now you've got a better understanding why this decision was made
I accept you may not like the decision
But at least you'll know why the decision was made Peter Bolger
They consistently the unflammable the absolutely perfect operations manager at car queer champs. There you go. Nice go on Pete
Morning drive is our most important time. That's why we put our top talent like John Ford in the morning
He's a creative monster is what he is with a 0.6. Oh
The number that you couldn't find with a goddamn magnifying glass with those magnum vision reading glasses
That Ranieri was always pedaling right?
No, no, no, no, no, no, oh
God. Yeah, Ranieri is coming January 2nd. Okay. All your first team sports nerds out there look out now
You got a real tourist coming baby
When I were gonna have to give an AP wire
For the birthday of this
And this day in history and that prayer
They say their weapons
mass destruction
Oi
I think we say a couple made a chance
Tommy Rock it puts the lotion in the basket
In the golf course
Let him off the hook
I think it's time to
give his butt a whirl
So
it's
Those feet
All right
Teal that
notices
Throw up the
It works the notion in the basket.
And the same cup of dirt and chemicals that burn
that you might burn in a pot's coat.
If we lay it in the air, we'll be wet.
And there's cold, summer days, cold, won't see snow.
I'll hear rock out, bring it to an end.
I'll hear rock, long enough again.
I'll hear rock, I won't see an end.
I'll hear rock out.
Ooh, okay.
I'll toss this stupid ball, bomb the rock.
I'm here to pin the cup, bomb the rock.
Sadah, who say the mother fucker?
Sadah, who say the mother fucker?
I rise to crappy little constraints.
That was like some mustache on the face.
Just get rid of that.
You're a drinker, Cubby, and blow up the whole goddamn plate.
It's like crazy?
It's notices murder.
It's true.
We leave every變.
It's not the truth, it doesn't mean we have to face the mother fucker.
Okay.
Okay.
Stop bombing back dead.
Do it every day.
I want to watch it on TV.
I rack, I rack.
We've not looed.
It should take a day.
Let us just put an end to it.
I rack, I rack.
I want to wake up and see their cities don't exist.
Put an end in air and tell that it's not a machine.
We're really pissed you're on the my skin.
That little piece of shit.
I get away.
I'll get them off to make a hit from all new York.
The bomb has got to go off that now.
We all know we've gone to bomb.
I rack, I rack.
I rack, I rack.
I want to wake up and see their cities don't want to exist.
I rack.
I rack.
We can't beat beat again.
I rack.
Why not stop to save you?
Let's make a party wanna miss out.
That old guy rack.
When all the boys are there, I'll do a show.
With that chick there and say goodbye.
I rack, I rack.
I rack.
Who knows, certain heads bang bang your dead.
1.25 to 5.50.
20.25 to about 560 bucks per cent.
They got 800 on kiss.
What does that tell you?
That means there are 10 times more generous than ours.
We're looking for a good place where we have to send the event out tomorrow.
We could raise a lot of money.
If you want to go over to the sodgrass tomorrow, is that our audience over there to sodgrass?
No.
They need for Christmas, is that our crown?
No.
So let's have the audience call in with someplace good where we can send them tomorrow.
Where do you find Hank Goldberg?
White where you got it.
Sports radio 560.
QAL.
I think I like my vibe.
This is Debbie.
Hi Debbie.
I'm interested in getting some operations done.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
And I was wondering if it's tummy tuck and lip augmentation cosmetic breast surgery face lift.
All of these things.
And I was wondering.
What was that you started with?
Well, I need to get everything done.
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No.
Could you do breast implants though?
It can be done.
The name of the day they would do the right way.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
How much?
5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurface too.
Laser surgery.
Have the limbs stop crying yet, mommy?
Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first.
And then upon looking at you, we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
If you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay.
And there is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
My name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay.
Let me get a little information from you.
Mommy, what's the lotion in the basket?
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Or do you want to call me back?
Yeah.
What's the lotion in the basket?
I understand.
I got my skin suit and it looks like a...
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
Would you like to...
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
I will talk to you in the chat.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello?
Okay.
So what is he trying to say?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Oh, that's what I thought.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
I said you were going to wear conclusion a few questions.
Hello? QAM?
No, they can still take your call today.
Is he what?
Is he still taking call?
What did you want to talk about?
If you can play the Buffalo Bill's version of the dolphin song?
Okay, that'd be great.
Okay, thanks.
Come on, let's get some ideas.
The Broward lines are all ringing now, but Dave County, they don't want us in Dave.
Is that the deal? That's the message?
Well, we get the message, okay, they don't like us in Dave County.
We're in struggle in the British for like the what?
Last 10 months, only been on the year 12 months.
Last 10 months, there's been a real loud message.
We hate to like poison in Dave County.
No speaking English, blow it out your ass, mama law, whatever.
And best of may cool, that's the message from Dave County, okay?
Go have another fixed election and get out of our face.
Go to the QAM.
Who?
WQAM.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Neil, it's Andy. How you doing?
WQAM.
Hi, Neil.
Yes.
Happy holidays.
And the same to you.
How are you today?
Great.
I haven't suggested into the QAM van.
Yeah.
So we're East and Broward.
Everything's West.
Nothing's East.
Okay, like we're like in Fort Lauderdale.
No, it's Fort Lauderdale, Parthenon.
How about Tamarack?
No, that's...
No, no, no, no.
Tamarack's...
How about Wilten anders?
How about Wilten anders?
How about Wilten anders?
Where are all those...
Oh, no, no, no.
Hello, there's somewhere anywhere.
Give me a for instance, I mean once you get East in Fort Lauderdale,
that's not my territory except Bruce Chris.
Give me an area.
Um, East like commercial and federal area.
I think you got it.
Oh, wow, thanks a lot.
Well, at least I'll mark it down.
It'll be one of our...
Okay, because this is going to be big tomorrow.
It's a day before Christmas.
Commercial and federal, I'm sure there's gas stations
on the courthouse up there, or some kind of a place
that they might let us park and hang out
and give them a lot of free publicity.
You think there might be?
No.
When that be something, he takes the van up there
like into an anico.
Hey, get out of here, you assholes.
We hate your station, especially that bag of it, okay?
You think they might say that?
Uh-huh.
Too bad.
Then we'll put you more publicity.
Here's WQAM.
Where's...
I like a big, big, big stood.
WQAM.
Hey.
Yes sir.
I'd like to make a $110 bid for the Furby.
Yeah, sure.
See, now here we go again.
We're not bidding on the era, okay?
I know that we appreciate it very much.
In fact, that's what we should have done.
Although you never...
You can't legitimize it.
That way you can't, you know, you don't have no idea
if they're going to really do it.
If it's legit.
Now, what a grabor called before off the air wanted to bid.
And of course, is he legit?
No.
So George said forget it.
We'll see you up there at that bogus place.
You're pushing up in Palm Beach, the Coral Sky Amphitheater,
where people get pneumonia.
Now, I talked to Nick Carter from the Backstreet Boys.
I said, hey Nick, would you guys go back and appear there again?
He said, no.
No chance.
He said not for $2 billion when we go back to that place.
But anyway, what do you have a happy, uh, a grisha holiday?
No, we're not.
We're doing it over there.
And I realized that it makes it a little more difficult for people
to go over there.
And, uh, but isn't that the way they did it on kiss?
How do they do it?
I have no idea.
Well, why don't you call your good friend Bob McCain
and find out too late now we should have checked in with him
and find out how they raised 800 bucks.
He's an asshole.
Yeah.
They probably went out there and picked their nose for, like, you know,
speaking of Booger Bell Monty, that's probably how they did it.
Hey, here's another Booger for it.
They thought it was going to be filled with that Buffalo Bill Saw.
He's the, um...
Well Buffalo has a football team, the greatest in the land.
And everybody thinks that's like, I think baby, uh,
the Buffalo Bill's not enough for what, see what I mean?
So just sing along.
When you say my amy, when you say Buffalo,
and here's that Buffalo Bells, Buffalo Bells,
the greatest team in the history of human race,
that's Buffalo Bells, the greatest team in sliced bread and 10 beers.
Yeah, there you go.
And you're jazzed up that redneck stuff,
delicious ass banjo.
Holy sweet god, listen to that.
When you say Buffalo Bells, it don't sound so redneck, you do it.
Everybody sing along now.
How you bill fans? Here we go.
Well, the Buffalo Bells are the best teams.
They have the best record over the last five years.
And they went to the Super Bowl for a hard time,
which is what I can say for this scum-socconfinity.
And they're the greatest.
Because they really like their uniforms.
They sure is healthy, they have a fish on the helm,
because they're Buffalo home bills.
Their best football team, what I ever seen,
in the history of my life, they are the Buffalo Bells.
The Buffalo Bells, the homogenous,
telling the greatest quote, if I can believe it.
Yeah, everybody, that's Buffalo Bells.
Yeah, the Buffalo Bells.
And they've been around,
longer than the stinkin' rotten fish.
Well, they're the Buffalo Bells.
Buffalo Bells.
What would you rather have as a pet, a Buffalo or a fish?
Okay, 145 and 56 UW-2M.
Adam from sales just giving you those $100 check.
Thank you, Adam. Good guy.
121,984 plus what we got out there,
which is 740 plus 100 for the Afrobe.
Is that it? That's up to the minute.
100 bucks for the Afrobe.
Okay, I'm gonna tell you something.
I can't come in here again.
If I ever see that damn funny stocks again,
I'm just not gonna be able to look them in the puts.
I'll look quite frankly.
If you stuck up an ant in his mouth,
it would need to be illegal.
Okay, anyway, we'll figure out some place to be tomorrow.
You realize now that we are over 100,
we're like right on the edge of 123 grand?
I remember not too many weeks ago,
somebody in the 80s around here who have no idea what they're talking about.
Well, you know, your race, 140 was the most you ever got for a cent of one,
like two years ago, but that was with Phil and with Rick and Sods and with any LLs and all this other stuff.
Like, oh, we can't do anywhere near that.
Just with you, who now wants that kneel stuff, right?
Yeah, who now wants your crap, mister?
And here we are at 123 with eight days to go
and with tomorrow gonna be a spectacular day,
wherever we decide to go.
Somebody to QAM.
Good afternoon.
Yes, sir. How are you?
Great. I want to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
I'm outstanding.
Oh, you took it told.
I'm the gentleman that wrote the letter to Earl Mocker.
Oh, yeah.
Earl Mumser with the scum set.
We, um, I have that right here, by the way,
sir, you'll be pleased to know that I've saved that.
It's right over here somewhere.
I kind of felt like I tried to take up the task a little bit.
And I didn't mention it in my letter,
but I had about a 20 minute phone conversation with him.
And I said, I understand your position,
and I don't agree with it, but I have a question.
But if since you feel that there are a lot of people out there
that are interested in the spread, I'm not a gambler.
I mean, I like to watch football and hockey, but I mean, I don't care.
But the spreads, I don't pay attention to that.
But why do they have to accept the advertising, then, sir?
Well, you know, you know, as he never made any mention
of the advertising, if he would have mentioned that,
it would have admitted that he's a whore, which we all are in the media,
but he doesn't want to admit it.
Well, I talked to him on the phone about that.
I said, well, then, you know, why do you accept their advertising?
You said, well, you know, and I said, well,
because you got an editorial policy, and you got a fiscal policy,
and you got to make money, right?
And he didn't dispute that.
Yeah.
So, I mean, I just...
I mean, they got a monopoly.
There's one newspaper in each county, basically,
and they got a gigantic monopoly, and they make a money handover fist.
If they were that goody, too, she was convinced that this was so bad
for the people in this community.
Why don't they replace that ad with an ad for a shoe store or a furniture store?
I'm sure there's plenty of other people that advertise their damn papers.
Totally agree.
Right.
At any rate, Neil, happy holidays.
The center one stuff is great.
Thanks for watching.
And take care.
See ya.
Bye.
That's Jim from North Miami Beach.
They wrote a great letter to Earl Mumser at the editor of the Scum Central,
whose an Earl responds, but with that article I read the other day,
that idiotic column, we believe that non-gamers are interested in point spreads,
as much as those who make that sports fans want to know their professional
odd makers are favorite.
I know before I was...
Like before the game tonight, the Panthers in Washington,
I'm going to open up that Scum Central and make sure I check out
that the point spread real close.
And of course, I would never make a bet.
Oh, God.
I mean, it's written like for a kindergarten child,
even they would be laughing at that crap.
W-Q-A-M.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
Terrific, so.
Yes, it is.
I like it.
Thanks for doing a great job.
Two things.
I think I didn't...
I mean, I've heard what you said about it, but I think I know the answer.
Why don't you ask Doeback?
Yeah.
And...
Because we already got...
What is that?
We got busted little guys already.
What is that?
What's that sound?
I can't much more.
Okay, have a nice day.
Well, that's not his phone.
What is that?
Tell me how it is that?
Where is it coming from?
Oh, my God, we've been invaded by Martians.
Let's see, is it coming to any of my pots?
No.
Is it coming from in there?
I think it's the end of the world.
It must be like an air raid.
Seriously, where is that coming from?
What's going on?
Huh?
That's a fact thing, I don't know.
Well, anyway, the reason we don't want it back is we already got a couple of little guys.
Okay, you don't go back when you go forward and they made one mistake.
What the hell was that?
What was that coming from?
Wasn't on the phone line because I had to hang up on that guy.
What was that?
It must have been over in the other place.
Was it on the line?
Was it on the ISDN?
Was it...
Do we have any idea what that was all about?
Hello!
That was pretty exciting.
Man, do we know?
No, we don't know.
It was low from us, he said.
It was coming from over here.
Oh, my God.
It must have been an active...
Damn, God!
Woo!
Do you believe that, man?
Yes, Virginia, there is really a...
Damn, God.
That's right, and he works in very mysterious ways.
So anyway, we don't need to do it back.
And if there are fans out there, we're going to get sucked into this deal.
That Brian Murray is going to try to cover his action hours, his spokesman.
And it's right about you.
I mean, you just can't go backward.
You got to move forward.
I mean, the idea of having three little guys on the same team is unacceptable.
It's unrealistic.
We need like Pavel Burry would be nice.
We'll take him instead, okay?
Can we get Pavel Burry?
No.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Now, if we could use Felix, Paat, Van and Gold.
We're going to get Felix.
No.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot John Burke played two games, okay?
Two go outstanding games in a row.
And that's going to make a lifetime.
Does that make a career?
No.
I mean, you're just going to hear the same old crap because they aren't going to unleash the big bucks.
So they're going to be talking about things like, you know, let's get Stewie back now to try to pass it by the fan and pull the woolly over their eyes.
We're trying to figure out what we should send the van.
We're going to stick it tomorrow.
I'm sure somebody out there will tell us where to stick it.
Now, that is QAM.
Now, that is QAM.
Yeah, how you going?
Want to get on with Neil?
Okay, speaking.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
I listened just recently, really quite a down here from Jersey.
Yeah.
You had it been asking some questions earlier on the radio about anybody listening to that first team in the morning.
One of the things I have happened to do since I'm new to the areas.
I started listening to them for a couple of days.
And now, I just get on the internet and listen to national programming.
Huh.
We have some questions, Neil.
You know what the odds are on tonight's game?
Yeah.
One and a half.
One and a half?
Yeah.
Mathers?
No.
See you.
Good idea.
Nine minutes before we go back to Jersey.
Okay, he must, you know, who he must have been?
He must have been a close person, a friend of Christina.
More on!
Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised if he's from Jersey.
Nine minutes before two at 560 WQA.
