I had the button pushed on my keychain unlock.
I heard the little click. I'm ready to get out.
It was two seconds away from sanity.
Now that was two o'clock yesterday, so it's 20 hours later,
and I'm still psychotic about it.
About a display in the parking lot downstairs that went on
that is so unacceptable.
And if anybody ever opens up a mouth like that to me,
they'll have a knuckle sandwich in two seconds.
And the people I'm going to tell you, when you pick on,
see, this is something that really just amazes me.
It's real easy to pick on underlings.
Anybody can do that. The board ops, the producers, the,
uh, track, whoever it might be.
Anybody can do that.
See, I don't waste my time with that.
I wait, I spend my time dealing with management who are always
incompetent and here at a level that is so staggering that it
just blows my mind.
But abusing the people who work around you.
And by the way, most of the people I've encountered here,
the so-called little people who are underpaid and overworked
are pretty damn good.
Joe Costello, Robert, Josh Friedman, he may be fat and smell bad,
but he did our show a few days. He did a fine job.
Tommy in the morning, I don't know, but it seems to me he probably
does a good job. I don't know who's the, uh, who does
hang show who has to put up with that crap every day.
Josh and Jason, Josh and Jason, who have to be at gun use all the
time. See, I'm going to tell you something.
If you had a bad day at the track, if you had, uh, you know,
not getting laid enough, whatever it is, don't take it out of the
people around you. It's not acceptable.
Not acceptable. And it said that I have to waste time on his show
today, especially.
And I always, I'll spend plenty of time on it today.
I feel like a school teacher here.
I know I talked about it when I first started on the station eight weeks ago,
and I said, I'm going to have to bring these people kicking and screaming
into the world of real radio or at least something close to it.
Because there's so far removed from it that it's just unbelievable.
You'd have to be here to believe it. You'd have to see it with your own five
eyes to believe what goes on here day in and day out,
out of the name of business.
And abusing the people you work with every day.
And I know that most of you listening to me right now, you work for other
people. And let me say it one more time.
If you work for yourself and you make a decent living, I'm not talking about
rich. But if you work for yourself and you make a decent living, I can't tell
you how envious I am of you.
Because working for other people blows.
It blows because most of the time you wind up working for people who are in
ept, who are assholes, who are wannabes, who are liars,
who are procrastinators, who don't know what the hell they're doing.
But that doesn't mean you have to take crap.
And I'm not going to mention any names on the year today, fellas.
But I'm going to tell you right now, don't ever even dream of opening up a mouth to me
because you'll not only have a knuckle sandwich, but your head will be on your
reinies.
It's 1009 and 560 QIM. If you're feeling there he comes broadcaster.
There's action.
The pitch strike is the, he's through that far right pass clock suspense.
It's my thing. It could be.
It is a
romance.
Oh, look at that.
Steve only
Clint Eastwood is dirty Harry carry coming to a theater near you.
I'm a hero.
I want a
three
three
three
two
five
five
five
three
so anyway, it's 1015 on five 60 QIM. Like I said, it's a good thing.
We knew he was gone this time. We knew that was all over and it was just a matter of time.
But it's a real good thing. I guess that for me also for my sanity because it'll break up today.
What's going to go on a new show? Just a little bit of a diversion.
because Harry Carey made me a cup fan. I couldn't have given a crap less about the Chicago cups until I got a satellite dish in 1987.
Big, uh, big dish. Watch WGN and there was Harry Carey doing a Cubs games and of course there's a little kid growing up. See, this down here, like I've told you many times, is a wasteland.
All you get on AM radio down here is no speak at English, but I be compatible. It's a tower of babble down here because the, the, it's so low.
Florida's flat as a pancake and as a result, the signals from like living in breathing places don't get in here very often. Very rarely.
Maybe once in a while if the wind is blowing in the right direction, you get WSB from Atlanta, which blows.
But as a kid growing up up north, you become a sports fan based on that radio. Back in the days when there used to be real broadcasts, there's not a bunch of ex-jocks.
But people who could paint a verbal picture and make any sport exciting. Who could make the hair stand up on the back of your neck, who'd get you involved and make whatever the sport was, whatever the game was.
Get you emotionally involved in it, even if it wasn't really all that exciting, they could still take it and make it exciting.
And so I grew up listening to real broadcasts. It was not unfortunately we got like one and a half generations now who've grown up being exposed to bush leagers, to ex-jocks, Joe Dajiola, Phil Rosuto, Jerry Coleman.
People who couldn't broadcast their way about goddamn paper sack because they once wore a jock strap for a couple of exceptions to that like Pat Someral, who's a great football announcer.
I don't care what anybody says. Someral's great, especially when he sober. But most of these guys are garbage, but when you were a kid and you grew up listening to Mel Allen and Bob Prince and Vince Scully, who I'm not a fan of his, but nevertheless, he's still around not to.
In fact, there's almost and Ernie Harwell, who's also still around and Harry Kerry, KMO waxed doing the cardinals forever and ever and Jack Buck, who started doing Rochester Red Wing baseball in the early 50s, mod up in St. Louis with Harry Kerry.
And so Harry Kerry made me a Cubs fan and the only reason I ever watched Cubs baseball and I was lucky enough that the second or third year, I guess the third mile, the second full season I watch Cubs baseball is the year they won the division and went to the world series.
Would Sandberg and Mark Grace and Mike Balekie and Greg Maddox and I mean, and then of course, I would be because Mike Disney, our GM at that time was from Chicago when a Cubs fan.
We started doing that thing every year where we would go up to Chicago and do a show from a referee's bleachers right across from RG Lee Field.
And it was a waste of programming. I mean, there's no question in my mind that doing those shows just blew off the entire audience, but I loved it. It was great. It was a lot of fun.
And George even got to go a one year for about two minutes until they said, OK, get back on a plane and go back home because you're having too good of a time and it's for free more pain for it.
Right? Yeah. We were sitting right under him, by the way. Huh? He sped sped up on the backs of our heads. We were sitting right under him. Remember when he leaned out to sing the take me out. He also came on the show, the one year. I don't know if you were there that year. No, that was the year before where Marvin got to go, even though I was your producer. Yeah, well, Marvin, of course. That's another story.
But it anyway, it's speaking of abusing the producers. There's somebody who should have abused night and even abuse him. God, what a waste. We should bring it back. Try it again for about just one show would be good. Make up for lost time.
But at any rate. So the one year, I guess it was the first year we did a show up there. And that time, Saul Fouce was my agent. I wonder if Saul still in jail.
But anyway, he was my agent. He was also Harry carries lawyer and agent. And since they were so tight, Saul Fouce was kind enough to get Harry to, you know, come over to Murphy's bleachers before the game, which was a big deal because everybody's always Harry was driven by limousine.
From the hotel he lived at in Chicago, which somebody will call and tell me I don't remember which hotel it was, but he and his wife, Dutchie lived in this hotel.
And because Harry didn't drive because he liked to be a bud man and the imbibe, I hell of a lot. They used to bring him by limo to wriggle field every day.
And so we're on a year doing a show and it gets to be let's see in Chicago would have been the game start there at 220. So it was 120. We're still on the year. So maybe it was like about 12 30, I guess.
And Harry it's been supposed to come by around that time didn't show up and I'm saying, well, of course we know how busy he is. He's not going to be able to make it today, but it's really great to be here across from really feel you can Murphy's bleachers, you look out the window and there's the ballpark right across the street.
And now as I'm saying this, the door opens and here's this very little unimposing man with these big glasses walks in and there's Harry who took the time because Saul Fouce asked him to do it and came on the show.
And he was just as amazing in person as he was on the air, a real character, one in a billion.
Then I brought back the days when he did St. Louis, Billiken's basketball and KMOX, which most people of course don't even know that they ever did that and was great at it too.
I mean, to think that I'm listening to University of St. Louis basketball on the radio on KMOX. I mean, how the hell could I have been interested and really wasn't.
But he just made it so goddamn exciting that you couldn't help but listen.
And back in those days, Buddy Blatterner, there's another ex-jocke and he was great. He did the St. Louis Hawks games.
Back in the days when he had a few white people playing basketball, you didn't have to be a seven foot freak to play and it was a great and exciting game.
When Bob Pettit and Cliff Hagen and all those guys were playing for the St. Louis Hawks.
In fact, Buddy Blatterner was so popular in St. Louis that when he tried to retire one year, there was such an outcry from the fans that he had to come back and do another season of Hawks basketball.
So anyway, after all these years are growing up and listening to these people, then I got to meet here.
And like I said, 87 got the satellite edition, became a big cup fan and watched all those games. And even last couple of years as bad as the cups have been.
If I was home any afternoon, especially on a weekend and there was nothing else on, I'd flip over to WGN. There would be Harry doing the games and it was it was kind of sad.
It was kind of sad because last three, four years, especially after he had the incident, not just so much after he had the stroke a few years ago, but after he fell down down here, that was about three, four years ago at the P.P. Park.
And he really was never the same again after that.
And of course, here's a guy who had a stroke, but it's the choice you make. He wanted to live life to the fullest and he was a carousel and a drinker and etc. And that was his choice.
But he still made it to 78, which ain't all that bad. Not too bad, especially to be able to live life the way you want it and enjoy every minute of it.
And so Harry, Carrie is gone and what that basically leaves you got your Ernie Harwell in Detroit who they tried to screw over and then they fans forced them to bring him back and been scully and Los Angeles.
And you got a bunch of, and you got, you know, a few, a few people like Mike Lang and Pittsburgh, who are real creative, real personalities, real strong identity, real great broadcast use who can paint a verbal picture.
And make sports exciting, but boy are they of anishing breed. Another 10 years, there won't be anybody like that anymore.
I became a hockey fan in 1958 and never saw a hockey game in my life. Never saw it. There was no hockey on television then.
And as a kid flipping around on my radio there and I used to listen all that baseball on Saturday night. I'd come across 740, a CBL in Toronto.
And I would listen to this man on there was Bill Hewitt. And I thought, God, this is awful exciting. I don't know what it is, but it's very exciting.
And it was hockey night in Canada. And I started listening and I became a Maple Leaf fan 40 years ago based on listening on a radio.
And I would tune in every Saturday night and then I would start following the results in the newspaper.
And here 40 years later, I'm still stuck with the same crappy team, but nevertheless it's an important part of my life based on great broadcasters.
And so when somebody insults my intelligence and tries to tell me that pretenders, and I don't want to mention any names Chris Moore, but people who sit and try to be comedians and refuse to describe the action, that people who couldn't make a game,
exciting if he held a gun to their head, that these are broadcasters, these are sportscasters. Most of these guys today are a joke.
Fred Q6 just retired and bossed into the Bruins for 100 years. One of the best, one of the greatest. And he was in, I don't know, Fred was about the same age I guess is Harry Carey, close to 80.
And he could still be working. Could still be working and could still be one of the best.
Because he made the game exciting, because he was into it, because he was a fan, because he knew how to paint a verbal picture, even on television, even on television, painting a verbal picture.
Last night came across, because what we got these Olympics, there's nothing I, it's a joke.
Came across on classic sports on a small dish that were shown the final game between Canada and Russia, from the Canada Cup 1987.
And Dan Kelly was doing a game on CTV, and one thing about classic sports that bothers me a little bit, they dig up all this great old footage, but they never give credit.
In fact, I don't think they even know who some of these people are, they never give credit and tell you who the announcers were.
And Dan Kelly, there's another voice from KMOX and St. Louis and the St. Louis Blues and before that the Montreal Canadians.
One of the greats, the Suncanned broadcast is wet of a paper bag over there with the avalanche, but nevertheless Dan Kelly was one of the greats.
And there he was last night, doing a Canada Cup game.
So that's one of the reasons that this whole, we were talking about yesterday, this synthetic era of sports.
With all these contrived songs and all this bull crap and with the signs up there, they show you a window applaud when you're supposed to get excited.
And all these prefabricated ball parts that all look the same and smell the same.
Not a question of living in the past, it's a question of having had something taken away from it.
Because it used to be fun.
And now it's nothing but business.
It's all that is just business. There isn't even the slightest element of fun to most sports anymore.
And of course, here we are on your all sports station.
And in a couple of days or a few days or in a couple of weeks when they start wrapping the bombs on Q-On Iraq, I've been wondering this last few hours because I did see several times yesterday, CNN showed that over and over and over.
That was supposed to be an orchestrated thing. There, there, you know, bubble was on there the other day and I'm all for them. I hope that they bomb the Iraqis into the stone age.
Because like Clemens said in Godfather, one of they to stop Hitler at Munich, it wouldn't have had to be there right then.
But here's all these punks and Columbus. Well, there may have been about a dozen to make it a lot of noise.
So they showed that over and over and over again. Of course, it's very obvious the seeds are being planted now that we're going to go in there again.
And I'm thinking to myself, I'm taking that one little finger now and I'm scratching that little spot on the back of my head. I'm playing Gregory Jr. now.
And I'm scratching that spot. I'm looking down at the floor and I'm asking myself, what's going to happen when Gulf War Part 2 starts having bid on WIOD during Gulf War Part 1 and during Hurricane Andrew and during a lot of other things that were going on in this community?
Where people tune in to hear us talk about them?
Oh, I do have a TV set up here. Thanks to Jeff Cohen. We have a satellite dish here. Thanks to digital world satellite digital world satellite company.
We're kind enough to donate to us. And I do have a window so I can look out the window and see if there are any mushroom clouds forming down on 441.
There are any magic mushrooms growing in a parking lot. But other than that, I have what do we do?
We just as Bob Prince would say, we just kiss a goodbye. We just kiss the audience goodbye and hope that it's a real quick war in the last for two or three days.
1028 on 560 WQAM. A.L.A.
The fire is deep schoo. I got your luxury right here.
Nothing like a big mouth in New York or I'll tell you that to make your day. 1033 at 560 WQM. I'll get back to that story. I will.
But let's take a few calls here. Here's Miami. Hello? Miami?
Yes, sir. Yeah, good morning. This is Neil. I know nothing about the radio business, but who writes those different ditties and songs that you have on your programs?
I think it's fantastic the way they do it so soon right after an incident happened.
Yeah. And who writes what do you mean so soon after an incident? Well, like this morning when you opened up. Well, that's old stuff. Oh, that's old stuff. Yeah. Oh, okay.
That I brought back at the appropriate time. You know, but who writes those things? Very creative people.
You're not kidding. I mean, they do a hell of a job. Now you started out and you said a very interesting thing. You said you know nothing about broadcasting. Right. You're hired.
We have two open lines in date. In fact, he could be our next program director or general manager. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line.
See, if I were to program director right now instead of worrying about, you know, whether or with the dolphins are going to draft somebody with a real tight end in the April draft.
I'd be worrying about what we're going to do on this radio station if and when we have Gulf Gulf War Part 2, you know, like maybe having a yeah, right.
See no evil here. No evil. Because when we had Gulf War Part 1, which is six years ago, the station wasn't doing an all sports format.
And I'm sure that they probably had you P.I. audio or they had some contact with the outside world.
Not that I'm here trying to tell anybody what to do, but between 10 and 2 here, at least we would like to realize to recognize the fact that there are occasionally in life things that transcend.
And we're in a jockstrap. And by the way, speaking of things that transcend that I drive home here yesterday after a psychotic hour was I feel like an hour was stolen from my life yesterday.
Not that I would have been doing anything important, but if I was sitting home picking my nose, it would have been more worthwhile than standing down in a parking lot yesterday.
But I get home at about 3 30 yesterday afternoon and I pull up to the intersection there where I found the street where I live.
And guess what? There's the traffic light working, not flashing anymore, but working solid green and solid red like a real honest to God traffic light there in plantation.
Nice calling guys. All right. Of course, it's just a coincidence. Just like that article that appeared in the Sun Sentinel on Monday was just a coincidence that it was verbatim what that asshole called here that cop on Friday.
And Bap Bap Bap Bap Bap was you know, give me a song of a dance. That was just a coincidence too.
So you're making some progress out there in the acres and around plantation. That's good. That's good. If you want to get a few assholes off the road during this witch hunt that's going on, it'll be good too.
Of course, just writing a lot of speeding tickets. That's that's nothing new. We're not really all that impressed by that.
And it might be a good idea to get that one hold over 30 mile an hour speed limit sign that you got over there going westbound on sunrise that you conveniently just happen somebody left it up there.
Now that all the other ones have vanished because there's no way in the world of constructions done guys no more construction zone no more double fines.
Here's Coral Springs. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I work for one of your sponsors because that are spot on and just Winston's talking about traffic.
Yesterday at parts delivery man made a delivery of our parts department on the way out of the dealership was had a minor accident and he waited four and a half hours for a cop to come.
Well, they're too busy with these witch hunts going on now. Well, an incorporated rally county all the BSL. Yeah, but the FHP does retract. They don't do accident.
And the poor guy was on a schedule. He was working trying to support his family had things to do for and a half hours in a cop body showed up unbelievable.
What is what is four radar things in the window? I've been busy on 95 give him tickets. Sorry, I had to wait for a half hour. And then unbelievable. Yes, it is. And we're paying their salary. Just keep that in mind, my friend. Absolutely. Have a great day. See you.
We have an open line in Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Here at your unscivilized station. Let me say it again starting today.
I can't control what goes on in the other building and far be it for me to tell other people what to do, but I can't open up my own mouth here on a year because I'm not intimidated by anybody.
And especially by anybody that works in this company, no matter how loud, how fat, how militant they may be doesn't impress me holds no water with me.
And the saddest thing that I see working here only seven weeks now hasn't taken me very long. Is how beaten down and whipped most of the people are who work here.
Because they've been abused, they've been ignored. And because this crap that goes on upstairs, see it's not we're not talking about two people.
We're talking about two different bodies. It's like Linda Blair. This person I'm talking about today, which I don't want to mention, fill us by name.
But this is this is the general manager in another body. This is the soul, soulmate and incarnation of the general manager in another form.
They're joined literally and figuratively at the hip. And she can stand in a parking lot and huck me a china can defend Greg Reed and defend the stories and representations and the lies that they made to me for the last 11 months since I was signed to do this show on his stage.
And she might as well go and fart into a wind storm and have the same impact. Not impressed. I'm not interested. Don't waste my time. I have to go out there and break traffic laws. I don't have time to stand around in a parking lot when I leave here every day at two o'clock.
It's interesting because the first first few weeks we were here a couple of times. He was down here and I leave it about five after two. There's no reason for me to be here at two o'clock. I'm done for the day. I'm here nice and early in the morning.
George is here way before I am. He's here way after I am. He's doing work. I'm doing my work right now and did a lot of work in the weeks before we came on the air and would have done a lot more if we had equipment to do it with.
But I'm not interested in hanging around and being a yenta because one thing I've learned over the years is people who hang around when they're not working at any kind of a place.
Ten the spread gossip and poison. And so when you're done for the day it's always a real good idea to say have a great day. See it tomorrow. See you Monday. Have a great life. Goodbye. Get in your vehicle. Get on the bus. Get on a Hershey highway and get the hell out.
Twenty before eleven on five sixty Q. I. Am there seem to be a lot of shooting five and five sixty Q. I. Am here's a mobile in four lot of Dale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I have a group Daniel fire report. Yeah. Before I tell you the fire report I have to tell you this thing about.
Yeah, the down those pieces situation. I think that's the biggest of course I've ever heard of. With the driver's not going in a certain neighborhood.
What do you mean by that? Well, I mean the fact that the the drivers that want to go into bad neighborhood and the bad neighborhood happen to be black. The black people are being persecuted. Right. Yeah, right. Exactly. It's always the same thing. You're you're persecuting your discriminating because you're not willing to risk your life and come into a neighborhood where there's all this crime. Exactly. The judge ought to be like I said, the judge ought to be forced to go to work for Domino's for a week and make him deliver all of pieces in that neighborhood. Let's say what tonight about a year ago at Florida A&M University, the ratlers.
Yeah, the pizza company absolutely stopped delivering in those neighborhoods because they were being ripped off and beaten up and everything. I think even a year ago someone was killed over a friggin pizza. Nice. Now the root Daniel fire report. Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Around the circle and you know what, Neil, her leg is not wooden. It's plastic.
Which means what? What does all of that mean? Her leg is not wooden. It's okay. We have an open line and Broward at five. What what did this man just get through? What was that? What did he say?
You don't remember that. They were making jokes pretending she had a wooden leg on the air. No. I don't know who started it. Whether it was on that show or Rick. It sounds there. And she's having his baby and she's got a wooden leg. I don't have no idea what this man was just talking about.
Very, very old. But since you mentioned Rick Riley, though, and I was talking yesterday about how much I look Rick and Sudson, we had a lot of fun working together. That's all true. The one thing that did disturb me. Well, there are a couple. There were several. But one thing that disturbed me the most about Rick that he did that is unacceptable.
And that is abusing the board off. She don't do that. And especially Adam, who is a hard worker and really dead. Whatever show he's working on, he puts his energy into it. He's a dedicated true.
Superman next to George, he was the best over there. And you ought to appreciate it when you have somebody good working for you. You should appreciate it and treat him right. That doesn't mean you always have to agree with him, but to abuse people, the brow beat people and to do it on the air or off the air, but on and off the air. It's unacceptable.
And we had a mistake. And yes, I did go ballistic over it. The end of the show. I wasn't taking it out. I needed to put in particular. I just was pointing out that it's par for the course on his joint because this place is so screwed up.
And so somebody upstairs, our traffic lady, which I don't want to mention, fill us by name, but somebody upstairs gets wind of this, which I'm sure she's listening right now. And I'm very happy to know that.
And starts calling people over the other building at QA. I'm an abusing and screaming at all kinds of people, none of whom, by the way, were responsible. And even if they were, wasn't the end of the world. There was a mistake and it was embarrassing.
Playing the same spot twice in one break. But it wasn't justification for reaming people out and carrying on and screaming at abusing people, some of whom are working for minimum wage or an ex to it and having to take a lot of crap.
And so if I have to spend a lot of the show today and I'm not doing it to try to paint myself out as being Mr. Primadon, I'm not.
But I just don't believe in abusing the people that you work with. Now in management, I'll make an exception for that because they deserve it.
These people especially, you can't complain about our management because we don't have any.
We have wannabes. We have people who make all kinds of promises and grandiose representations. And then you come to find out, well, they really don't have the final say on these things anyway.
Because the beastly people over there in Naples, these are the ones that control the first rings on this outfit, which is why every single check for any amount no matter how small it may be has to come from Naples and has to be signed off on by the beastlies, which is also why people wait for weeks and months and for lifetime, sometime before they get paid by the beastlies.
And I'm not making it up. I have no reason when I came to work here always like when I started with packs in the first three months were a paradise.
They left me alone. We were having a good time. We had some actual engineers and max, but generally speaking though it was paradise. We had a great book that fall book was gigantic. It was humongous. The log was sold out with real spots by the way.
And it was paradise. Then of course when it came down to really negotiate that window in my contract and buddy, but started acting like buddy, but packs in.
Then we started having some real problems. And even though George will find this distressing that I would save this after they blew out Steve Nichol because they thought they were doing me a favor and brought in people during Walter Sabo, the Bob's he twins and started dicking around with the programming.
And putting all those corny that corny crap on here and brought in John Ford to bring back the old corny IOD jingles house IOD doing now by the way.
How's the talk on IOD Oh, they're not doing talk anymore. They're all news W IOD. Oh, I hate that station, but I went in there with the best of hopes in spite of all the things that I've warned about.
Buddy, but is born again. He's this. He's that. He's a madman, et cetera. I went in there with the greatest of hopes because they inherited me. They inherited my contract. I had no choice at that time.
And so when I came over here, I had the best of hopes and people Gary Sarner is telling me and this one up there, the one I'm talking about today, which I don't want to mention.
And then of course I proceeded to go through several months of near nervous breakdowns every time I was back in town and you know, thank God I spent most of that seven months out of town and out of the country far away from here or I'd be in a rubber room right now.
I'm only right now at this moment, starting to calm down just a little bit from the first 50 minutes of the show and the and the preceding 20 hours.
Let me take another call or two. Then I'll because I want to set this up with the whole story of exactly what took place, which other people might not have thought so much about.
But to me, it epitomized where I am and what's going on here and it's an ugly picture and it's not going to continue like this.
I am and what's going on here and it's an ugly picture and it's not going to continue like this.
You have my word on that. It is not going to continue like this.
Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir.
I just came back from Chicago last night and I got to tell you something. There's real grief. Yeah, over here is death. I haven't seen people saw up sets since Richard Jay died.
And if you give me just a minute, I wanted to give you a personal memory I had of him. You know, I grew up near the ballpark and I what see the cubs long before Harry was there.
But I got to tell you something. You know, if you live in Chicago, you either love the cubs, you love the socks and there's no crossover.
But when Harry was broadcasting with Jimmy Pearson on the socks, the two of them were so funny. I started listening to socks games.
If you're from Chicago, Chicago, and you say your cubs fan and you say you're listening to a socks game, that's like an incredible thing.
And so the thing I like about Harry is that, well, you remember at the Cubs Ballpark club, when the players leave, there's a little parking lot behind the park near the fire station.
And the players all come into this private parking lot and they all get into their limos or their cars and they pull out this gate.
And you know, kids could be waiting for an autograph sometimes they get them, sometimes they don't. Well, Harry always went out the front door.
And he was just facing where the cubby bear is. And he would just walk over to his limo. And I mean, anybody could come up to him and get an autograph.
Anybody could come up to him and talk to him. He was never too busy for anybody. And I mean, he really loved the game.
And I think he epitomized what a cubs fan was. And that was a guy who just came to enjoy the game.
And he didn't care if they wanted a lot of things.
And the other things I loved about Harry is that he was fun. And he was fun. And he was also like me. And I was a, he wasn't afraid to take people on.
In other words, if the management of the Cubs were making bad deals, if the players were playing crappy, he wasn't going to sugar-coded.
He was going to come on here and rip him an ass and he did. And you know, he took a lot of heat for it, but nevertheless he did it because he was a fan.
Oh, yeah. That was the one thing that people loved about Harry was he was such a breath of fresh air when he came in.
Because you had a light padded doing the socks games. And Jack Rickhaw is doing the Cubs games. And they were both shills for management.
Right. They would never say anything bad. And then Harry came in and started saying what was on his mind.
And then of course, it's what all the fans have been saying all those years. But they actually have somebody they had.
And stay on the air was just incredible. People couldn't believe it.
You know, those two or three years when we went up there and did those shows from Murphy's bleachers and then went to the ball games across the street.
And you'd get to that seven thinning stretch and everybody in a ballpark would stand and look up there to the broadcast booth.
And of course, you're always hoping that you were in a seat that was, you know, you were praying you weren't in a seat where you couldn't turn back and see it.
Because one year we were up there and you couldn't see the booth. And just to be there while he was doing the take me out to the ball game and see the reaction of the crowd.
And to be there in person and be a part of that was really great.
Anyway, I just wanted to say to Franco Soskey was the chief bartender over Harry Carries.
I know how you're feeling today, buddy. And believe me Harry, this but for you.
OK, pal. Thanks a lot. Yep, never be the same again.
We have an open line and date one and Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line ninety nine bucks a month for a new Toyota to come up pickup.
It sounds.
First picture the ball game the one wheel just like one or no strikes one wheel.
Son of Mary will. Right base feeling jam.
There's a long drive deep right. Be away from it by the out of here.
It's to be in there.
Oh, he's excited. The open to major leagues season in the American league with a line drive home that over the right for you all.
One thing so that can be sure of today. He will not pitch and no hinder and he will not pitch.
That was from a Harry Carries first broadcast with the Chicago Cubs. How do you like that?
From nineteen. I don't know what the year is. I'd only be guessing. But anyway, so you know, I've got all kinds of Harry stuff at home and didn't have really time.
I didn't realize he had died till I got up this morning and turned on the TV. Even though we knew it was imminent.
We have an open line and date one and Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line. Here's the ROW. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Good morning. Good morning. Listen to changes subject a bit.
You just mentioned you didn't watch the news till this morning. So you didn't get a chance to see the new anchor woman on channel seven news. No, I did not. Very professional.
You could tell she's in the wrong place. Also in the article when they first got rid of Kelly Mitchell. It was a part of the article that said she could not or I guess her agent could not be reached for comment.
Right. Isn't it funny when it's the other way around they can't be reached. But you know when they're doing the news they they try to you know find us as best as possible to get our comments.
You know, when it's the other way around you can find them. Right. Another thing. I've been looking all over the place for this fish food ice cream and I can't find anywhere.
Who would you say makes it? Ben and Jerry's. Oh, Ben and Jerry. Okay. I went into I went into public's last night in the wake. I'm not blaming other people for the fact that I'm blowing up like a balloon and gaining all the weight back that I lost and then some.
I went in for my Ben and Jerry's fish food last night and the one of the young guys one of the assistant managers there I'm looking and I'm looking and he comes over says oh it's right and it was hiding underneath some other you know about 20 other containers. Yeah, because I saw other ones like something Garcia and Jerry Garcia is good and the chunky monkey.
Chuck the monkey blows but trust me when I tell you fish food mandals set you on fire. I'll keep looking for that. Also, I don't like vanilla unless it's got a hot brownie under it and almonds on top and hot fights. That's how I like. There you go. Have a great day pal.
And the other situation I would say I would echo your sediments exactly with bars is on air abuse and verbal situations going on. Any behaviorless. We'll tell you that's rather unbecoming stuff.
Not only on becoming, but people are very, very scoot up egos and we've got very serious problems are the ones who lash out at everybody else. I'm not just talking about having an argument once in a great while or having a disagreement or poking fun at somebody.
I'm talking about abusing the people that you work with every day. This is not acceptable practice and the management of this radio station had better understand that it better stop and it do you know what's good for the goose is good with the gander.
Here somebody got suspended on a station several months ago for that kind of behavior and I'm going to tell you something one of the people that he was supposed to be abusing is the most abusive people that I've encountered in this entire company so far.
So what's good for the goose is good with the gander for the gander for going to protect the people who work for this company from being abused verbally and in other ways from people that it's going to have to also come from the clone upstairs here.
Well said. Have a great day pal.
But since of course she's the alter ego and got her head so far up Greg reads that will never ever see it again.
It makes it very difficult for people to be objective about any of this.
Somebody made a mistake. Okay. Somebody made a mistake. That doesn't mean that the board opposite the other building, including the ones who do a damn good job like Joe and Robert and some of the other people have to be terrorized because somebody's got a bug up her ass today and is having a nervous break down.
See is this a New York thing? Is that what that is with that raspy? You mother f inside of me. What is that?
I mean we I've worked or I can imagine the 20 some years I've been in this town and almost 40 years in his business.
I've worked with nice people abrasive people very calmly back people a lot of people in the middle of all of that people who were like kind of volatile who go off on a moment's notice.
You know I'm talking about stupid but I have never encountered this.
And back on that other station when the Cox people loaned it when we're down on the 79th because we're working in that sick building.
And Cheryl ween Cheryl riffian, our good friend Cheryl. She had her moments.
And she's been there for a long time because she knows where the bodies are buried and she can be a manipulative person but hey.
And she had run ins with people when people would be abusive with her she would be abusive right back and I don't have a problem with that.
Somebody's going to give me crap I'll give it right back to him.
And yes I can recall I think once or twice having a screaming match once with boy Gary and once with the sales manager Jeff Clark in a hallway.
Myself and seeing a couple of other very explosive exchanges in a hallway or round the building.
But that's over a period of nine years.
You get more of that in nine minutes in this company than you've ever seen in your lifetime.
Then I've seen in the 35 years I've been in radio put together.
And I'm going to say it again it is unfreaking mother scratching acceptable.
Got it.
And oh I got another message for you to okay this ain't the Christian science smoking room.
George is in there to answer the phones and to run the board and to do whatever it is that we do between 10 and 2 here.
Not to Yenta with people I want to come down here not to mention any names.
So they can smoke their faggots you can smoke your faggots outside on the front stoop there which is where I encountered Gary Sarner this morning as he was looking down looking to see if there was anything down there.
And shaking his head because obviously there was not see I was right about him and I didn't even know this guy now you told me he was an asshole.
And you were right.
And I said he had balls like a mosquito and how I how I perceive I'm a very perceptive guy really and how I perceive that I don't know.
And I said to him I came here this morning and I got out of my car in a parking lot and he was sitting out there smoking a cigarette on the stoop.
Which is that proposed stoop and I said to him I said you know something the abuse that you took here yesterday I said if I ever took that kind of verbal abuse from anybody I would go home look in the mirror and I would blow my brains out because at that point I'd realize I had no self respect.
And I will give you the story I'll give you the round this incredible hour that I wasted of my life outside here yesterday which is kind of the epitome of this entire beastly beat company.
There are some people that have been here too long. They need to be shaken up they need to they need a re awakening a rebirth that somebody needs to kick in the ass and say hey this ain't going to fly anymore.
Okay maybe was okay before but not now.
10 after 11 on 560 QAM are.
This is the Spooge girl in their only area performance if you don't see this show then you don't know Spooge 11 16 on 560 WQAM so yesterday at the end of the show in our final commercial break we had a spot.
That ran twice this is the second or third time it's happened this week a 30 second commercial that ran twice in the same commercial break at the beginning of the recorded spots and at the end.
And I sat here with my mouth open down to my public and I came back on the air since it was the end of the show and I gave a little two minutes seminar.
To the people in sales and in traffic and whoever else works here that you don't run a sponsors commercial twice in the same break and then I find out the reason for this was that this is petaloma restaurant and really bothered me it bothers me for any advertiser but it bothers me because we had a great meal there several weeks ago George and myself and John and the crystal and the Zolton and his wife.
His name is Zolton by the way not Zolton.
Whatever whatever well whatever it is we'll get to that in a minute by the way there's a thunder clap at the end whatever it is but in any rates we had a wonderful dinner it's a great place to give me my own little special cigar or a locker there and they're very nice people the food was fantastic great stakes and Italian food they got a nice smoke room in there it's a wonderful place great sponsor.
And it disturbs me because they're paying their money and they were buying a 60 second spot and evidently gelledies over there in Japan playing a squeaky voice radio and he's not here to redo the commercial and as a result so instead of instead of scratching the commercial which they're paying for a 60 second spot because we only have this 30 instead of scratching instead of writing a 30 second spot in twice in two different parts of the show to be the equivalent of a 60 second commercial some genius over there decided that we would just run the same spot twice in the same break.
Well it takes up 60 seconds that would be like my sitting here and saying I got a 60 second spot to do for pizza lot.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to say hey pizza lot really has great food. Hey pizza lot really has great pizza lot really has great food and do that for 60 seconds.
That would not be a commercial and Jeff Cohen would not pay for it although he would like all the mentions.
See he likes getting it for free now which is why I'm doing it and the spot to.
So I went a little ballistic about that and to come to find out that after I walked out here about two or three not all that overly concerned but it was just another another one of these Q.A.M.
aberrations that I'm becoming used to although I don't like them and I'm trying to do something to embarrass people into correcting them.
And I was on my merry way out the door and I got down as far as that stoop out back and there was speaking of stoop there was Gary Sarner.
There was mosquito tool himself sitting there on the stoop smoking a faggot.
I said how you done okay get to my car I pressed that little unlock button on my key chain.
I am only moments away like two seconds from opening the door and being on my merry way toward the turn pipe.
And I hear Neil and it's mosquito tool and he comes wandering over because he was papapapa papapa he wants to do the enter routine wants to get into a whole yenta song and a dance about all these rumors about the station being sold.
And what he's heard is that Cox brought casting wanted to buy power 96 and kiss but had no interest in buying Q.A.M.
And of course it would make no sense to me really in spite of all the hopes that I have.
It would make no sense for the Cox broadcasting for the sisters to sell I.O.D. with a much superior signal and practically give it away including the property and then come back a year or so later and buy this station with all the debt from the Wayne Highsinger with all the sports franchises with the big payroll with the inferior signal.
It just wouldn't make any sense even though that's the rumor that we continue hearing.
So I'm engaged in a conversation about that and then he asked me something about a certain sponsor which is one of his accounts which has been running multiple times on this show.
He said you know those people are only buying one spot a day they're only going to pay for one spot a day I don't know what that's all about why is she putting it and I said I really don't know but I find it very annoying because it becomes extremely repetitive and I don't think that company A will call them just for argument just to use a letter.
But they're trying to buy all those spots every day it really isn't necessary and they're spending a lot of money and I don't think it's right that you know.
So now the person that I've been talking about here today all I do not want to mention Phyllis by name comes a wall saying out the door and starts saying at that and at that point there wasn't even a half a word out of her mouth I said hey Phyllis how come company so and so is running on my log twice today and three times yesterday.
Because it's Gary's account and he tells me that they're only buying one spot a day well at that point at that moment remember when we dropped it bombs on Nagasaki and Hiroshima at that point they're unleashed as she came racing over to where we were standing close to my car all the way across the parking lot.
A torrent of verbal abuse at Gary Sarner the likes of which I have I don't think I've ever seen from anybody in this business to another human being.
And because the guy evidently is wimpy I mean he never stole a free train he's probably not that bad of a guy maybe I don't know him that well I really don't I have no grudge no axe to grind with him.
But because he's wimpy and kind of a puts I guess it's another easy target when you've got people intimidated and they're used their condition into being screamed at.
And now pay for those mother effort spots and I'll get God damn Greg we did.
And this I'm telling you I thought that eyeballs were going to come popping out of this person's head.
And I'm standing there we're not going with it is scream or each a key to banana.
And now the conversations which is to this playing the petal umaspot twice in one break at the end of the show yesterday.
And Luanne our sales manager such as she is is standing there also.
So now there are four of us standing out there in this conversation is developing.
I called over there and I told Joe and I told this and I tell and this hysterical performance is going on Linda Blair on her most psychotic day in the exorcist never came close to way performance like this.
I mean we got the Oscars coming up very soon why not make our own nomination.
And then she turns to me the value that account that's all the message that you think is so great.
And at that point is when I should have just walked away and got into my car and left the premises I never said Zoltan Zoltan whatever's name is was so grass and he looks great which he does.
And he's a nice guy which he is and is bright and articulate and we had a good dinner that night he's got a lovely wife and he probably could be this is his first job in radio sales like many of our people.
And he probably could be a damn good sales guy with a little bit of guidance and assistance and not too much brow beating.
But you see that you see the way this all fits in together everybody everybody is in that everybody is incompetent except this one person who the alter ego of the general manager.
Because he's been here a very long time and will defend him to her death will defend the defenseless will make excuses for aberrant behavior for lies for procrastination that is unbelievable.
I don't need a lecture from Phyllis or anybody else about the experiences that I've had with this company these last 11 months.
With the near nervous breakdown of having to coerce people to live up to their word to build these studios such as they are.
With the attempts to get paid for things that were supposed to be paid to me like for hockey tickets and to get people paid who had done shows for this radio station.
I could give you a list of stories and we're still working my lawyer by the way on where those TV spots and billboards to promote the show that are in my contract and we're promised that we've had a half a dozen different dates we've been told they're going to start and I've been on the year here almost two months and still haven't seen a guy with a sandwich board promoting the near Roger show or the Hank Goldberg show or the worst team or anybody else.
Haven't seen it anywhere nowhere.
And I'm out there for 55 minutes.
I might as well have gone home and argued with my dogs at least they would have smiled.
And I wouldn't have had it wouldn't have heard any bull crap.
So unless there's anybody in sales who needs to speak to me about business.
Let the word go forth today.
From.
Oh God.
Let the word go forth at a two oh one every day Monday through Friday that I'm here I'll be gone.
I'd rather go run naked in traffic for an hour than spend another hour like I did yesterday.
Listening to stories and rationalizations and then the other the big guy and I can John what is his name John Jaros.
I don't know what he seems like a nice guy means well.
He drives up in his big catalog what is what is his title what is his function.
Oh we don't know something to do with power 96 but also another one of those people we have all kinds of people upstairs.
We got that ray guy we got it.
Oh we nobody knows what they do.
I know seriously you're laughing but it's true we don't know what the Ray Perry we don't know what he does.
And this particular guy has meant me in the elevator on a couple of occasions over the last month and a half and said oh the
Mark Reinery people from Mark Reiner that's Mike son his advertising agency are going to be coming in tomorrow to shoot some footage for the
promotional campaign we're going to run on TV great excellent never happened.
So I asked him some questions about that and he tells me all we had all this TV time reserved and we're going to do this and
let up even spend a lot of money and then for some reason which nobody can get an answer to it was all put on hold.
You know remember George before WIOD was sold they had a $200,000 TV campaign they were going to run and then inexplicably it all got pulled.
Remember that I'm not suggesting that there's a parallel but I do remember the figure very very specifically that there was a $200,000
TV and billboard campaign to promote WIOD it got put on hold and we couldn't get an answer why.
And then all the rumors started really flying out in the heavy and the next thing we know packs and bought the station.
Oh God he's got his fingers and legs crossed and his eyes too.
It's 1127 and 560 QAM.
A very best would say take it up your ass.
Hi there boys and girls today because a very extra special friend stopped and by show us all about something really special.
I'm at the door right now come on in this like Mac.
I already had it brought by something I wanted to show you.
It looks like it looks like a cat the boys would have killed time.
That's me bag boy.
Hey what can I touch it?
Sure go ahead run your hands.
Hey like velvet.
What's this right here?
That is my blowpipe.
What do you do with the blowpipe?
You blow it lad.
You blow it.
Hey you put your mouth around it and your blow.
Okay can I do that?
Hey would you like to blow my pipe lad?
Okay can I?
Sure go ahead.
Come on lad.
You got to put your mouth around it lad.
Don't be afraid it's not going to break.
Like this?
Hey that's a boy.
Stick it all the way down your throat.
It's getting bigger.
Hey it means you do it right.
What's this over here?
That's mid shunter.
What do I do with that?
What do you do with that lad is you put your both hands on it.
You cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft real quick.
Hey run your hands up and down it there.
Now what you want to do laddy is you want to blow on the pipe.
You want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle.
And then you want to run your hands up and down the shaft real quick.
Okay all together all at the same time.
Okay here we go.
Good laddy.
Hey that's good lad.
Sure.
Hey that's good laddy.
Keep low on.
Go harder laddy.
Harder.
Squeeze the bag.
Squeeze more.
Run your hands up and down the shaft.
Quick faster.
Run your hands up and down faster.
Keep low.
Keep low.
Run your hands up.
You do your plan.
I'm up.
You're there again.
After the kids for me birthday.
1135 on 560 QM here's a facts from Bob who says to talk about radio sports
forces reminds me I'm not a big basketball fan but the guy on WIO that does the
Heat Games is great.
I would like to know his name.
I put the radio on when I watch a Heat Game just to hear him.
He's the best play by play.
Guy in his markets is Bob.
He might be talking about Dave Halberstam.
Hardaway left one.
Left side line Marley 3.0.
Oh he hit it.
Oh he hit it.
I don't mean that was a 3.
I mean that was from the moon from the moon from his restaurant about three blocks from
here.
And by the way Michael Mayo still hasn't apologized today of Halberstam for suggesting
you ought to get fired over some silly comment that he made last season.
Dave Halberstam great guy great talent.
Here's one that says how about playing Rick Sanchez squatting on a map.
I'm going to tell you all this to the flampe about channel seven.
I don't watch channel seven news.
I have a record of the game.
I have a very simple solution for all of people who are psychotic about channel seven news.
I don't watch it.
I don't you know maybe once in a blue moon.
I might my TV might stop there for 30 seconds depending on what story I might come across during
channel surfing like most people do these days.
But I make a very strong practice of not watching channel seven news.
And then I don't get upset by Ricky Tiki Sanchez or about whatever this story was that he was talking about.
That they were interviewing some poor little 60 year old girl and stuck a microphone in front of her push.
I mean there are a bunch of grave robbers over there.
They don't care and that's why I don't watch that news.
That's not news.
And it's interesting though those are the same people by the way of complaining are the ones that complain about this show.
They claim they don't like it and they can't stand it and they find fault with it.
But guess what they're listening to it.
Nobody's forcing them.
They got a million choices.
I have cable.
I have two satellite dishes to think that I would sit and watch channel seven news.
I'd have to be some kind of an imbecile.
I'd have to be a total complete 100% moron to sit there watching channel seven news.
Which thank you.
I do not.
And obviously a lot of people do and the good luck to you.
Okay, because what you see is what you get.
Well, there's Don Cox holding up his big one cigar.
23 till noon on five sixty WQA.
And if you're already on thank you so much here, your gentleman and the scholar.
Get those back street boys on here.
Come on, let's go get that number one half.
If you already own a cell phone with her, it's an all I can't speak at all.
I'm just I'm tongue tied.
I'm psychotic.
I'm wound up like an alarm clock.
I am.
And some people in the building again are probably going to be very happy about it.
Because it's long overdue that certain people with a big disgusting New York mouth get put in their place for once.
And stop running around here treating everybody like a bunch of crap.
I don't care if you got if it's the guy who throws the garbage out here, the janitor, the guy that washes the cars.
I don't care who it is.
Treat people with a little bit of decency, common decency and respect.
That's all.
Which I don't want to mention her name, Phyllis, on the air.
22 till noon on five sixty Q.A.M.
You A.M.
Hey, enough with the pamphlets already.
When the hell was the baseball that will begin anyway?
Here's Andrew Dice Clay for Dice Aronie.
All right, let's say you're eating.
You're sick and f***ing tired of f***ing potatoes and that stovetop s***.
Do like me, honey.
Eat this.
Dice Aronie.
Come on, it's almost as simple as you.
Put the f***ing bag in the f***ing pot and you turn on the f***ing stove.
You think you can manage that, honey?
Hey, what up being the f***ing thing's done?
So remember, Yankee Doodle came to town, right in on a pony.
Stuck up feather off his a** and called it Dice Aronie.
Oh!
Dice!
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, me.
The turkey tastes a treat.
All right, there must have been a little dicey running on the edict there.
I like that. That was a great effect.
All right.
All right.
Nice going, guys.
Listen.
You hear that?
The CD is hyperventilating in here.
It's going a** shot.
Why does it seem that it's always, I don't know about you, but it seems that it's usually women
who think that they have not always, I mean, you know, I indicated we have more than one person here,
guilty of brow-beating of the troops and the screaming and hollering and going psychotic.
But it seems that generally the majority of people who behave this way toward their fellow w*****
