I've been monitoring your show for seven years now.
Yeah, and I love it.
Hey, listen, I'm ready to blow my brains up.
I am ready to kill something.
I know, man.
Maybe like a hookworm.
I don't know anything.
But the real listeners are going to keep watching it
no matter what a portion it is.
No, but that's not the point.
I know.
Let me just explain one thing to you.
OK, to show you the power of television,
we had a one-shear that translates to almost 14,000 homes.
So if there's three average of three people in a home,
that's like 42,000 people watched at 830 again at 1030.
So it's taken me four days on a station
that doesn't even really exist.
Four days to get as many people watching at one moment
as I have in 20, 2 and 1 half years on the radio,
as we have it any quarter hour here.
Four days.
All right.
I mean, the potential there is phenomenal.
So it's great that the people listen to the show are watching.
That's part of what we want.
But also the idea is to get people who never heard
this show to be watching.
Right.
And that doesn't seem like it's going to be a great thing.
Well, it might not have to be put it on there like that.
I had not if we got a bunch of bozos putting it together
and have this great, oh, we got to see.
One thing about television people, they have an obsession
with like deadlines and, what?
See, this is a tape show.
There's nothing to be any deadline with this.
They can put it on next Monday, a week from the circus.
They can put it on whenever.
The stuff I was talking about the last four days,
it was all timeless.
I mean, it could have been on anytime.
Right.
Originally, I thought that's what they were going to do.
I mean, the Pope was an asshole last week.
The Pope will be a silly old asshole with the dress next week.
There was no timeliness in any of that.
Unless he croaks soon.
Hey, let me ask you when those cameras,
like the one that's in front of you and George,
when they're on you, is there a red light that's lit up on it?
Oh, yeah.
OK, why?
Of course, there's not a red light.
I'm not paying any attention to it.
Let me say to you again, I'm not doing a show for television
and doing any of your radio shows.
In fact, let me tell you how misrepresented
this whole thing was.
When I agreed to do this, I was told all sorts of things,
none of which have come true, by the way.
They were going to have a truck out in the parking lot.
They were going to have one guy with a camera in here.
And I'm not complaining about the guys in the other room
because they've been very out of trussing.
They're fine.
But they were going to be out in a truck.
There was going to be one guy here with a camera.
And life would just go on.
It would be no.
I sit down here last Monday.
They got a big spotlight shining in my face.
Oh, is that OK?
I said, of course not.
I can't sit like this for four hours.
Blinded by the light, baby.
And it's gotten better from there.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
God, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Hey, you're no howard.
You're a lot better.
Yeah.
Listen, I have the solution to show it, but if I give it to you,
I want to show it.
I wonder if they produced Howard show one time on E like that.
How long it would stay on E.
Forget it.
You know, it's that OK.
And besides Howard had the cast.
He's an on fire.
I'm not here to talk about how it gets ponderous.
And Howard people, you know, God bless him.
OK.
Get Howard.
OK.
During the OK, first of all, the editing delaying.
You got to delay the show for at least a day or two to give the guy, you know, the time, especially
this.
See, this goes back to a guy over in the other place over there on the beach.
One of their big shots from this company.
His name is Stinky.
And this stinky guy, he thinks he's a real expert.
OK.
I'd like to find out what the other shows on the station had last night.
No, seriously, they had bad numbers.
And we had a one.
And they had like practically nothing is what the Joe is telling me over there behind
your back.
Zero.
Oh, God.
So we better, they better suck up to us.
You hear that stinky?
You better be nice to us.
OK, because we're all you got.
They sampled the other crap on here for three days.
And now they're all gone.
And they were starting to get into my show and now your butcher and that.
I got news for another week like this.
And it'll be a, hey, how's that home shopping coming?
Get those pubics or Kanye's out, baby.
Wasn't so bad after all, huh?
OK, let's go to Miami Beach.
Hello.
Up there.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what's up?
Listen, I was just calling to tell you that I'm curious.
I didn't leave a lot.
Yes, sir.
I saw the show last night.
And yeah, there were some mess ups, but there were some mess ups.
There were mess ups in that show last night.
Come on.
You're a little picky, man.
But listen, the same thing happened on Oprah in the midst of all the whaling as I was wiping my eyes.
It happened to Oprah.
The same freaking bitch.
The color bars came across the screen.
All right.
Oh, God.
I feel much better now.
It happened to that goddamn LC, the Borden cowl, look like Oprah with a bone in her nose.
It's at Harpo Studios and it was a time clock and it was terrible.
Great.
And as I was wiping my eyes, I was crying for both reasons.
But see, on Oprah's show, you'll have to be watching for about two years to see it happen again,
because everybody will get the rest fired.
But on my show, it'll just watch tonight.
I will be watching.
I won't.
I will not be watching tonight.
I'll be watching again.
I'll tell everyone to tune in and hope it gets better.
Let's get up to a two-shear just to piss everybody off.
And you know something that will purposely screw it all up and people will say,
what is this anyway?
Have a great day, pal.
But what?
Good luck to us.
Here's a lady mobile in Weston.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
It's not just your show that wasn't good yesterday.
I think where me of Miami is pretty bad in general itself.
Well, let's rip them an ass.
That's a great idea.
OK.
Day sucks, but you're gone.
Well, what else did you see?
No, I just don't like the whole show in general.
The whole station, you mean?
Yeah, the whole station, the whole concept.
Well, which things did you watch that you hated like poison?
Did you watch it?
I watched it the first few days, like from seven o'clock, you know, where it just has all
the traffic details on.
They lose breath.
Oh, you mean in the morning?
Yeah, I watched it all day.
Yeah, at least they got good personalities on that morning traffic show.
Yeah, nothing.
Right.
Well, that's OK.
In fact, if I would have watched that this morning, I would have seen the wreck on the
turn.
And I could have avoided a lot of grief.
That's what I should have done.
Instead of when you hear Joe Brennan give some useful information.
Well, he's always like 10 minutes out of that.
He's a puts with a good voice.
That's your brain.
And he's a put with a great voice.
And he makes me sick to my stomach.
I hate you, Joe.
Don't take it personally, unless you want to.
Well, you have a great day, Neil.
Thanks for the good news.
Bye.
And I'm glad you love Channel 69.
Not she hates it.
She hates everything on there.
She hates the tests it.
She thinks it's a commie pinco plot.
Here is a coral reef.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
First time listener and viewer of, I guess, the television program.
Oh, you sound very depressed.
And I can easily understand why.
Well, I'm depressed because I really like the program, you know, television.
But it seems like you have some really inexperienced people down there.
Yes.
Three-year-old kids that work for like four cents an hour.
And a bunch of jelly beans.
Maybe from foreign countries.
Yeah.
But I agree.
In fact, that's why they put the studio on South Beach because they're getting all the illegal aliens
washing up under shore.
That's right.
I really see a big future for you on television.
Yeah.
Oh, God.
Oh, we thought it was pretty good.
Yeah, ass suckers.
And if they thought that was good, just wait till we get on a real station.
I mean, till it gets done right.
Here's a lady in a crowed spring.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, I've been listening to your show now for a while.
And I was thrilled when I heard it would be on TV.
And?
And then I tuned in and, what's up with that?
It was horrible.
Yeah.
I know it's, you know, I know you're not too happy about it.
Oh, too happy.
I'm ready to murder somebody.
At least maybe 20, 30 people.
And you know, you think it was crappy last night?
What are they going to do tonight when they're going to have to edit out all the segments?
No, they're not.
They're going to put all this in there.
Reaming thingy?
They're going to have me reaming stinky.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
You know, in fact, that's going to be the name of the show tonight.
Not that you arrived at your show.
It's just going to be called Reaming Stinky.
In fact, that's going to play the exacting of the box, like, a minute for 30 minutes.
Over and over again.
Yeah, well, I sit here, uh, staring around the walls.
Hmm.
I just called let you know that you have a 20, 25 year old female audience out there.
Oh, God bless you, sweetheart.
You have a nice thing.
Don't leave us.
Don't kill anybody.
Okay.
Okay.
Sonny Isles.
That's me.
That's you.
I've got a TV guide in front of me right now.
Yeah.
I've been trying to get your TV show since Monday.
Yeah.
They have as follows.
It goes from $29.33.
I've got you.
And then they got you on it $69.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Thank God for providing isc forty and frustrated.
Fifty nine.
Yeah, I've finally gave up today.
I know that there is not what I'm on cable vision one CANIL.
Why did why didn't you have to go through that whole prep for play I
was what did you just say I'm on the clean line because you're not even
willing to be thoughtful when you listen to me you ask me the question you're on cable vision and where northeast vowers
mimmy beach.
Yo is chilly.
Undy're shadow thirty.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Why couldn't you just ask that
I mean, I ordinarily I would say killed some good time, but in that case it killed lots of bad time
It was not quality time it destroyed the quality of my life
Here's a lady mobile in Miami hello. Hello. Yes, man
Yes, I saw you show last night for the first time. Oh, I'm so sorry. I apologize. It wasn't bad
Um, I asked my brother. He told me you were gay. Yes. Oh, I'm sorry
Here's Davie hello
Hello there and you all yes, sir
I'm joined the show on radio and TV. Yeah, and down in Hollywood and getting an on channel two
You're getting it on two and they're getting in Hollywood
perception was a little crappy. I don't know if it's my television or the antenna or yeah
Every other channel comes in across the clear
I want a big black screen comes on it though. I bet you that's real clear what it comes on for like about a minute and a half that black
Dead screen you know it becomes where you get used to it and that doesn't bother you so much
As long as eventually you know, you're gonna come on. Okay. You're easy
I'm gonna have to call you back. Okay. Call me back
Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa
We have an open line to that. I mean, it's a very simple thing. Okay, go to Radio Shack and an A B switch
You're costing like 395 get you one of those cheap ui chf ring antennas cost you about 2.95 for five or six bucks
Hook it up on here when you want to watch the cable you flip it over to A when you want to watch your over the area flip it over to B
And with your little ui chf ring you'll get 17 23 45 51 69
But I beep but I bop but you got it not that complicated
This guy must be one of the technicians down there. I'd like you to roll to channel 69
Just can't finger it out
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Yes, I need to find out if you guys are really good
Is that true guys? Yes, everyone there everyone here is gay. Yes
Huh everyone, but you know, but I can make you turn straight. No, I don't think so. I could no interest. Okay. Honey. Yeah, my body
Believe me you'll go crazy. I hate I hate to bring the news to you sweetheart. Not interested. Maybe your dinghy would
You ever see LC the board the board and cow
Uh-huh. She's got a couple of big hooters too, but no interest
Listen your dinger would stand up so hard my dinger don't stand up
But you can really see my dinger honey
Believe me. I got a
Let me ask you something are you having problems finding if you're so hot? How come you have problems finding
Some mutual relationship out there
I know some companionship honey. I have so many men that they were gay and I've turned them straight
Oh, you turned them straight, but hell yeah, isn't that a miracle? How did you do that? Do you have a magic wand?
No, did you wave your magic wand and say about a thing you're straight? No, baby
Does it disturb you that I have no sexual interest in you or any other women?
Does that disturb you? Do you find that you obviously have a complex about that?
It's just all Jewish men are gay
Yeah, that's true. Well, we know that
Also, in other words what you're looking for is a good circumcised penis. That's what you want honey
I'll take them all at them
Cheeses that what's your problem is?
So I'll take them circumcised and without circumcisation. I'll do the job
Okay, Melissa will send you over a couple in the mail. Okay put them in an envelope George
I'm calling attorney. We're gonna send you Gary Sarner's first if we're good fine one
Oh, and that Bob Eisenberg that that PC I'm I'm serious if that wasn't a dead beaver on his head this morning
In fact, Wally was running around saying hey beaver. Where the hell are you? I said right over here on a Bob Eisenberg's head
We have an open that was a beautiful. That was a touching thing. I'm so emotional. I'm my dingaling is just
Open line and day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
All you people over there are gay all Jewish men are gay. Yeah, tell that to Milton Burl by the way
It was hung like a goddamn moose
Although he does always run around and drag here's pop it. Oh, be chill. Oh
Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah
Yeah, but listen you for last 10 years and uh, your show just gets better and better every day. Yes, it uh
Callers get worse, but I get better. I know last call was unbelievable. She was beautiful
I don't know what they were gonna be we're gonna be giving her a number out a little bit later on today
Yeah, I have a dingur for her. Yeah, I bet I got a dingur in my finger
Oh jeez wipe it off
Neil have you seen the local section of Sunstand all today? Oh, it's in a waste basket. I peruse did that. I miss something
Yes, you did there's a article right in
Front of local section says
Catholic Church force to get ready read from that. I did
Out yet. Oh, okay about the cases that have been all swept in right about the guys in Pensacola right
I'm believable. Yeah, it's very believable
It's exactly what's been going on for many many years and yet both newspapers right these glowing editorials
About how courageous it is that the church finally is dealing with these things openly and honestly
Which is a blatant god damn line? We all know that and nobody wants to talk about it. That's right
I mean sounds like you wrote the articles like word for word out of here
Well one thing I'll say for the Sun Sentinel because we have a few more English speaking people in Broward County
And that is interested in pandering to their Catholic Hispanic constituents like the heraldas always doing the Sun
Sentinel least the last couple of days have had some articles like this in John Grogens column a couple of days ago
That you know told it like it wasn't made a lot of sense the herald on the other hand is busy
They're terrified that they might the alienate their Hispanic constituency
None of whom are reading their paper anyway, but that's their mentality. All right. Have a great day
I read the airtree okay. We have an open line of dead. Yeah, you fought you fakers over there at the heraldman
You people are in disgrace. You're a joke
You're a joke tonight. Ritter people move up in a bailout after after the Tony Ritter got through peddling this god damn scam in
Date County with at Mickey Harrison Zarina
Because they're so concerned about the future of this town right that they're picking up and moving to the Silicon Valley
Silicon Valley
And just pander and pander and pander and bend over backwards my god if they ever dropped a soap over there that woman is really gonna be busy
Just they've been doing this for as long as I can remember pandering to people who hate them like poison don't read their god damn
newspaper
That would be my my sitting here playing rap music in the middle of a show all day pandering to an audience that I don't be having
They do not be listening okay the rap has do not be listening to this show they be puffing it and puff that II
Do you know what I'd be talking about? Yeah, all right
God
If we I know it's just I'm just dreaming, but if we just had a real newspaper in this town
I'm just asking for a little uh
I find it bizarre that after that exchange yesterday
That we come on and we don't even get a phone call about it and then I ask about it here this morning
And you know we got the one guy and we got one other person on the phone here because I'm tonny there
There is a divide there is a
There is a silent war and a given example. I'll give you a perfect example listen to this
The sport first of all very jackass has a big thing about channel 69 years up for switch switching from home shopping to channel 69
And of course his rationale would be oh well he writes about sports on the year and this isn't a sports show
So needless to say he writes about the heat games are going to be on there. They got a live sports show 10 o'clock
Your benight are going to be doing this are going to be doing soccer and yadda no mention of course the neo-roggers who is on qa
In the sports station will be on not once but twice a night 8 30 and 10 30 p.m. On channel 69
Hasdudes and raise holy hell if you have any cable outfit call them up and say hey you're breaking the law god
They meant we don't care whether you like channel 69 ready that bogus programming that got on or that fact that's on tonight
We don't care about that
But we want to watch whatever we want to watch and it's supposed to be on there and we don't care if time jikers
You know that's what I really love when time jikah compares this experiment which it's an experiment with paxon
You know he had that article a couple weeks ago
He loved it all together about the must-cury thing and they're going to put this on there
And it's going to be on all the cable systems because the must-cury thing fast like the paxon thing
Paxon has just got a bunch of blurry infomercials on there. That's all he's got
Poorly produced blurry people selling a bunch of blurry poorly produced crap
That's paxon and wait till paxon that starts in in the fall or whatever it's going to start
With all those 500-year-old TV shows that's going to go over big
If you see that paxon stock lately by the way, well, that's doing big things a big number a real big fact. He's probably doing a big number
Thank you so much, David. He's got the city link magazine no doubt
You've got your thumb on it. How about the magazine?
South Florida radio talk show host Neil Rogers says it's not it like it's just a couple of churches. It's rampant
The Pope and the pervert let's hear it for city link magazine. Oh the Pope and the pervert there you go
There's Bishop Simon's with a shattered glass thing right in front of his push
Oh, and then it goes on with the whole the guys right. Oh look at that. Whoo
Heavy duty, baby
It goes on with a whole list of these things in 1966
1998 1998 on and on it goes and where it stops nobody knows
It stops at your little kid's uh general areas where I think
Here's a lady in aventura. Hello
Hi Neil. Yes, ma'am. This is Rose. I'm an aventura. How you doing, Rose? I've been a listener viewers for I don't know since QAM. Oh my god since QAM
and
I've been calling comcast for the last two days and what do they tell you they keep telling me well
We're not doing nobody they wrote that in the hairls and we don't know when we're gonna get it
But I said heck I want that station
Why would what does that mean when they're gonna get it? Well, they just have no information
Yeah, I said so you still got the home shopping network on he says yes, we do. I said well, I don't want that. I want Neil Rogers
So I'm trying. I'm gonna keep calling
You're calling like 400 times a day until they're a nosebleeds absolutely love you so much
Thanks a lot Rose have a great day
Comcast cable another scandal in South Florida and we want something done about it and we want to done right now or else okay
Or else those people have got your cable there in a con in aventura. They're gonna start canceling their cable left and right
And by the way, let me point out to you you can get a little a little ring antenna for uhf and pick up channel 69 just fine
And all the other uhf channels too
Right stick a code hanger on there whatever not a code hanger and people in aventura gonna stick a code hanger on there
Yes, it sound like jome Crawford now same shoulders by the way. He's posing
Here's the north Miami. Hello
Hey, how you going Neil okay, sir? I was calling. I got a bunch of friends up in aventura and they're really pissed off about
The whole god damn community of aventura's up in arms. I take the show form every night. I've been watching since the came on
Yeah, and I mean it's like
They're a I have one of them that's putting up the appellant. He's only woman's like but they're pissed off that they just
They don't want to have to switch off cable just go watch one show. That's right
And it's just it's not right for them out. It's supposed to be under it's the law
We have a bunch of habitual lawbreakers that come cast cable in aventura
It's the law. It's from the fed it's a federal offense what they're doing. I say stick their ass in jail in the electric chair
And also the guy they called in earlier about 95 being dirty. Yeah, they already paid somebody to do it. He just embeds with the money
Oh, hey listen nothing's perfect. At least they had good intentions
Have a great day pal. All right. See you keep working on it and the cable too
Comcast we want that on there. We wanted on there tonight. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir
Hey, watch the 1030 show last night. Oh, you saw the good one, huh? Yeah, my wife watched it for the first time
She said you once the twice on the radio or she's raised Catholic. She heard you reading the the manual and she was doing it manually
Yeah, let me tell you that chick with the lips that comes on yeah, oh boy. I got a close to personal with that
She was a bit shocked because she really hasn't heard words like that on TV. You know, yeah
But after whilst you said, you know, he makes sense. Yes, I did. You do make sense George look good. She actually thought George was cute
I was wondering
I wonder what kind of cigars you smoking yeah, and one thing I'd like to just give you a little advice. Yes, sir
Keep your eyes up. Looks like you were looking at a teleprompter to the
No, I'm looking at the clock
You know how we could solve that by moving the clock down of course that would require a great effort on our engineers part here in the
Asstation, you know, it looks like you're looking down into the left, you know, get your eyes up man. Come on
Get it up. Get it up. Okay. I'm popping one right now a little blue thing. Great show. Thanks a lot. I like to see you. Oh god
Yeah
Our producer that we gave a lot of crap to yesterday because of his connection with the girl that's got the lips there on the 11 o'clock thing on those headlines
Stephanie. What is it?
Stephanie. Oh, we actually have her name. Oh, it's Stephanie and her lips and it's swollen tongue
But at any rate the the whole crew told me this morning, you know
He does a little bit uptight, but he does have the most perfect penis we've ever seen
So what you know, what's not to like that? It was a great story that Rob must have had that dream last night
This father said that he thought he was standing in behind me the whole show his father lives in Evan sure
And couldn't see the show on his cable so he whipped it out the a little tiny one little tiny TV
With the rabbit ears and was watching from there and of course we've got the Enrique thing with that gigantic huge
cigar between his legs
And he thought that was Rob standing back there
must have he must have a real bad
bad TV
I mean first of all the tip off if I can use that term is the a foreskin. We know that wouldn't be Rob
Right
And Enrique sure don't have a perfect penis like Rob has got
Here is Miami. Hello
Yes, sir
How did I edit it down from your four-hour show? What's the sit? Do you have any say in that?
Yeah, they had the you know that the wheel they use on wheel of fortune
They spit it around we got the Patsay jacket in there me spinning it right now they have to have wheel too
I like the amount of
We listen we have a we have a staff of 62 goyam in the other room heart like
Sitting and spinning and twisting and clipping and sucking and whatever they're doing over there
They're doing it. How many to see more crotch shots of whom of you and George
Oh, if you want to see our crotch believe me you remember a good eyesight you better have better eyesight than Rob's father
I'll tell you that that's how you get the points man. That's how you get the audience. Okay
I said well listen a George you know you guys
Flashback to a George's pussy every now and then I thought oh
Is it pretty charming good looking dude there? Okay, well listen. He'll give you his number in a second not a great day pal
See you. Go ahead and either is he
Here's Miami-V. Chelo. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? They were I read pretty amazing to finally get your show
What I'm saying is I've never seen your show or never even heard your show until I watched on channel 69
So your number three. Oh my god. This audience is growing like topsy. Well, it's unfortunate
I mean I did not know what time you broadcast in the air and they don't broadcast that along with your
Show in the evening. You don't think there's no time. It's like last night. I finally under penalty of death
I did that thing at the end of the show and I'd mention that that's that's a reason it's a little bit slow
Getting people to find the show is because that should be mentioned over and over and over again
That's the whole idea of it from our standpoint. They can run it on the bottom with it. Yeah, we can put a frog on it
They can have Rob crawling on the bottom of the screen another thing is why aren't you in syndication?
I mean if this is the USA network right from the cable organization
Right, okay, well, we've only been on for three days. Well, I'm saying is uh, I mean
They've got they've got to they have TV stations in the top 12 markets in the country. Yeah, it's I'm saying I mean
So who can break a point five will get a nasty man. That's right exactly
Screw Howard Stern right
Well, I have a good day. Okay. Thanks pal. Yeah, make a billion dollar and god bless you. Bye-bye
That's the idea get it on there in some real markets. That's what we're waiting for. I mean this place say, you know
These bastards here. Oh, we've heard him say that a million time. Yeah, good blow it out your ass
But we get on the air in some places where they haven't been exposed to the goddamn anything that we're talking about on here
Where they used to hear in the same people mumbling
So you you you got your cable systems you got 400 channels on there maybe and you could flip up and down every one of them
And you got a bunch of people posturing and telling you a bull crap
There's nobody who on television tells you anything that's the truth because they're all worried about covering their god damn ass
And maybe once every six months maybe one of those investigative tough shows 60 minutes 2020
They do a show about child molesting priest or about whatever it is the Vatican banking scandal once every a 10 years like I said
And then the rest of the time they do want to offend anybody
I guarantee you won't see those those bear-ass boars on Dan Rather
Huh you won't you won't be asking what's the frequency Kenneth on the CBS evening news right Dan?
Dan
Here's a mobile in four-lotterdale hello
Hello, yes, sir. I don't know if anybody's told you I was a little spirited where I was driving in Hollywood two days ago
441 and
Shared in street the W.I.O.D. Van was there with a sign of this at save W.I.O.D
Find the petition. Oh, you know something. I'm glad you mentioned that because I heard I forget who told me this
But I think that North Bay Village voted on this tonight to go and they passed the thing for the Acondos
How the hell did I get here man? I'm gonna tell you Joe Brennan. Oh, you know something
I forget in the in the heat of all of our discussion here about many other things which will get into
I forgot to do this, okay. What an idiot. I want to tell you a story about the brand new world's biggest ass
Oh
It's a brand new story about the brand new world's biggest ass. Oh, oh my god
Oh, his name is Joe Brennan
He's the new world's biggest ass. Oh, oh, oh, yeah, you know when we were on I.O.D
If I can say that Joe Brennan was an asshole then doing the traffic got a great voice
He sounds like he knows what he's talking about the only problem is here on Q.A.M.
He's still an asshole and still doesn't do the thing right
I usually have about a 25-minute drive from where I live to work every day not not all that bad
595 is a little crowded coming east to get on the turnpike. There's no traffic at all right it down the Hershey highway
Today as many of you know, I'm sure in fact many of you're probably still stuck in it right now. There's an overturned crappy truck
By the Hollywood by the way better tell you it's right by the Hollywood Boulevard exit on the turnpike
See we're more concerned on this station telling you about the fact that you know who's the your favorite
X Marlon player your favorite dead badminton player then given a little bit of information out
I
Mean wouldn't it have been nice for us stuck in that thing for like an hour and a half to have some idea of where that thing was
I mean we knew it was on the turnpike Joe that was very good. It's backed up
It wasn't just backed up. It was like the end of the world mister
An hour and a half later
And Joe Brennan doesn't bother telling us that the you know, so number one. It's a stress factor
You have no idea where the actual wreck is and number two you're planning your strategy
I'm gonna get off at Hollywood Boulevard as luck would have it
It was right at the Hollywood Boulevard exit you get around it and then you got a clear sailing the other turnpike
Then I get on honeyhill road and guess what?
The very first coming east the very first traffic light the light is stuck red
Okay, well these things happen. There's a malfunction at the junction
14th court is the intersecting street
And we're sitting there and sitting there and traffic's backing up and you see the traffic coming the other way
So obviously the light is stuck and there is an asshole sitting in front of me
In a blue or dark gray lamans whatever the hell it was
LeBam sorry LeBaron
And just sitting there and I honked the horn and said
Aaaaaah and I'm honking the horn again and he or she I couldn't even tell they are about the window
Aaaaaah I don't know and finally I leaned on the horn and opened the window the lightest stuck you idiot
This was just a little frosting on the cake to make it a much more so happy Friday
And of course I was already psychotic before I got into car day 25 this morning to come to work
I was already to blow some of these brains out in fact. I just might just to make me feel a lot better
I think I'm beginning to understand this charlton has them thing and a whole gun thing
It makes you feel a little bit better temporarily
No seriously I would have no oh and by the way best show on channel 69 spider-man every afternoon be sure and catch that
Oh god is it well seriously it's a cartoon, but I missed that when I was a kid well it was a not I when I was a kid that is a hell of a show
Isn't it and then that dance show with all those hot kids on there
I'm gonna tell you something boys and girls. I've had some embarrassing moments in my life. We all have on the air
I have never had anything in fact I haven't I can't remember
The last time that I cried probably when somebody I knew died
Years ago
I'm just not one of those crying queens
But last night at nine o'clock after the 830 uh debacle on channel 69 and debacle would be a compliment
I turned the TV set not just back to the hockey game in the off position and I just sat there and stared contemplating my navel the ceiling the wall
You know
For some reason the ten o'clock show that sports show which I think is a pretty and by the way
We got a one share last night both at 830 and 1030. I have no idea how of course those people won't be turning it again
See within three days on the fourth day we finally double the audience on our show from a point five to a one
We start literally, you know finally people started to find the guy damn thing
And a one share to be honest within four days out of nowhere is is a miracle
But like I said, I don't think too many of those people will be coming back not anytime soon and then 1030
I switch over from the hockey game nice going by the way caps nice going asa nice shot
And I watched the first segment of 1030 and I'm thinking okay
This is gonna be tighter. This is gonna be better and we go to the break and all of a sudden there's that blank screen again
blank blank
Screen and I finally just turned right back to the hockey game and said no, thank you
And then I get here finally this morning and George tells me the 1030 was a hundred times worse
Then the 830 they repeated the same segment what three times two and a half two and a half two and a half times Rob's penis
I mean Rob they tell me and the whole crew seems to know they must shower together or do something else
But they tell me he has a beautiful perfect penis
A textbook penis if you will
But I don't think we need to tell two and a half times in the same half hour
And then getting back to the 830 segment
Getting back to that piece of crap
So we have a spot that runs finally and then we have a PSA
There's no audio and there's a little tiny bit of audio like way in Bangla desu somewhere you can tell somebody is speaking
Okay, some poor bastard there is starving to and that's where it sounds like they are in Bangladesh you can't hear it
And I'm just sitting there. I'm getting more and more and more embarrassed and humiliated and disgraced and disgusted
Not that I got anything to do with the production of this piece of crap
But how come it is at 10 o'clock they get all those sports bits in there and that thing is slickly produced and they got the live audience about a beat
And everything seems to go fine like a real TV station
How come on that dance party thing they got in the afternoon now?
How come that seems to and even those two up punky kids they got earlier in the afternoon. Oh, that's a great show by the way Hank
How come that seems to be okay and they get everything on the air
But this show which is taped ahead of time
They just can't get their ass together
Tape the head of time all the Indian all the five-year-old boardop over there's got to do is you know stop one tape hit a cart
That's all they use carts and TV just when they're not the same kind of cards they use carts for the spots
Hit the cart put the spot on okay. Oh, no can't do that. It is so bush league so embarrassing and so humiliating
That I have I have no words to describe to you how embarrassed time and yeah, I got a yellow shirt on today
See that's we got all these people calling oh, you'll have a blue shirt on today. You'll have a yellow shirt on a peach color shirt. Yeah and
See the idea of being on television is number what across promote this show and number and the station and the station by the way
See the 560 QA to promote this station Hank and
Number but foremost is to reach people and who we will hear what I'm saying what I'm talking about
The content of the program which I know for some of the radio audience. That's a real shock because oh, yeah
Is he saying it's um well, you know
They're busy doing Tommy's a douchebag, which is okay
But we had a one share last night so we had more people tuning in than ever before
In four days and they were treated to a a I have no words to describe it my
vast vocabulary has just uh, I just can't find a word to describe
Enough to bring tears to my eyes. I'll tell you that
It's it's so typical Miami baby. It's so typical of everything that goes on in this town
amateur hour
Hey, I'm gagging on it
And now I said I said I hope you're listening because I said can you imagine what what would you think if you went for three trips in a row
Especially hundreds or thousands of miles and you showed up at your hotel and I told you didn't have any reservation and I hear this
muffled sound again and then I hear click
And she hangs up the phone
Jamaican women
No wonder I'm telling you that's why the Jamaican guys are stone all the time
That's why they're smoking all that weed because the Jamaican women are a bunch of bitches
arrogant nasty and they talked to you in that in that I'm trying to think of a word for that tone
It's very condescending but in that very kind of pedantic condescending tone
Do you want to get to the bottom of this or are you just you know, just just spewing an inventing
Etc. So needless to say I've called back a couple of more times and spoke to a real supervisor who spoke English and
I'm gonna find out what her name was and get her as fired if it's the last thing I do
I don't even care about my reservations anymore
I just want to get this bitch fired because it's inexcusable
That you're paying thousands and thousands of dollars for a service which they can't get right to save and you want
I want to know what comes back down to again just like channel 69 cheap help
Oh god
I don't give a shit anymore
If your toothpaste doesn't taste great your kids don't brush long enough which could lead to ugly tartar buildup
The solution regular checkups and brushing with new crust the tartar control toothpaste laced with crack cocaine
Hey shine almost done in there
Bushing get off brushing
Crust is not only clinically proven. It's also highly addictive
See your kids will brush and brush and brush and brush and brush and brush
Come on Billy. It's been 45 minutes
brushing
Okay, go ahead, go ahead, go ahead
If you're not careful you're gonna wear those teeth down the little nothing. Oh god no
Brog sun almost got a crust
Hook your kids in a healthy habit for life brushing with new crust with crack cocaine
Sure, I'm gonna be late for work now, but it's good to see Billy brushing get out old man
This is a car jacking Billy. What are you doing? I sit out
Billy what are you going got us all a car to get more
New crust toothpaste laced with crack cocaine
Recommended by nine out of ten drug addicts
Here's a fact from Brian who says you're absolutely right about those Jamaican women
I had to take a friend to the hospital last week and the Jamaican nurse was rude
condescending
Diedactic bitch. I don't know what kept me from strangling her ripped those Jamaican women a new one's his Brian
Nice going Brian. What what is it with them? Who the hell did I think they are they think they're don't stink is that what it is
This woman I'm telling you from the time in here. Here's a situation where they have screwed up big time and granted
She personally, I'm sure was not involved with any of the scrubs, but nevertheless
She's a being paid to answer the phone and to straighten this crap out. That's what she's getting paid for
And she's got a goddamn hostile attitude before I even like said hello
She's got a bug up her goddamn moctome is what she's got or something up there
Here's a mobile and Davie hello
Hello, yes, sir
Okay, yes, first time call it okay, I'm gonna show every day for five years
You have a reason to call until today okay, I'm here to talk about them Jamaican
And you tell you something people that are on
People that own service business to not hire Caribbean people to work in their places because you know what
They think that every single service job is beneath them. Mm-hmm that they should be working at NASA somewhere or running for president
Really right? Yeah, they should never hire Caribbean people. Yeah, okay, because they're too good for the job
You're too good for the job. Okay. They are too good for the job and don't they know me or is they suck?
Well, I think you got that backward
Okay, I don't know how how whatever you say they suck so there's some good news for you go out and get a Jamaican woman because they suck
But other than that no, so the next time that I call anywhere to lodge a complaint or get some information and a I hear a Caribbean sounding voice on the other the phone
I'm gonna say oh, I'm sorry. I'm not good enough to talk to you click and that'll be the end of the conversation
And I'll keep dialing again until I find somebody you know I'm talking about I
Mean maybe I'm prejudiced huh you think maybe I might be uh-huh
But when I make like travel reservations when I when you call these numbers if can be anybody that picks up the phone
You know, they're just uh basically telephone operators
I prefer talking to a white woman between like 25 and 55 if I'm speaking to a white woman a heterosexual female
I have a feeling that my all my information is gonna be done right
I'm gonna get the job done on when I go to show up there my
Reservational be done. I'll give my plane tickets and I'm confident that everything will be fine
If I'm talking to anybody else, I always have my doubts
Here's Miami hello
They how you doing okay, sir? All right, I'm a brother. Neil and um, I should date to making girls. Okay, do they suck?
Yeah, they suck. Neil I date one and they should know me. How to argument and
Let you know I left because I left yeah, cuz I had to come back about a outlet. I came back. Yeah, no whole freaking family at my house
The whole freaking family at my house. Did they at least bring us some good weed?
And let's know I had a little like half a fight through the whole family
They want to wear white other my dollar who is between me and her
I got upset after me her went out to the festival one day, right?
And I was you know, they were smoke weed full of weed. Oh, no, I was smoking the wicked weed
Yes, at the best. Jesus. What's wrong with those goddamn Jamaicans anyway smoking the wicked weed? Don't they know it's ill eagle right?
They want part and this no
I'm getting high off of somebody else
Okay
All right, let's hear it. Oh
What's wrong with that the price is right
Better watch out for that thick and hand smoke is what he'd be saying right?
And see this this goes back to the question I asked weeks ago
I've asked it many times over the last couple of years never get a real answer
From all you white people that go on vacation and go to the Caribbean why
Why would anybody in their right mind who's got the spend some dollars to spend why would you go to the Caribbean where there are hostile a hate you like poison
Where does all schwarz is in the first place why would you go there? What's the attraction?
Over to his beautiful beaches you live in Florida and you got to go there to see beautiful beaches
They're going there for the dope. That's what they're going there is to get the cheap weed. It's got to be has to be
There's absolutely no other reason in the world to be going there
Here's a mobile in Ford Pierce hello. Yeah, sir. How are you doing? Okay?
Um, I just got a little information. I used to be a part of a swingers club and um
You knew the six things that go on a swingers club
You would get you would get religion
I'm not religious. Yeah, even though I love the swingers club
Well, let me ask you this. Did anybody coerce you into going there? Well, yes
At gunpoint
Well, what happens is they have a lot of anal sex at these things and then I don't know if I can say this word
No, no, sir. Let me say it again. Did somebody force you? Did we you dragged into that place? Oh
Well, was it a private club?
Yes, obviously and did you did you have to pay money to join it? Yes, but my older sister took me there
Your sister took you there and then I was you're high. No wait. Let's let's slow down
You're having anal sex with your older sister
No, I did not have anal sex with your sister
Is that what you just said?
No, I mean she took me there and I had anal sex with other people for the first and only time my life is a horrific experience
Yeah, and um
I'll ask you that you must because you were on a receiving end no doubt no no I can't do that but
Um, the six thing about is is that people actually I don't know if I can say this word but they give blow jobs afterwards
Yeah, and uh you're looking for glory holes. Yeah, and
That just doesn't seem too good to me. Yeah, I didn't see like that would be that would be too appetizing
I would think a good country fried steak would be a lot better
I mean if you really want something brown you want some really good brown meat. Yeah
But also I can't move that lady. I mean, I don't know if I oh yeah, okay. You're hang on
Yeah, let's get his number not. He's gonna move that lady
Right over to the corner and then got only those what's gonna happen and oh geez go clean it off
What a maniac. Oh, yeah, he went to a say it was horrible his sister took him there
His older sister took him to a swingers club and he was having anal sex and it was disgusting
Ah
Outer in a Catholic school the decision was reached as the public school system in this town simply sucks
It bites it blows yet the local politicians are more concerned about how many more sports aren't as we can build in any event
Though I disagree with the mentality of the Catholic school. It was about the best available alternative for better education for our daughter
And the most affordable one compared to private institutions
During the school's introduction a book was distributed to the parents as a guide and how to discuss with your child the subject of sex
In reading through this book. I found a few interesting items that I thought you would enjoy as well
Keep in mind again. This is from a manual distributed in a Catholic school to the uh students
Number one masturbation is a mortal sin as God did not create our body for self stimulation fueled by lust induced images
Okay, so put it down guys
Number two anal sex not in so many words is also a mortal sin as God created the body for procreation and this form of sex should only be for animals
In other words people should not be a fooling around in each other's rectum
Which a lot of you're gonna be really pissed off about that
You're gonna be burning that lake of fire in no time. God damn it. You're gonna be really hot
Oh, that's the idea
Number three sex is not to be performed as a result of lustful images
And if so the individual should try to find a way to erase those images from his or her mind as they are obscene
And to allow them into your mind is also a mortal sin put those hustlers down. Okay?
Put those all those magazines now put that porn or collection at the Catholic Church has got put that away. Okay
And last but certainly not least on the list that he faxes to me and isn't it interesting that we were talking about this
On a show only the other day and there were those people denying it. Oh, you just making that up the church doesn't teach that
Sex should be done only to procreate and not as a pleasurable activity
Should I read that again?
Sex should only be done to procreate and not as a pleasurable activity
He goes on to say don't happen after the book with me today
It would work however Monday. I'll try to fact you the pages here in sight as the language used goes far beyond what I can come up with
But there are the main points some of the main points
It's so dirty, baby
It's dirty. It's filthy and disgusting unless of course the bishops doing it
How do you like that? So anyway this professor reclumbia university says
The expression oye vee is an expression of deep sympathy at a truly tragic occurrence as when somebody does Frank's an actress dead
Oye
Oh my god Phil Harmon he got shot his wife's dead too. Oye
How do you like that John Denver dead? Oye Chris Farley is dead. Oye
Bobby Kennedy dead 30 years ago. We're celebrating it now. Oye
Who else Pete Marivitz dead? Oye
Pistol Pete
Why it erpes dead? Oye
Oye
Oye
Golda May year
Oye
Any other dead Jews
There's got to be some other dead Jews anybody where come on well give me your name real quick
David Ben Gurion dead. Oye
Yeah
Avril Haramon dead. Oye
There's nothing funny about Oye
That's what this pseudo-electual real from juzas at Columbia University when you got anybody
Jews goi am anybody take stuff so seriously
I mean Yiddish that's the best part about Yiddish is that it's fun
It's fun. It's funny. It's off the wall and most of the game don't understand what it means anyway
Well, that's what's great about you a Yiddish
Why the hell would you if it weren't for the food and the Yiddish? Why would you waste your time being Jewish?
There's almost no religion to it
Except for the lunatics who are over there. Uh, it's this isn't their
Tollises and their 400 pounds of clothing you're wearing right now
It's 110 degrees out there on Lincoln Road which by the way will be closed tonight for Gloria Estefan
Big Bash tonner her new album. How do you like that? They just closed down their mall tonight for four hours
Because she's got a new album coming out and the people at Sony said they're closed on the Lincoln Road mall because Gloria
Okay, she ain't gonna be there, but uh, you know
Closer guy named all down well, she'd expect to be paid of course
Fied and we now have millions and millions more people who are classified either overweight or obese in other words real fat
Like me and like Murray
And like our camera guy there from channel 69 who still eatin donuts and the drinking regular soda with sugar with it
Let's see how many mealy's he shovels. Oh seriously. Why do you drink coke with sugar in it? What's wrong with diet coke
Do you know how many seriously you don't know you get rid of all that sugar in one year that'll that'll cost you like 10 or 15 pounds
They're only thinking me a lot of right now
Sugar
But how much sugar do you need? How about the goddamn donuts? They don't have enough sugar for you
God, I'll make this guy's gonna be sitting on a goddamn donuts. He's gonna have sugar on his back though pretty soon
Oh, and that that's why Barry Diller hired him, huh? He wants to get his licks
Anyway
So anyway weight loss is the deal how they're saying and they got this new weight index
So anyway what I was trying to get to hear my own convoluted way because I'm not gonna talk him about today. He just wants to be fat, okay?
One recommendation as far as helping you to lose weight is to be aware of certain fat free foods that actually are high in calories. Are you listening?
A federal chart highlights examples that frequently trip up dieters not to mention the extra carbs by the way
A half cup of premium nonfat frozen yogurt contains 190 calories
That's a half cup of premium nonfat while regular ice cream has 180 calories
For the same amount how do you like that
The fat free is the biggest fraud and you broads out there are still running out there with your snack wells
And you're fat free this and your anthems and all your other crap, okay?
You're gonna die. I'll tell you that right now, okay?
I guarantee you you keep that up in some day. I guarantee I promise you you'll die
Here's a mobile in north Miami Beach hello
Neil yes, sir. I have a lunchman the clarification why you're there not you
Oh, this is why you're there. Yeah, uh
How about did luckman
Oi with us. I'm not sure dead
Fireland ski
Oi what sport did he play?
And he wanted and how about the patriarch of the ponderosa then cartwright?
Oi he was Jewish Lauren green or the dog was Jewish. He was Canadian
Orpidock he was an orthodox then how to how to eat all that elbows. Oi
I wonder he's dead
An early good job as we love you and happy of Pesach
And pour them in the sookus and simchastora see really there are none of these things
We just make these things up to frustrate all you goyam out there
Two open lines in date and of course then they start repeating it. It's so you know we have have to use these methods because they're so few of us left
Here's Miami. Hello
Neil God. Yes, sir. Hey, uh, how about a jager Hoover dead fag
I'm think I'm Clyde Tulson is a buddy
Oi
Uh, I'm introducing the office to your show and I want I have a request if you can put our bomb moves on
Balmo you got it. We'd really appreciate it. I have I want to call a couple people douchebag that all right go ahead
Ready Sanchez Chris Moore you guys are flamin douchebag
Okay, see ya
By the way, wait to see this what you won't see it unless you're in the media
Great press release that Sam the man our promotions a sham. I mean how's that go?
Put together near Rogers goes by media not bisexual of course unless that the bitch calls back from before the one at the and she sounded like a real
Scan you come back for what to try again to try what to convert you
I'm not interested in being converted. Okay. She loves you. I don't love her
I don't want anything to do with her. I don't want to smell one of those disgusting. Oh jeez
I don't want to be anywhere near that thing. Okay
So anyway, let me snatch this press release again out of my hand here and say
Neil Rogers from 560 WQM across over to television for his anticipated TV show
The show'll be taped during his on air show on 560 WQM and the best of Neil will air on Neil at night on W.A.M
I channel 69 formerly the home shopping network every weeknight from 839 p.m. and replay 1030 to 11 p.m. starting this Monday, June 8
The South Florida audience will watch and witness the outrageous controversial and highest pay highest paid air personality in the state of Florida
In the state of Florida
How do we know that?
And last year making a lot more over there in Tampa. No, no
Here's a Miami. Hello
Miami winners. This
Great. Hey, how about a glorious Stefan? What are they doing out there at the think more?
Well, let me read it to you, okay, sir. All right. It'll kill a couple of seconds. That's already threw it out
Oh, geez. What the hell that I already threw glory in the trash
Goa pointed them owners of Miami and represented the ball that you do
Oh, wait, man. Let me look at a track. Oh, here it is
Here it is parts of South Beach will be jam packed and I went pop singer Gloria as Stefan celebrates the release of a new album two years in the making
Lincoln Road will be shut down from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. between meridian and drug or Drexel Avenue's for a free block party in honor of a step
On's latest release Gloria what an original name that is on epic records a subsidiary of Sony
Those jabs are added again, sir
Estefan is not scheduled to perform but sponsors Sony music for Cardi and specs promise a big show including videos and dancers
Even Ed Sullivan might be there for the big show parkings available at veterans. Oh, so there are and how about a Hernandez
You haven't heard you talking much about him Hernandez. Yeah, Alberto or Alberto or leave on
Oh, no, the criminal yeah, the picture. Well, what is it? He's pitching and catching right now
He's gonna be catching where is he's going? I tell you we're a long time.
No, can I call somebody to do you back? Go ahead? Hey Jason stop driving douche bag. Okay later Neil. See ya. Why?
