Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
You've heard a Neil called 567 0560 toll free for date and
rarer or pound 560 on your cell phone.
Opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not
necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions or the
easily broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
What is a Buffalo Bill?
Who needs a little training?
Like and to understand you don't sound like a fan.
Remove the rubber band that shows your slow-tongued cell-team.
Jell-D, your lucky man at Christmas don't care, don't care.
You don't belong there on the air and Jell-D.
Those four can't wait till your voice cracks.
Cause anyone who sounds like that should find another job.
And they should only take you back when both your baby's rock.
Jell-D, when you're gonna grow up, you make a toy to throw up.
You silly, squeaky, blue, those two broad-tasting fools.
Your free, new best, this voice, thank you.
Now, die, cut, cut, you're a cut, you're a cut.
You know, I've been here to try to thank over the 400 years that I've been on the air.
Have I ever heard anybody whose voice annoys me more?
Who just absolutely drives nails into my brain.
Come on, nail you into the internet.
Yeah, maybe the she.
Was he ever really on the air?
Or did he just audition him?
Or can't you remember that far?
He was on the air.
He actually had a show on the old I-
O-D.
Not for very long though.
No, of course none of those shows run very long.
He was on almost as long as Greg, but not quite.
Yeah, the she- was there right in there.
He was, oh man, but Jell-D, I'm coming to work this morning.
I'm driving along, singing a song.
Just kind of oblivious to everything that's going on in the world.
Not suspecting that George has got sabotaged waiting in the little refrigerator there
and got Hershey's chocolate pieces in there.
Why did you do that?
Tipper Crit, you're always bitching out everybody else for doing that.
And I opened up the little mini refrigerator that my good friend Robert gave us a couple of years ago.
Well, I sure remember Robert, don't I?
No.
Yes, I do.
But at any rate, and I go in there to get my diet Pepsi's and my sole water, whatever might be in there.
And I see a little bag of Hershey's chocolate, little miniature pieces.
I thought I had them hidden.
Oh yeah, you really had it, though, didn't you?
You had them hidden.
Very very well, right.
The refrigerator is about the size of most people's ass, okay?
So how easy is it to hide something in a refrigerator that size?
It's not when you root like this.
It's the size of the average person, the specto, you know, that's about how big it is.
You're full of crap.
So anyway, I'm coming to work this morning.
I'm suspecting that I'm going to be here with a sugar shock when I come in.
And I'm listening, of course, to this station.
Why I'm not really sure, but I'm listening.
And they get to the thing about Edgar Rentoria, okay?
Now, this for anybody with a brain out there is just another example of how it continues ongoing, ongoing, ongoing.
They keep sticking your right in the back.
Correct.
That's right no matter how big it is.
Because, well, you know, he's eligible for arbitration in Yadi, Yadi, Yadi.
And he was only making two and a quarter last year.
But he probably going to get about a million and a half this year.
And then Dave Dombrasio come on tomorrow and pedal some story.
Well, anyway, to make a long story short, there he is as always, as predictable as snow in the North Pole, okay?
A smithering suckle.
I will never ever as long as I live respect Joe Rose or Jeff DeForest until the day when one or both of them gives guilty a knuckle sandwich right on the air.
I will never have respect for either one of them.
Because how anybody can restrain himself sitting there and listening to the other never ending smithering suckle, like this goes on and on no matter what the situation is.
Maybe that's his role on the show.
Maybe when he was hired, he was told, we want you to be a smithering suckle because we heard your voice and we think you won't have to redo much acting.
You won't have to do a put on anything.
Just for yourself, you'll be a smithering, never ending suckle that always like a smithering suck.
Remember that sound?
Smithering sucks?
Boy, does he get on my nerves?
I mean, I don't, you know, it's not personal because I don't know him well enough for it to be personal.
It's business.
And man, how these, of course the sports nerds, like I said, they had the five-year-old kids on there a couple of weeks ago, Hank was on route or something.
And they're on there.
And the very first call of somebody wants to, you know, some advice on who we should bet, the points, but will they cover the spread?
Well, you know, the overs and the under, the ins and the outs, the ups and the downs.
So when you deal with the sports nerds, it doesn't make it, it could be a minor bird.
As long as it's somebody on the other end of the phone who's willing to hold a conversation about the same incestant repetitions meaningless garbage, they don't care.
You know what I'm talking about?
Oh, but that voice, that voice, that sound, it's not only the sound of it, but what's coming out?
What are you saying?
And he was saying something reasonable with a bad voice, you'd say, well, here's the guy that really knows his stuff, he just got a bad voice.
But he's got a bad irritating voice and he sucks.
He sucks and he sucks and he sucks and he never stops sucking.
God, we'll just once, once in your life come on here and stop being a company's show, okay? Just once.
The funds are for God.
Exactly.
Enough of the God damn sucking already, Gelly, Jesus, God and Joseph.
Man.
You're a bastard, you're a stupid.
Yeah, I'm sitting here this morning, your captive audience is about 20 to 10 and I hear that sound.
I just cracked the monitor up just a little teeny tiny bit just to see if we're on here.
When you work on this station, you have to check that out very frequently.
And there's that sound again, just like scraping nails, not on a blackboard, but on your rectum.
Oh, all over your body, like falling into a river of red ends, that are just crawling inside and outside and all over your head and your ears and just everywhere.
The sound of that voice, smithering and sucking.
So anyway, we got to the information first here yesterday, by the way.
Camera on Martian is out at Channel 4.
You see, this is what happened.
He's the one that's going to have to pay for it.
Not that he's a great and even a good guy.
I mean, you know, I can handle him even in spite of those lips.
But, you know, he's the never-stolen freight train and I have watched Channel 4 for years by default.
But this is the price they pay for f***ing over our good friend Barbus Lone.
Right? There you go.
I told you, I told you I'd have Mickey Day and Anchvo Griffin put a goddamn evil curse on you people at Channel 4 and it worked like a charm.
Like a lucky charm.
They were ratings are so goddamn low that you can't find them with the Mount Palomar telescope.
And they brought in that, I don't know what they saw in her, that Ann Roberts.
She is as wooden as a board.
No, seriously, she's as wooden as a surfboard.
She's just, she's an old Barbie doll.
She's not a Barbie doll that's cute or pretty or that delivers the news particularly effectively or well or into.
She's just a face.
Whereas Barbus Lone, at least that was here for a while and she was kind of like had some warmth to her.
Ann Roberts is about as warm as an ice cube.
In fact, maybe she knows Hillary.
Maybe she's another ice princess.
Huh?
And we had the news.
We had the scoop for you right here first yesterday, boys and girls.
Channel 4's early and late evening news cast suffered from low ratings and they got the assistant news director from Channel 7 and they're going right after them.
They're going to go on there and they're going to put people on hyperventilating and carrying on and hovering over the news desk and hovering over each other.
Doing her goddamn best, emulate Channel 7 and that stupid garbage that swill that they put on and pretend is news.
With a bunch of fruit flies, splitting around like butterflies and heat.
Isn't that basically what they do?
Thank God they got somebody much over there like Rick Santa.
By the way, be ever told stories about how he used to dress up in the morning.
Nine minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQM or QAM VAM will be out at a location to be disclosed momentarily.
We didn't do that great yesterday and I wanted to dress that a great length today by the way.
Thought you asked holes in Pemberg Pines.
Oh, seriously, I think that there are a lot of assholes.
We have many assholes of course in town because we got four million people down here.
But you know, Pemberg Pines I think is the center. That's the core.
That's assholeville is Pemberpines, which is why George got out of there by the way.
He used to live there. I used to live there. Pemberg Lakes.
And I looked around and I said, boy, what about your assholes? I'm getting out of here right now.
Oh!
Alright, this is Mari Fovitch wishing you a happy Hanukkah.
ABC may have turquoise back on Ellen but not the gay community.
This fall ABC's latest hit comes out of the closet. The Nancy Boys mystery.
We clean apartment, go to the gym and solve mysteries.
Join the Nancy Boys as time after time they put their asses on the line.
Who's that on with the grind?
That's the premiere episode when Bruce's tank top mysteriously disappears as the gym and lands promises to get to the bottom of things.
And solve the mystery.
You know, Stefan, old piece of Christmas trash with walking away.
I came out of the song. I think it's time for his Christmas.
The Nancy Boys mysteries.
They're gair than gay.
Special guest appearance by Richard Simmons.
Coming this fall on ABC.
1014 at 560 WQM. So anyway, let's hear some good things about Camberl Martian.
Okay, number one, he never stole a freight train.
Number two, he was like an offensive other than it took me a while.
It took me about five or six years to get used to the lips.
Which he couldn't help that, huh?
He had big lips.
Oh, that's, you know, something.
That's what I should have played before I started talking about this.
I should have played.
I'm not going to pay for the little things.
Little things. Little things. Little things.
Little things. Little things. Little things.
I'm very proud of my new nose ring.
So anyway, like I said, once you got by the lips and his appearance, which wasn't the greatest.
See, I don't know what it is about me, but if I'm going to look at somebody doing the news,
they don't have to look great like Bill Hummer on CNN in the morning, who does look very good.
Or they can look like Ralph Renek didn't look good.
I mean, did he look good?
No.
He never looked good. Even at birth, he didn't look too good.
But he was not offensive.
He wasn't a grotesque, disgusting, horrendous thing to look at.
Was he?
No. He was okay.
And Robert, she wasn't attractive.
She was very, very much too but she wasn't offensive looking.
No.
Uh-huh.
But the Cambrale, it took like I said, now that we're finally used to him.
I'm used to him. I like Cambrale.
He did a lot of good stuff for charity in the community.
He's a good guy.
He never stole a freight train.
And he's out.
How come Brian Norcross, that little twit, that little hysteria,
and of course they don't want to get rid of him because he'll fit right in with their plans now.
That's the direction they want to go in.
Hype reventilating and hysterical.
The Rick Sanchez, Brian Norcross, take everything and whip it up into a major controversy and a frenzy routine.
And that's the responsible job of doing the news.
They don't give a crap about the news about any other, but they are the news that works for you.
And the article I'm reading here, one of, in both papers, by the way, it says it didn't work for them.
It may work for us, but it didn't work for them.
The ratings were in the, uh, uh, crap, uh, is what it says.
I mean, there are people on there who are very offensive like Jim Berry.
The Cambrale Martian is a black guy, but you don't look at him doing the news as a black guy doing the news.
Even though he used to be a sports guy doing the sports.
Now he's a black guy doing it.
But you don't look at him once you get by the lip thing and by the, you know, and the name thing, Cambrale, me and out of,
if he would have changed his name to like, uh, John Ed Tom Tom Martian, huh?
That would have been a little more acceptable, but Cambrale, you know, when you come right down to it, how many people do we know?
I think the culture barrier, the cultural barriers in this country are becoming much worse than they used to be.
How many guys do you know named Cambrale?
Besides Cambrale Martian, is do you know anybody else named Cambrale?
No.
Could you name me if I held a gun to your head? Could you name me one other person on the face of the earth named Cambrale?
No.
How many people I asked this yesterday got no response since the Jets game was just forget about the game.
That's not the important thing.
Forget about the social significance.
How many people do you know named Keachon?
And see, this is what another thing that gets me about these sports nerds is that they can come up with any ridiculous X-ray hip.
What are these stupid assholes names?
Oh yeah, and the sports casters and the sports fans.
Oh, there's X-ray right over there.
There's extra X-ray, whatever his name is.
There's the artist formerly known as an asshole, whatever it is.
But how many people seriously do you know named Keachon?
Do you know anybody named Keachon?
No.
Cambrale?
No.
Uh, Boama?
I know a couple of latrines.
Yeah, I just hit the latrine on the way before the show, yeah.
So Jim Berry, like I said, he's offensive.
He's a black guy who wants to be a professional black guy who's always doing his duket and jive and and rap and and crap.
And he's offensive.
He's obnoxious.
He's disgusting.
He is an impediment to channel four news.
And immediately when his post comes on there, as soon as he's going to do his make believe professional black guy sports, I flip to my clicker starts clicking automatically.
I've got that locked into my Sony XPR TV that when Jim Berry comes on under any circumstances, the set just starts going all over the place, any place but until he gets off of it, then I go back to channel four.
I guess they're not going to be impressed over the fact that I was one of the few people that religiously watch channels for news.
Like I said, not because it's great, not because I really like it all that much, but because I certainly won't want that simple Jackass Tony cigarette on channel six.
He's an asshole.
Other sports nerd turned the news guy, which is not good enough for him. He keeps trying to interfere in the sports over there is what we hear and a real prima donna along with Jennifer Velapi who we understand is even bigger prima donna.
And when they get their new studios in Miramar by the way, she wants to be picked up in a limousine. We were reading the other day and the brought to and fro and back and forth because we all know that her don't stink.
That's right.
So I certainly wouldn't watch that I wouldn't watch channel seven news under any circumstances.
Although they do have their own weather furry, which I think is kind of amusing.
And channel 10, I mean, why is channel 10 number one all the time in their news?
Their news that it doesn't even cross my mind. That's how much I watch channel ten news. It doesn't even enter into my mind.
And that was before that I nagged into that crappy apes on me.
It didn't enter my mind then before and it still doesn't know. Dwight Lauderdale since he shaved off the mustache looks like he got that aging disease.
He looks like he's 120 years old.
He looks like an old tired man still doing the news on TV.
It's like they propped up Ralph Renek. They brought him back from the grave and they propped him up at a chair at channel four, which they probably get higher ratings than they got now.
And that's what it's like looking at Dwight Lauderdale.
And Diane, like I said with her hair problem.
And they just, I mean, is there any like Todd Tungen? That's what they're asking in all the newsrooms all over town every day.
Who's Todd Tungen today? But other than that, I mean, he's just a silly goose.
The only person I do like over there on channel ten news is Don.
No. Yeah. He's great.
For my money, he's of the regular.
I don't want to offend my good friend Weaver the weatherman, but they stuck him at three in the morning.
We don't see him anymore. It's a great guy and a great meteorologist, but he's a three in the morning.
And I don't want to offend my good close personal friend Bob Soaker, who's also very good, but like, you know, hyperventilates a little bit too much lately, but a good guy.
But Don, is I would say the best weather guy in the market. Is there any debate on that?
No.
Would you disagree with that?
No. Okay. Don, what does Don?
No. Whatever he knows, he shares with us. He's good. He doesn't hyperventilate. He's not irresponsible.
He doesn't lift everybody into a frenzy. He doesn't cause wife and a goddamn supermarkets and hardware stores.
Every time we have a goddamn rainstorm, Don, though, is great. Other than that, Channel 10 blows.
So the bottom line is I'm going through this long kind of a looted thing because she what they're trying to do is style.
Instead of like good people, like we used to have John Hambrick, who was great. He was too professional, I guess.
We didn't have room for John Hambrick in this market because he was a professional news guy who actually had some credibility.
He looked like a real serious news guy on there. He was a great guy, by the way.
And he's not here anymore. Son is doing this stuff on what channel is it? Whatever channel it is.
What channel is that? That the Jack Hambrick is on is that four?
Wherever he is. And he's okay. Don't look too good, but he's okay.
But news in this town, man. It's a joke. There just isn't any news anymore.
So, Cambrill, we wish you the best. You're a good guy. You never still afraid to train. Did a lot of good stuff for kids and for charity.
And he's a good guy and he gets a reward for it by getting stuck in a wreck.
And that's right. And they're going to make him the scapegoat for their failures to put on a real good newscast.
And of course, how about that God damn ham-hawk, Al Sunshine, huh?
How about now give him a little bit of the blame? Al Sunshine with those disgusting arms of his.
Right in the middle of the dinner hour. Are we going to watch Al Sunshine?
Oh, Jesus pointing and pointing. You know, we'll point it yourself. Okay, you fat part.
Go look at yourself in a mirror and start working on yourself. You fat, but chubby piece of third.
Wave in those ham-hawks. Yeah, right.
Shame on you is why I say shame on you, Al Sunshine.
So there you go. They're shaking it and they're quick and we got stations moving sixes where four used to be in fours, where six used to be.
And the thing I love about Channel 6 is every five minutes they come on and they say, if you can't see the picture, you know, don't you love that? Call our technical analyst.
Okay, call up George Corsair over QA and he's got some spare time. He'll work on it for you and the picture too.
And of course, if you can't, if you still can't see the picture, just turn on your FM radio and you can listen to our newscast on FM only by a quirk of, you know, nature.
Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello. I'm speaking to you. Yes. Are you speaking to me? Yes. And?
Do you believe that? See what I'm saying? We've got 20 hours a day for these people who have no lives whatsoever. 20 hours every day of your lives.
I don't want to hear about Jimmy Johnson. I don't want to hear about Danny Merino. I don't want to hear about the dolphins. I don't want to hear about the jets. I don't want to hear about the bills. I don't want to hear about Bill Cauer. I don't want to hear about any guy punching his coach in the face. I don't want to hear about none of that crap.
Okay. You understand? No. No.
22 and a half minutes. I only had to say hello to this guy 16 times before he realized that I was saying hello.
And he's giving me a song of events. I don't want to hear about that. I want to know how many guys you know named Keishan.
I want to know what this whole cultural thing is now. I've never had a, even an attempt at a satisfactory explanation of where these black names are coming from in America today.
Driving a stake between the races in America with these ridiculous ass. How many guys, let me ask you this. How many guys do you know named Ampourney?
Huh?
Number Ampourney Hopkins. He used to put the lotion in the, yeah, right? Ampourney Hopkins. And then there was Ampourney. What was his name? He was in psycho. Perkins. That's the last talk. Very good.
There's a great letter to the editor by the way this morning in the hero. Very, very short. One of the great letters in the history of letters to the editor.
And they put a little headline on it with a, you heard it says the universal language and the S is in this form of a dollar sign, the universal language.
And the letter from a Samuel's in Miami Beach says, after living in Miami, date County for 40 years, I don't speak Spanish. Nor do I have to. My money speaks for me and everybody understands.
Oh, I go on a Samuel's that away to stick it right in their puts. No, speak it upon you. Okay, here are only $50 million and blow it out your ass. Nice going a Samuel's. That's the kind of guy respect.
Who's not going to like, you know, bend over and wilt under the pressure of a bunch of a banana boat people who don't want to get with a program. Speaking of that, here's higher. Hello.
Good morning. Yes, sir. Yeah, be good. No, no way. No way. Who's a okay? How you doing, sir? And we don't want to go anymore Puerto Ricans. You're either yes, sir. How are you doing? I just called the hell. Hello. See how everything's doing. I got a.
What does that mean? You call the say hello and see how everything's doing. What does that mean? Well, I just send a radio on. Yeah. And I heard you were talking about some strange names. Yeah, I got one for you. Santisha McNair.
Santisha, I know the least 40 women named Santisha. You do over three guys. No. I thought it was the only one. Santisha. Santisha McNair. Yeah, who that be? Oh, she's a girl. She goes to school within Jersey. She's the cry all the time. What do they call her? Tisha? She's called a crybaby. Okay.
Well, it's a lot easier to call her cry. Maybe that's what Johnny Debson and call her Santisha. How you doing, Santisha? What is this? What is this with these freaky black names? I think what America wants to know? Do we want to know? We want to know. I think it's some kind of a goddamn code is what I think.
Is it getting warm in here? Is it my imagination? Huh? Maybe it's me. Maybe I'm getting all worked up to a frenzy already this morning. So anyway, we raised a very mediocre 610 bucks in Pemberg Pines and wherever else we were yesterday. That's the two locations combined. I told those guys they should have stayed with the hell they were.
So, and we got 247 bucks in the mail this morning, which I thank you profusely by the way. 857. So our ongoing total is 85,796% of one and we still have seven of the borders yet to be poured in for last week. Just like we also have yet to get my check from what you call for last week from why me last week. But it is the holidays and that's a good excuse why things are slowing down a little bit.
But I'm sure that Carol will have some information up to date for us any minute now on a facts machine. Right, Carol?
Oh boy. The battle, but we'll win it.
Where do you find it, Kaplan? White where you got it. Sports where you bought that candy, a little secret.
Help. It's me again, Bob.
Do you know when you're done? How do you like that? He's buying candy and bringing you. I thought somebody gave it to him trying to find it off.
I'm dreaming of a white paper. Yeah, like being a key show.
I think white guys are the start name of their kids, Keesha.
They're the ones who are trim and far said.
I think boy, a lot of start name in our kids, yet.
I'm dreaming of a white paper with every force.
I'm a white paper.
I'm a white paper.
We were just reminiscing. We photoshopped because we had some, was it facing any of these companies?
We mastered. We digitally. I love the companies. Of course, even though it's embarrassing.
We were thinking if Elvis would have just shared some of that food that he overweight with Karen Copper, they might both still be alive today.
You ever stop and think about that? You ever think about it? No.
Elvis even sounds like a normal name. We know several Elvis grew back. There you go.
Although he's another stupid joke. But we know a few people named Elvis.
But Keeshawn, and what was the one he gave us? Botswana?
Here's West Palm Beach. Hello.
Neil, how are you today?
I do know one Keeshawn.
Really? Yes, I do. But he also is a dark neighbor.
Yeah, oh, you have a dark neighbor.
Yeah, but he's only four. I think he was just named after the football player.
What? That's pathetic. That's what we need.
There's a lot more people named after football players like Karim, Abdul, Jabbar, whose name was Bob Smith when he was born.
But he's there.
Yeah, I called George and said it was okay since I couldn't get through to my congressman.
If I got to talk to you about Clinton for a minute.
Yeah.
Does this be any more pathetic?
They don't care that even Eliana Gross-Latinin, 70 and 80 and 90% of the people that are calling her congressman are saying no to impeachment.
And they don't give a crap. In fact, the people are saying one thing.
And the more they say that, the more these assholes are moving in the opposite direction, according to what I'm reading this morning.
Do they think they're mine?
Do they forget what happened November 3rd?
Huh?
Do they think that's not going to happen again?
Huh?
If you think that the voter apathy is not going to happen again.
You know, something in a way this is probably even though it's going to make for a lot of months of grief in the bull crap on TV,
and since the OJ trials over already, I mean, it'll keep people off the streets.
Even though we're going to have to go through all of that, the fact is there is no chance he'll be convicted in the trial in the Senate.
And come 2000, all of these right-wingers, and even the moderate Republicans are going to get us sucked in.
They're all going to say goodbye to them.
Because don't forget the house gets the whole house gets reelected every two years.
But what's going to happen is that the voter apathy that you've seen for the last 1,300 years is going to be gone.
And they're going to have to be in the evolution because the people are going to be fired up and pissed off.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
And they're going to find out the right wing is going to get what they've needed all this time.
Yeah, absolutely correct.
Neil, can we make one request for Palm Beach?
Anything you want to play?
Okay.
We love you.
Thank you.
That's a great life.
How about that?
That's for Palm Beach.
I'll tell you what, here's something for Pemberpine.
Oh, they hate me in Pemberpine.
What have I ever done to them?
I mean, George and I both moved out of there.
Maybe that maybe they're holding that against us.
Could it be that?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Not too big on us in Pemberpines.
We had an intersection yesterday when you told me that they went to Pines and where the hell was it?
University?
Yeah.
To the Hooters.
Try to pick up some ugly chicks over there that can't get laid by anybody else.
When you told me they were over there, I thought, boy, that's a busy intersection.
And I would say 95% of the people that hang out in that area.
Like I said, 82% of those people speak English.
About 40% of them actually speak English in that part of the town.
20% or 30%.
And they went over there and they couldn't raise enough money to even get laid as a matter of fact.
That's what they were trying to do.
Or maybe that's where the excess went.
Maybe the cash money that they got.
Maybe that all went to.
Are you on talking about?
Oh, boy, because I noticed it kind of ended abruptly yesterday.
They did not hang around to get their thousand dollars yesterday over there at Hooters.
So Sam and Chris, the nephew, they'll be taking the QA and Ven out today.
And we better, is it crawl springs and we decided that for sure?
We'll let you know the exact location.
We'll be in crawl springs, okay?
And then between your gang meetings and your gang bangs up there,
I'm hoping that some of you can take some time out and help us out and pick up your best of the old merchandise,
your CDs and cassettes and t-shirts and whatever other.
And we got some crap to give away to you, some dolphin t-shirts and whatever else.
Some of the ones that say Keishan, sucks on the back.
Keishan.
I wish I had a knee, a list of all the idiotic names.
In fact, what?
Wait a minute.
What's that one name?
What is that one name that Dave Hyde mentions in his cross to columnist point?
Nice going Dave, a column almost worth the reading.
Was it in there?
Oh, please don't tell me it's not.
Oh yeah, here it is.
Yeah, he's another dolphin.
Adafn.
What do they call him?
Hey you.
That's what they call him.
Hey bro, like I said, anybody says hey bro, you know that's you know, easily.
He's an asshole.
That's right.
That went out with Nickers, okay?
That went out with two piece men's bathing suit.
Hey bro, trying to be cool.
People who try to be cool and hip are about as cool as their frogs.
That's hard.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Peel.
Yes sir.
You're a disgrace to the Jewish religion.
Yeah.
And, and happy Hanukkah.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, we have an open line that's powered 567, very weak attempt by the way sir.
567-0560, pound 560 on the mobile one line.
I'm only a, only a culinary Jew, okay?
Oh, I'm only into the deli.
So leave all the rest of the bum while I see somebody else.
Here's the lady in Miami.
Hello.
Yes ma'am.
Hi.
I was just going to answer a question about the name.
Yes, what is that?
What do that be?
I hope that first and we don't even know.
You know, even the starches don't know how do you like that?
It's like a very, I don't know, they, I think it's a plot.
They name their kids T1nika and all these.
T1nika, how you doing T1nika?
And Oprah, what kind of a name is Oprah when you come right down to it?
The kids can't even spell their own names.
Right, they can't even spell Sarah much less T1nika.
They can't even say it.
Oh, I'm talking about Xavier.
Man, back to you, thank you.
There's a dark, conflicted lady and she's chocolate about it because she's thinking, you know something you got appointments there.
You honky-basted over there.
I don't even know how myself what it's all about.
Just because somebody one day told you if you're, if your complexion is darker than like four on the Eritre scale,
then you got to come up with some anaphyracuner kind of name or something.
Kishon, any sports assholes?
Oh, did you see that plate Kishon made?
What?
What is that?
What language would you be speaking?
You know, when we get into that bilingual thing, which I certainly don't want to do again,
unless we read that letter for the editor, that was great.
From A Samuel's on Miami Beach.
But you ever talk about that thing?
Let's slow it down a little bit.
Because if you're talking Kishon and T1nika and Isbulacrap, you do not speak in English.
You do not even speak in Sanskrit.
I say let's go back and start speaking Latin is what I say.
Okay, let's have a Latin revolution.
We're not talking Latin as in Hispanic.
We're talking Latin is let's put the togas back on.
Oh, it's speaking of that.
I got that great article about, where is it?
Oh, leave it to my friends, the Dutch.
They know their craft, baby.
So it's not both things back in town or Zioff flying around again, by the way.
Correct.
Huh?
You think you have any other talent?
And by the way, the people calling up with their wonderful name.
Yeah.
Yes.
They don't want to go on the air and talk to you.
They're just going to call and tell me if they get a free doubt on.
And one of those two for your holidays.
There you go.
There's a free from WQM for the holidays.
21 before 11 at 5 60 WQM.
That's for you.
Bye.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
I'm out.
Stop.
C'mon, Cam.
Can you see it investigators?
Really.
You're ridiculous.
Really, baby.
Dad.
Wood Pentano,
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
five sixty and five five sixty you know it's it's really amazing to me and very
disturbing that the people in Orlando of all the parts of the state the radio
group is there those are the ones when they call us they want to talk to us
about boring Bob Lasseter about people that nobody ever heard of in this market
and nobody cares about that that seems to be like an obsession with those
poor but I can understand that because they have nothing even even closely
resembling real radio or shouldn't say that up there in Orlando it's a mythical
it fits in with a whole business issue thing you know fantasy land but
there are almost 90% of the time we get a call from up there it's somebody
like this asshole with this Paul Lyle droppings okay how's Paul I'll do him
by the way he's still in Buffalo no here's a pepper pine tello okay sir you
know it's a black name how about rotten you know me people named rotten
rotten like like rotten Charles you mean any living people named
rotten no more no more but how about how about he coon no any he coons like
her coons like that yeah I but no on black names though how many people you know
name Shaquille Shaquille yeah that's a good one I like Shaquille of course you know
there's always Egren and you know Edgeron Edgeron Edgeron you'll be getting
there right there sir Edgeron I think that maybe you think that somebody screwed
up on it like like an opportunity you think that maybe they really meant
Anthony and they just didn't quite get it well I mean they had a hearing problem
just like with Edgeron maybe it was like Edgar you know like it's a big
lip that's what it is it gets in the way yeah exactly a wazake you already
talked about him from the dolphins and then even when you talk about his name a wazake
last name the wazake I came to pronounce the first name I think it's just ZQR
ZQX QLRNX yeah yeah you know I you know I used to know a girl that was up in the
North area she was one of the dark color girls her name was umgazi oh I like that
you know you got to love that you know how was spelled was she was she
kin to John gotty I think so but you know it's spelled yeah you and K a Z Y R X QN
okay have a great uh have a great quanza okay get out here
prince claus untie's latest fashion trend here's my duck story for the day this is great
leave it to those Dutch baby they're the best with a simple tug of a tie a Dutch
prince has touched off a revolution in the Netherlands in a speech opening a show
of African fashion speaking of Africaners prince claus ceremoniously wriggled
free of his Windsor Nod yanked off his navy blue neck tie and constantly rather
inelicantly and ineligently at the feet of his wife queen B tricks a snake around
my neck the 73 year old prince darl to a standing ovation reporting the story
that evening one TV anchor man peeled off his tie in solidarity so did the
sportscaster now one week later clouses of folk hero and open collar has never
been more invoked in the Netherlands the phenomenon already has a name
claus defilia which celebrates the prince for denouncing ties I also suffer
from claus tie phobia uh so I'm shouting for joy at the prince's call for ban on
neck ties is wooter van windon they businessman in the central city of
delft was quoted as saying in mondays devolks throughout newspaper no
piece of clothing combined so little function with so much potential to show bad
taste he said for me a neck tie is like a dog leash both symbolize a limit on
freedom why why else does Nelson Mandela never wear one amen says claus who
proclaimed the South African president the best rest man I know during Wednesday's
fashion show at the royal palace in umstadon that that even a prince could find
a tie a royal pain is resonated cross Holland where nickwear remains the
standard in business but is no less load the neck tie as a nemesis has internet
chat rooms a buzz over claus in his fashion statement which the german board
prince dubbed the declaration of umstadon oh there you go more freedoms than
Amsterdam free from that god damn news around your neck because you know I see a guy
with a neck tie on you know the first thing I think he's an asshole that's
what I think here's a mobile in Miami hello
you know yes sir these black parents they're trying to make a statement or something
and what is that what is the statement uh... bad uh... i don't know the black is
beautiful or whatever but but anyways they make it beautiful because your name is
uh... to to wana what is it uh... so so anyways they they named her kid Tamika now
all through her life she has a solid application that she sent in everything
and it's somebody just a hand of the prejudice and that's what i want to write
yeah and i i i don't just like tanny i mean tanny's pretty simple but wrong with
tanny well good enough for the rentals
the week uh... washington so so anyway you know i've always thought of this and you're
the first person to talk about the life and and thank god for me thank god for
you and also to win with um... Clinton uh... most of the evidence gathered against him
is it really uh... not never thought so what kind of statement is that but you're
uh... now you're nitpicking your uh... starting too many facts we don't have a
great thought i don't confuse us with the fact and you'll notice there was no
investigation all the it was taken a star and take his report and have him come
on the red pair at the same crap over and over again and then they had a bunch of
legal scholars and half of them said one thing and half of the other thing and
there was no investigation of anything oh yeah well it was perjury and he did
this and the people and uh... the public says we can't stand it it's like
gildies voice in fact that would be a good that's our poll question for the day
which is more annoying the ongoing impeachment bull crap or gildies voice now
that's a tough choice for me personally no actually no content
gildies voice
seriously he he just he drives me up the wall that child he just he just and
and what it makes it even worse is that a there are people listening to him
believe he belongs on the air and b there are sponsors that he's doing
commercials for he's doing commercials
and as soon as i hear that voice of credibility
oh how's that restaurant doing we got the free meal by the way remember that
place okay here's uh...
what does that say on there
what does that say above where it says mobile i can't uh... oh it just says my
amina whole bunch of places because it was screwed up oh i think like i said
here's my amina whole bunch of places
hi nil yes sir uh... did you read that story this morning about the uh...
murder suicide in white only in the shoes to pitty of the woman that did it
no it was unbelievable this woman is having a fear with the principle across the
street yeah so she decides to kill her husband so she wants to make it look
like an intruder did it so she goes and she ties up her kids with the scheme
they have gone the two young kids and she disguises her voice then she goes in
she shoots her husband twice flips his throat stabs him in the heart
that side and they end up here and they end up chance of killing yourself two
days later because when the cops came in both the kids that
thought that was mommy and she was playing a game uh...
that's how they got i mean that stupidest thing i've ever heard my life
yeah evidently not a real good disguise okay thanks for the good news sir nice
going to be right
one more please yourself
we have an open line in date there's a lot of sick people out there i don't want
to tell you that boy i've driving home from the track last night after a
traumatic night at pompino park
and i'm driving out there i that's got to be one of the most irresponsible
bunch of people the people driving west unsunnerized bullivared at late at night
people driving east ain't doing to believe there but the people driving west to
think that they're driving off-farking the Wyoming or somewhere you know into
the uh... wide open spaces
hey i hate to break the news do you know but when i'm not impressed with your
ultimate with your souped up engine it okay but if you want to go 90 miles an
hour on sunrise bullivare with a speed limit is 40 b my guess just get
out of the way for me okay that's number one
i mean i'm talking about seeing people doing things that and it just goes through
my mind as i see them doing anti-social
they are doing things in their cars their behavior they're like racing you
they're going like can you go a hundred yes i can go a hundred and fifty five in
my court that i don't want to go a hundred and fifty five on sunrise bullivared
okay
they're just doing things like they're in the stone out of their minds they're
just crazy all of the above
and we got people walking around named a kishan and there's going to be people
saying well what we're on with that use some kind of a big it is that the problem
uh... yeah i just i don't like that name i'm bigoted against certain names
like uh... Nelson for example at the terrible name
so horrendous name there's certain names that are good names like you know
common dick and here in shallie one bill bill bill is good like buffalo bill is
very good it puts the lotion in the basket exactly i couldn't say the better
myself oh by the way speaking of this i want to tell you what a bunch of
nerds because see here it isn't we've been here almost exactly here do you
realize it's almost time for our one year anniversary here on wqa m
that's going to be a party to put an end to all parties baby we'll spend all day
on the party on december 30th yeah two weeks it'll be one year we've been on
and there's still a whole bunch of these punks over there in the other building
that i've never seen it or met or quite frankly don't care some of those five
year-old sports nerds and the rumor has it i don't want to say that joca
still told us but rumor has it that some of those two-year-old sports nerds
over there think that that bit with the buffalo bill thing and it puts the
lotion in the basket which every time i play a george and i fall on the floor and
p and the floor in our pants they think that it's not funny that it's what
was the word creepy creepy creepy rhymes with peepee okay
boy i'm telling you some of those kids over there where did they find these
losers these silly people with a bad bad voices that's one thing they
share in common boy they got bad voices they mean the real nice kids
although i have my doubts but boy talk about bad voices and one
dimensional one dimensional and if i have to hear any more jimmy jonsense
press conference i know we couldn't get hang on yesterday one of those rare
two-way impeccable problems from a shoelace right off the bed so instead they
want to play in jimmy johnson's press conference for about four and a half
hours there till hang could that we get it on the year and then like
chemitites later after hang does this for segment we would have commercial
break and here's the sports update and what do they play
more of the same crap from jimmy johnson's press conference oh my god
it was it was creepy is what it was 10 56 and 5 60 WQN
he or rangers got okay start taking from notes
come on everybody don't look here man we don't have to play again
we be flipping through the rye
any panic be hoony no what you told me that you think the fuck it's so good
i don't want to get it on the
fuck some skills to make it right
check out what i'm digging
what you told me that you have it down and old time
show up
Jesus
Jesus
Jesus
Jesus
let me do hold it
hold it
hold it
hold it
don't
have to be
do that
who's that
hold
hold it
hold it
hold it
hold it
hold it
hold it
hold it
now try to look at fuck
fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck Fuck
he or rangers
he or rangers
i just came up with a great idea by the way all you people have named your kids
horrendous grotesque names that they'll never be able to pronounce that people will laugh their asses off it in the rest of their lives
Instead of giving like candy instead of giving some stupid toy as a holiday gift get a big holiday card
And inside that card when the little kid opens it up this year at Christmas or Chanooka time
They open it up and there's a brand new birth certificate
Oh the real name on it. Oh, that's right. You're no longer amperney. You're like Tony
How do you like that? All right. Yeah, you're no longer a T. Bonica. You're a Sally
What do you say? All right? There's a great gift you could give
I'm gonna tell you parents that name their kids horrendous grotesque names like moon units
Apa and any other things like that. Of course, there's you know too much drugs with the problem there
We understand that at least those are funny. No, they were not. Yeah, they're funny if there's somebody else's name
Yeah, exactly if they're your name, they're not so goddamn funny, mr.
Okay, and how about moon units brother?
Yeah unit
Do we yet do easel? I?
Think I once worked with him. I think under the name of Steve nickel
We have an open line of date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T line
Sam and Chris are on their way to not saying who's they but the Coral Springs and we'll let you know the location with the best of meal stuff
I'm sure like to get some I don't want to start pitching again
I'd like to get some stuff from Carol from a center one so we can really you know what I'm saying
I'm really trying to get that thing up to 100 grand and I know we can smell it now
Do you ever get close to something really good? You're so close you could smell it. You could almost reach out and touch it
And we got that appearance that the board isn't planned in sunrise
I keep calling it plantation, but on that side of the street. I guess it's sunrise. Whatever hell it is
You know where it is on sunrise boulevard Saturday noon to two
So by the end of that thing on Saturday
We it should be a piece of cake like falling out of bed in the morning
Do you have 90 grand with two weeks to go? We'll make that 100 grand easy
But we just need to keep pumping away and pumping away and if anybody can do that Sam and Chris
They're the guys to keep doing it. Here's a pepper pine. Hello
These blacks are so fed up with the white man. That's why they name Kishon. Is it really?
Entremole, the hero and Chick-queal
Chick-queal
Yeah, whatever the hell they name their damn kids. Yeah, and that's the problem
They hate the white man basically
Okay, thank you. Thank you very much. Okay. There you go. There's the answer for the hate the white man
So we don't want no honky names no more. We've got to have our own names
Like Isidore is there any man? No, any black guys name is it or no?
I mean, you know, there are names that tend to be like David David is sometimes it's a Jewish name sometimes it's a
Goyce name, but it's a very Jewish name
Michael Michael can be a Jewish name can be an Italian name
There's some Goyam name Michael, but it's a very Jewish name. There are names that are like Tom
They're not too many Jews name Tom Ed. There was Eddie Fisher
There may be a couple of Ed's who are Jewish Ed is a pretty Goyish name, etc. Okay?
But their names that like are not difficult to spell
It's not difficult, you know to know what to call somebody
I mean, it's got to be a pin and ass you start going to school and your name is like T. Winico
Okay, what do we call you? Huh?
His name is Keishon. What do we call him? He's an asshole. Okay, that's easy, no
We have an open line in the dead county five six seven oh five sixty and pound five six the only AT&T
How about and let me say one other great thing about Ruth's christ daycows by the way since it's one of our fine sponsors and since I we just ate there on Thursday
And since it is so outstanding
one of the things that I love is a great restaurant where you don't have to dress up
I don't like I'm not one of those people that's into a putting on a tie and a big in case you haven't noticed
I'm like not that doesn't it doesn't impress me. It's uncomfortable
It doesn't add anything to the ambiancey the occasion in fact going into a great restaurant
Like for example in Vegas you can go into the fanciest restaurants in Vegas and never have to dress up because it's a tourist
joint they don't want to force you to they'll take your money. Thank you
You can go into the Rosewood Grill which is very expensive and very fancieese
And the dress like a slob they don't care
Even Norma Kent came in there in eight on my tab of course one time a few years ago
Dressed like I mean talk about dressed like a slob
I mean so slob only that even I was embarrassed and that takes a lot
Did they have any problem with this? No, I don't care less. Okay. We'll take your credit card. Please and there you go
They don't care. That's what I love about with Chris you can go in there dressed up all right like
And we can just go in there dressed like a real slob. I don't like restaurants where they have that you know
Jackets and ties required for men and like evening gallons for ladies or whatever
I don't like that. It's pretentious. It's horsecraft and if I'm gonna spend my money
In your joints. How dare you tell me how I have to come dressed
You know, I want to keep the riff rath out, you know. Oh, yeah, right. You very
If I want to come into it listen, I want to tell you something
What the hell's the name of that goddamn seafood restaurant in Boston
We were eating a couple years ago at this very oh in fact that we're gonna get one out there by by me by the sawgrass
It's a chain what the hell's the name of that very very legal seafood. It's called
It's a great seafood joint. They got the you know the really great New England childhood
We were eating in Boston one time downtown in legal seafood
And there was a guy in there who looked like they had just scraped him from the bottom of a dumpster
sitting in the corner
And this guy is ordering and ordering I mean he had the money to pay for it obviously
But you talk about dressed. I mean this guy. He might he maybe he wasn't a burlap set now that I think about it
But he had the money and he was paying for it and they're just eating and eating up a storm
Did anybody care? No, he didn't smell too bad
He wasn't cutting too much cheese so who cared
I'm like I started to say before I was so rudely interrupted if I'm gonna pay you to come in and eat your food
How you have the audacity to tell me how I got address
I gotta put on a goddamn necktie to come in and sit down and feel like I'm gagging and choking while I'm supposed to be sitting here enjoying a meal
Please don't insult my intelligence by unless you're you know one of those snooty people with your nose way up in there
That's too good for the rest of us. You're really enjoying your dining experience to one of those joints
Where you have to have a suit in the top and you feel like you're in a goddamn zoo to lucky read a straight jacket
How can you enjoy a good meal and being a real pig when you're sitting there with a straight jacket and your mobility is limited
Got it
So there's the two things we learned already today and it's not even new yet
Don't name your kids a bunch of stupid jackass names and don't be telling me what to wear in your restaurant
Got it. Oh good
Eight minutes after 11 at 5.50 WQM. They're smoking it out in the Everglades
This is Debbie. Hi, Debbie. I'm interested in getting some operations done
Okay, and some body contouring and some liposuction
And I was wondering if it's some tummy talk and lip augmentation cosmetic compressive acid really face gift all of these things
You're wondering what you like to start with
Well, I need to get everything done probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my
My thing okay, we don't do that. No could you do breast implants though?
It can't be done
The lotion in the basket
How much?
Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurface too
laser surgery
Uh-huh. Have the lens stop crying yet mommy. Hey, excuse me
Don't hurt mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first and then I'm looking actually we can tell you that when we see you
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts mommy?
If you'd like to it puts the lotion in the basket
Would you like to make an appointment? Yes. Okay, um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine
Okay
Okay, um
My name is Buffalo Bill. Okay, let me get a little information from you. Okay
It's what's the lotion in the basket. I understand it what's the lotion in the basket
Do you want to come in for a consultation?
What's the lotion in the basket?
Okay
Would you like to make an appointment? Or do you want to call me back or what's the lotion in the basket? I understand I got my skin suit and it's like
Bill it puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that what you like it puts the lotion in the basket
Would you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay, I will talk to you in a time. Okay, it puts the lotion in the basket
No
Yeah, pretty creepy if you ask me I'm gonna tell you some of those kids over there in another building
They don't really help, you know, they need to ask assistance. Oh
Anybody who has seen a movie and doesn't just pee in their pants when they hear that maybe maybe after the first six thousand times
It might lose some of its impact. I don't think so
And if you haven't seen the movie what's out you waiting for for Christchurch
Tony Hopkins has he never made more than one or two decent movies in his whole goddamn life
And that was one of the good ones. You better go out and rent it. Okay? Oh
We have an open line of date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT
NT wireless lines here is the deer field hello
Dear field
Hello, yes, sir
Yeah, I've got one down these crazy names. Yeah, I was in the hospital with my wife where you're
I love children seven several years ago. I overheard these two black women talking about they're gonna name their daughter
In the one woman said well she was giving birth she heard the most beautiful name
And that's what she decided to name her daughter and the name was placenta. Mm-hmm lovely
And that nice how you be doing placenta
I like it. It's got a nice ring to it. There you go. Thanks for the good news pal placenta
We have an open line and date one and broward five six seven how you be doing embryo
Hey, and
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line Hank will be at the sporting bruise at two o'clock today
Hopefully we'll get that on the ears so we don't have to hear Jimmy Johnson's press conference again for half an hour
And then it's thanks. We got the booster. We got Eddie Kay and the compulsive neurotic GA gambling show ten o'clock tonight
Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello
Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi, Neil
Um, you know, I'm a black woman and my my husband is a white male and we've been contemplating a couple of names for the first son
Little boy we're having now. Keisha. No, no, no, not actually
No, no, not actually not so on or anything like that. I would like to name a Reese. What do you think about that? What is it?
Reese? Reese?
Reese
R-E-E-S-E is it Reese? No, not as in the Reese's piece. It's like Reese like maybe
R-H-Y-S. I thought I spelled one R-H-Y-S?
Right. Yeah, exactly. It was pronounced Reese. It was like an old English kind of name. Mm-hmm. That's not too bad. That's not too bad
Yeah, that's not too bad. Let's talk about that. I have some things that we might be couldn't even James
But that's a very common. I mean, you know, I don't know
But I want to ask you a question though
What why is it you think that these names are I mean personally I also think these names are very outland
If you see Sean and D-Sean and Tim Wanika and all these other kind of things. D-Sean. Yeah, I like that
Yeah, I mean that I wasn't I personally would never name my kid something like that
But what I'd like to know is why why is it that they should name their kids that why is it so normal to name it like something like James
Or Alex are they just to their angle names? That would just say any well
It's like it's like with the like a with a pet. I mean not everybody can name their dogs Skippy or
You know tiny or whatever the dog might be but but I think when you start naming your pet like you know
Bizarre weird strange
You know, I think people start looking at you like you need some assistance
I think
In addition, which like I said before your pet and don't have to worry about it because your pets and dumb
Whatever it is but your kid has delivered it for the rest of his or her life
That I agree with I agree with that for that one simple reason
I think that you shouldn't name your kids these while that landed things because
To be honest with you, I need someone another name is something like you know Tim Wanika or something
I can't even pronounce reddamel and spell
I have to wonder but I mean I think you know people might tend to think that it's like a racist view that you're taking when you say that
Well, you know, they're crazy name and I don't think that you're saying
I just but where does it come from? Where do these names? Where did this all start?
Like like I said before most black people used to have the same names in this country as white people
You know like Tom and Joe and Jim and
Mary and whatever and now all of a sudden I'm actually in the son uncle Tom that was bad
But now all of a sudden it became like a fad and somebody convinced black people like if you don't name your kids
All these bizarre weird names you just ain't happening man
Well personally, I think they're making them up. I have to be honest with you. They're not asking names. I mean and and for me
A n f v r and e e and for me. How do you mean?
I don't know what they got that from my name is Brick and that is a very that's not a common name, but it's not
What is it again? It's a bridge bridge guys would yeah, you know, and I mean it's
It's a nice name, but I get I used to get piece by a piece about it
He's confusing about that name. Why is that white people did and because they know no one knows my god of everyone
Is it Maria or Mary or you know, Cindy or you know very common boy? Very boring. Yeah, no, I mean you can't win either way when you think about it
Well, how about if you were the person formerly known as
Have a great day
Bye, bye
The person formerly known as T. Waneca
Now known as Mary
Hey, if it was good enough for the Virgin Mary. It's good enough for you. Okay, mister. I mean the man
We have an open line in day five six seven oh five. Yeah, that's gonna be the next thing men with women's names and women with men's names
There you go. Yeah, how do you like that?
Was good enough for Ann Bishop
Yeah, her name could have been like in fact
We're not even something if she would have been Dwight Lauderdale
And he could have been Ann or that guy's Jimmy Sifilis could have been Ann
Huh? I guarantee that in fact, maybe instead of firing all those people at channel four you guys out of try that
How about Brian more cross hey, he could be Ann Roberts and she could be Brian
Huh
And they could both like exchange garb as well he could dress up like a lot although she don't dress that good anyway
She you know, she may she may be very nice person, okay, but she's boring Ann Robert. She brings nothing to the table
She brings she doesn't bring appearance. She doesn't bring credibility
She brings nothing and Cam Braille
He's the guy that's gonna be sacked because he's got the big lips. They probably did focus studies
Okay, and they asked leading they did leading questions. You see you were talking about that the other day about the way they ask these polls
I didn't see 60 minutes. I was on a plane
But evidently they did a they had a segment on about how they do the polling and they ask questions in such a leading way as guarantee to get a certain answer
Yeah, they serve it for buzzwords right right exactly
So you know, they probably asked a whole bunch of people well to those big
You know Afro-Colonel lips that Cam Braille have to those kind of bother you are they a little bit out of the ordinary and people say
Maybe now that you mentioned it and they said okay, you're out Cam Braille
Even though you were a good guy and you ever stole a freight train and people are kind of gotten used to you like the furniture
They got a lot worse problems over there like the Jim Berry now. There's a guy
I almost put him in the same category with Geldy. That's how annoying he is
Although
See he goes out of his way to do it. Geldy. Geldy. That's just him. He's just an annoying little put and I'm sucking
Quit but Jim Berry he goes out of his way he puts on a whole routine and act and a shuffle to be annoying
Talk about stereotypes
Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello
Okay, sir. I got a quick comment and then I got to answer to your question. Yes
Comment is I'm sick of these people with the on the news with these made-up names like beach racing
Cinematic and all that crap. Yes, cinnamon sofa. What what's that kind of a name is it sounds like something you find in a freezer department at publics
Yeah, three taught it and also
This channel said about these news places wanted to like get their ratings up
Like somebody like walricks and says with all the news which is working and like beat the living crap out of them
Yeah, you get a 90 sure we get promoted a week ahead. Yeah, yeah, I would like read that I watch channel seven every day
I would too. I would tap it and watch it every morning being a good mood all day
24 hours a day then my answer
Is the way that these people get their names like all the crazy names? Yeah
All they do is like the mother
Like she sleeps probably a thousand guys. Yeah, she's not sure who the mother is of the baby
She just takes the first initial of every guy she's left to jump with it together and it is the name
So I think that's probably where Anne from it came from excellent. Okay, good job, sir
So she's not sure who the mother is that's interesting. I thought he was gonna say he's not sure
Okay, we have an open line at brown at five six seven oh five 60 and pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line
I mean what is in the name anyway?
There's one thing I can't stand it's phony made up names, you know like neo-rodgers stupid names like that can't stand them
Here's my me legs. Hello
Dr. Neal. Yes, sir. How are you sir? Great. Uh, you know, I have a quick question. Neal and I you know again
I'd like to hear from your religious fanatic audience there
Why is it that the flaming racist bigoted people? Why are they so?
Yeah, why is it that they're so interreligion? What are they always called the Bible?
What do you mean by that? Well, I mean, I just I've come to learn a lot of what else are they're gonna quote Norman Vincent Piel
I mean, that's that's what they used to justify all their superstitions. I mean what a coincidence
I mean, you know, you know, they're always all the Bible is pure white Bible that and
It's confusing people let our superstitious and tell you don't let a black cat walk in your path and they'll walk under a letter
The same people start quoting from you know, Vincent Price
Stuff like that. Oh
See there you go and have a great day
We have an open-line update five six seven oh five sixty. It's like people are over obsessed with sports
Those are the people I give you a song in advance about the Jimmy said this and did that and Baba Vipa
And that's all I'm talking about when we're around the clock morning and the night
The good news is dog got very good news for people to get in charge of all the crap
Including that Edgar rent to rea but what's for Joe Angel gonna do now?
He's losing all of his favorite names rent to rea then she just hate the way he used to say that oh god
That's fake see it gave you an opportunity to stage more that thickness that he does
Which I don't want to get into that again because he's he's okay. They both Brian is great by the way
Julangel could be great, but I've said that 50 million times already and he still won't change
He still wants to do fake like a fake orgasm. It just doesn't have the same impact
But nevertheless no more Edgar rent to rea
So not only if we got that stuff
So we're gonna have a lot more disillusioned people go even though John Henry bought the team
You're still gonna get screw and they're still trying to save money no matter what they've done brosky tells you tomorrow no matter how much
sucking around gelbie does
Big article in the paper today underneath the one that says cats no trade dominant
Panthers nobody's gonna make no trade with Brian Murray
Even Mike Smith at Toronto was anxious as he is and has hated as he despised all around the league
They don't want to make no trade with Brian Murray, okay
Because they know he's the spokesman for our something anyway
NHL teams. They're losing money big article here today
Penguin's of course, we know are like an a virgin bankruptcy in fact they are in chapter as some chapter
And they hit a bar of 20 million dollars from a french bank and the LA Kings have lost 15
They're gonna lose 15 million this year the Vancouver conucks claimed to have lost 24 million the past two years
They're watching caps lost 16 million last year and will lose 20 million this season in spite of that big new arena
I thought the new arenas were supposed to solve all that problem wasn't that the deal yeah
Still the centaurina will make a lot of money and they're still losing the race
Mighty ducks general manager Pierre gochie said his club will lose lots of money for the first time in its history this effing year. How do you like that? Oh
And it goes on and on Bruins general manager cheap skate hairy sendin says clubs pay NHL clubs pay 72% of their revenues to the players
The NBA which has greater TV and merchandising income last season played 57% of its revenues to players and considered that high enough to initiate a lockout
In other words, they got real source because they're tied up with this collective bargaining deal
The NHL till the year 2004 and many of these teams are losing their rectum. How do you like that?
So they can be paying Kevin Brown 15 million a year and at fat ash vovon
14 13 million and Mike pizza head 13. I know something
It's all come crumbling down like a big deck of hook cards and people are finally saying guess what it wasn't so important after all
Do we really care all that much? No scrum pack them a goddamn stale salami say we give them a guia berra and a stale
Maybe a nojay and send it back where they came from that's that's what I say
And then in fact, that's what we're gonna be doing on our pool tomorrow
We're gonna find out what kind of a format you think we got a heavier on Q a month
We'll get rid of all the stupid sports crap and it all goes out of business in a few months
Huh? Yeah, in fact this now make now I'm beginning to understand why when you're starting the first of the year in mornings on a station
What no, I'm beginning to understand they're thinking they see the head writing on the wall
They know that all of the sports crap is it's a dissolving right before our eyes. It'll all be done
And so as a result we have to look good to the future baby the future the sports is in the past the future is something else like in
Uga Buga
26 after 11 to 5 60 WQA and
Chocolate can't keep it's packer in his hand the following is a paid public service announcement from the International Ripe Association
Let's face most of us will never be rich hell. We probably won't even be successful
And that's pretty damn depressing
But as usual with every problem there is a solution
Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about hand guns
They scared their s*** out of people intimidate them and then giving you whatever you want
That's right hand guns think about it need some cash rob a bank don't have enough money for beer or the convenience
Take chips and pretzel's wire and it's all free if you've got a handgun
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend kill him the simple solution a life complex problem
All I have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner
Well, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares?
Buy the dancing of the street just buy a lot of handgun
The great alternative the working problems out and get be considered a population control
Yes handgun they just might make your thing
Love it's really one at five sixty WQM. I'm sure that the stan and chris are somewhere right now in the QA
I'm fairing to try to raise a lot more money today for center one
I'm sure they must be somewhere like a one-korel springs in corals springs and as soon as we find out where I'll be happy to tell you
You know, I'm going to be a little bit disappointed in this crowd
You know and by the way a special thanks to jolton jodamagio
He's the one that instructed the doctors his agent that old far a foggy morris anglberg to cut the crap already
Okay, enough of the updates is what he said enough of the frickin update. That's right enough of that too
And so we've been spared for the last day and a half now any more news about his
Power movements it about that he take a breath that enough
We don't let us know what's going on when it's over if you know what I mean catch my drift like with Norman fell
But we haven't had one call here today from anybody about a camberal Martian the guy is a good guy
From what they tell me never stole a freight train did a lot of work for charity and a lot of our for kids charities
Especially big brothers big sisters little brothers little sisters big lips. What are small lips?
And he's gonna be blown out over there like he's one of the scapegoats
I'm sure there'll be plenty others follows
So don't slam the door too hard on a way out camberal because there'll be a long line on a way out
And they don't care see that this is one stand about it see sometimes
In the moment of weakness. I'll take it personally and then I realize that it's it's not me
It's at least they're consistent. They don't care about anybody
They don't have passion for anything here
It's like that thing the other day with the uh the business about the hockey fan
They don't care they leave whenever they're good and ready they leave don't confuse them with what the score is because they're not paid too much attention anyway
It's a social event and just in case a miracle might occur like three years ago
And the team gets lucky or gets a couple of more real players on the team which I doubt
But you know in case they became competitive and suddenly got a lucky hot streak for a couple of months
Then they leave the option open of jumping on a badwagon get those banners out and putting them under car windows
Hey, we love you pass. There's see more fans
There's no passion there. There's about as much passion as uh, you know tilting sideways in your chair and
Sneaking a little apart. That's all that's the amount of passion that's involved
Which is very unfortunate believe they're consistent. They don't give a crap about cambrill
Which is probably why the ratings were so goddamn low and maybe they're happy he's going
Maybe they're happy that he's getting can't i'm not happy
I was just getting used to him. I would and you know something
I've been watching him so long now
I don't even notice the lips anymore in the beginning when they made him from sports into a news anchor
They took that magic wand like they did with Tony cigarette. Oh, oh pull if you're enough
I did it with a little bright noracross that little twit
That little egotistical arrogant twit. Well, I'm not doing the weather anymore. I'll see. Let me be a news anchor
Part of the time. I'll be a news anchor part of the time. I'll be a weather guy and the rest of time. I'll just be a weather fairy
Okay, Brian. Whatever you say just calm down. Okay
Here's a bokeh. Hello. Hey the overwire. Yes, sir
Getting back to all the other black names. There's somebody who I work with and that was one of the questions that happened to have
asked about two weeks ago. Yeah, the reason why what is your name Latoya?
I actually closed it's like
Sequoia something
The other reason is that they can offer their kids too much
But the one thing that they can offer them is a exotic name
And that's the reason you do what does that mean? I don't mean they can't offer their kids too much
What does that mean? I have no idea. Okay. Thank you
Okay, we we're living in poverty. We're in the ghetto
But we we're gonna give you a real fancy name so everybody can make fun of you at school
Huh, I don't get it that key Sean of all the names of all the goofy names even the ones that are spelled like hzkq
Even though that key Sean there's something about it
Maybe because he's you know a prominent player and a pretty damn good one too by the way even though it does play for the untruth
But Keeshawn is there just something about it that has the sound of a literacy attached to it isn't there? Hey Keeshawn
What what kind of a name is that?
Keeshawn
Now Shaqiala is bad enough. Okay, but at least you can say I've been having a shack attack
You know there's things that rhyme with it. Is there anything that rhymes with Keeshawn? No, it's in doc. How about dog on Keeshawn?
There you go that dog on Keeshawn burn us again god dang it
Keeshawn it just oh I get the creeps I get the willies I don't know if I feel uncomfortable even saying it
Thinking it I even get like a little bit nervous but saying it
Here's Margate hello
Hey, no, yes, sir. I got a real pet theme of these malls forget about these names
I know what it is about these malls that seems like every year you go through for Christmas season
Uh-huh
I
The people that walk erect
You can't see any erections in those places, but you're hanging out in the wrong joint. Okay. We'll give you some addresses
We have an open line in Broward to and day nobody cares about Cambrill before I leave here at two o'clock today
That's my goal. I want to hear somebody say something nice about Cambrill Martian god damn it the holiday season
If you can't if you can't think of something nice to say about Cambrill make something up
Make something up even if you don't know who that was who it is who would be just make something up and say well
He was an okay guy
Boy you people are a bunch of tight-ass his man you really are very ungiving
So what's the story with our boys out there where you find out where the hell they are it's Chris
It's just Chris and the new
Promotions guy. He's name is Keesney. Yeah, we don't care about the names. Okay. I mean there's everybody's trying to find an appropriate corner
Jesus like you know by the time he gets going this is part of the problem
We appreciate the help this is great
But there's such slow starters with this crap by the time they get to wherever we're going to show us half over
And we cut down the limited demand you know amount of time people have to get there people are busy
They're shopping or schlepping. They're working. They do whatever they're supposed to be doing. They're pretending to have a life
And by the time they ever finger it out or get their finger out of each other's record. No, the show's half over already
It's almost noon already if we heard from Carol at center one. Oh, I'm trying to be like the pied piper here
I'm trying like to get this you know, and we had some real serious momentum going here
We got like right right up to 86 grand there plus so whatever else came in at those seven borders
We might actually be up to a close to 90 grand by now for all I know or not as the case may be that internet thing the arigis.com
How's that doing
We got like I said about 250 bucks in the mail this morning, which isn't exactly a flood
It's not exactly like those 50 billion letters out there that want to win that pickup truck from that tailgate contest
We got going
But at least it's something and we thank you profusely by the way and yes, I will be at the hockey game tomorrow night for the Pittsburgh game
And by the way fat ass Michael Russo wouldn't surprise me if stew barn plays in that game along with Marty Strocka for Pittsburgh tomorrow night
You better hope they sure don't do too much. Okay, after that idiotic will stew
But with Chris Wells be playing for the Panthers. No, I don't think so last time I checked
Here's Coral Springs hello. Yeah, this is oral spring. Neil. How do I get? Okay great show today
Listen at borders it's a 700 university drive and Coral Springs right on the corner of Atlantic Boulevard. Yeah, I miss it
And that's the address. I think that's what you guys wanted when you let me know when you guys gonna be
What do you mean? No, they're not going to borders
Why should they pick the van to borders when the CDs are already there? If people want to go to the borders
They can you I mean we're trying to go to a location where other people might be you see what I'm saying
Okay, like a gas station in the major intersection
Okay, well, I'm gonna go pick that CD up over there that borders and that
That um, I guess maybe it's a Muslim name I'm the too short. Well, I'll be more they call them Machmuda Abdul Raouf
Yeah, I like that Machmuda
I feel it's a machmuda. Hey, I have a great day his brother by the way is named Mach Nell
Okay 21 before noon at 560. We have an open line in Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Norman fellers that is anybody care about that? No, anybody know who he was. No, he was in the graduate
He was in at what what was the sitcom? He was on three-escalogy. I hated that
Oh, I hate all those shows
Even good times. Oh, sorry Esther. We love best of roll, but we hated good times probably because of that damn JJ
Boy he was just and impediment to my life
21 before noon at 560 WQM
Last year Jody Foster portrayed a young woman determined to see justice done in the accused
All right talk which one of you get it this year she won critical acclaim for her portrayal of an F.D. I agent
I'm a pretty little vicious killer in the sidelines of the lands
Was it all of you? Why won't you answer me now Jody Foster combines her two greatest roles into one blockbuster movie
Dan I'm why won't you talk to her name try star pictures presents but silence of the accused land
Guard get them out of here. They won't talk too late you head your chance
Assignments of the accused land a tale of murder and a mutton
16 till known at 560 WQM poor Jody Foster. You know what she had that baby and we still can't find out how it happened
Maybe it's the virgin Jody you ever stop and think about that uh huh
No, seriously that there's never been any discussion about whether she was artificially inseminated
Which were positive she was by the way and but but there's no discussion about that because in America today
It doesn't really make no difference in T because if you're in Hollywood or if you're a jock
You have a bunch of babies by a bunch of different people by a bunch of different methods and uh then that way nobody's responsible
Anything's don't quite work out you put the baby in like a peach oven
Or you dump it down the toilet at the you're senior prom or something like that and then we go on with life and have a good time
Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes
I know what my favorite part of that movie was
I've silenced the lamp and the previous
No, forget about that, but okay
She's sitting there at the end he hangs up for like three minutes and she's in there doctor
Dr. Lecdor yeah, right you know and there's like a dial tone and a reorder and everything
uh
Usually when you hear the dial tone you don't keep speaking to it, but poor Jody she's confused in many ways
It was embarrassing the other thing that that's that's that you're playing
It was the lotion and the basket. Yeah, you mean that one?
Yeah, I'm gonna try to do this without cracking up, but about it puts the he cool in the casket
Oh boy. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. That's buddy mcay doing a little bit of that southern a bump in humor
These are kind of chuckle
We have an open line. Yeah, that's right. That's why you'd be very careful the paul bears is a funeral because if you drop it
It puts too much motion in the casket
We have an open line of day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the estate
At least there are things like a biscuit a task it. I'll see in your casket stuff like that
But kishon there ain't nothing that rhymes with kishon
Except uh get long gone and dog gone and stuff like that
So let me ask you here's a mobile in pember pine. Hello
Hey, let me ask you something now
What's scary what scares you white people so much that black man have to name their kids if they name them
Then what you name your kid Tommy or David or something else like that. How much in brown?
How much in brown? We don't name maybe
Oh Jay. We don't name our pizogia. We'll say that white sags like you. Yeah
Coming down on everybody because they're different. What's your name?
What is your what is your name? My name is Davis. What is it?
Davis
Davis
How you be spelling that?
The i s
Davis
Yes, what kind of a name is that?
Travis without the art. It's a proud black name. Is that like any? We don't need crackers like you
I could own our names. Yeah
Okay, and have a happy holiday too by the way
Okay, that'd be Davis by the way just in case you didn't get it
Hey, how you doing Tayy and how do you what do you what do you become? What what is it?
See, I always wonder what do you call people like that? He's an asshole. I mean that we know that
But I mean just what hey, Tayy how you doing, Tayy? What?
See black people all over the world got along for a long long time for about the last 25 trillion years
We're just like names, you know like Edgar and like Edgar rent the way to the white man names
Edgar Alan Small
Well, I see that's right. I forgot about that. Those are slave names
Like John David Crowe. Okay, where we going? Here's a pompano. Hello
Hey Uncle male. Yes, sir. I knew Kim bro when he was up in Connecticut
He used to be on a CBS station channel three up in Hartford years and years ago. Yeah, no bad guy
He's not a bad guy and you're absolutely right about that Ann Roberts
A friend of mine. He adds absolutely nothing to that newscast. She's just yeah
She is as wooden and sterile as the inside of an oxygen tent
Yeah, I mean I knew somebody that was on the weather staff over there that just left a few months ago to Denver one of the he was like the third
Weather guy any move to an ABC or something weather for yeah, no, no he wasn't a weather fair
But I say assistant to the weather for oh, okay
Television down here in general just like radio is terrible awful
Absolutely if it's in just perfectly it's bush leaks and the amazing part of this there's so much money involved there and
It's no bush league. I
Beyond me now can bro used to do sports in Connecticut. What the heck Tony's the Greta
Now all the guys they started a sport and they started a sports readers and then they become newsreads
Steve Alvarez same thing and then they put these weather people like the most devalver as he on ten right?
I don't watch ten okay, but then there's been some weather people like Theresa Martietta and the girl
I channel ten so yes, I
You know
People that were doing the weather that now they've got them doing news I
What's the story with this Maryland Mitchell with the cat eyes? What about okay?
All right, the name is that Mitchell I can't I can't watch her at all cat eyes. I cannot watch her
I find myself watching see is one of the most gruesome grotesque caricatures of a human being
I've ever seen in my life and she's on the news on there and now well
I wonder Rick Sanchez has always laughing and squeezing somebody under the desk
I find myself watching CNN and headline news more often than not now there was the girl that was on channel seven down here
I went by the name cinnamon stopher right now. She's on headline news and the more she's doing very well
Now she's going by her middle name, which is we saw or whatever all of a sudden cinnamon ain't cute
So I mean she grew up and you know I'm still for like I said it looks like something you find right next to the set right in the middle of the
Surley baked goods your I'd be alright once one thing about
My house to the lambs when I when I went to see that movie whenever came out nine years eight years ago
Whatever it was my friend says to me we got to go to this movie
I had no idea what it was after the first maybe five or six minutes of the movie. Yeah, not a single person in the theater
Move nobody got up to the lotion in the basket. Yeah, nobody got up for sodas. Nobody got to go to the bathroom
I had no idea what the movie was about. I just sat there and stared at it
I was like that was one of the greatest movies of all time
Well, you're getting a little bit carried away. No, it was good. It was entertaining. Yeah, I mean for I thought that thing you would watch over and over and over and over again
No, no, I mean unless you were studying insects or something like that
Hey, look at my favorite my favorite greatest movie of all time was cost the block. I don't watch that old
Not okay inside out. I thought Casablanque was the greatest wall time a big marshmallow span too
But out of the last 10 15 years final civil amazigh I'd be wanting to pay me to top 10 movies of the last 10 15 years
Have a great holiday. Hey, care. Bye-bye
Well, he liked Casablanque too. He liked those corny, humpy boogard movies
You must remember this so chicken cannot
Okay, we have an open line in power. It's 5 6 7 0 5 60 pot
0 5 60 on it wasn't that funny George
0 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Yeah, I think those kind of things to myself on the shower by the way when there's absolutely nobody else even the dogs are outside
Because I'm not what you call a great zinger key. I'm not you know
But I do sing some very twisted because I have a sick mind and I'm very proud of it
I'm very pleased
That's what's got me to wear am today having a very sick twisted mind and I'm one of the few who admits it and proud of it right
That's why as soon as I hear somebody's name I'm thinking what can you be ramen with that? Okay?
Like simple Simon the Pym and stuff like that, but Keeshawn
Oh, I seriously I get a chill
I get a chill. It's a tight contest forget about the other stuff a gildy or Keeshawn man though. That's a real tough one
In fact, how about Keeshawn Goldstein
That would be good here's Pompano hello
Neil Maister. Yes, sir
Two things first of all I already talked to George for your fact machine is not on our it's not accepted facts
Oh really no one ever came to this stuff from a poor carol over it's then a one's probably faxing away
They're not working today isn't that great just when we need some help in here like everything else is wq way
It doesn't work. It's not be working
All right real quick
It's on it's making all the right things
They work it right
It rings and rings
Was that is your sheep like giving us an editorial comment what that was that?
What was that?
That was unbelievable you hear that wow
Barnyard sounds
y'all
All right, let me throw it throw
Ready I'm gonna get the skin to put I can almost smell it now. Yeah
Yes, go ahead
Oh, yeah, exactly okay
Ha ha ha ha
Okay, we have an open line of day one and broard five six seven oh five fifty and pond five sixty happy holidays folks
All right, this is mori for over. Yeah, yeah happy Hanukkah and
Merry Christmas and happy new year and all that it's already December the 15th and
Chris and Lou by the way I never even gave this information for Christrick and so wrapped up with this
Silence of the Amos business
Chris and Lou and a wqn van there at the Chevron station on the southeast corner of university and world pond and
prestigious coral springs go over there and pick up your best in the LCDs and cassettes and t-shirts and they got a few giveaways
They got maybe some dolphin t-shirts and a few chatskeys to give away in our DNA bumper stickers and whatever else
They got laying around loosen there
Stan is not with them today
He's probably a mess in around with some of the onkers he picked up yesterday at hooters
So he's otherwise occupied today
So you'll have to settle for Chris and Lou
But they're in their university and roll palm on a southeast corner there in the Chevron station go over there and help us raise some serious money in the next couple of hours
Please or else
Here's a coral gable. Hello
Hello Neil. Yes, sir
Uh, you were talking about the names and Norman fell passing yeah, he once played a character called Meyer Meyer
On a TV show called 87th precinct you need to go
I'm set for redundancy. Hi
And uh, I just thought I'd add that in there. Uh-huh
And then on the other thing about uh, aren't you glad that we're not hearing about you to measure your last couple of days?
I feel a lot better about life that we don't have to be brilliant with them
And I'm old enough to have actually seen Joe DiMaggio, but I was at a ballpark to see Hoppe Long Cassidy 1951 William Boyd
That's right. And guess what he's dead to he's dead too. Yeah, who else is dead?
Well, Gabby Hayes Gabby Hayes
Yep
They're all going he was on that show right? I'm the hoppy hoppe long Cassidy. Yep. They was he was a sidekick. He's dead
Yeah, and the horse is dead too. That's right. He's dead too. So it's going around pal. Good point
Okay, we have an open line in day five six seven oh fuck. Oh by the way, did you know that I guess we all knew this
Will Geer was grandpa on the Walten's
Who the hell was that reading that because I read I got this awful book which I thought it was gonna be really good book
About the fags in Hollywood which I read over the weekend on the plane which was I'll think of the name but in a minute
Can't think of the name but but anyway, don't waste your money on the move on the book
Because you know, there's nothing in it. There's no revelations anybody that's still alive. They like uh, you know
They dance all around the edges because they're terrified of getting sued
So there's really no revelation there, but will Geer he was a screamer
Did you know that and I'm trying to think of who it was that was it him and Charles Lawton was that who it might have been
Huh and poor Elsa Lancaster that married big fat Charles Lawton. She couldn't understand why he kept her under my mind with all those boys
Anyway, 1156 if I she was in denial, you know like a lot of people are in denial
But that's the way the world is okay. That's it was good enough for free a packer. It's good enough for them
They spend their entire lives in denial
By the way, how's the richie now is the one four minutes before noon at five sixty wqm
The Neil Roger show now on five sixty wqf Miami fort Lauderdale you go to hell new dad
Oh
Poor kids hanging up together and it holds in their rest
TV don't get better
The chef just like his late tonight. She's he puts the foul
All right
You're gonna see stand full up his guts if Wendy's around
Stand for an entire and they're talking dirt and at least once a week here you turn
Oh
Daddy's dad the right snore at him and then they eat his
Oh
Oh
You want to know what I think
Hello to five sixty wqm happy Tuesday to don't forget handkerchief
From the sporting bruise at two o'clock boosters got four full hours to fill the night
But with that fat body he should be able to do it six to ten and
Ed Kaplan throw all you compulsive gamblers tonight. We'll try to help you find the numbers for GA ten o'clock tonight
So what's the story the facts machine is not working is that it?
It seems like
Hey somebody send a fact
You've heard all the expressions about you know trying to overcome hurdles obstacles in your path
And it seems like I'm a center one thing here this year. It's like every every little thing that you try to do
When you feel like you really start to make some big progress. There's another hurdle placed in our path
You know so we can overcome all these obstacles and make us feel really
A lot better about the whole deal
Oh, I guess Carol could probably call you if she has any more information about the border stores from last week
So we can give like a really updated total which is probably like about 87 88,000 something like that
And how is Chris and Lou doing out there by the way in Coral Springs on the yourself? What is it?
bad
yeah
On the corner of university and rural palm the southeast corner in the chevron station in Coral Springs
There's nobody there nobody's coming by to buy the best of the old stuff up there in Coral Springs
Like I said, they hate me in pepper pines and Coral Springs they hate me like poison
Dismount there's nobody coming by
Yeah, there's the one guy in Coral Springs is
There's the one guy who worked online for but he says there's nobody there. Oh
Hello
No, no, yes sir. I'm the only one here man. Yeah, I'm looking at your guys right now. That's sad
It is very sad. Yeah
There's plenty of people driving by but nobody coming in well
I just got there like a few minutes ago. This we go through this every day
You don't understand that the people in the media neighborhood out there
They weren't just kind of sitting around in their cars waiting for uh sent for Dave this year for uh christmas show up
Yeah, but it's all painted nice and the the names all over it. I mean you can't miss it right
Even Ray Charles could find it okay
Full of your man. Give him some cash in to help us out and thank you so much in advance
So there's the bad news. Okay, there's the one guy he's looking right at the QA and van right now at chris and lu
They're sitting there. They're lonely. They're waiting. They got the best of the old stuff. They got CDs
They got cassettes. They got t-shirts. They got all kinds of crap
And we're waiting for our listeners to come pouring in there from all around that area
Are they pouring in there yet? No you mark my words by 1230 will have at least
20 30 bucks
See we the the first couple of days boy we really got uh snowed by this crowd
We really got a snow job. We thought oh boy
This is gonna be a piece of cake every day no matter what part of time we go into we'll be able to raise you know
800 a grand here 1500 over there 12 no problem
We're instead of waiting for the people to come to us. We'll just go to them is what we're doing
Found out yesterday ain't quite so easy
Here's Miami. Hello, hi Neil. Yes, sir
Yeah, Rocky raisin and I got a couple of email addresses together in case if there's anybody out there in your audience who
Would like to write to the undecided representatives
Because um to travesty and rocky's gonna be going up there on Thursday be with with um Jesse Jackson
They're gonna do some kind of a protest upfront. Yeah the capital
So do you want these address sure? I guess so I mean it doesn't seem to be doing too much good
I read that whole thing in the paper this morning that 80 and 90% of the calls are all saying no impeachment and these people are still
Whatever you say we'll do the opposite you know, okay, go ahead. Okay. It's www.house.gov
And the second one is HTTP colon slash slash congress
dot org slash elek mail
ELEC
Yeah, that HTML. No, I think the first ones a lot easier. Yeah, you can go to the first one too
www.house.gov. Yeah
Gov right okay
I think this is a travesty. I think it's really unfortunate and people don't understand the severity of what's gonna happen
They're they're in La La land. They're too busy worrying about the Hanukkah gift you know, okay, pal
All right, no, no, no, no, thanks
Okay, we have an open line today. They're too busy worried about the you know that they get the affirming
Dolls for the kid and then they get this and then they get laid and whatever they got what we got we got
We got that's what they're worried about what they got
And what you're about to get is screwed is what you're about to get because
We got a bunch of lunatics up there in Washington including that Rosanne Rosanne down at Iliana gross latin
Why don't even bother talking to her?
I mean she admits that she's getting overwhelming
People calling and saying no no one impeachment. Well, she's gonna have to make the vote and she's I know
She's gonna alienates and people but she's a good right wing and I see and never met a faster. She didn't like it
Okay, whatever you say Rosanne
Gilda Radner is turning in her grave just knowing that Iliana gross latin is walking around the looking and acting like that
And she don't even have to put on act to do it. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
two things first
I'm really sat in here. The Norman fell is now has been canceled. He's dead. Yes
He's that's right. It's yours been canceled permanently. Yes. I remember he was a good character actor
He was he was in
In that movie mad mad mad mad mad mad mad mad world. Yeah, like a right in the beginning
Really interesting seeing him all in the graduate like I said before yes
But he's now an ex actor I guess he's a man Hollywood heaven and
As for
What is it as you were talking about the violence of the lambs? Yeah as great as the movie is as it was the book was much better
Really really and so was the first Hannibal actor book red red dragon dragon. I read that yeah. Yeah, that's that book kept me up
So as people should go out and read the books and maybe Thomas Adams will write a third how
Hannibal led to love me as look ask you one question. Sure. What is a buffalo tail
Okay, we have an open line in the Broward 5 6 7 0 5 I think we stepped him on that one 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 and a mobile one line
95 dollars
Yeah, they've only been there a few minutes usually by this time they call and say 20 bucks
We'll get some people out there just be patient. They'll keep moving around
They'll keep running away just every time they start driving to where we are then they keep running away
Just because I said something okay pay no attention to me. Just stay where you are
They have plenty of dolphin shirts to give away to give away to anyone who make the money
Anybody makes a donation to center one you get a dolphin that t-shirt
We got tons of those to give away which is great and we got tons of a neo merchandise to help raise money for center one today
We'll get several hundred bucks up there in coral springs. Well, no why we're talking people with some serious money up there
Okay, and coral springs. That's right. We're not talking about shleppers up there
We're talking about people who probably have too much goddamn money. Give us some of it to us all right
It's tax deductible if you're that cheap
Man, oh man, you have to really prod these bastards Chevron station southeast corner university and world palm and prestigious
Coral Springs in fact, I wouldn't be surprised if even river goes by there makes an extra donation
Plus the big check he's gonna give me at the hockey game tomorrow night. Anybody believe that? No
Now talk to me today said by the way you were right about the decimal point the thing you didn't understand is there all zeros on there
Before and after the decimal point
But he said it'll look really good my handing you a check people really believe there's some money in it
Nine minutes after noon at five sixty wq and we want to bang you in the butt honey
Okay
By the park
Deadly park
Heaven
Yo

Stop
Just
I was part
Gagley part
I got one
And came
I watched a woman's death swim around
She was tearing a terrible crown
I walked right out of that place
With a face pile on my face
Dying with parts
Gagley part
You and I
Is wide and arse
Last one go
But don't look back
At the distance of your gapest eyes
If you're in church when you do
You'll have to stay in your doom
In number you talk today at Phineas
But it's the sun, I want to know who cuts the cheese
1215 at 560 WQM
I guess the people in the audience like to
Really a dollop
And put on the big suit, the zoot suit
Maybe they even like those black tie affairs
And the tie and the whole deal
Every time they go out to eat
I made that comment before and I'll stand by it
Okay, I appreciate going anywhere in the world
See up north down the south
It's a much more leisurely and casual thing
When you go to Hawaii it's like that
I guess anywhere where the weather is warm
Up north like in New York or Chicago where we're destroyed
There are tremendous number of restaurants
Where a guy goes in without a jacket
Or maybe in some cases a jacket and a tie
They say all starry but see you later
And I would say okay I'll see you later
In fact I won't see you later blow it out your ass
It's what I would say
It's like people that look at talk about the Phineas Vegas
The Phineas many of them are very good
And they're great values
But is it worth standing in line for like an hour and a half
Two hours for they get a buffet?
No, of course not
You got to be some kind of a jerk
Look at all the money you could be losing during that time
Here's a mobile and crawl spring
Hello
How you doing, Neil?
Great
This is Pete
I just was going by there
I bought your best of Neil Partue
God bless you Pete, thanks for you
I got my free Duff and Steach shirt
Right, is there anybody there?
Oh yeah, there's next future seven people
Alright, it's starting to build up some big momentum
There we go
Yeah, so everybody get up and maybe access and search
Or maybe some money for a big cause
Especially up there in crawl springs
Where all those people got two damn much money
That's their problem
Yeah, I'm a service tech
Tell me about it
I used to have people over here
There were three and four hundred thousand out of houses
Right
And also get their needs as well
And start generating some money for a big cause
Okay, thanks a lot Pete
Alright, Neil
And have a happy
Alright, my
There's Pete, he helped us out
Christian Lou, they're waiting for you
We got 155 bucks
That's record breaking, this early, this early on
And they'll stay there until we get ten grand there today is what they said
Now with Chris said, he said, we're going to stick around here
No, we get 50 grand or else
No, seriously, don't get a grand
I mean, no problem, it's only 12, 15 million
I forgot about it there for a few minutes
Because they're out so overwhelmed with all these great names
These African-er names that we got
Like Cuente Quente or whatever that was
Now when you come right down a way
Wouldn't it be something if we fought out the people in Africa
Like in Zaire and in Namibia
All those places over there
If their names were like, you know, Ed
Huh?
Like Nelson Mandela
If it's good enough for him, it's good enough for me
I knew a guy from Ghana, Africa
And his name was Tom, his name was Michael
Michael, how do you like that? Michael, Michael, motorcycle, how do you like that?
It's good enough for some guy from where from Botswana
Okay
Some guy from Brooklyn
I knew a guy from Brooklyn once his name was Michael
If it's good enough for him, he was white
Italian, I think
Here's a mobile in Weston, hello
Hey, how you doing now?
Great, I was watching Kenneth Frequency last night
Are you the one, huh?
We had a gold scene on there
He sleeps with you and you leave 200 bucks on the bed when you're done
That's at a little repeat of all his fantasies
Yeah, he only wishes
Anyways, I'll make an addiction area for ebonyx
We can decide what their names mean
Okay, thank you for all the big hits for us
Okay, just anywhere
That's a gay club you moron
Yeah, that can't be a frequency
By the way, that's Wami's, that's still on the ears
Anybody know about it? No, no, we don't know, forget about it
Open line of day one of Bryan
And by the way, did not get the check for last week from Wami yet
Which is Tuesday already of this week
I do understand it's the holidays, but let's get with it
Okay, boys over there
What an operation that turned out to be
That was one of the most astonishing, amazing experiences of my pathetic life
Here's Wami, hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir, I have the best after-cruiner name for you
Yeah
Two poxia courts, what do you think of him?
Two poxia courts, yeah
Isn't that the best, and about the best movie of the last 10 years?
It's uh...
What was the name two pox, shikr?
Shikr, I think is what they say
Up, I don't know
So my grandmother always used to say, shikr, was a two-pack or a six-pack
That guy was saying the last movie in the last 10 years?
Yeah
Saving Private Ryan
What is it?
Saving Private Ryan
Saving Private Ryan was the best movie of the last 10 years?
Yeah, have you seen it?
No
I'll take your word for it, thanks
Was that as good as pubic pulp fiction?
Don't get me started on that again, please, okay?
And by the way, did you know that they put mayonnaise on their fries?
They take off their ties, and they put mayo on their fries
I like to put that to music, okay?
In Amsterdam, before they light up their weed and pick out the seed
That's right
In fact, that's the one place where they don't say hold the mayo
We have two open lines in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
grammar is a equals. A 22 means you're a 21. Humanty and tatumny. So Internal Team Corridor has
multiple management strategies here. They were liquid came from a
Clover, a rebel or malignant, a rebel and an officer in an
municipal network. There were different nieces but they
would have not recorded data as we do now. There were violated data. They were violationates
legal ins&, hp in a polymer and mangas
yellow and orange yellow
i love it
it's true it's gotta be real it was right there and i thought i couldn't believe
they weren't having a poison very animal was nonetheless
have a great day by by how do you like that
lamangelo and arrangelo
oh god i hate to break the news here folks but there are stupid people
reproducing i don't have to bullet no care probably shouldn't have said that
during the holidays especially to get really panicky there are really ignorant people
reproducing making babies open-ended day five six seven oh five
sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line three oh five three oh five
three oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three
oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three
oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three
oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three
oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three
oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three oh three oh
and they're in the room in the in the little mini bars that they have in the room
they've got like your sodas and a couple of beer whatever's in there
and they have a and they're not paragena i don't know what the hell kind they are
but they they're in little blue boxes and they're real hard chocolates real hard
because in Italy they like it real hard and poor those great
and they wouldn't be nearly as good because i'm taking them out of there and left them
you know sitting and then they get lukewarm not nearly as good but when they're really good and hard
man are they good and the chocolates aren't bad either
okay let's go to bouquet hello hey Daniel great
on a student at the marginal public university in bouquet here
and we have an African-American student government president and he insists
whatever his name is in print it'd be in all lowercase letters because that is his slave name
the name the white man gave him oh my god what what do his name be
well his first name his first name is Presley in fact so that was quite a museum
and his last name is Elvis not quite his name is Presley
and that's the name that the that's his slave name that's what he says
right now I bet he hangs out with David J. Neel in this very time over the
hill probably okay thanks for doing that so how to Elvis okay Presley has just left
the building his slave name see I mean if you're going to live with some kind of
a complex it's like if every bag wants to call himself Bruce okay
now what's a good bull-like name I don't know are there such things as besides
books that's that's not a real name well there's always books Davis
all the masculine and it masculinity feminine names like Bobby for Barbara
yeah how about Tommy Pat for Patricia how about Tommy we have yeah see
and there gets to be a point now there are people who are like their name is Robert
and when they're young they're Bobby okay and as they get to be like what
what would be the demarcation point I think after you get out of high now even in
high school you don't want to be Bobby well maybe I depend on who you are and
what you're all about but after you leave high school I would think like when you
go off to college you're going to the real world you don't want to be Bobby you
want to be Bob just like if your name is Tommy I mean Thomas you know when you're
a kid you can be Tommy but when you grow up like when you get to be past the age
of you know when you have like a few pubic here's Tom kind of like is a little
more appropriate you know who I'm thinking about I'm sure you do it don't be
knocking my good friend Tommy okay that came by shows their in Pepper Pines Tommy
is okay in my book by the way Debbie and Coral Springs loves you and made a big
donation over there thank you Debbie and Coral Springs that's the US
sweetheart how do you like that we're gonna raise some serious bucks up there I
told you what did I tell you ask me this morning I said how about Coral Springs
popped into my mind immediately because I know that's what a guy named
long enough to do that money is that's right that's where the money is we got a
bunch of real serious people out there including a lot of Jews with some money
up there at Coral Springs I'm not saying the Graham don't have a few bucks
some of them but the Jews we got the big bucks baby just ask that I wrote a letter
of the hair of this man that I did I say that I sure hope I did he doesn't have
to speak Spanish or any language he doesn't want to because his money speaks for
itself I told Mr. Samuel's over there on Miami Beach 1226 at 560 WQ
get the money to you yeah but isn't that right Bobby no she doesn't have it
I said let's not true at all don't you you don't have a penis if an underdeveloped
penis that's what I was told under the small child no it's not the isn't in fact
that it's really you were told a small child you said that you were a
homophidite I was told a lot of things why was a small child so were you lied to
Bobby I don't think I was lied to about my past no did you live your life and
your early informative years as a woman yes and it is totally it's totally my
whole life how I wonder I'm a very athletic person I've always been at
the beach I wonder what I could unclose I look like a bike I wonder if the way I
wear my hair people are gonna think I'm a guy I wonder what people are thinking
about me so I'm gonna have a hell that I let this happen to me oh yeah well
it's a 12 30 I was just sitting back I was so engrossed in that I forgot we
were even doing a show here I was reliving that whole show all over again I
mean just take a look at that thing again sweetheart does it look like a
oh well maybe it is here's a mobile invention hello hello uncle me it's just a
wonderworm yes sir what's up long time no talk and hey I got a name for you yes
sir tamale tamale tamale tamale yeah I'll sell it for you okay F E M A L E S E M A L F F
and Frank F is in park okay F E M A L E oh yeah right true story yeah was on
the first certificate that's what they called a little girl hey tamale come here all
right there you go that's like a Lamangelo and a round of them
who are on the low huh hey those hockey owners are full of craft you know what I mean
you know they're not losing money whatever you say that's all look work the
moment we ween since Wayne got in league he did a good teacher anyway he's
helping all those guys out just like in the baseball okay pal I say hi say hi to Molly can I call
someone do you guys yes hi see you we have an open line of date one and
Broward 56705 60 pound 560 on the mobile one line here's Miami hello hey Neil how are you great my
formal life as a teacher I had two kids from the islands and this is their real name was
Dorcas and Dupas uh-huh there is just call him Dorcas I'm calling you I knew a Dorcas you knew
a Dorcas I've known many Dorcas in my time and also on the uh you know a Dorcas female
no this is a girl oh girl that's a girl's name Dorcas is an ESS ISS Dorcas
DORCAS Doran that's Dorcas and this is Dorcas and on the death spot did you see where
mr. Roper died who Norman fell oh no mr. Roper yeah Norman fell we've had that on a hundred
times today we got to this watch cooking on this show okay well you got it we're in the right
time for it have a right day Norman fell is dead oh we have an open line in date county 56705 60
pound 560 on the mobile one line I think just like you're gonna find by the way keep your keep
your eye on the death watch Republican party is gonna be on the very soon the entire party dead
is a doonale very very soon in fact all you liberty are in has been waiting in the wings for
the little opening the little crack even though you're all full of craft just wait now I think
uh I think they got a giant crack there in the uh Republican party that big elephant's got a
real crack problem here's a mobile and four-lotterdale hello now yes sir my wife was a school
teacher and she had two students one with named Keith and the other one was Keith on no lie Keith
on Keith on like Keith on Keith on like Keith on Keith and on
oh I don't know if he's on maybe Keith on trucking all right right yeah so what do they call
what do they call Keith on for sure not to be confusing them with Keith uh song oh okay I
know a couple of good songs and maybe I think one for you thanks a lot pal we have two open lines
in date 56705 like I said there's a literate people out there making babies you're cursing
your children like I said before do a great service at this holiday time if you've named your kid
a horrendous gross unacceptable name put a new birth certificate in there with a brand new name
and number two right on the cards by the way we lied to you there is no Santa Claus there's no
tooth for in there's no god we made all that up what 455 not there you go we're moving long
singing a song 455 bucks up there in Coral Springs on our way to a thousand and a real quick
granted but we damn well better do by two o'clock or else I want to know why let me say it again
we got the WQAM van right there at the Shevren station corner university and world of palm of
rural university right world palm ball of art southeast corner we got all that best of stuff we
got a free dolphin t-shirt for anybody and everybody that makes any donation to center one so go
up there and let us raise 20 or 30 or 40 million then cut the crap then maybe even buddy nevans will
write something in the a his newspaper column about how they raised over 100 grand you think
of do that no no he won by the way she coming up with a donation for us no yeah that's what's
gonna happen buddy nevans will come through for us just to hold your breath here's a lady in Cooper City
hello hi and come here hey you're great nary hanika and back to you happy uh Christmas did I hear
you say earlier that there was a legal steaksuit on its way yes no right out there in the west
row it's somewhere by the sawgrass in the mall or I don't know I really am not sure but regardless
of where it is isn't it great yeah that's a sensational place I would go up to Boston just to eat
there I agree that's the one of low touch it just for the chowda alone oh my god that's that's
good news so you don't have any the when the where's in the why no one's right away I don't
see the mention that because my friends at sheels will get psychotic now but it's it's kind of a
different category yeah no no these are you know these apples and oranges right it's oh that's good
it's lemons and oranges something like that um talking about the names I mean I think I think the
the problem with names is when we start getting into some of these soap opera names I mean where did
they get these names were hard and Harley and and you know these names are the weird ones I mean
who's who's name and who's name in their kids Harley except a lot of guys want to why to Harley
yeah speaking of Harley did they ever get the original Harley back I missed a couple of guiding
lights I know she's not what do you mean the original they were like a couple episodes they had
somebody else who was not oh no she's back okay but hey but the original Michelle you won't
see her no more no somebody somebody cursed her with the ugly stick overnight now she just I
mean how can they do that how can you take somebody who's one of the most beautiful young women
I've ever seen in my life and replace her with this with this real dumpy-looking bitch I just don't
get it this one's permanent yeah it's like what's your name like um Bridget yeah exactly like
Bridget on a bad day with a bad dude like oh well anyway um can I make a shameless request yes man
something my husband has always wanted to hear and I know you don't like playing it but if maybe
you could squeeze it in mm-hmm jack in the box okay thanks have a good one yeah okay we have an
open line at Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line if you can name the last
to 6,000 characters on guiding light who've been written out of the show will give you a prize
here's a lady in Palm Beach hello I knew yes man I can I bet you I'm another guiding light lady all right
that that new Michelle she she was the um she was Reeves as clone when she was a teenager remember her
oh yeah they brought her but now all that makes it even worse yeah they like her so much they
must think we all have all the timers that are watching that show and you know something because
she did look for Midi right thought but she was the little girl Riva who was only on for a very
short period time because she was getting older by the second so thought she was so great they
decided to uh bring her back that is unbelievable I mean she is so grotesque looking and the other
Michelle I mean there were guys who were just hyper ventilating every time she was on the screen I'm
sure and they all of a sudden she they got the ugly stick right in her nose the casting is
getting terrible man just who else is leaving well I'm sure Holly's on the way out
Dina and heart oh Dina is leaving thank god oh god Dina but that's your sandwich nothing to be
finer than to get rid of bitch Dina they're just gonna recast the logo oh I see they're gonna
have a new Dina new heart the afters are reading but that's not why I call I call you're leaving
out the best name wrong you remember basketball player named God Sham God oh yeah that's right God
Sham God he was he was akin to damn god damn god what what is it what is up with that what is
up with it is that they're the the the more that people are in the sports the dumber they tend to be
the more fanatical air the more idiotic and they will accept any kind of crap no matter how
moronic it is so these jocs can get away with the stuff and people will obediently call them
whatever name they come up with yeah they'll actually dignify like he's on look so stupid it was
parent that's not his name his parents gave him a nice ordinary name and just like her remab to
jabala dolphins while the sudden had to cut the aircraft and cut down the kareem because he got
sued by the real cream whose name was luelsinger by the way I don't get I just don't understand it
I don't got it I mean one kind of a statement is it to change your name unless you do it for
showbiz purposes like some other sponies but what what what is the statement that you're making
especially if you have your parents gave you nice ordinary name like cash is clay I can
understand why you changed that name because it's a crappy name to begin with but Muhammad Ali
God's him God is the worst that is the best and God bless you thank you
can God okay we have an open line in brow but a lot of guiding light stuff today there you go
I'm gonna come back with this guiding light stuff now they brought Alex back we want the original
Alex back that's what we want you with the best nobody to our temper tantrum like Alex not even me
20 before one at five sixty wqm you can be harder looking for miracles the former president is
trying to push push in Bosnia hey how the hell are you welcome the jack in the box I'm jack
can I'll be happy to fill your order if you know what I mean it's like a jack burger the large
fries sorry pal we're cleaning the grease fire we don't have any french fries today okay uh
there just could be a small order of fries please look chief maybe you didn't hear me I said we
don't have any fries today so how about something else okay then uh just getting order of fries
listen up pal hope with the strong strawberry let you do that's right nature did who put the
apenate forgot nature that is right nature did now listen carefully who put the freak in french
fries there ain't no freak in french fries that's what I've been trying to tell you but breath
there ain't no freak in french fries now get out of my sight before I shut your teeth so far
down your throat you'll have to sit on the jack burger to eat it oh have a nice day thank you 1246
did I really just play that now we were talking thank God during the bit I didn't hear it okay we
have an open line of date five six seven oh five sixty no seriously that works very well for me if we
if I play something that they're desperate here and I just can't hear it one more time we'll just
put me over the edge I just go pop up about during the whole thing off the air maybe some time we'll
start doing that on the air pop up up and then they'll stop asking for that so here's a mobile in Miami
hello hello Neil yes sir how's it going great picked up your CD it's great thank you uh I remember what
I was in high school I knew a very dark complexed guy named Casper that was his actual name
Casper the friendly dark complexed ghost yes Casper yeah and about the movie my favorite movie good
fellas yeah that's okay I give it a eight and a half I like it because no fish is a lot of by words
there you go okay okay okay have a great life pal what did Joe uh pesky stand at what did he say
please don't say the yes well okay and he said another man yeah he said that oh it listen I'm
leaving those things down there for you okay your little special bank of vulgarities there
do we want to have it here disgusting grotesque and unacceptable we have an open line and uh it's in
Dave County five six seven oh five sixty six hundred and sixty bucks up and Coral Springs
I don't want so far today I told you if we get out of those schlepper areas like Pembroke Pines
where all those old parts are cemetery villas that area out there at Pines and University by the way
I don't know what you call that besides crap yeah that's just not our area out there pines and
university I think at that giant super publics right there like a block away yeah I know I know
that area very well I used to work at IMZ right up the street up there in the Carroll city it's
a hustling bustling intersection no there's no hustling going on here and there's no bustling
there's a lot of old people live out there it's like and a lot of a lot of Davey rednecks probably
in it area a lot of crap walking around the loose that's just not just not our part of town this
is a real good exercise by the way we're finding out where you are and where you are not seven twenty
look at that it's zooming up there zooming up to a thousand and lots more than that probably by
the time two o'clock rolls around I told you Coral Springs day west in tomorrow west in tomorrow
in fact that wouldn't be surprised if we go to west in that suds probably comes by with a big fat
one tomorrow maybe you check too huh what is his real name I've got a block
cell board oh cellburn that's right that's we won't see we don't want to get in trouble over there
so we won't say it's from sud we'll just say it's from some guy named cellburn in there no don't
hold up that picture seriously if you don't look this is a suds Coleman as a kid that's holding coffee
with the geeky glasses is that a high school picture yeah I'm telling you man he was the most good
he looked like Jerry what's there in drag on a bad day god almighty I bet you he's embarrassed
as hell damn it that we found that thing here's sunrise hello hi Neil how are you great I wanted to share
a story with a name with you okay school teacher up in Washington DC in the early seventies
and there was a family who had a lot of kids their last name was king and the mother was pregnant
went to the hospital like they realized they didn't have a name for the kid right so they are
frantic they're sitting there what else can we name the kids they have like 10 or 11 kids so they
had they finally had the baby one of the brothers was in my class they came and kids comes in the
next day I said what's your name your new brother and he said no smoke I said well where to help
you get a name like no smoke he said well my papa was waiting in the waiting room and there was
this great sign that already had her name in it oh my gosh so this kid went through school as no
smoke king and oh my god I didn't get the part your last name was king yeah king the no
smoke king no smoke was this for kids first name oh my god great and my wife makes me feel
real optimistic about the future of America my wife was a school teacher in the late eighties yeah
she had two twins in her class so sheba and phony oh I love that so when you're
kind of holding that whole class you might would think when you say we have illiteracy now
obviously these people are reading that's the good point excellent so they're reading they're
finding these names and it's creating the remarkable thing last note yesterday was a real
tough day for me I bought your best of cussette it changed my day thank you very much thank you
much better thanks a lot see you later no smoke how you be doing no smoke that'd be good we have
open line brown five six seven see it pays to go to school again education okay if you're
gonna reproduce if you're gonna make babies then at least if you have an education you might be
able to name your kids like a real name instead of burdening them with some kind of illiterate
bullcrap some uh no smoke oh my god heavy heavy beauty but I'm glad that woman called before about
god shangha that that is my favorite that's even better than x ray hip or extra hip or whatever
that other group all was 800 800 we're smoking up there baby that total is zooming up there we might get
to like 20 30 million by the end of the day keep the cash by the way and aside guys 800 bucks already
and they've only been there like less than an hour that I announced it because I forgot because
we were busy talking about like your little bit of assholes out there 800 bucks percent of one
up there in coral springs I told you I know where it's at don't be wasting your time over there in
sweet water and uh fact on uh let's see tomorrow is when the Thursday will go in like where they
real big bucks are we'll go into like over town huh no seriously let's not the discriminate here
let's go into parts of town where they're like real dark and collected people some of them might be
named no smoke as a matter of fact and uh we'll get some cash okay huh well might not be easy to get
it but we'll get it here's a mobile in high alia hello Neil yes sir what about work work done yeah yeah
yeah let's talk about the name let me ask you something they always disturb me that the fsU had a
guy named uh Peter work huh I got it with the same last name the same last name as somebody
else's first name what are the odds on that you do you really buy that I'm not buying it it was
Peter work as the other guy yeah yeah the other thing is I think I named Peter
what about my mood up do you know I mentioned that that's my favorite mach mood sounds real Jewish in the
Arabic to me and have a great day isn't that what the Germans say when they're not feeling too good
I'm in a real mach mood today we have an open line and date five six seven oh five sixty five five
sixty on the mobile one line we ought to send Robert Greeper to Germany he can just keep saying
yeah yeah yeah huh that'd be good I don't give me started on those Germans now they know how to name
their people here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale hello hey how you doing Neil great you know what what
really uh strange to me is when they name their children like Brian and they spell it be R well
hi oh n yes strange that's another one strange spellings yeah yeah yeah yeah
or m y ch oh no now there could be a real good reason for that I don't think it's all that
complicated maybe a literacy might have something to do with that what about oranfall yeah like
oj oranfall maybe he was the the original I and now that you mentioned I never heard no other
oh man oranthal anyway closing JETS jet jet jet okay good luck you pal nice going but they got to
play the barrels again this week you got a real schedule problem there so I don't like it started
on I stuff a boy that's the one thing that Jimmy I'm not gonna get on that because then somebody
will call about it I'm gonna discuss it but haven't I been telling you even though I avoid that
discussion like to play that Jimmy hasn't shown me a damn thing in the time that he's been here not
a not squat well the chart says you go for two yeah the chart says like you have to look at the chart
give me a break and another thing about Jimmy I don't want to get started on this pretend you didn't
hear me say this but you notice how he never makes any mistakes he never makes a bad judgment
during the game he never makes a bad calls a bad play it's always Danny over through what somebody
did this never the least humility of anybody I've ever seen in my life and it's always the media's
got a bad attitude and this one's the one that you know put up or shut off JJ okay I don't want
to talk about it but I just mentioned it and passing for all the people that continue kissing his
big fat back home all the time not to mention guilty okay we started on guilty again I'm feeling
really great I'm in a good mood right now I got myself out of that deep depression I was in
after hearing his voice briefly this morning after hearing him doing that stupendous sucking
super-cellaneous stupendous sucking how would Brian Murray share that
1255 at 560 wqa m but Neil Roger show now on 560 wqa m Miami Fort Lauderdale it's not just the one
to two hour it's a phenomenon girl are you lonely do you sit around weekend waiting for the
phone to ring so you can just talk to somebody can you only date after dark well if you answer
just these questions you're probably a pig if that's the case don't stick your head in the oven
just yet we have a plan for you just call romance for the nearly blind our helpful representatives
will find a compatible mate for you that is nearly or totally blind just one phone call to 1-800
IC fuzzy and you can be in the arms of the man of your dream and you wear school shade so call
today don't delay that 1-800 IC fuzzy then it after one at 560 wqa m I wonder if that is anything
to do with those heifers that hang around right down there by the glass of hockey games I was talking
about last week you know the ones with their fatunya pig noses and their big fat pupig that press
their thing right up against the glass and the nose too maybe that's what they were talking about
okay so some nice list they're brought by not only some money for someone but also six pair of
clip-on sunglasses so the next six people have come by up there for a chris and lu and our q an
fan will get a pair of those and adult and t-shirt and a partridge and a pair of tree if you make
a donation 900 bucks already in less than an hour that's pretty goddamn impressive nice call
and corals brings corals brings I think it's going to win a goddamn jackpot that's what we got to
do is make this in a kind of a contest now where did we do the other day last week we started out
plantation oh yeah university and the browners well that was a gimme and we did about what 1200 bucks
there we're gonna do better than that and then we went the day after that they went where the growth
sort of no us one in 27th half yeah on the other side of the highway from the grave yeah
grow ratio kind of and did overgrand there like a thousand eighty six bucks I think something
like that and corals brings is going to take the lead today they're racing off in the lead and
corals brings here's a south Miami hello south Miami yes sir I have three names for I went to
school with these guys and the first one is Dijon boy out yeah Dijon Dijon yeah we got a Dijon
that's a driver at Pompe no park a harness driver Dijon his father has that to be de Wayne and he
be Dijon now this is a B with a B oh B. Sean B. Sean B. Sean for a B. Sean for a B. Sean
B. Sean yeah another one was Hushang Robertson Hushang Hushang and another one was Tukon and of course
we called them Tukun uh-huh Tukun Jackson Tukun Tupac six back okay thanks whatever you said what do you
say he said he was a rich Tukun the tycoon is what he said we have an open line in day five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty we need to all bring America together and we can't do that by
coming up with a bunch of stupid oddball names okay everybody should be John and Jim and Ed and
Mirian Sally and the nanny that's it no more names that we're cutting them off right there now
granted then you would you know in a crowd you say hey Jim and 28 guys turn around
I'm waiting for a update here because it looks really frantic yes 2020 thank you Bruce and Jackie
Ziggler for putting this over thank you Bruce and Jackie Ziggler from putting this over the top
so to speak all cross brings in a romp decimating the other communities in this town really showing them
what where it's at and the cash two thousand and twenty bucks already and we still have almost an hour to go
so let's see let me just uh figure that out boy let's say the uh stick here we got I bet you with
if we ever got those totals from the other seven border stores we got to begin close to 90 grand
right now we're gonna make that hundred in spite of all you naysayers out there in spite of people
who said now you never do it and it's a tremendous hope that they're getting this QA
in VanTingle I think that's great I think the fact that I held a 357 Magnum to to a bluff's head
and I said you better get that promotion department involved in this and the radio station involved and
he said uh okay that's what he said it's helping tremendously see you can't do it all by yourself okay
sometimes in life you got to do it by yourself but every once in a while you need a helping hand
here's a mobile in North Miami hello hey do a Neil great you want to know what's wrong with America
after this bill Clinton debacle yeah it's the good old boy networks just a still alive and kicking
you got Henry Hyde who had a kid at a wet at he was married had a cue with some other broad
no and this guy's leading the whole campaign against Clinton that was Dan Burton that had the kid
Henry just had the affair oh he just had the affair outrageous yeah he f in American way and don't
forget about Mary Bono who sat out of jitter's year committee with screw around for 12 years and
sunny uh that's why his will is all up in the air yeah there are a bunch of hypocrites up there
right the same thing down the floor it's high that's their motto up there don't screw as I screw
just uh you know keeping your pants the Florida legislators the old good old boy network system
working it's just till his day get all these damn red nicks out of there I'm sick of them all okay
pal see it's a passport office you'll off of Chino D uh pass the port though we have an open
line and broard five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
here's camera at hello I get quick story for you sir go back on these names things me and my wife
used to go to the mall every year and uh I don't know if you've ever seen it the salvation army tree
we take a name off the tree you go buy a gift for a child it needs a gift for Christmas I know
you know salvation army people swing in their bell and uh with a big bucket well I get this thing
all the shop of malls it's a big Christmas tree it's got these pieces of paper you take a piece of
paper off the tree you have a kid's name on it you go buy the present then you bring it back to
the spot and then they give it out during Christmas I'll let yeah I'm sure they do yeah yeah so
anyway me and my wife used to do this every year we take a name and nine times that a tenor was
one of these to Shambi or toshibo or yeah and Sonio right Antonio and Sonio
yeah I'm here okay so next year we come up and we're gonna take a name and all of a sudden the
names are gone so it always says it's boy and girl so I asked her that would happen to be a black
lady running that's not coming they don't have the names on the ticket anymore she said why
do you think so that's not on understanding what do you mean she said why you think I don't name
on it no more yeah that's a no I think I'm asking your question you asked her a question yeah she said
okay whatever we have an open line and oh she asked you those those are the names five six seven
oh five sixty I guess I'm a little slower today is it just me no I think we're all like trying to
catch up with that okay let's go to a mobile in the Westchester hello yeah I knew yes sir yeah
I'm a Colombian and we use first name a middle name and then we use four last names tell you mine
my name is oh valdo oh valdo Gabriel Haramillo Patinho with tancourt moly na excuse me
yeah did he say best in the cool I think he said that in the middle of it yeah no no no no no no no no no it's
oh valdo Gabriel as valdo Damela yeah Haramillo Patinho Patinho Patinho Patinho
Patinho Pingo Maricone that's right oh wow yeah I don't have to keep track of all that in the middle
of those drug deals man must be getting pretty confusing well that's what we need all those names
yeah they're good point yeah I'm not so I'm not going to go have a year I'm a d'Ningo
Xavier something like that and we usually we usually use same names still you know like my
middle name is Saint Gabriel yeah and my sisters are three of them remain Maria
okay I'm sure that catch up okay amigo I'll stick in your case okay trace that call he's
got some bad stuff we have an open line in Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 I mean I see I guess I'm
very naive in my old advanced age I thought like John Smith Mary Jones Sid Schwartz you know I thought
that's what life was all about keep it simple there are enough other complicated depressing
annoying things in life you start making a big simmissata your name why doesn't name have to be a
big song in a goddamn dance okay you don't like your name make up a good easy name like Donald
O'Connor something like that shine hit O'Connor but all these crazy hyphenated it's like that thing
with the Asians they have no choice but to be very highly educated because just to learn their
alphabet takes them about 10 years now I'm gonna say after one at five 50 WQM oh my god just
out of route nine about a mile past this event plant there's a colorful little place with a good old
boys gather can I have a fear please Sydney boy you look more like a sody boss to me you'll enjoy
visiting with a local resident hey boy I was looking at you calling me a liar oh no I'm
like a little dark I'm gonna horse with you so bring your camera maybe a girl but don't bring
your American Express belt because it doesn't lestered sweats and booze roadhouse they only take
visa host down boys while I take off the bill visa it goes everywhere you want to be and a lot of
places you don't problem it's after what at five 60 WQM the Hank Goldberg show from the sporting
bruises to a clunk now Chris the nephew said why he said people are having trouble fighting the
joint because they haven't said often enough where the place is yes the Chevron station on the
southeast corner university in rural Palm and Coral Springs which I've said at least two three
billion times just in last hour and twenty minutes now find it we got over a thousand bucks already
they must be fine in it they're looking for it okay they got out their spyglass they'd be looking for
it southeast corner university in rural Palm and Coral Springs just look for the big QA in Van it's all
you know dolly up like a piece of stone here's a mirror mar hello hi how you doing great
I'm here a lot of races undertones with the you know the names today undertones yeah I mean what does
that mean I'm just hearing a lot of negative a negative a lot of negative feedback with these names
well I think that that's the point of this whole thing is that those kind of names create a lot of
device of this I mean I know I know what's the point of coming up with these crazy nonconventional names
what's the point because I'm black and I think a lot of people named the truth these names to
spread the different you know separate themselves from white why because the idea okay thank you okay
great there there you go there's the best call we've had on the earth to the end of the year but
there's the best call we've ever had black people are coming up with these names he says here's
a brother who calls in to say to go on the one hand that he he hears a lot of racial undertones
so in other words but if black people hate white people that's not racism is that correct
uh-huh thank you thank you for the education lesson I see it it's like it's like people have that
that pedal this idea that if you speak english correctly if you're a black person in this country
not other countries because black people other countries speak perfect English the way I'm speaking I
be speaking right now they do not ask no questions but if you speak english the way honky you do
then that suddenly makes you honky is okay and that takes away your black identity as if uh
see on a one hand don't pay attention to my skin color this guy is saying and don't be
erases but on the other hand I want to name myself some freaky name or my kids don't freaky
as name because we want to be as far away from the white people as possible which I don't I just
don't get it but I'm glad that now we are learned the lesson huh 1360 1360 oh my god thank you
Sentinel fire protection whoo Sentinel fire protection whoever they are thank you for
us they brought back to check 1360 bucks and it's only 115 the little hand is on the big
head is exactly 115 that bad last call there you could sit and you could analyze that for hours
just thinking about what that guy could last amount a lot longer but I think to chop it right at that
point was the exact appropriate spot to chop it so we can just kind of digest and swallow and the
spit out and uh out of our system everything that he just said I thought we were like all
trying to didn't wasn't uh what's his name that said can't we all just get long huh Rodney King
didn't he be saying that to the camera he's getting there's a normal name yeah Rodney King Rod
what's wrong with the rod if it was good enough for hot rod humley here's Miami hello
hey man what the hell are you doing I've been doing fine I'm right hey I don't I know you brought
up uh you didn't want to bring up the sports intensive but why is it that in this town they talk
about the game coming up a week before after they lose the game they still keep calling up asking
what we could have done more than I agree with you Jimmy John well let me ask you this what
else are they going to talk about you know when you come right down to it it's in no listen to me
it's like talking about sawdust okay huh no seriously how many different things could we if you
want I wanted to have a conversation about sawdust how long could that conversation last and it's
the same thing on a sports station the whole concept believe me I want us to make billions of dollars
here everybody to do well but the concept of a sports station especially in the non sports time
like this to begin with is ludicrous I mean there's such a limited number of things they can talk
about which is why it's so ponderous and repetitive and you keep hearing people say the same thing
over and over and over and even if these people know what they were talking about which they don't
it still would be ponderous because there's only so many ways to describe sawdust and the best
part is when these analist analize things they all say if you listen to them the defense has got
stopped the scoring the offense has got to score a lot and the special team I'm coming home I'm
coming home from the track last night and some some young guy not a kid but some young guy calls in
and ask Ed Kaplan with a straight face he says Ed you think you think our defense can compete
with Denver in that game next week now even somebody who pays his little attention as I do
knows the dolphins probably have the best defense on the whole league okay what kind of a question
the dolphins problem is their defense it's a lack of offense it's no offense okay and here's the
guy with a straight like the guy the kid that called the Ed at the beginning of the baseball season
Ed you think Leibon's gonna win 20 games this year I mean yeah to get the Marlins adios to the
shortstop Ed well there you go again is as coach to show you no matter who the owner is you still
gotta get screwed and don't anybody get sucked into that Dave Gumbrowski propaganda they're gonna
put on a morning short of arm Kelly's gonna suck it up and laugh him on both cheeks of his
rectum that's right don't believe that okay he was eligible for arbitration the salary's gonna
go from 225 thousand year to a million and a half and they're still looking to make more and more
cutbacks John Henry or no John Henry they're still gonna give you a mediocre garbage product out there
and I'm telling you again just say no to the Marlins to anybody in baseball just say no 15
million dollars a year for a goddamn pitcher I mean this is just I don't care if Kevin Brown is
the nicest guy that ever stepped on the face of the earth and quite frankly as far as I'm
concerned he's a carpet bagger he's a carpet bagger they don't even stay around long enough to
have any credibility that's the deal with him he's like a whore for rent by the hour where we
going here's a mobile in hialia hello you know how are you okay so you know these are real names I
spent five years in the trophy business so these are the names I got for you I can't say the word
but I'll spell it for you and I'll pronounce it it's pronounced she's seed yes
s-h you can fill in the rest a g-a-d she's seed that's an actual name last name was day
d-a-y first name spelled ti m-a time uh time of day this is the first one right this is the greatest
one I actually I had to ask the teacher to spell this twice the last name is k k a t-e-s the first
name was lubra l-u-p-r-i i know that's pronounced lub- lubery or something oh no lubra k lubra k how
big he does thanks a lot thanks for the good news okay how you be doing lubra and maybe he knows
look at lubra barbrati we have an open line inbroward five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the 18t wireless line do we denote some racists undertones to all of this uh
only racists undertones I noticed were the ones that that guy was talking about about how we
Heat the white people like poison and we don't want your names. Okay. Well guess what you can't have our names
How do you like that? What have our names are like Al any black eyes named Al? No
There's always Malcolm on the young in the horny. What's wrong with Malcolm?
Nothing that I can see with the naked eye
But seriously, I mean there's a name. I'm Malcolm. Everybody likes Malcolm
He's not too dark not too light. He's just like kind of like a light mocha right in between just right
Okay, where we go on here's a Davy hello
Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I like to say I do to take some races on their tone
Yeah, but that guy they called earlier about the black sitting white
Worse than anything else said. Yeah, but a lot of it
So that's the point I'm trying to make you is that that when people do things that are a little bit of creates a stereotype
And you think my god if there are people are too stupid even be able to name their kids with a like a real name
Like a lemon jello and orange jello. You know, what do we talk? What do we to be talking about here?
Well, it's one thing with you know Americans naming
Remain Rhea's on your name's a name, but it's also thing like you know the time guy named Gia Setti a June angel odd an Arabic name
Mahmoud
I'm okay, right. Yeah, no problem with people in that they come to this country. I don't know other than one guy
I don't know any other Makhmouds though. That's the only Makhmoud I know is the football player
Well, we go in the Middle East there's a lot of
Mahmoud Aburo, Ostea, Basko
I mean the best people whatever hell you get a woof yeah
Nothing is um as far as you know god sham god. I really don't care. I'm a dear so we can name itself whatever you want
Well, what kind of a name is that though?
He has a big ego but I'm name so god and X ray hate that idea, but you know I said it is just ridiculous
But um, how about his brother X ray? How about him?
But another thing is on the ebonyx issue. Yes, sir
I hear a lot of the white especially southern white making fun of black with ebonyx
Most other the pot comical black. Yeah, most white southern ebonyx really just a southern
dialect not really a black dialect or a white dialect the southern dialect
Yeah, and there's no real such thing as speaking white just speaking proper
There's you know proper speech and yeah, but we would see what it makes fun of southern white but they are not listening
They're all busy on the jury spring or show so we don't have the point you know
All right, and um also I'd like to say one thing I went out into
Public so it was a girl named unique
And I can't remember the spelling because it was like something like you and I Q you probably EU and I see a
Have a great day, Pat. I'm really there too. What do you say? Okay, we have an open line in brown at five six seven oh five sixty
I guess that's what it's all about diversity do your thing make up some stupid name and there you go and we can also it back in life at you
I want to change mine
Yeah, how about changing the spelling okay? How about getting with the program mr
I was living Cuba for five minutes written on my birth certificate what
That's how it was written you know something
I don't think that most people as you go through life will say oh by the way
Can I check your birth certificate to make sure that that's the way your name was spelled spelled on there that's spelling better next word
I don't like that name or spelling better with a J okay, we're gonna change it it doesn't matter
Jorge
That that's how it's really pronounced by it's not Jorge by the way for those that you go him out there
It's Jorge
It's how it's pronounced in Espanol which is a disgusting guttable sounding grotesque
But it's kind of like fits in there with a foreskin. Okay, here's a sunrise hello
No, how you doing great?
Um, I think the names that these people come up with are related to their diet
Because if you eat enough barbecued yeah drinking up malt liquor. Yeah, eat enough water. I'm not
I'm tired chicken. Yes, you're sitting on the pot and it sounds like
I need a
Okay, what do you say something about?
Oh
Too much bad pot is what I think he's
Okay, we have an open line in brown or five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
Oh, you're not that there any stereotypes in here. I'd mention there are probably plenty of black folks in this town
Don't eat no watermelon or fried chicken
One by the way when you go to the animal coast you love the fact that they do have both
All kinds of chicken including fried chicken and watermelon. How do you like that? No seriously? They do
You don't have to be black to like watermelon. I do like watermelon. It's matter of fact. I love watermelon
Except it's all you know spitting out the seed
hmm
Not it's just a waste of time spitting out the seed though when you got a lot of practice spitting out
Get the piece of cake here's a mobile in a little Havana. Hello
Yeah, I always spit personally, but you know I believe
Listen to you. I tell you buddy just get a day on TV. I'll go sing on at the
Another another re-run another one of those crappy re-runs about his fantasies about
You know him and me out god. I wouldn't I wouldn't touch him with a 10 foot ugly stick. I think somebody beat me to it
I think what you're doing the weirdest black person I've ever heard is Oprah
Yeah, we've just spelled Harpo backwards
And have a great day. Yeah, like we're supposed to be Harpo, but I want to just story with her
I don't want to be like we're not attacking black people. They all I did all I mentioned way back early in the show today was something about the Keeshawn
And the fact that that name just irritates the living
Day life out of me
I don't know what it is. There's a lot of names that are freer than that
But there's something about that one particular name that just drives the right out of my brains or right into my brains
Keeshawn. Hey Keeshawn. They're it's just it's just a bad name. It'd be a bad name
Yes 1400 and there's nobody there
You know if you don't stop complaining so much Chris
1400 bucks and didn't I just give the address again and there's nobody there we raised 14
I we got 35 minutes to a go we could probably get close to 2 grand there today
If we get your ass and gear up there in Coral Springs and stop playing hard to get all you folks with the big bucks
Chevron station corner these southeast corner of university in rural Palm the big QAM van is there look for Chris and Lou
And we got to often t-shirts. We got stuff to give you you give us your money
We got the best of the LCDs and cassettes and t-shirts and good time will be head by all I
Think we're doing swimmingly well as that's by far and away the best endeavor the whole
Things so far and he's still bitching up there
126 at 560 wqm you know god
Oh
Starting from
You get a loop the voice
It's just a little tight okay
And then you swale around and twale around from left to right
For her in position for the whole earth
And
And that's what I call falling up
You run
And then you spoil around and spoil around from left to right
Oh
Now he's ready to call time
But that's what I call falling up broad
Instead of then your head when you gotta get off
131 at 550 wqm little bit of a rhyming problem in the summer, but hey everything else in the fit
Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello
Yeah, good morning, Neil. Yes sir good evening
Neil I'm gonna down make two hundred hours do you call us if we name the jerk from that newspaper give him a name
What jerk would you know the guy that writes about you? Oh buddy nevin's yeah, yeah, how they let's give him a good name
He's an asshole. Yeah, that sounds good to me. Okay. We have an open line at broward 5 6 7 0 5 50
Palm 5 60 out of 18 T wireless line
That's right. We need more statues more monuments more tributes to Wayne
That's what we need lots more sucking up the big good daddy wing
That's what we need anybody else that tries to glue something good in this town
Let's just rip them and ask because we know that really underneath it. They're just corrosive
I love that word corrosive talk show host Neil Raj
Thank you so much, buddy for letting a fire under my ass and getting you really motivated to get to the hundred grand total
Which we will which otherwise I might have just said back and said well, we'll do the best we can and whatever
So thank you so much, buddy nevin's you little piece of walking toward you
He's an asshole. Here's a mobile in dear field beach. Hello
Mobile near field yes sir. Yeah, I had two names. I went to school with a kid named
Cash register. Oh, no
bell K-A-S-A. Oh
God and also a brother and sister named Brent and Holly and the last name was Wood
Hmm
It was bad. It'd be bad. I felt real bad for them. Now these were white people. Yeah, the Brent and Holly were yep. Oh
Cash was the fastest black kid that we had in our school. There you go. Okay, bring the bell with me. Thank you, sir
Cash register X-X-Ray hip
God-chan God
IP freely
We have an open line and Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hi Neil. Yes
My lady forgot married work for Georgia social services
And she used to keep a list of the most ridiculous names
twins
Formica and dinette
Another set of twins. Yes
Oh, they're set at twins
gonorrhea and syphilis no way they said it sounded French
Here's one I picked up Fort Lauderdale news. This is this is so sad, but I just had to laugh my head off
Little colored baby with AIDS
love Boris
Little baby love ors. Yeah, okay. Thank you for whatever you just said. I think we have an open line and Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
15 60 see there you go 15 60
That's a nice number 15 60. I think it was to work at some stage that was 15 60 on a radio dial
Maybe it was WTPS and Kalamazoo was that 15 60?
A hundred years ago, which is now WBUK country K. I think if it's still on the year
Those were the days baby in Kalamazoo Michigan. What a great town that is and was
Until I took that chickie's pizza off wasn't a javitor. What a great what a damn we love shakies
And that's the great thing when you run under rock station like we were up there
All you got to do they call up and hey, can we hear the stones that whatever you want just send some pizzas over
And they would say okay, and they did
Used to like shakies pizza whatever happened and then besides about other business just like whatever happened to godfathers
Huh see that now that speaks volumes on the back because I think they're still in business the they're from
Omaha is the home headquarters of godfathers and they tried it down here
And I used to rave in fact there was a friend co-ed of mine a friend. I wish he was a friend. Havier
On Sunset down in Kendall remember you remember the godfathers down there
Not down there on Sunset out by where I live near a hundred and seven times
And Havier when I worked at WNW West of all places which was an old foggy station
But nevertheless I remember he came to the station one day Havier come back Havier always probably old and ugly now
But at any rate that was a great great place
That was a great chain godfathers like each pizza weighed about like 30 pounds
And they had like the the
Mexican or the taco pizza whatever
I think they were the first ones that really came up with all the real funky different kinds of thick
pizzas that were like like a real pie that's just like a thin like a you know, I hear pie, but like a thick like a real pie
With the cheese on top. Mmm
Yeah extra cheese you know about that. Here's Miami. Hello
Hello
Yes, I'm out of shot
Now what was his name originally? I don't even know no no seriously his original name was like um
Oh somebody will call on it. I'm sure Joe Costello knows and and uh a couple of years ago the guy in the NBA named tree
Rollins. Yeah, remember him. Oh, yeah, he's a kind of tree cropper now. He's a real black guy right a big black guy named tree
When I was in school fact, there used to be two in the family, but once he was born there was tree
When I was in school though, I knew this girl are complex it. Her first name was Bay
Her middle name was King and you know like Susan powder. That was the last name soda. It was baking powder. Oh my god
All right
Have a day pal a lot of sick people out there. Yes, was it Bobby Moore? No, okay. I don't I don't think so a modern shot
That was the same Bobby Moore his name was uh
Come on
All these guys all these hot shots that changed their name like Lou Alcindor became Karim Abdul Jabbar
Which Howard Costello would never been as big if he didn't have Karim Abdul Jabbar and Muhammad Ali to Haka, China kabar
I mean other than the fact that he was arrogant and egotistical
What that was wrong with Howard Costello who you know was the first one to talk about the jack aqua
See in the term. No, he stole that from somebody else the term, but he talked about it. He unmatched it
He told us that Frank Yiford was a douchebag
And
He was way ahead of his time and seeing exactly what was coming down the pike and here you got it today
Maybe they've destroyed it. They've taken the fun out of it. They've killed it
It was Bobby Moore Bobby Moore like I said, I think it was Bobby Moore. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. Hello, sir
Yes, sir. Hey, you got a line jam with this name. They're smoking it. Yeah
Yeah, by the way first of all happy Chuka. Yeah, I'm on in fact to you and I got five names for you. Okay, five
Okay, yeah, the first one I tried to work in a bank. She was Lakita L-A-K-I-T-A. Lakita
Then we have not two sets of brother names the first set is their Turkish
Urson and Ergen person with ERS UN and their last name is Yulush or Urson Yuluk
Something like that person and Ergen that sounds Swedish
You're done Ergen person and Ergen yet sounds like an old seed probably anti-Semitic too
As the other one no they were cool as the other one was now. I don't know
I know one of them was om god
Like what did he go around talking about? Hey, I'm God and then his brother. I don't remember it was something god
By God, it was good. Yeah, yeah, it was something Neil God. Bye God. Oh, God. Uh-huh. That's all I got sir
Okay, thank you so much sir and God bless you and have a happy whatever you're celebrating okay
And don't too much over the holidays. We have an open line of day. This is really we we touch the raw nerve here today
Do I sense do I detect a little bit of racism in the middle of us?
Why detect it? Oh too bad
No, it's not racism. It's just that we'd be saying that this in fact
I think that made the point I mean tickled at that I brought this up again for the 200th time
And this is the only with the only time we've ever had a response like this on it
I brought it up many times in the past and maybe they were too embarrassed to talk about this
But it is it's like driving a wedge
It's like driving a big fat thick wedge right down the middle between
People who will like have real names and people who don't whether they're white black or whatever
To want to make up some wild crazy stupid names then go ahead
But the rest of us will laugh at you and take you an asshole and probably in some cases be right 1640
It's wrong with that. It's zooming up there like I said we got 20 minutes to get close to 2 grand
And we got 1640 there at the Chevron station on the southeast corner of
University of World Palm
in Coles Springs
1640 never in our wildest dreams that we ever anticipate no that we could do this
So we can get close to another 2 grand today up there
Are we going to hear from Carol? Do you think it's said a one today? No, I think the fact that she is in the front
Even though it seems to be working on this end
I'm at a loss. What do you mean by that? I mean it's but it's not receiving maybe it's only sending it's not receiving the right thing
It's not sending it's very bad
Well, I'm sure she could probably call you too you know what I'm saying 20 to 2 at 5 50 WQM
This is a bunch of hooi
All right
But my heritage say is that's okay change my name to shoot through
Drive a doomsend Dakota any Cadillac
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cars hanging outside
The building there Bob
Drown the blues about father deep white there was got so the I told me it's time
So the bomb is give my number 10 now
Got you go and sell both back
Oh yeah
back
Oh yeah
back
Oh yeah
back
back
Oh yeah
back
Oh yeah
back
Oh yeah
back
Oh yeah
No they wouldn't bother you so
Oh
If I make the sound funny got nothing to do with literacy now I got to make more money
They would pull down good to me. I got plenty of nothing
You're buying a thing getting me anywhere
Maybe I'll mug an old white bitch
Feel the push and pull her hand then I gonna take some money
Serial and a fridge is there
I remember when I was feeling all the white men's cars hanging outside
The building there Bob
Drown the blues out father deep white there was got no child told me
And
I
I
So the bomb is give my number 10 now
Oh
Got to go with no more crack okay
Crack okay
Crack okay
Crack okay
Crack okay
Crack okay
Crack okay
Crack okay
Crack okay
Crack okay
Crack okay
Crack okay
Crack okay
Crack okay
Crack okay
147 to 560 WQM
I can't believe this a crawl springs thing with a center one totals
How's housey and do by the way anybody seen her
No
1660 bucks with 13 minutes ago we could do two grand the crawl springs today
That would be a freaking miracle baby even more exciting than the Virgin Mary apparent on the side of the first national bank building in peoria
What does that say on there? Oh the Mickey work lady. I think that is all probably is let's get rid of her right away
Hello, is this the Mickey work lady
Officer credit is huh
Oh now how do you like that? Can we got a much clearer better copy of that? Okay right in our DCS over here. Offership Prince
Wanted to get his rocks off. Yeah, see there you go. So save the material for us. Okay, sweetheart
Here's a tamara. Hello
Yeah, Neil. Yes, I have a name of a guy a work with his name is Christ
S to see
Christ
S to see S to see and it's right on his birthday. Great. Okay. Thank you. Okay. How about his brother Christ killer
We have an open line and date one and brown or five six seven oh five six you don't forget we got a few minutes here
If you're in the area there is by the Ashabran station University of rural palm
Undergar southeast corner there in Coral Springs
240 bucks more and we'll make two thousand today
That should make the headlines on a front page of all those papers tomorrow, right? No come on
Coral Springs puts itself on a map
Coral Springs is more than just gangs and more than just a bunch of snooty people and more than just a bunch of
Nazis at teravella high school try to whip all those little kids in the shape and make them will be the little goose steppers
Coral Springs is more than that and someday we'll figure out what it is
Here's a mobile in poppano. Hello. Hey Neil good afternoon. Yes, sir. Happy holiday and back to you
And treat things godfather's pizza man was like one of the best wasn't that great
Yeah, you know, there was one on
441 just north of tastery. I think the salvo is in there now right that's right. Yeah. That was a great man
You know something that was the day that godfather's left this town when they packed up in all the franchises closed
I don't know why that was the last gas we had in this place when god
I mean, you know the famous closed and puppet exalco but when godfather's moved out that's today that we knew we lost it
I don't know why because I eat there. I used to eat there a lot, you know, I mean
It was all I wanted to know was always packed. They used to do a land office business. I don't know what I was like
I understand it. I know I saw
I seen the recall that there was some kind of a scandal involving some of the guys with the franchises
Especially that one down in kindle and there was like a whole
Money scandal thing involved with that was like that. I don't know if you liked it with that low jangles chicken
You know, they were down here and it was a big scam and then closed down
But anyway, I didn't know there was a scandal that closed down
I just
Thing there too, but the pizza was great
Oh, jangles you'd never closed down if they just knew all the Jamaicans were coming in
Yeah, yeah, and the second thing
Upon your recommendation. I did try the Tyson strips. Yes. I like them
They're great. I like me something tonight. We have some rice with it and she puts them in at Lee and Perians like sticks off
Right. Oh man
You know, you can do anything with those you can take top up some onion in there
So you put it in the microwave for three minutes. It says four put it in there for three
Then you take it out you chop up some onion there
You put some of that great a cheese to melt on there you pop it back in for another minute and I'm telling you
It's great and it comes also in the bed. Did you get it in the bag or in the little box?
I got it in the bag. Yeah, in the bag you got 18 ounces in there, which is a lot
Well, you have the bag is still gonna have the bag left right I just need to find some papers and it's got the it's got the the seal thing on there
You know the zip lock thing which is great. She just whip out as much as you want to make and it's pretty good
It's like you and the fish food man. I mean you try I that's why I listen to you. You can use such good tips. Yeah
Well, this is only this is a lot better for us fat folks and diabetics to stay right now. I know one other thing
Got a bunch of guys at work with those variations and
One guy's got a name his first name is four-star
He doesn't work the number but there's another guy worked. His name is Dodo. It's why you do D.O. Dodo
Yeah
No, could you on that note? Could you play some farting sounds for me?
Let me just tell us that become a part of history James Jones Charles Manson
Tresh and now this is the man. What's the what's the other one called?
Is it called doh ray? What does that thing call? Oh there it is
So the man who comes dark
Oh, yeah, maybe that's who that guy is. Well, he wanted to hear what?
Then okay 151 at 560 WQ ever we're gonna make that two grand over there. Well, I guess they'll stick around till we get to two grand
We'll want to know why right 1840. Whoo 1840 just about blow my old socks off
Which I don't wear any socks. Maybe that's why 1840 up in Coral Springs for center one today
This has been the greatest goddamn thing since
Hall of A
