the paper a few months ago. They're like they haven't so many other communities or they don't. Why can't he just say?
I'm out. John Harry's got the money when he wants the money on the table now. I'm small for theaters for two million. I had Wayne
Game of the way. Anyway, I'm about to put the being and that's it. See I have a great life. That's all done. The Florida
Marlins to go anywhere. God. I was part of the team that brought him here and I would never ever want to be looked at as
the guy who removed them on here. I would make that assurance on the front end. Do we have an echo? I just you know what I
hear one thing. I just I don't think that was the feasible. Yeah, assurance to make on our behalf on my groups behalf.
So that was that was never our intent. But I want money for a stadium. I was good. It was plausible to make such an assurance before the stadium issue worked itself out. Yeah. So let me ask you
investors and at one time he was going to put some money in the deal and so he knows he knows everything that my book say and what my
projections say and so on and so forth. And it went from it went from making an investment to buying the team. And I have you know John Henry is an honorable man. He
had I not known that about him. I just didn't go through the yellow pages and figure out who's got a net worth of $300 million and end up at his doorstep. I I knew a little bit about him
before I went to see him like he would regret the big bucks. That's how business works though. You know it goes from here to there and all of a sudden you know there's a deal and
there's no ill-fated feelings whatsoever. Good. You're right. We have a level of thank you sandwich to not really consider you didn't let me at this time for dessert. I'm more
can you get a lot of he just get warmed up now our employees and our faintly starts talking about Monica. This whole thing works out the way that that it's been laid out. Then
yeah. Yeah. You know what I'm saying that John Henry. That would be up the John Henry. All I would tell you is that after running the numbers over and I like a little
bit of the walks up to the airport. It was you know me. You're right. I'm a plus decision. I said, oh yeah, you must be very jack as well. Yeah, that's
man. It's a stadium and also tried to feel the competitive team at the same time because I can say you're right. I am a
lot of people. Yeah, well that's only I don't know that's up to him. I mean it's his money. I don't know what is net worth is. I'm
going to answer this question. I don't know what his throat is. I made a comment about John Henry that he's come up
short on a couple occasions. Right. And he was memory he was going to pop bring hockey here. You see. He went on
there. He went to a meeting in Palm Beach. Right. They wanted thirty million. Right. When Ziggler was president. Well, wasn't he
with the Paxon once upon a time. Right. Was that some other boy? He was with Bruce Fry. Well, that's he was and they tried to buy
the dolphins at one point. But but he only had 16 million that he showed up with. And I talk to him today. And here's what I like
about this guy. He said to me, you know, he said I heard what you said and it's justified because I compared him with John
Spano and he said it's justified. He said because I did come up short a couple of times. But and he gave me bank references so people I could
call to check out if I didn't believe he had the money to do this. I know he has the money to do this. So I think this time it could
happen. But but when it was time to put up, he wasn't even even inadvertently the bum information I got it turns out that
you know, in reverse, it really is true because what's mildly as seen as he's out and the door is open and Henry's making the
deal. It's just a matter of making the announcement. It's going to happen. It's a matter of closing. They're meeting today. Right to
discuss stadium issues. In fact, they're meeting while this press conference is going on, which is a good way to keep him out of the
meeting by the way. Yeah. Trying to put a public private deal together. Wayne and I are very sensitive to the fact. You know, we could
patch together the steel. No matter how erroneously it's been reported. Larry Allen. We don't think that that's in the best
interest of everyone. Because if we if we did that. And Mr. Henry goes on his way. And I then go out looking for
public money after some assurances have been made. First of all, I don't think my success rate would be very high. And second of all, you know, Wayne would get
battered again. And we don't want that. We don't want it for our community. It's not healthy. And he certainly doesn't deserve it. I would tell you
me very recently that if you want to get a deal done, we'll get a deal done. But I just didn't think it was fair and
nor did he that as long as this offer is there. To stand in the way of the process. And give it its best chance. I don't get it.
Didn't Wayne say days ago that this money was basically out and he was making the deal with end of the
I heard. I think so. I don't really don't know the timing because I don't really get involved in negotiations. It's really
hyzing a holdings and any other perspective buyer that has come and gone over time. And you know the names, which were so
aggressively reported of people who were players at the time and. And I'm seeing you falling by the way. Very
dealer. I don't believe that. In this in this particular scenario, the proposal. This is she Gordon. His efforts to buy the team
are honest. And I think he will aggressively pursue it. But as I've told people along the way, it's never a deal
until it's a deal. It's never a deal until you close. And we'll just see what happens. I suspect that it will get closed.
So we're clear on this bottom one.
What are these guys are sharp. I think what group.
The they used to be with the hero mouth. The not the hero mouth. The not the hero mouth. The not well said. You know, but that's exactly right. I have non meetings. When you put the two at
non places. But non money on the table and they both add up to 150 million dollars. I don't think my 150 million dollars. His
150 million. As Mr Henry starts. And I don't think it's my 150 million dollars is is in the best interest. This guy hasn't got
150 dollars. And our fans and our organization as his is. He's made some assurances and. You know, we my group. We just what you know, this
valley. It's too good. The summer. What group? The non group when you get with her. Greg Reed. Barry Dilla. Yeah, Pupi Combo. Bb. Ramozo and G Gordon Litty and
Eugene, your Martinez Bernard Barker. It's tough to get comfortable with. I gave it my best shot because you know, this is this is even more working
than we have a grand last time. We go out there every night to win. And I'm the type of person that, you know, I know you can't win
them all. We went. I don't know when we are. We are sharing. We feel the same way about this. But Joe Rose was in the group too. And I would have
we like we have closed this and. Got it done earlier and got it wrote to try to put together a stadium deal. It just
didn't work out that way. But this is record breaking. This guy is really a word to say something that
everybody already knew that could have been set in 30 seconds. I'm out. We buy the game. That's it. And I was full of
crap and we couldn't get a done. That's it. I don't understand the purpose and grateful for the
organizers. This is the sole press conference to me. I don't have any regrets other than back. It was a lot
of hours and a lot of work. Last time on the air. Yeah, doesn't really mean a thing. Everybody knew he was
out of it. A lot of time ago. I've been talking to Wayne about this for a while. Mars Harold had
life to say when I look close to deal. Oh, two to three weeks and Sunsetville will say Wayne's keeping the
big things with Commissioner Ceeley and the most interesting worded story. And yeah, we got a
hand to them. They've had something in their every single day. It was all wrong. There was something in
the game. And finally I knew that either or it may or it may go on forever. And I just
didn't want this potential sale to get bogged down by me. And he's starting to sound like
we don't get us some patchwork deal where it's a Wayne. I haven't seen great in six months. What is
it sound? And just like this. I mean, obviously that a lot of her be in the reception and we would have
been accused of running a potential buyer get away who is willing to do some things. I don't
understand. And that was the effect. He's not. I mean, Wayne is going ahead and negotiate or a Wayne's
guy that Rashana's been doing and negotiating. And they've been meeting almost every day. And I
don't see where they were. I think we're in the opposite of because they just about have the
deal done. And Wayne said two weeks ago that it was no longer a given smiley as much rope as he
couldn't as much time. And I was go up and anybody would show them the money. And that was it. He said
that two weeks ago. You know, I used to work in an advertiser. You know, and they had a secretary
there who had worked for the two founders for years and they fired her. And she refused to leave.
Like three weeks later, she was still in the office. Exactly. That's our baseball team.
Like you may have a press conference every week. Well, I'm dead certain. I got
I'm not sure it depends. It depends on if Mr Henry buys a team or if the sale goes through or
whatever. Not sure. But for sure, general manager, you get general manager duties and so on.
And we hear telling us. There wasn't a John Henry Walker. No.
So we're not that offer. You still be strong enough to go with Wayne not giving me
assurances. Knowing you needed another ballpark. Knowing you needed a public money. Or else you
would have been a big deal. Well, let me start from the last thing you said that that would be
as a last resort. And I think that happens after years. It doesn't hit just happen after six months.
But they answer the basic question. We would continue to put the deal together because we got
to the money. But when these other assurances came in, you know, that just changed things. And
everyone involved that I stepped back and my group steps back and lets this, let's this other
opportunity run its course. No, I would not be standing here today if there wasn't an offer like that out there.
The nine group. Not that I know. But then the members of my group have been extremely loyal.
To the extent that they said, well, if anything happens, you know, just pick up the phone and we'll be there again.
So. But not that I have been changed. I'm sorry. We have no new information on that list.
I'm hearing Rush Limbaugh in my head said a you kneel. Yeah, exactly. Sounds like him.
I'm going to tell you right now if he wants to raise money to buy the team. If he gets so worked
up, it gets real uncomplicated when you have one checkbook to deal with versus getting 15 investors approved.
The Henry's already 1% owner of the New York Yankees. So baseball knows him. I really couldn't tell you.
But I think it's going to be in short order. Our budget year ends October 31st. And I think that for everyone involved, a quick, smooth closing would be in everyone's best interest.
OK, we've been listening to Don Smiley's press conference. Frankly, I can't listen anymore. And I think you already left the building.
We'll move on. Hold the record. It will be worth something. Also, and you know something. I don't think anybody's going to break this record like for about 200 years, if ever.
That's the one of the holding the record. OK, well, let me know where it is. Now go get it. And have a great day. OK, we have an open line in date, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. How much is it worth? I wouldn't give you a nickel for it.
God, it's a lever. I waited 5 60. You know, there are those days when you just look like crap. And he hasn't gone.
Want to go out tonight? No, I've got to help my mom move some furniture. Well, you don't have to worry about that anymore. Not when you use hot chick, fair mone spray. Just one spray with a handy dispenser.
And no matter how crappy you look, anyone who is close enough to smell you will think you're hot. Oh, God, I shouldn't have drank so much last night.
I'm so over my dress. I'm sleeping in the park and doing anything for my hair. Good thing I have hot chick. Hey, Mary boy, you look hot. You busy tonight. Hot chick. It works.
It's 12 minutes after 11 and 5 60 WQM today is the defining day in my life. There's no question about that. I've been doing this for 75 years in this town. And today, even though I'm a slow learner, that's all. That's my excuse. I'm just slow, a little slow on and take like most of you.
And all these stupid highlights and this hockey stuff and I today this mark McGuire. Yeah, that's stuff. Nobody out there cares about that. They don't give a flying crap about that. And like I said, in the first week, the government, the first week, the government, the first week that this is in the sports station. It's basically an illegal gambling station. And that's it.
And a bunch of people sharing this information with these is. So what the hell am I worried about? I never will ever, especially another big hot. He's starting very soon.
I'm the face up. I'm going to be doing that stuff ever again. Okay. With all respect to my dear departed friend Bill, he would never going to be doing that again. Am I?
Because I mean, he's talking about what you're talking about. You're speaking at same Sanskrit that letty. What's his name? Marques is doing. Then we get then we get somebody called up here. Tell me that let me Marques is a great broadcaster. And he's got something.
Here's a four. Here's a four-letter deal. Hello. Good morning, you're. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. Listen, I'm a hot. So you're not alone out here, but you're not alone out here, but you're not alone out here. God, time with this. It's my time with this. It's my time with this stuff for it. It's like talking to Aborigines about pink and.
And this is what I wanted to say about this Mark McGuire thing. Yeah, this makes Wayne Heising look like a genius because everyone forgot about the Marlin. Yeah, that's what Marlins lost again last night.
More 48 and 97. Everyone is so high on this Mark McGuire thing all around the country. They don't give a, you know, everyone forgot about what he did to the Marlins and how we. Yeah, no way. No, but just a minute. Nobody cared about that before Mark McGuire. Yeah, you're right.
But it's like right in the middle of the pack and you have to ask yourself why? Why are these people show it up when this man is basically stuck him right in the.
And they stay don't care. Right. Well, you know, the 12,000 that are, you know, corporate, you know, you got those and it used to be they used to come to number people that went to the turnstown. Now they come to number.
I understand, but still if you're selling tickets sold at the 20,000 average. Yeah, that's like another 8,000 suckers are coming up and buy tickets to see a minor league team. There's just something I can't explain about this place.
There has never been the appropriate response to what Wayne did to a world championship team, either by the media or the so called fans or any. Nobody seems to give a crap.
And now with McGuire, it's like totally out of everyone's mind, even the sports announcer said last night, shall we forget Jim Leeland in the world champion Florida, Marlon?
Does it say, you know, what happened last year is just nothing compared to what this means tonight. Yeah, because this goes over the age. This is like, that's true. This is over the age. This is over years and years and years.
What happened last year? Whoever wins this year, the Marlon will be history. That's right. You know, somebody wins a world series every year except 94 when they didn't bother playing one.
But somebody wins it every year, but it's only 30 or 40 years that somebody does something like this. Exactly. Amen. Amen. Have a good day. And back to you.
Well, there's a guy like Ashley, did I really talk to that guy? I mean, pinch myself, pinch real hard, pinch this because he actually sounded like he knew something.
We have an open line and day one and Broward five six seven, oh five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line that you'd always down a hundred points. And as DAC is down about 10, you know, what we expected.
By the way, anybody buy any stock out there yesterday? Make that market go up to an 80 point. Move. Okay, where we going? But keep buying. Please. Here's a mobile in point and be chill.
Hey, Neil, great game last night. I got my five year old out of bed. Yeah.
I was going to sit one over the wall. I got him out of bed. He was all blessed with what he's like, what's going on? That you're never going to say anything like this. There is your life. Right.
And I explained everything to him. He was all excited about it. You know, I mean, it was just thought you could share with people. Yeah, it was just great. You know, that's what I thought I was going to do when I came into there.
I thought I'd sit down and every line would light up and these people would be on food and pumped up and fired up and pissed off and whatever and they don't give a crack.
Miami's unbelievable. It's like a real town only not as good. No, it's just a big bush league town is all it is. It just it would be like a Geneva, New York only multiplied times a five hundred. That's all.
Exactly. It's like it's like fairfield Ohio. Right. I'm like Lyma Ohio on a bad day. Okay. I enjoyed it. See him. That is kid got to enjoy it. We have an open line and date one and Broward. I'm never playing anymore. That stuff again.
We can bet that the folks would be standing up around all part. I hit the ball with a stick. I can big Mac Land and all over the lower deck. I left the love center.
I hit the ball with your stick. At a boy chip even though the that's bizarre the way that that thing just freaked out from all that over modulation. And it was great because that's all that that was it.
That was the appropriate spot. We don't need to hear that crowd screaming and carrying on because it just waste a lot of good time. Like I said, here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. My name is Juan and I wanted to call. And I wanted to say about the game last night. I watched it. I have ball after that. I don't understand it. I don't get it either.
All right. But you see that old expression about whatever the market will bear if there's somebody. If you've got anything, if you've got an old crinkled up piece of toilet paper and somebody decides it's worth a million dollars to them because they think it's a great work of art.
You'll say here, give me the check and here it is. Thank you and have a nice life. I mean, that's just the way it works. I know I knew a part about that whole deal last night. I mean, it was wonderful. It was great. But the blockbuster commercials all throughout the game. I didn't see that. I watched it. I don't have a dish. I don't have the blockbuster commercials. No, and Mr. Heist. He's got anything to do with blockbuster anymore. He has nothing to do with them anymore.
I thank God. Thank God. I don't follow his. I don't even want to spend three dollars at that blockbuster for a stupid movie Titanic. They're going over with. I thought 500 billion people already seen this movie. That's right. So I'm saying a lot better.
I don't know how I mean, I guess I'm only the fourth person. You're the fourth one. Hey, listen, we'll stick together. They're not going to talk or change our mind. We like to be enjoyed and they're trying to pee on our parade. And God bless us. I'm great. There you go. God bless those of us who care enough to send our very best and all these other party poopers out there. No matter what it is, you fill in the blank. No matter what. Oh, we don't care about that. We don't care about this. Yeah, right. Have a great life. We have an open line and they won dimensional people. In fact, I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal. I think it's a great deal.
We don't have one. We have no dimensional people, which is something new. The QA. Yeah. I are of exploding balls. Okay, thank you. Labor Day was going to be the big change over at the stupid talk network. Whatever happened. Do we know? Mr. Super Talk in the morning, Mr. Super Talk is out in the morning. What's your name? Ever go on in the day? Randy, I didn't knew. Well, let's find out if anybody knows what's going on. If anybody
may be listening to that station, now that we're promoting the hell out of Rick and Sud, you ignorant. What? We have an open line and date five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Here's Hi, Alia with 14 question marks. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. Just wanted to say that this town is hardless. Last night was one of the greatest things I ever saw in my life. So exciting. Ranked up there with
the ripkin hitting his consecutive street. I'm from Toronto. I saw Carter hit the home running in Mitch Williams a few years ago. Right. Fantastic. Yeah. Get your heart going. Goose bumps. Bring tears. Your eyes. Mind me. A Bobby Bonn in 64 scoring the winning goal on a broken
ankle and overtime for leaves in the final game and a stand the cup playoffs. But what are these people know about that? Nothing. Nothing. Just great stuff. And I can't believe that it hasn't
been something that's excited. People everywhere. Not sure. I'm going to tell you something. They've been excited. People all over the world, but not in this
town. I mean the excitement level here. You could drop a pin and hear it. 10 blocks away. I agree. But anyway, it was great for me. My wife's not able to call
but she loved it. She got goose bumps. She turned to me. No wonder you love this game. There's great stuff. Yeah, even if you don't love the game, it was an
exciting moment. I mean, those were all of that. You don't have to be a baseball fan to appreciate that excitement and that
emotion. Right. Okay, pal. Have a good day. See you around. Yeah. Okay. Okay, date County. All three lines in data. Open. Is there anybody in
date who's alive? Anybody feeling the passion? Feeling the heat? Feeling the emotion? Feeling themselves? Feeling their boyfriend? Feeling the
girlfriend? Feeling their achieve anything in date? County. Nothing ever ceases to astonish me in his place. Every single day, like I've
told you for the last 600 years, every day is like the first goddamn day when you sit down here. They could have dropped nuclear weapons on
Raleigh, North Carolina yesterday. The mushroom cloud could be coming over the horizon and these people would still be like, like
that. Five six. I've heard some people blow their nose in my time. But that was a blow job. The likes of it, even, even Monica would have
been embarrassed by okay, Fad Joe. There must have been snot come from parts of his body that we wouldn't even want to
mention the middle of my lunch. Five six seven, oh five 60, 6560 on the mobile one line. Dade the little on the
week side as usual here today because they don't know what we're talking about. Dave County can't figure it out. They don't have no
TV set. They don't have no cable. I sure don't have no satellite dish. They don't read a newspaper. They only read the
funny pages. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. I've got mixed feelings about last night. I mean, I was really happy to see you
know that this this record go to him in 62. But at the same time, I just knew that the owners know they were in the summer going to
start moderating the prices for you know, for the tickets. And now they're just you're not going to do that anymore. I can't afford to take my
family to the game anymore. You know what I'm saying? To me baseball is really enjoyed in this stadium. So you know, on one
hand, I'm really happy the record was broken in the next on the other hand. The prices are going to break me. Yeah. You know, I
understand what you're saying. It's not going to change anything. No, it's not. It's actually I mean, I'm afraid to say I
think it's going to make it worse. I think prices are going to go up. That's right. The guys all of a sudden got to
reprieve the public and leave the public. And like I said, a million times they ought to be taken Sammy and Mark McWayers
pants down and kissing them on both cheeks over and over again because they saved the game. Yeah, they're going to get the fans. Mom and
pop like me. They're going to pop like me. They're going to get my ball. That's not just baseball. That's all sports. That's why there is no
sport anymore. That's why I'm trying to point out this was such a refreshing few minutes of excitement last night with some real
human emotion and some real sincerity as opposed to the rest of it, which is all about only strictly money. I mean, to me, who
was the nicest moment was when he went over to, you know, to Maris's family. That was great. Wasn't that great? That was incredible. Okay, when you love
you show it. Oh, by the way, George, he was had a nice show on Monday. Okay, very nice. Great thing. Well, I said a nice show. We didn't say I see
Europe said because he didn't say it. Great show. Even Sean said not on the year. Yeah, congratulated me. Did he really? Well, if it comes from Sean, I'm going to tell you
something. We could all aspire to be like my friend Sean who's going up there to Chicago and find out what the real world's all
about when he goes up there. I'm going to tell you something, Sean, you're going to have the time of your life out there because you're going to
discover what a real city is all about. Well, real sports are all about what real people are all about. What are real? They call us a world class. You know, every time I hear that, oh, it
world class town. I mean, I see my pants. We got world class illegal aliens world class drugs world class crime world class murder world class
my ass and we also got Pat. If that wasn't all the rest of it wasn't bad enough. We also got Pat. There you go. See it tonight, sweetheart. I'm taking 700 programs tonight because I feel like it. That's why and don't be asking
no questions. They got to get down in their hands and ease and kiss my ass up there at Popping O Park. And she's given me a she's
given me the third degree and the tenth degree and a 500 three. What do you need three for? Because I feel like it. Okay, bitch. God, well, these
meatballs are good. Let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Anyhow, you doing okay. Great moment in sports last night. Yeah, got
it. But I'm excited about how I get on. I know what you wouldn't have excited yet, but I'm starting to ease into it. Yeah, I got to tell
you know who the pants would need to get. Yeah, as far as the goal. I know it's not. I'm listening either Rocky that. Yeah, okay, great. We have an
open line in Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60. How about Terry Sautchoke? Can't feel him to good this week. Let's sign him up. Okay, just string him up in the
net. Be better than what we got. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, why are you done? Okay. I cannot
do. Yeah, don't think people recognize why this is a world class time. It's a world class time. It's a world like the
monitor world, like the monitor world, like the monitor world, like the monitor world class baseball,
right. That's one. That's what that's what that's what that's what that's what that's why they're on it this
morning. I'm coming to work expecting to hear nothing about nothing except the McGuire thing and all
the success. I watch last night and they're talking about they got the guy in there from the Dolphins
trying to pedal these last 4,500 seats so the game doesn't get blacked out. They got to a lot of clock tomorrow. 4,500
unsolved tickets for the bills game on Sunday. That's the kind of sports town. This is in the guy who called me
from Boston yesterday. I hope you're listening on the internet today. You're absolutely correct, sir. This is
sports town like like my dog is a brain surgeon, right? Have a great day. I felt good luck to us all. God bless us all. That's what
I feel God. One said we have an open line and Howard 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
5, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Let's hear it from Mark. Not too much though. Here. Here's a mobile in
homestead. Hello. Hello, Leo. Yes, sir. How's it going? Okay. All right.
I'm listening. My army is full of a lot of tedious people. You know that top lady, that
popular part is going to give you all those papers. How much the cost those programs are? They sell for
two bucks. They must cost them about 35 cents. Exactly. So you know, there's a lot of
tedious things that you go anywhere. You go to a restaurant. You're looking how many
napkins you're taking. How many ports you're taking. How much silver were you stealing? That's right.
Exactly. Putting inside your pocket. How much we lower your stuff into your stack? The first thing
you want to do is you don't pick those in the cold slaw. You're sticking into your purse. Yeah.
Both lads get a little messy in the purse. Yeah. The thing about Mark McWatts is that everybody
doesn't worry about salary. This guy is not what I think people in big fadass move on and Boston
they held him up for they offered him $10 million here. And he said, no big fat ass spook move on.
That's right. We have it open. What? He's a big fat ass spook. Okay. With a bad attitude. If he
was a big fat ass spook like Cecil Fielder, I'd say he's a good guy. But Moffon makes me sick
because he's just a big fat ass spook and I don't like him. Not that I don't like big spooks,
but I just don't like him. You go on and say I mean Brian Cox, there's a big fat ass spook.
I put a like him either. I put a like him either. We have an open line and they what? What is wrong
with that? He's a big fat ass spook. That's Moffon. I don't like him. I can't stand it. He makes me
sick to my stomach. He thinks he thinks he's hot. He thinks he's hot.
Open line here. He's sizzling here like these people mean it. Like these people mean it. Like these
people mean it. Like these people mean it. You are so God being impossible. Okay. Labor Day is coming
on the summers over. It's a Wednesday. It's not a Tuesday pretending to be a Monday. It's a day
when you all got plenty of time on your hand plus whatever else you ought to be washing off
of there. Let's get with it. Rosemary and time. That's what you got out of your hands and maybe a
sitting here and doing this usual. God. Yeah. Rumor says to me. Yes. All you know,
Georgia had a lot of calls there on Monday. I was giving away to him. Yeah. He just gave
away stuff and it was a holiday. Okay. What we do, Rumor? You phony baloney bastard. He says to me.
Culls me on a four o'clock yesterday. Boy, I'm starving. I'm starving. Yes. That's a true God
name story. And he started. He starts fantasizing about Ruth's Chris. I said, well, I hope you have
a nice time. I said the team's coming back. Camp opens this Saturday. Deen will be back in
town pretty soon. He can buy a lunch dinner, whatever you want. I'm sure you cheap bastard.
Cheap Canadian Jew bastard. God. I'm hungry. Okay. Well, great. I'm sure that
thrills got some food and refrigerate over there for you. Go get some and eat and get out of my life.
Go call somebody who wants to talk to you. Pozo. God almighty. Seriously. This is the same guy who
says to me. Ruth's Chris when they give me that card about the meal is free. Well, keep that.
For next time. And now he pretends it's a joke. Man, doesn't even reach into his pocket to pretend
he wants to help pay the tip. That's what a cheap guy. This guy is okay. And he's telling me,
oh, I just remodeled a pool. I did my jacuzzi. I bought this. I'm like, yeah, great. And by the way,
when you're taking me to dinner. Let me tell you about a great place where even Rimmer can afford to
eat there. And that's the pizza loft. You don't want to get afforded eat there because they give it to
him for free. That's right. In fact, that's why he in fact, I should have mentioned that to him last night.
Why don't you go out of the pizza loft you cheap bastard. Jeff will give you free because he
don't know what a cheap skate you are. And you'll be coming back over and over again. But you
folks out there. The QA. The Neil Roger show Fort Lauderdale. This is Bill Dreck. And I listen to Neil.
Out loud. Yeah. Cut to. Oh, this is Bill Dreck. And I listen to Neil. Out loud. Say a little
to my little friend. Oh, God. He the best you want.
She looks like a guy. She's 17 wide. She makes me want to the shrine.
A chick with a. With two smelly.
Uploaded and ugly back.
She wants the lady to stop the music and with the car and ask with songs like this.
But we find that I'm using from that self promoting a great dish.
How much were you paying for Monica's day? I'm in church.
I wish you always leave me alone.
I'm a human being.
You're a fooling. You've had a conscious ugly smelly fit.
You're really that.
Probably double for lines in Dave County. We can't date County. We can't date County. We can't get
to them for a lover money and date. Baby, veteran and doorknale 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line.
Here's a lady in plantation. Hello.
Lady in plantation. Oh, yes, Neil. I've been waiting so long. This is my first call to a talk show.
And I'm I just love to hear your enthusiasm about the St. Louis Cardinals.
I'm not a choir about the St. Louis Cardinals. The Cardinals stink. I'm not enthusiastic.
Well, I know what I mean. You're talking about McGuire. Yeah. He just think it was.
Well, that's in material. Yeah. But anyway, I've been following the St. Louis Cardinals and the
gas house gang since I was 11 years old. Nice sharing from you. Thank you. Okay. We have an open
line of Dave one and Howard 5 6 7 1. What are you laughing about? I'm not going to. This is on every
time no matter what it is. The only people you can hear it like the guy that's giving me
Rogi Vashon with hockey. Okay. People I want to go back a hundred years and talk about the gas.
I got your gas over here. Sweetheart. Get out of here.
Her first and last call every to a talk show we can only pray.
I don't give a crap about the St. Louis Cardinals and dizzy Dean and Daffy Dean and Daffy Duck
and Lenny Mark Martinez or whatever his name is or a luar T. I don't care.
We had an event that took place last night and it seems to have passed by the majority of the
people in the Neil Rogers audience. In fact, I told George during the last break I said,
how about you come on the next two hours and see if you can get the elicit some response out of
these people about the subject. He said don't be. Don't be. Don't be.
Open line a state poison. Satellite poison. Satellite poison. Satellite poison. Do you have any
move? Do you have any move? You left in your push and is left in your push and is left in
your push and is left in your pathetic little body. Fetic little body. Fetic little body. Do you have
a cue? 5 5 6 7. Omifives the next Tommy right now. Let me tell you how to crap where it is.
Just any place. Please, any place. Please, any place. Please, get me out of here. Get me out of here. Please, please, please.
I'm ready to turn to religion. I'm going to go home and pray to God. Any God will to confuse you.
You name it. Here's a mobile in my any. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. These people are unbelievable. They're
beyond description. It's it's it's. Ripley wouldn't believe the people in this town. No, neither would Ripkin.
And that's what I was going to talk about. Ripley Ripkin, yeah. Ripley Ripkin. Same thing.
Now that night that Ripkin did his thing, you know, that was fun. Now it's exciting to laugh.
But not like this. No, there was nothing in the bird of this. And you know, the other big
difference. Ripkin, you knew two years in advance. Oh, well, if he continues to play every
single day, it'll be on this day. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's so everyone.
Yeah. 20 but he was coming. I'm not in that. You know, um, I wonder what this
midwire thing. I mean, that was just the only drawback last night was by the you. I mean, could he have
spoken any of the dead? I didn't I didn't stick around that long. I didn't see it. He's a dead man
in a suit. He's just a dead guy. He's like, he looked at. Yeah. He looked like he was just kind of
standing there. Probably because he was hanging around with Bob Costas and the Costas was telling
us stories about his relationship with Barry Jack Assette hero. It could have been meanwhile,
you've been to the promised land up there in Broward County. What's it look like? What's the
inside of the door? I can't even describe it. You're so beautiful that you're going to cry. If you
cried tears during last night's event, you'll cry a thousand times more tears. It's so beautiful.
I would imagine you're not going to the thing on Saturday because you've already had your private
photo. I'm already not only saw my seat. I had my ass in my seat already. And then you're
right. Something else. It was very comfortable and it's a beautiful place. You'll love it. What
tell me again what session you're in. 101. 101. So that's looking at my little child. I have a
direct center right there. No, I'm right there. No, I'm right there. It's just about. Well,
as I said, red line. Oh, the center red line. Yeah. Well, I do. Other red lines. Oh,
gold lines. Yeah. Okay. All right. How high up? How high up? Just tying out. Perfect. Perfect.
Oh, probably about like, we're 15. Something like that. 17. Something like that. All right. Well,
look for you. Don't be dropping nothing on my seat. Neil. Never good time.
Good time. Okay. Have a great time. Get out of here. Mike Lang Jr. We have an open line.
But I'm not playing no more of those highlights. I'll take to that right now. All the time that I
wasted. Oh, can we hear a little bit of Mike? I love Mike Lang. I love my hockey. But the audience
still give a crap about that. Get out of here. Let's go to a and West Palm Beach. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing today? Great. I got to say, it is your cameo out of life. I had a
tear coming down. Yeah. It's pretty emotional. It's great thing to see. I thought this town would be
like on its ass like every other red-blooded city in America. I bet you even the Tavy in New
York who's having parades, Lee Roy in New York. I bet you they're all foaming at the mouth.
Go. Limit the head. They're so excited from last night. And these people like, why?
Something happened that we don't know about. Yeah. Jesus Christ almighty. Are these people ever
going to transcend their gator and the seminal and hercune droppings? Is that as far as they can go
into their sports lives? It's just a plainly stupid girl school citadel in East Tennessee.
They had to be embarrassed. I think it's just south Florida. It's just the way it is down there.
And then they got these bows. Oh, well, you know, it's no score and eight million points.
They may even forget the girl school. That's a lot of points to score. Well, that's great,
but we'll hold a goddamn ticket for eight for you. But do you know what they say? They just can't
beat that game to me. Yeah, that's right. They're trying. Oh, yes, sir. Oh, hey, George did a great job.
That's what I hear. I'm really let him take over right now and go out and extend
invocation as long as that money keeps blowing. Have a great day, pal. That's right.
George is taking over right now and he's going to talk to you. He's going to talk about that
Mark McGuire night last night, even though he knows nothing about it. I guarantee he'd listen to some
serious, serious response out of this crowd, which I just can't do, which I just can't do. Yes,
I can't do it. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Miami. Hi, how you doing? Okay, sir. All right. Well,
first of all, I don't like baseball. But last night I watched the game. I taped it. It was one of
the best things I ever saw in my life reaction afterwards when he picked up his son when he hugged
the Marist family. Right. That was just it was it was beautiful to watch. And I'm I'm not a baseball
fan whatsoever. But last night if you couldn't get emotionally involved into that, do you have to be
dead? Yeah, you're yeah, and which is what this whole community is evidently. Yeah, but it was
beautiful. It was beautiful watch. And then when they put them in that 62 Corvette at the end, I didn't
see that. And they drove them around. They put his son in the front seat. Now, I mean, it was great.
Drove all around the stadium and he sat on top of the car. I'm going to have to tape keep
roll. I'm going to have to go on and roll. I'm going to have to go on and watch that. Yeah, it was great.
No, I see. Yeah, so I mean, yeah, so I mean, I got that on tape. I got that on tape. You want to watch it.
But I think GM, GM stuck with the whole post game thing too. So much to be on here. I was
there was a big fox and GM. Well, yeah, this was like about an hour after, you know, after the game
after his press conference. Right. He came back out, but it was beautiful. And whoever doesn't like
that didn't watch that they can go to hell. Yeah, they just made miss something great. Okay, pal. I have a
great. All right. Bye. Bye. See there you go. There's a guy. He says it was a good time. I enjoyed it. I'm not saying
this is the end of the goddamn world. I'm not saying it's, you know, the, the resurrection of Jesus or
anything like that. Touchdown. Jesus. There you go. I'm telling you, man, I discovered that shrouded
it to and leave it to leave it to me, man. I'm the one guy in the universe that could come up with
that crap. Touchdown. Jesus. All you Notre Dame assholes out there. I hope they, I hope that every
game they play from now on at birds of paradise dump all their helmets. Okay. With those ugly,
grotesque uniforms of theirs, they make me want to bar. I'd rather, I'd rather root for the guy,
damn, uh, ho, ho, ho, drug. They got a team. What's that bogus school at Rob? Camp? I went to. What was that?
My, my brand. Oh, yeah, brand. I'd rather root for that Jewish school any day of the week than
for Notre Dame. Okay. Bunch of farbicin, a glam over there in South Bend. Ever been in South Bend?
I've been there. Oh, man. You talk about a place. Yeah, that's a compliment. It's 11 past noon.
It's 11 past noon. We had it. Her, her, her to hear you had it here. First, the Marlins have been
sold. Goodbye, Wayne, baby. I have a feeling John Henry finally poning up the cash and John Henry was
a pony, one of the pretty good ones. Poning up the cash. The Marlins have been sold. It's official. We
just got the word from the inside, not from back at the QAM place over on Sheridan Street.
From one of our inside spies, who's got spies within the high pingo organization. The Marlins have
been sold, baby. And on to soon. Good by Florida's team. Nice while it lasted. By relating the
Florida tradition of apathy when we played the game too well. Next season will be held.
Thanks to that Folly Master. Winding about how he lost his lunch money. So he gave you up
like a doug and then. And now you're all gonna leave after what you've achieved to
wear a world series ring. Looks like you're layling. We'll be coaching double air again.
The bean counters don't matter no matter how hard you try. I'd like to see Wayne commit to a side. Jump off
his wallet and die. Good by Florida's team. A darn good thing that you played in day county.
And when the panthers come to their new arena. I wouldn't piece up. If I say. Give them up. Should they ever
win the Stanley. And now you're all gonna leave after what you've achieved to wear a world series ring.
Looks like you're bailing. We'll be coaching double air again. Or they'll be counters don't care no matter how hard you try.
I'd like to see Wayne commit to a side. Jump off his wallet and die.
For the malls are holding a press conference later on. In the meantime they won't answer no
questions. But you can take it right from the horses. That they've been sold John Henry baby.
So now isn't it timing of this rather curious by the way after all these weeks and months and
months and it seems like years of Heming and Hwang and Don Smiley this and this one that. And now
right on the day after all this enthusiasm. Although we don't see any of it here. After all this
euphoria Mark Laguire hits number 62. And all of a sudden we get announced that the Marlins are
being sold by by the Wayne and here comes John Henry and guess what we need a stadium we'd like to
have some public money. You know what the answer should be? No you bet. Two open lines in day five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line. Here's Davy hello. Hey how's it going now? Okay sir.
Well that's great news right after Mark Laguire at 62 on Wayne down here just a matter hours later
and all of a sudden they sell a baseball team on the very next day really interesting to me. That's
a good thing I hope they can turn it around but I tell you um you think we ought to build a stadium for them?
Oh geez I don't know I don't know because I know I I don't know. I love words in your mouth but no okay no
that sounds good to me. Oh no but yesterday it was it was fantastic I tell you in a household
full of Brazilians who were to be watching baseball and uh you're hard you're hard to actually
pumping as he's at the plate you know like they can could this be it could this be the one yeah
and um and for my dad of all people I mean he wouldn't know baseball from a horse ball if he
was holding it in his hand okay and even he was uh was just like taken with it I mean he just
and you know the best part is Ford Frick would be proud I mean this guy did it in one a hundred and
forty four games and a hundred and forty five games and he's what he's been walked like a hundred
and forty times. But he's not a Ford Frick wasn't that they really didn't have to do with the
difference in the number of games it had to do with the fact that Ford Frick was good buddies with
Babe Ruth and he was going to do anything in his power to try to undermine Mirris' record so
yeah that that's what that was all about. So you're right for Kelly there's no way anybody could
put this down except the course for those people where I still got to be screaming about all
the androbo. Oh yeah that's probably one thing they can harp on is oh you see he's taken
Andrew here at the 444 games we wouldn't be able to do it if he did but they're just uh you know
pull a crown. Pull the crown. Pull the crown at the moon you know so but that's uh that's great and
I hope uh Wayne gets out of here quick I hope he sells well I'll just help you out sell the
dolphins but he really hasn't uh short-change them. Well let's hope that the Panthers are next he
says he wants out and let's uh open the door for him and see how fast he can run. All right let's
hope. Okay pal take care. See ya. That's right in fact we're going to call our buddy Chuck over
the subset and we're going to have Chuck Packas Salami sandwich for Wayne. Stadium is only right
up the road there and we're going to have a delivery a courier bring it to Wayne right there on Sunday
during the dolphin game since there'll be a few thousand empty seats maybe the courier can find
us about to sit. Deliver Wayne or Salami salmon. Well Pack your whole bunch of sandwiches
balled on a way out of town have a nice life or not. Here's the lady mobile in deer field hello.
Hello. Yes man. Hi okay I'm a lady that watched that game and I had
turned up and down my spine. It was great. Only took my 20 minutes. Yeah. It was great to it's great
to have something to have children to look up to. Right. Because this is a men's. This man is a
men's. I agree. And the guy in the whole thing we like. I knew just now was terrific too. Right now
I don't have to give up my seats. Okay maybe you can pack a sandwich too. Okay have a great day
sweetheart. Bye bye. Okay we have an open line and day one and Broward. Oh geez I'm blowing
smoke all over the place here. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Okay Mark the
wire hits number 62 the marlins are being sold at John Henry. They're dropping nuclear weapons on
Key West. There are five million illegal aliens coming on board all have little brown toy odors
with them inflatable toy odors. Anybody got anything to say about those things? No. Okay let's move on.
How about men's nipples? Anybody got it? No. No nipples? How about nipple rings? How about giving us a
ring? Here's a mobile in Miami Beach. Hello. Yes sir. It's beyond the I think the race. Hey
is about ready to start the you know him breaking the record you know it's incredible and everything
but I think the race between him and sauce is just getting ready to heat up. I don't. Right. You
don't think? No I think your Sammy's going into a little bit of a funk. He's not looking good at
the play. He's swinging at bad pitches right now. He's going into a little bit of a slump in McGuire.
He's losing contact with him you know. Yeah I think McGuire is going to win it but you know I think
about 69 to 65 how does that sound? Well I mean you know Sammy is you and the month of June I believe
he has 20. He can heat up any moment. I mean that's true and of course how would it be if he
winds up hitting 65 home runs and he's kind of like an actor thought that would be pretty pathetic.
I don't think so. I think he had a lot to do with this home run. Yeah I'm sure I love the way
to St. Louis fans treated him last night wasn't that great? That was great and those two teams are
real rivals there you know. That's right but those are real sports fans. All right.
Oh we have the two open lines in date five. He said let's get that Parkmark mother.
Karate here's what he said now what the hell's wrong with that? I say all right amen.
Two open lines in Dave County 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pop 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
There's good news tonight. Here's a Libby and Hollywood hello. Hello. Yes ma'am. Hi there.
I'm going to you every single day and my mother is 74 and she listens to you also.
I also like the game last night. I think it did a jump start for some of us down here.
We're all kind of disappointed about Wayne but we have good news. Yeah we have great news.
That's wonderful. They're truly sold. Yes. You think he'll absolutely positively.
You think he'll build a stadium? Well he's got nothing to do with it. Oh no. No.
Well John Henry who's got lots and lots of money and Henry has already said that if he
has to use his own funds he would prefer to get some public funding to which I would say no
but if he has to use his own funds he might go ahead and build a stadium anyway.
Well that's proud. Which is the only way he'll ever make any money with it.
Yeah that's probably true but I love you you are hilarious and I agree with almost everything
you say. God bless you. Thanks. Bye. Okay two open lines in date one and powered 5 6 7 all
out. See we got the illegal aliens the nuclear weapons the marlins have been sold mark
with wear 62 what else. We just declared war on Russia. We're dropping nuclear weapons on
Moscow as I speak. We're marching across the illusion islands to Siberia. Anybody concerned
about that? No. Okay thank you. The market's down 92 points concerned about. No. Okay.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing? What a game last
thing. Beautiful. I cry. I haven't cried in a long time. Yeah. They do. They're not crying
today. I'll tell you that. This audience is not gonna make me cry. Let me ask you. Do you think
wing high finger cry like I did? No. No. He's crying all the way to the bank.
No don't you remember what he said a couple of weeks ago he doesn't understand why people
are really sports fans. He said he made that comment. He doesn't get it. You know the minute that
they he had a home run and everybody was crying and celebrating that the first thing that they
came to my mind was I wonder how how wing high finger is feeling right now. Yeah. He will probably
visit counting money. Have a great day amigo. Date counties wide open all three lines in date.
Quiet as a church mouse. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and 5 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Pop it OB.
Chill. What the owners have been trying to destroy through greed and the players who
prostitute and yourself just for money. No no team loyalty. Yeah. That I think that
mark my choir has almost promised even and I hope it keeps going in that direction. Okay and
send Wayne a sandwich. Don't forget. Have a great day pal. Everybody get out the saran wrap. We're
all headed mother. Sure. We have an open line and date one and brown. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the
18 T wireless line as the apathy continues here. Unavated is that continue pounding and squeezing
and begging and pleading and getting on my knees like Monica and doing everything in my power.
Do we listen to some kind of emotional or other response even on emotional response from a
dead or then a goddamn door nailed place. I'm begging you if there's anybody listening on the
internet right now anywhere in the free world. Please send us a rubber raft send us something.
Please get us out of here immediately if not sooner. Give me my airline book. Okay.
The one that's got all the flights scheduled to anywhere in the world and even some places out of
this world. No you don't have them here. I got them at home believe me and right there on a coffee
table. I got all your that's right piled up like this. I got a stack of tickets from here to
Uranus man. I got those days locked in. I can't remember what my name is but I got those dates and
times and the flight numbers locked right into my brain. Here's a mobile in Lake Worth. Hello.
Mobile in Lake Worth. Hello. Yes sir. I am. This phone system blows. Oh sorry about that.
That's okay. Not your fault. It's because Greg Reed is a cheap prick. Go ahead sir.
Listen that last night home run was was unbelievable. My kids were watching it. Yeah.
Unfortunately they come up to me and say dad what is this steroids that he's making.
I told him listen that's nothing you know I just terrible. The kids don't understand what they're
talking about and they make him out. Nothing that he's doing something wrong. I told my kids you
can go anywhere. It's a shame that they had to bring any of that. That's right. So assholes all
those sports writers and people like D.Fo wouldn't have been talking about that crap
than none of these kids would know about it in the first place because it doesn't amount to a
people in the snow. All right now I was at the world series last year because it is you know what?
I really didn't want to I didn't go back to any games this year. Yeah and I was really out of
baseball until this was wired. That's right. That's the only thing that kept me in baseball again.
I think that's the biggest of a lot of trouble. Amen. Have a great day pal. Okay. God bless you
Mark McGougill and McDonald McGougill. Well whatever your name is. We have an open line in
Broward 56705 ST on E560 on E8T and T line 1227 at 56. The man who brought some joy back to America
except for South Florida where joy is an illegal word. Isn't there. Hey when you think
Q a.m. your South Florida home for the Florida State Seminole's again this year. Join Gene Decker
Haft for the play by play right here Saturday the Noles take on North Carolina State
game time 3 30 on sports radio 5 60 Q a.m. Brackham pal it damn they're killed him. I'm going to tell
you something right now and you can mark it down. If Broward County would change their mind and decide
they wanted to build this facility I will not play here because I will not have you guys looking at
me for the next 10 years saying here's the guy that said one thing I went out and did something else.
I don't want to give you a kiss.
He's going to play him a place.
16 and 3 16 so never public by the way.
you
just don't want to stop the way.
Yeah, we're sick of this.
So Wayne High Pinguis sells the mallens that's one down
and two to go.
That's for you, Wayne.
This one is for you.
And this one too.
And here's another one.
And here's a couple of more.
Just in case you don't get the message.
Ballton is geek.
Don't understand.
And I'll come people don't like him anymore.
I'll come they boot him opening day
because you keep screwing everybody in the back.
Okay, Baldi, that's why.
How's that panthers dot coming by the way?
How those hotels here is coming?
How's all that money that you and your cronies
putting your pocket from a petal in those hotels
back to the corporation?
How's that coming?
Yeah.
Poor baby.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, you have to enjoy my guard today
because he's going to die soon
with all the men made, all those he's taking.
Uh-huh.
Okay, thank you all the man made homos.
We have an open line and date five.
There's another great positive call for you.
Go back to whatever banana boat island you came off.
Okay, pal?
I have no idea where you came from.
But we'll send you a fact.
Take some of the sandwiches we were packing for Wayne.
We got plenty more cold cuts over there and sent them to this guy.
Put them on a goddamn bus.
Not easy to get to an island by bus,
but in this case, we'll make an exception for this ass hole.
Okay.
He's an asshole.
Right.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Uncle.
Hello, man.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Can you believe these people?
Oh, yes.
I believe I go through this every day of my life.
I know.
I feel for you.
Listen, I just didn't do anything.
Can you tell me in on what's going on?
With what?
The Marlins have been sold.
They're going to be holding a press conference later on.
John Henry obviously is the buyer since the Don Smiley has been out of this for a long time.
And that's it.
You think Hank will carry the press conference?
Yeah, I'm sure we will if it's during a show and obviously will be.
Okay, great.
Listen, one more thing.
I just got my girlfriend to tune in to you.
Yes, sir.
He loved you.
All right.
God bless her.
Stay there now.
You too.
See it.
There you go.
How do you like that?
All you got to tell these young ladies, you got to try new things.
And I know sometimes that works.
Sometimes they don't.
We have two open lines in Dade County, 5667-0560, 05-560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Goodbye, Wayne and the Marlins.
It means John Henry who's got a few bucks.
And it's interested, by the way, of course.
I don't want to pre-judge because we already just like the song said about Wayne in the beginning.
We thought he was Santa Claus.
But John Henry, unlike Don Smiley who wanted to run his scaled down bull crap, a single A minor league ball club,
and expect to build it up over the next 500 years, which nobody would go to.
And he was telling us nobody would go there.
Nobody wants that.
John Henry says if he breaks even he'll be real happy.
He's not getting this because of the money.
He wants to make a real commitment to South Florida.
And maybe we'll pony up a few bucks here there for a state in which I have my doubts, but nevertheless.
But at least here's a guy who hopefully has got some better intentions instead of having us be the laughing stock of the whole goddamn country.
All we ought to be used to it by now.
Here's a mobile in Boynton Beach.
Hey, what's going on?
Yes, sir.
Listen, I want to change the topic here a little bit.
I want to talk about, I remember last year when Marino was struggling a little bit.
Okay, right. He said they were talking about Dan Marino.
That's right.
And they're just hoping right now he stays healthy because they know that Craig Ererson blows.
And I've told you that Craig Ererson blows.
Why does Craig Ererson blow?
You might ask the question because we all know where he went to school.
I'll record.
I'm going to blow.
Why should he be any different?
He ain't no geo to redder.
By the way, they had some guy who's 25 years old on the U of M football squad.
He says, oh, this is nothing.
There's somebody on the FSU squad 27.
Playing college football.
Well, he's an 18th year senior.
And he was red-shirted and green-shirted and white-shirted and no-shirted and undershirted.
And now he's like 45 years old.
Like, do you know who Thoreta was when he was here?
See, that's why you know, could make it in the NFL because by the time he got out of U of M, he was like 76.
Here's a call from San Juan.
A meal.
Yes, sir.
How the heck are you?
How the hell am I?
I wasn't sure if I could say that.
Sure. I'm pretty good.
Damn good.
Yeah, it's costing me a lot of money to call you.
So I got a lot to say.
And then when we finish, can you put me in hold that one a little bit?
Okay, a little bit.
I don't have a computer.
I can't get you on the internet, man.
Okay.
I'm going to buy one, but I moved from there in June for, you know, I had it for a contract.
It's going to be up at the end of this month.
I'm going back.
But I'm going to go again.
You don't want to come back here.
Oh, God.
No, it's trying to get starts pretty bad here.
It starts pretty bad here.
It starts pretty bad here.
It starts pretty bad here too.
The people are crazy here.
I mean, nothing of, again, it's anybody but in Jericho.
Yeah, man.
It drives like animals and...
Well, you know, it feels right at home then.
And it's just congested.
It's like, you know, there's a lot of people here.
It sounds like caracas.
And it's just, you know, not the climate isn't as much as Miami and not that, but it's just...
It's just a total of different worlds, like a very real country.
And it takes a lot longer to kill people with switchplates than it does with trading.
Yeah, it's really frustrating.
Well, what's up with you?
I mean, can you tell me a little bit what's been going on over there?
I've been out in the dark there.
What's going on over here?
Doffins won a game.
We've got 4,500 unsolved seats for Sunday.
And they're on here this morning begging for people to buy the seats.
So the game doesn't get blacked out.
Mark McGuire hits number 62 last night.
The people down here, they couldn't give a crap less.
Now, who did the office play this Sunday?
And what's going on?
They're playing the Buffalo Bills.
And it's not sold out.
I can't believe it.
4,500 unsolved tickets.
What do I have like that?
I'll see it over here because I got a sports bar here that has a satellite.
I'll get it.
But I can't believe that.
Believe it.
Well, that's just playing over here.
And it's going to change the thing.
And Wayne just sold the marlins.
How do you like that?
Wayne just...
The sale of the marlins will be announced this afternoon.
It's official.
Finally.
John Henry be buying the marlins.
Who's John Henry?
He's a God with a lot of money.
Oh!
But why happened to Smiley?
Not Smiley, small potatoes.
He's like a...
Tataglia and a Godfather.
He's small potatoes.
Hey, I missed you, man.
You know that?
I'm not gay, but I miss it really.
Well, you don't have to be gay to miss this show.
As I'm believing in health.
When you're talking about...
When you're talking about health, I want to hear a prison bitch.
I want to hear...
Hang on, yeah, okay.
How about a dial tone sounds good to me?
Okay, we have an open line in the date.
How come I couldn't hear rid of him?
I'm putting there...
There he goes.
To open lines in date five.
Well, he starts making 500 to request.
Put me on hold and I want to hear this.
I want to hear that.
Get out of here.
That dial tone is free.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Anybody want to pony up some public funds for John Henry
to build a new stadium?
Do we care?
Are we that sucked in by this Mark McWire thing?
To now spend public funds to build a new stadium
to keep the marlins in town?
No.
You know when you're looking at them.
Buffalo, but we're going to kick it tonight.
Kick it tonight.
Kick it tonight.
Buffalo, but we're going to kick it tonight.
I'm Jim Kelly by the corons.
Oi!
Did your mother ever trust and brightest?
Did your father ever tell you that if you put your mind to it,
you could accomplish anything you want?
Did your older sister ever come home from college crying her eyes out?
Because the world was unfair and she was stuck in a rut.
Well, she was the only person in your family
that wasn't full of a big old barrel of shit.
The world is tough.
And chances are you aren't the best or the brightest.
And when you put your mind to things, you still come up short.
To get ahead in this world, you need to cheat, lie, steal, or get rest in plants.
You need every little edge you can get in this rat race you call life.
This message brought to you by the Society of Realists
who would like to remind you that a BJ isn't a bad way to apply for a new job.
Okay, it works around here.
I'm sure at 1244 at 560 WQA.
And by the way, was that Al Rogers on Line 5 that I just cut off?
He's an asshole.
Yeah, that's why I cut him off.
Open Line, and date one and Broward, 567-0560,
pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Poor Lauderdale, hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
You ought to send Wayne a royalty check.
If it weren't for bitching about him, you'd lose half the content of your show.
Uh-huh, well, I'm glad you can quote chapter in verse everything I talk about.
That's good. We like loyal listeners like you, sir.
Well, your show's kind of like a car wreck.
I can't help it.
That's good.
I'm glad to keep for a spin and the rubber neck in a two, okay, pal?
We have an open line at Broward, 560.
How did I survive all those years before Wayne came to town?
Oh, my God.
How did I manage to survive all those years before we ever even heard of this bald-headed garbage
peddler?
I've always got some excuse.
You have a warrant for this?
A warrant for that.
I talk about whatever's going on, okay, pal?
And believe you, me, Wayne is what's going on, unfortunately.
Released in part has been going on, but maybe we're finally getting rid of his ass, at least in part.
Maybe about half of his...
Reckoom's on a way out.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil.
My name's Teresa, and my husband is a big sports fan, and he used to turn you on, so I would listen.
And he got me kind of addicted to you.
He used to turn me on?
You are.
You know what I mean.
Anyway, he's taking me to Celine Dion in the new stadium.
Oh, God.
Is it really going to love it?
Oh, you're going to love the stadium.
You all like Celine Dion.
She's pathetic.
Tess, grotesque.
Really?
Oh.
Well, what makes you say that?
She just did.
That's just my opinion.
She makes me nauseous.
I want to vana when I hear her name.
And if I have to hear one more note of any song coming in there, get out of here with her.
From that Titanic with that little faggot in there, I can't stand it.
But I hope you love it.
It's a great place.
Thank you very much, Neil.
It's a great talk.
Say hi to Leo.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
I was Leo doing, but...
Oh, and it was the thing on one of the tabloids, so you know it must be true.
About how the cops were called because the neighbors were complaining they were having a big orgy in his hotel suite.
And who the hell was having an orgy right out there in the balcony?
You know, they got all these chicks that keep coming over there.
There was lesbians having a orgy out on there.
No Leo to be seen anywhere.
I wonder who he was inside with.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, right.
All this phony baloney bull crap.
Oh, well, Leo has been in there.
He's going with this one.
And he's got more beards than God damn what's his name?
Whoever's got a beer.
Then Luciano Pavarotti.
He's got a big one and a beer too.
Can't sing a note anymore.
In fact, he's even worse than Andrea Bocellina.
If they just show Andrea the way to the goddamn mic.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Leo.
It's over here, Andrea.
Yes, sir.
We got back from Vegas this morning.
All right.
First time.
Made a mistake you go into the buffet, though.
Wouldn't recommend them.
Why not?
Well, I had to run to the bathroom before I even finished the meal.
Yeah.
I'd like to be in a business through the line.
But I'm just wondering if you knew why all the people that go walk through the casino go like half a mile an hour.
Kind of get days and confused.
Yeah.
I'm not coming to head.
Can't walk through there.
What are you saying?
You had a bad time in Vegas.
It's not a great time.
It's just I'm trying to walk through the casino and everybody's just going to...
Well, that's because the land of the lost don't you understand?
They're looking around.
They get like the first time I went to the MGM Grand the day that it opened.
And I had vertigo, man.
I'm like, I kept getting lost and I kept looking up at the sign to try to find some landmark.
How the hell I get out of here when I'm ready.
It's not easy.
Yep.
How'd it go?
Well, welcome back to a deadly place, pal.
Thank you, Mike.
Okay, you're welcome.
We have an open line in day five, six, seven.
How's that mark with Warrie doing?
You can bet to the folks that he's standing at.
What's up?
But especially those TV stormy, less field.
He knows her dad had big mancland and all over the lower deck and less the less center of it.
Come on, Chip, let's do it.
Let's show that Fox wanted to all of us.
Let's take that off.
And rock it deep.
He did it.
He did it.
He did it.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, rock.
There you go.
Short and sweet.
Open line in Dave County, five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Poor Jack Buckman.
This guy's going out like a fool on KMOX.
Who's doing the radio games with his son Joe Buckwood.
Joe's okay, but he blew the call last night.
But they had the jackfuck on here on the G and telecast.
Oh, my God.
This guy is either a pie-eyed.
He's like stone out of his mind.
Totally senile.
Totally senile.
I mean, even Harry and his final days were sensational compared to poor jack Buck.
He's like slurring his word all over the place.
Nice going, Jack.
Jack Buckman and Rochester Redways, 1952.
Let's hear it.
Tom Decker.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes.
Whatever happened to guy you used to always have on the musical Gilbert.
You ever know when you come about Gilbert?
Who?
Gilbert.
Never heard of him.
He was always on your program.
Doing what?
Why do you want to be sex?
You want to date?
Okay, we have an open line and date one in power.
Oh, God.
God, it's almost one o'clock.
I thought it was almost two o'clock.
Oh, my God.
I just looked up at the clock and my whole life started spinning right in front of my eyes.
I thought it was like a leaven till two.
Not 11 till uno.
Oh, Jesus.
I feel like I sat down here like only what?
17, 18 days ago.
Man, oh man, drawn and quartered would be a tremendous enjoyment compared to this.
Opening in date, County.
Come on, let's go.
Let's get with the program.
Let's hear all these enthusiastic people.
Let's have a reflect this out for the way this sell in the Marley.
Martin McGuire, Big Mac hit 62.
Life is sweet.
The market's only down 114 points.
All right, let's hear it.
Here's the leading crawlsprings.
Hello.
I know.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm a fludging sports journalist myself and watching Mark McGuire hit 62 last night and then his
tribute to the Mara family was just beautiful.
And that's what baseball is about and what it should be about.
That's what it used to be about, yeah.
What it used to be about.
And that's what it should be about today.
And the kids giving back the balls down here.
This million dollars for a ball that should be in the Hall of Fame is ridiculous.
And I'm glad it bounced back into the field.
Oh, that was the best part of the whole thing.
Not then, back out of the field.
The bounce underneath and the grounds created it.
And you could see him during the thing rang up to him and say, here's your ball back.
Right, that was great.
And as for public funds for a new stadium for the Mara and Justice ridiculous because they can't fill the stadium.
That's your guy.
Oh, that's right.
You can't fill the stadium.
And especially they want to build it down there and down in Miami again.
And everything they're going to stick over there in Miami so we can stick some more money in Mickey Erison's pocket.
What the hell?
How do they want to go to Miami?
I don't know.
He's put the new they put the new hockey arena up there and powered because nobody wants to go to Miami.
What the hell do we need a stadium in Miami for?
I'm afraid to go to a new game.
I don't blame you.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
Into a brick wall.
Into a brick wall.
At the old brick yard with Jim Gordon.
How's he doing? Jeff Gordon.
What?
A little male Allen.
No. He's dead.
No. He's dead.
No.
He's dead.
Remember how's Ralph Kiner doing?
Anybody know?
No.
How's that the Mel Tinkerbell's palsy coming?
No.
I think that we ought to go back to country music is what I say.
You got the bumper sticker sport?
Country K, baby.
Because there are those sports fans in his town.
That's right.
Here we go.
Let's hear it.
Let's start winning and picking it, baby.
Pickin' til I think leads all over.
Oh.
Very good.
That was great.
It's 11, 10, it's 9, isn't it?
It's a little before one on homicide.
I thought it was a little before dose.
Do it.
Remember Thomas E. Do it your way?
In QA, yeah.
Why don't you go back to New York, you're a walk bastard.
A blow-up sheep, all of a sudden they all came back.
Here's Papa O.B.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'll get a cock fight last night.
I got a pub arise.
Uh-huh.
And doesn't the mark of the choir have a wife?
Yes.
You must show anything like that.
Yes, he does.
And I love O.J.
And I love O.J.
Yeah, okay, great.
Okay, we have an open line in the day.
We're not interested in what you drink for breakfast.
Okay, pal?
One in Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pond 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in South Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, you keep saying nobody cares.
Nobody cares.
What are you basing that on?
I'm basing on listening for the last three hours and four minutes to make a caponate of lack of interest.
That's what I'm basing it on.
It's not everybody in Miami, listen to your show.
I'm talking about the people in this audience and the people here on the rest of the station, sir.
I want to think there's a lot of people in Miami to do care with it on the front page of the Harold today.
Yes, sir.
And it was on the front page of the sunset.
And there were other major news.
That doesn't mean people care about it.
There's a lot of stuff that's on the front page of the paper and people there couldn't give a crap less.
Well, a lot of people don't care about hockey.
Yeah.
And what does that have to do with it?
Who's talking about hockey?
You are.
No, you are, asshole.
We have an open line in Broward.
5, 6, 7, who else talking about hockey here today?
I'm the paper.
Plenty of miterro.
The bell is cracked.
Guys, hallucinating, man.
He's having a good vibration somewhere.
Probably deep inside his open line in Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
0, 5, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
See these people?
I'll think they're so cute.
I'm going to call up and get him really worked up.
Like, what a hell do I give a crap?
I get a big fat check here every couple of weeks,
which, by the way, tomorrow, to be paid.
Actually, if they were in argue or teah that check is sitting up there in Miriam's thing right now,
I guarantee you that.
It's the ninth, but they're going to make me wait till the tenth,
because today is 9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 8.
Joe Castello reminds us.
Was Joe ever going to stop picking on Port Robert?
No.
How about Lenny?
No.
Well, listen, he might as well not stop picking.
He gets the blame for it.
Joe and Tommy over there, they get to blame making $3.75 an hour.
They get blamed for the fact these crappy spots are on the air.
With people that can't even speak the language, let me say it again.
It all goes right back to the top.
The program director, the sales manager, the general manager.
It all goes back not going to bad management, but no management.
Nobody is in charge.
That's why we don't even have a schedule for this week.
Hangs on from 2 to 6.
I assume from Shulis since it's Wednesday.
And after that, who knows?
I know we got a Marlins game, I guess tonight.
Marlins have been sold.
Thank God.
We know who's on from 6 to 8 or 8, whenever.
No, no, we don't.
What the hell was that?
West Thundering and Lightning, like the end of the world out there.
All right.
There we go.
Jim Mommage.
Huh?
Jim Mandage.
Jim Mandage is on.
Yeah!
There you go.
Yeah!
He didn't go to that crappy Michigan school that couldn't tackle my grandmother, did he?
Yeah!
Yeah!
All right.
Love that mad dog.
Let's go to a crawlgabal.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Is that a Marlinsale thing straight up?
Is that a real...
Straight up?
Oh, really?
Straight as it gets.
Maybe a little curved on the end, but it's straight up.
That's great.
I just was going to mention that last night on the ABC News, they were saying how there was actually a guy in the Negro baseball league.
It's 72 home runs in 19, when I was third up.
In the sports league, yeah.
And so they're saying, you know, that...
Well, how come we don't hear about that?
Probably because nobody gives a crap about the sports or baseball league.
Well, it could be, right?
Yeah.
But they were disappointed.
And not only that, but they were probably hitting like watermelons and stuff like that.
They didn't have no real baseballs.
Right, right, right.
They were probably whacking golf balls.
Could be.
In fact, you know those special balls, the special mark balls that McGuire, when he came every time he came up to bat.
Which I didn't know about until somebody called yesterday, and I noticed it last night.
They had golf balls inside.
But anyway.
I was going to say about the whole thing with Clinton and this misconduct and how it's so harmful to everyone.
Yeah, I know her misconduct, yeah.
Yeah, I mean, I don't know why Reagan falling asleep during meetings on policy matters and all that.
Isn't more harmful than Clinton having, you know, consensual sex with somebody.
And not only that, but doesn't it strike you as very odd?
It was the 17th of August that day he came on that night and made that rather ineffectual speech of his.
Right.
And here it's like almost a month later now.
And for the days and weeks that followed that, nobody was saying much of anything.
And all of a sudden, that's getting starting to get real close to election time.
All these people, including his fellow Democrats, are pinging their pants.
Oh, this is outrageous.
And of course, because they know that with the leaks, you know, there's going to be nothing in Ken's stars report.
They've already leaked this.
Nothing about white water, which is what the investigation was originally all about.
Nothing about file gate, nothing about travel gate, nothing about the bill gates, nothing about any other.
It's all about Monica Lewinsky and his screwing around and lying about it like everybody else does.
And you're also the only person who keeps pointing out that she actively pursued and mitigated everything.
Absolutely right.
There's no question about it.
She's told all her friends, anybody who listened that she went out there with her presidential knee pad.
She went there.
She flirted with them.
She wore a scanty clothing.
She did everything under her power to get his attention, which didn't take much.
And she's being portrayed as this innocent victim.
And she should apologize to her.
She should apologize to the whole world for what she's put us through because she's a bitch with a big mouth.
Absolutely correct.
God bless you, sir.
You're right.
Have a great life.
Josh Gibson hit 84 in the Negro League.
Thank you, Donnie.
You see, I hate to break the news to you, Donnie.
Be you're a good guy, even without your condoms.
But, you know, nobody cares.
We care about Bob Gibson.
Do we give a hoot about who Gibson?
Yeah, we cared about him.
But we don't care about what was it again.
I see our forgot.
I don't say it again.
I already forgot.
Just in a matter of moments, we care about Thurman Gibson.
He used to be a big fat borer back in the days when championship bowling was big on TV.
We don't give a crap about Gibson.
Some old sparts are okay.
We don't care.
If you want to do sports trivia, do it on your own talk and baseball show, Donnie.
Be because guess what?
Nobody cares about the old sparts.
A league and nobody cares about the Marlins either.
Now they've been sold.
Open line in Dave County, 5.6705.60
and pound 5.60 on the Mobile One Line.
Now it's done 109.
NASDAQ's down 16.49.
There you go.
If you're a f-
Hey, help.
Oh, God, Neil.
As a take off my pajamas, there are rug burns on my knees.
Susanna, that's my horny wife.
She's waiting anxiously.
I popped a pill and I'll sit back and watch that sucker grow.
Thanks to modern medicine, it's an exxrated show.
Oh, my head grows, it's the only thing for me.
Cause once I couldn't get it up, now I have a big wee wee.
Now I'm getting lots of sex at night, thanks to that pill.
My wife screams out by a grunt when I'm going in for the kill.
I'm not ashamed to admit my wife she takes it to.
Her little laser tripled these, I swear her boobies grew.
Oh, my head grows, it's the only thing for me.
Cause once I couldn't get it up, now it hangs way past my knees.
Okay, 1-13 and 5-16 WQM.
We have a 2 o'clock ride of the press conference.
They weren't going to interrupt this show, I guarantee you that.
Plus they're going to do it at the beginning of Hank show.
So that, you know, there'll be something for you to chew on for the next 8 million hours.
The Marlins are having a press conference in two to an outside wane.
It's all the team to John Henry.
We have an open line in date, 5-6-7-0-5-60.
Of course, George knows all about John Henry the racehorse.
There's something George can sink his teeth into.
Didn't he use to pile drive in the railroad?
He had piles?
Okay, let's go ahead and maybe that's why they retired him.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Okay, now that the record's broken, which one do you think is going to be more difficult?
How about the Magistrate record?
Do you think they're going to be more difficult on this?
No one's going to break it.
You don't think nobody will get that.
I understand correct me if I wrong.
That after he went out without hits that day, he went about 20 or 22 more games.
That's the last time he went out.
I mean, afterward, yeah.
Boy, what I mean.
But you see, I mean, I realized that there are other records, some of which may never be broken, but none of them are as romantic as glorified as the home run record.
I mean, there's something I've got a home run.
It's like immediate and thrilling and exciting, and that's the ultimate, you know?
Yeah, and you know, let's talk about the rules and all that.
He's still going to have a bunch of records.
He's going to be the first one that bought 60 from the Marys.
He's going to be the one that bought 61.
Yeah.
And my wife is going to be the king now.
And I probably broke by the energy career.
I probably going to have more home runs that all of them put together.
No, I don't think so.
Or maybe not.
Or maybe not.
Okay.
I'll guarantee you, Ruth and Marys will not lose any sleepover.
Oh, I don't think so.
Okay.
Have a great day, amigo.
Okay, we have two open lines, and date 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Pompano.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
No, it's not a sir.
It's a man.
Yes, ma'am.
This is Carol.
From Pompano.
First time caller.
First time listener.
Uh-huh.
Yes.
Hi.
How are you doing?
I'm okay, Carol.
Good.
Though my husband listens to you every day, so he'd come home for lunch and told me to listen to it and give you a call.
I am not a baseball fan.
Uh-huh.
But last night, I've been watching this for the last four or five nights, and I thought it was beautiful because it made history.
Mm-hmm.
I took time out to set and watch it.
Well, God bless you, Carol.
Thank God for you, and otherwise a desolate place.
Wow, you're right.
It's true.
And then also, I'm originally from Indiana.
Well, I would also love to see the Cubs get in there and get it.
Uh-huh.
I'd like to see that Dan Burton get it, too, you know?
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Have a great day, Carol.
You too, and thanks a lot for that.
Thank you so much, you bet.
By the way, I also want a front page of the paper.
A Western stabbing victim was no fight of that 18-year-old kid that got stabbed to death in a church parking lot in Davy.
That's on the front page.
Does anybody care about that?
No.
Clinton supports Charles McCain to a tight corner by buddy Nevin's, the anxious buddy.
Does anybody care about that?
No.
That's on the front page.
See, this guy's giving me a song of dance because the newspaper is put it on the front page.
Therefore, the people in town care.
I mean, that's really twisted logic, isn't it?
You can put anything on the front page of a newspaper, which is on the front pages of, uh,
even a guy named, uh, Cannon Dig will, uh, whatever the newspaper, the daily messenger.
What a memory, huh?
But that doesn't mean that the people give a crap about it.
We have an open line and date one and Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60,
0 5 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a mobile invoke.
Hello.
Neil Patrick Raster.
What do you think of him?
Who?
Patrick Raster, a test player.
He's real cute.
He's your speed.
I don't think anything of mine ever heard of him.
I'm on you now.
Never heard of Moke S.
One holiday per asshole.
Okay, Jackass.
He's my speed.
How do you know?
Is he your speed?
Two pounds?
That what you're saying?
Uh-huh.
Bag it.
Open line and date two and Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60,
0 5 5 60 on a mobile one line.
Don't pay no attention to tennis, pal.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
This is Miami.
I'm on me.
That's what I said.
A mobile in Miami that's exactly what I just said.
I just thought a, uh, a creaky emotion of what happened yesterday was marked the guise.
With the 69 landing on the moon.
Okay, thank you.
The 69 lighting animal.
I say a tremendous parallel between Mark McGuire.
See now you're right.
You're absolutely right.
I tried to say at the beginning of the show today, it was a tremendous event.
It was exciting.
It was a sports thing, of course, but it was something positive.
There was a lot of emotion here.
And this guy's equating it with landing on the moon.
What the hell are you talking about here?
This is asshole on a mobile.
Hello.
Hank.
Neil.
It's a boy.
Where the hell did you come from?
I just threw a voice in the back.
I just asked if I could go on with it.
I just talked to John Henry.
And.
And he told me that as far as he knows, this press conference today is not about to sell the mollons.
Although he is on his way to the stadium to have a meeting with them.
Yeah.
He's getting pretty close, he feels.
But my guess is this is about Dave Dombraski.
And his status.
You know, whether he's going to stay here or not and I insist on selling.
I think he's talking about resigning to go to the dodgy.
Are you saying we got a bummer steer here today?
I don't know.
I just talked to, you know, I called him.
He called me back and we talked for several minutes.
And he's very positive about the negotiations.
But they haven't completed him.
He's actually going there for a meeting on stadium issues.
Yeah.
But he said that he talked to somebody in a market or in the housing organization about an hour ago.
And he's been assured that this is not about to say about the sale.
Well, let me ask you this, though, Hank.
How could they be making a having a press conference about Dombraski's status if the sale hasn't gone true?
Because John Henry said that if he buys the team, he wants to keep him.
Unless Dombraski actually going somewhere.
Well, Dombraski has, this would indicate to me that he's had an offer from the Dodgers.
Right.
And he has to move on it because I think the assistant general manager of the Orioles is another contender.
Man, this town is just smoking about that home run last night, not.
Oh, the summer.
You last night.
It was unbelievable, even more unbelievable, as the elect.
You know, I don't know how you guys do it.
I've said this many times before.
This is not and never going to be a sports town.
These people know from nothing how you have to be the most wooden, the most frozen person on the face of the earth.
Not to have been moved by not just a home run itself, but all the stuff that went on here last night with a Maris family
and with Sammy coming in from right field.
And all the stuff that went on it was just a great natural moment.
It was like a throwback to the days when we really had something called sports.
Yeah, it really was.
And I thought one of the best parts of it was that he hit it where no fan could get it.
Well, I loved it.
I mean, how do you plant things like hitting your 61st on your 5th or 61st birthday?
Right.
And then hitting 62 where nobody could get it.
And then that groundskeeper kid came running out and said, hey, here's the ball.
And I just don't want to pay any taxes here.
It's all yours.
Right.
It's a great moment.
Okay, Hank.
Hey, Neil, I guess I don't know if you got the message or not, but I want to know if you want to come on when we do the show from the arena.
Oh, I won't be here.
I won't be here.
You mean, Duff didn't tell you?
I appreciate the invite, but I won't be here that weekend.
Oh, you won't be there?
I mean, if they were playing a real team, now I'm going to be out of town that weekend.
Oh, okay.
So which I would have canceled and moved it because it's opening night.
But since they're playing Tampa Bay, nice job of scheduling guys.
They're playing Tampa Bay on opening night.
I'm not going to change my trip.
Bye.
Okay.
I'll see you.
See you later, Hank.
Take care.
Okay, there you go.
Hank says it's not a done deal.
So Paul Harvey Jr., which I wasn't going to mention our source before, who knows all those people inside the Heizinger organization.
You may have given us a Bum's Theater.
Maybe it looked like a Jackass, but it wouldn't be the first time.
Thank you so much, Paul Harvey Jr. You're right about him, by the way.
You're right about him.
He's an asshole.
Okay.
Anybody to know?
Seriously, anybody.
This is a major, major thing.
Okay.
And he tells us, beyond a shadow of a doubt.
