Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers
That's the one we're getting lucky
Neil called 567 056B toll free for date and rarer
or pound 560 on your cell phone
He's crazy
The ends of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
Beasley read acquisitions or the Beasley broadcast group
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM
The presence you're about to receive purchase by a bunch of max.overspests and the visuals are sort of so busy
They have no idea which you really don't care and your presence to receive is actually your size or in color
You like it as a mistake or we're trying to say it's have another ignoble
It's not a white question so one more time and don't let your hopes get too high
Very very very very Christmas
One set of all goes by dead off always quite oak
You're going broke now set the most most and then off always quite oak
You're going broke smart
Okay, 10 a 1 thank you at 560 WQAM
Happy Hanuka, happy Merry Christmas
Happy whatever it is
Yeah, why don't we have a holiday like that and honor me?
They'll go
They won't see your picked on whatever day. Don't feel like being here sounds good to me
Oh, so anyway, I got a phony fax this morning to start off my morning on a bright note and like I said
Phony fax this time with an aim on it a phony name Sam
Who's giving me a song of dance the same sea of Sam if you had somebody else write your faxes
Maybe you might be able to pull the woolly over our eyes
But I don't think so
A tired old chronic factor OG I tore it up before our red wort was from which this one actually has a letterhead a thing on it
SM's AM SMC insurance whatever it is I just thought I mentioned it in passing
Chronic with the same old tired hand where I look at scrolling of a child like a little child
Well, we've got good news and bad news today boys and girls on the death watch
The good news is as this this this man refuses to croak you know I mean there comes a time
When you do the honorable thing okay and just leave everybody alone already don't you think put your head on a pillow
Like that fit that we got where it says put your head on the table Ronnie you know that by the way when he couldn't croak pretty soon I think
The Maggio is hanging in there
Oh right
That's right condition improving but could worsen dr. Say in other words he could die
84 years you know something I think I guess today I'm listening to Hank and we come on with one of our five year old dudes in sports update
Joe the Maggio is doing great he's gonna shoot up in pinstrap three anchies again next season
The thought of it 84 year old man with a one lung removed putting on a jock strap somehow it repels me maybe I'm maybe it's just me
You know what I'm saying the thought of a dying 84 year old man with crusty underwear putting out a jock strap
One last time and putting on the anchy pinstrap totally unnecessary and uncalled for condition improving but could as the second this man is
Outdoing Elizabeth Taylor I'll tell you that I mean one day you look at the tabloids and she's all puffed up and bloated like one breath away from death
The next minute she's making a big comeback. She's running around with Michael Jackson every other food cake she can find
Baseball legend don't Joe the Maggio showed improvement Tuesday finding back an infection and fever that had his doctor's family and friends fearing the worst
Today there's a little a little more hopes that Dr. Earl Baron one of six doctors have been caring for the 84 year old former Yankee slugger since mid-October
One of six doctors have been caring for him
Do you think one all of us around our deathbed there gonna be six doctors caring for us? No
The Maggio has been battling lung cancer and infections ever since he was admitted to Memorial Regional Medical Center in Hollywood
He fought 102 degree fever and pneumonia is good lung and infection in his intestines
But it's too early to call him the comeback kit. He's gonna be here a lot longer Baron said but for now he's hanging in there
I love the piece they did I think was on Channel four news yesterday where they repeated the same great news
Though this is really very important and then they said well, but the thing is he's never gonna get out of there in other words
It's a matter of time. He's good one day. He's not so good the next day. He's he's dying over there is what he said
That's what he said
So Joe the Maggio is hanging in there today, but the fact is in spite of what they think over there at the herald and sput of Greg Cotex
The man actually will die. I mean even famous people die. I know that comes as a tremendous blow to some people out there
And then of course they are really bad news. That was the good news. That's the good news
The bad news is from our guiding light people out there Michael Zazlow 54 one Emmy for soap opera rule
See you got to read these obituary pages every day that should be your fourth or first the first order of business
Ride your Thorpe from guiding light is dead. Oi!
Employee do they treat him like crap on that show? When they unsurmoniously dumped him out of there because he was you know
He had this mysterious disease which it took him a long time to diagnose which turned out to be ALS
And founded an ALS organization Zaz angels and he did a lot of good stuff
He went on one life to live on ABC and he portrayed a guy who was there
You know they used to do that on guiding light remember Bert Bowel when he chopped off her leg and you went on the show
And I would like a woman with a leg chopped off and she died
But at any rate, with Roger Thorpe he could he was speaking slowly he was talking he couldn't speak properly
He was speaking they didn't know what it was
And then all of a sudden come to find out he had this horrendous disease and he went on that one life to look
Because ABC put him on but CBS in guiding light after how many years 25 years he portrayed Roger Thorpe on guiding light
And they said nah no no you're out how do you like that?
He died of Lou Gehrig's disease yesterday in New York 54 years old Roger Thorpe and who won a...
In fact there's a picture he's kissing an Emmy who won a 1994 for his role as a Roger Thorpe on the guiding light
See people think that soap operas are crap although I noticed that NBA players since they got nothing to do with it
Even they're admitting they're sitting around watching soap operas because what else are they gonna do during the day time?
Almost they're out there signing autographs for a lot of bucks and playing charity ball games for a lot of big bucks
But at any rate people put those shows down but the people who act on those shows are some of the best actors and actresses in Hollywood
In wherever they're in New York wherever on radio and TV
Are there actors on radio? Oh yeah they are like me
But I mean this guy was great Roger Thorpe you hated him he was always not most of the time
Once in a while they try to make him into a little bit of a nicer guy you know he died two or three times during the course of the show
They need to make a comeback like soap operas do because guess what Virginia soap operas are not for real
That's right they're not for all fantasy
So there's the good news in the bad news the good fact that it's really sad news because Joe to measure 84 years old Roger Thorpe by Michael Zanzel he was only 54 years old
So don't you think they kind of got it like backwards? I mean you know Joe I hate to break the news to you
And I noticed that people on this radio station there it's like obsessed with Jolton Joe to Maggio he was a ball player
He was a ball player did he solve like any major problems of the world?
No did he you know come up with a cure for cancer? I mean he was married to Marilyn Monroe
He was a very ugly guy and he still is by the way because he's still alive
So we shouldn't talk about him in the past tense yet
But this is another one of those media feeding friends he's that we have to be treated to just non-stop
Oh my god Joe to Maggio is he alive is he dead and of course the same thing was true when Sonata was cooking
And what is not a coincidence they're running the front pages of the newspaper more BS and both your papers today
They just they just have to dance around the edges even though the guy is dead
Because they still have to sell a lot of records you know they still have to sell a lot of books and make a lot of money in his name
It's like after Elvis Presley died
Everybody was rushing out there to buy the records was he really dead is he alive
I saw him over it I saw him at the pinkers in Detroit that's why they closed down
Everybody was doing Elvis sightings he became more popular in like a gigantic legend almost like a religious figure
A cult figure after he died
So it Frank Sinatra it's bad for business even though he's dead it's bad for business
If we tell a real story about him you'll have to read one of those real unauthorized biography books
Which I've been telling you about for years if you want the real story FBI and Sinatra has stormy history official file shows
And it goes on about the Jay Edgar Gagor Hoover from the FBI and the surveillance and I mean how come they don't talk about the casino that Sinatra had an interest in out there in Palm Springs
That they made him divest his interest because he was in partners with the gangsters and gangsters were frequenting the joint
Although there is a picture here it's a shady characters a photo of Frank Sinatra a second from left
Second from left that's like that picture they had the other day when there was only one picture and it said so and so to the right
To the right I mean like like we don't know that there's a picture there and that's who it is
A photo of Frank Sinatra a second from left among with among others reputed mob figures Carlo Gambino second from right and Jimmy the weasel FraDiano
Taken at a New York theater 1976 through the FBI's interest at Drew Gay Edgar Hoover's interest by the way you do know that Clyde Poulson is very next to Gay Edgar Hoover you do all that don't you
beside him next to him I don't mean beside as besides beside as the next to him right next to him
So that maybe maybe even underground under the in between the worms maybe they're sticking their warmth through the casket and still doing each other who knows
That's another thing that's supposed the FBI to get for a nervous you talk about gay Edgar Hoover but then there's that one that great book
What the hell is the name of it? I have no idea you know the one I'm talking about
Nine minutes after 10 to 560 WQM on a really great Wednesday
WQM goes f*** yourself
Angels they are everywhere you look especially on TV she was growing and smiling this Sunday in these links will take you beyond the realm of angels into a strange world of far more unbelievable
Beary I thought something touched me I sat both upright with these big goosebumps all over my body there was a fairy in my bed
Fairies on covers the myths and peoples and Lee's bear that was a part Maureen right you know awesome time for beer
The winners here bar called live in Flamingo and my first pairs ever
Fairies meet real people somewhat like you who have actually had contact with fairies you know I swear there's two fairies living in the apartment right above me
Fairies always ready to live the helping hand I think a couple of fairies live in the shower at the Y
Fairies it's the supernatural shlock in literary you shouldn't fail to miss this Sunday on MB3
What is it about the Y by the way never never really a question that until I just heard that you know I mean all my life I've been aware that there are some very strange things that go on at the Y
But why is it that so many people congregate at the Y?
Anyway at 1015 at 560 WQM I guess it depends on which Y you're talking about is that what we're saying?
Here's a because this ought to be a short call Delray Beach hello
Yes sir how you doing sir okay well I want to comment on something you've been saying the past couple of days
What is that well it's pertaining to how we look up the stars and how we idolize them and all that
I think some deserve it a little more than others like pertaining to Elvis Presley
Elvis was different not just because he sold more records than everybody else but he inadvertently that's wasn't his intention
but he changed a lot of things okay whether it was musically the way he dressed culturally
business on the Internet he was one of the most influential people in the latter half of the 20th century
and you believe that huh?
Yes I do without it I think he was a very influential in different types of things okay that's why people idolize him and 600,000 people a year go to his home
and you're saying the 600,000 people go to Graceland as though these are people who are like mentally put together
they're not a few bricks short but you know what Neil they have fun when they go there and there's nothing wrong with having fun
Oh my god I can't but this is the fact that you're saying this with a straight face if I thought you were joking I'd be laughing with you okay
but it sounds to me please tell me that this is a joke please tell me you're fitting me on please I'm begging you
No seriously it's the holiday time of year I want to feel good I'm in a great mood I feel great I want you to tell me that you're putting my leg
You're in a lot of common with me you love Vegas too yeah
You love Vegas now all of the people I have a lot in common with Elvis Presley and we look a lot alike I'll say that
Hey Neil toward his later years he was big fat he'll hold it too just like I am
Now put it to this way okay you always talk about what's wrong with people having fun
The people that go to his home no they're not having fun they they suffer from any erosis they won't let it go okay
This man has been dead for how many years now 20 years 20 years yeah he's been dead for 20 years and they won't let it go
What's the point of going there what is the point what are they gonna it's like the people that go up to that place in Georgia
to see the Virgin Mary every year if they don't if they're not harming people are bringing fulfillment to their life
They have a right to do whatever crazy I'm not questioning that but the the fact that these people are schlepping there and wasting their time
Aren't there better things for them to do is that that's like the people that go to the song rash I keep asking that question
What do they keep going there if no seriously you know you know what people go there for
Well if they did a demographic breakdown you see that a lot of them probably might be from out of this area
Because I think the people that go to the song rash the people that go to Grace Plan have one thing in common if you put them all together they say
I have no life right
Great day pal please tell him you're killing me he's not serious it can't be that guy sounds much to intelligent much to articulate he can't really believe it can't he
Uh-huh
600,000 people a year shut the Grace Plan and have you ever seen those people that trailer park trailer park trash that's right in fact most of them
As soon as he mentioned that I started conjuring up the images they're like those porky jocks nippers
I was talking about the other day who go put their face up against the glass at the hockey games when the players come out for practice
Before the game you watch tonight if you go to the Panther out of a game before the game there'll be a bunch of big fat
Porkey women will stick their nose right up against the glass when the players come out I got news for you
They wouldn't they wouldn't touch those broads for a grand the piece for 50 grand they wouldn't get anywhere near them okay they wouldn't give them a sniff any of the athletes
And yet they're out there with their nose because you know because they're living in a fantasy land which I guess it's okay if that's the best you can do
I have no right so make a fantasy land for yourself if
You're that grotesque and bloated and disgusting and nauseated and have that much little that little self esteem that you figure there's no real living and breathing person out there that would even come close to you so go out there and like you know fantasize
Uh-uh
Re-witney oh I'm gonna go
Re-witney ain't gonna touch you lady I got a better chance to do and re-witney than you do okay
That's right
No, but that's a better chance because you got mine in the minus column you old points
Seriously any any any sporting events you look at those jocks different and then of course there's another category speaking of trailer park trash
They're the real professional slots the the roadies you know the colonies concertors the professional horse which is fine
I mean you know guys want to get laid but at least some of them look pretty good huh
When we were at the backstreet boys concert up there at that horrible horrible place at that auto I want to say that get what he great for upset
at that place up there in Palm Beach County
And there were like we were sitting right behind the sound the sound pit like 25,000 feet away from the stage
And through the rain and all the other stuff oh I think there's some people up there on stage
I don't know who they are I make out in the distance some figures but anyway right in front of us
There were some of those roadies sitting on the thing they're waiting for the concert to be over so they could and you definitely have a better chance with them than they did
So the backstreet with Nick I would say yeah I don't know about the other ones but yeah
But yeah I just it's just amazing you know it's part of life I mean to each his own if that's what turns you on
If you want to go to Graceland and wait for the king the whole Elvis thing it's like the Beatles the Beatles changed the life in the world
Did the Beatles really change life no first not I mean first of all was Elvis personally a great singer no a great really I mean let's get serious okay
And I liked Elvis is the kid I had all his records okay he looked pretty good he didn't look as good as Pat Boone I didn't think
Now isn't that terrible I have to admit that on the year that that's really bad that's really coming out of the closet
Admitting that as a kid I had I had a picture of Pat Boone in a bathing suit I'm forget where the hell I got
Some of those teeny-bopper magazine
Last week no no this is many years many years ago no seriously Pat Boone was looked good I mean he was great
He turned into an asshole and overligious goody two shoes but hey you can't help that
But I would say that Elvis Presley the idea that he was a great singer a great musician I mean split with his mother till he was 20 years old
So obviously he had some few problems along the way
And they're all kinds of stories about him in Priscilla and about you know maybe who knows who knows what the story and who cares
Okay, he likes Vegas. He liked his cheeseburgers and he liked his drugs enough said
But and it's right in line with what the guy started talking about about athletes okay about you know all these illiterate jokes
These dumbbells these morons
And I'm listening to these people at the end of the morning show this morning it's like a bunch of kids in a sandbox
Mine is bigger than yours and yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, like they got some idea what's gonna happen in the game on Sunday
And if the world is the outcome the world I mean it's an important game as ball games go as sports go as the NFL goes as you know for those people who are fans which they're entitled
But I mean the juvenile they it's it's sad that's why you have all these people going there trying to relive their childhood because basically they're saying
I have no right. It's important to them. This is very important craft
And that's why when they crank the music up they program these people like automaton they don't even realize they're being programmed
And I know I'm going to the hockey games tonight and I guarantee you at least let me say one positive thing okay the last game
What the hell was the last game was that three three time again Carolina Saturday okay last Panther game
At least we heard some different music
And I said God this is I'm not saying that we didn't hear Gary Glitter because the game without Gary Glitter is like you know orange juice without Anita
Forget it. You just got to have it. But at least we heard some different music and I thought man what a breath of fresh here this is and it's not blaring and it's not so loud that my
Your drums are bursting. That's great
Because you know I mean why repeat this guy got me all wound up okay and I really apologize for the fact I got wound up and he's enjoying it. He's loving it
With Elvis with the Elvis bullcrap 600,000 people here are going to Graceland and Elvis is still alive that was a wax dummy in the casket
It may not have been a wax dummy. It certainly was a dummy in the casket
Huh?
I've read books about Elvis and about the fact that he had he had to keep performing because he never had any money. You're aware of that. How can you make that many millions of dollars never have any money?
Drugs. No, he didn't pay for the drugs. He had a he had a willing co-conspiratory. I'm not saying of course that there are doctors who are quacks. I would never say that. Would I?
Who just you know prescribed drugs? Oh, it's speaking of prescriptions by the way. I went to the post office the other day. Did my prescriptions never show up from Dr. Mark whom he held it personally. No. So thank God I had them call in. I got all my drugs. There you go. You people at the post office once again. Oh it's the holidays yet. There's always some excuse. You know it's the holidays. The pony got sick. The dog had diarrhea.
Always some excuse and story. Why you get some of the mail. Some of it takes two weeks. Some of it takes a month. Some of it don't bother showing up at all. We get the message. Okay.
Who did they used to talk about? They used to hang out at the house. It was the milkman and the mailman. You know what daddy was off to work. The milkman and now there is no more milkman. Okay. Because you go to the market to buy milk. There is no more milkman for junior. I had to break the news. So it leaves only the mailman. So now that there's no more milkman. You know mommy's got to be serviced by somebody.
So the postman got away and spent a lot more time on his route. She spent time on his route. That's the deal. Okay. I got all worked up about nothing. Here's four Myers on mobile. Hello.
Hey Neil how are you doing? Great. Happy holidays. And the same to you sir. Great. You mentioned to Pinkas.
Indeed. Right. Yeah. Long gone. I know. Long gone. Great river and what was it?
Color graph. Yeah. Telegraph. Right. All these transplants down here. Don't call in reminisce when you mention things like this. Because across the street was a great fake place. Channel.
Afree. I never heard of that. Yeah. I was right across the street. And then there was a lot of people. All the great restaurants that used to love the Detroit. They're all gone. Each and every one of them. Skinners table out there and a plummetth road in Lavenia.
We used to go there before the track all the time. That's long gone. Yep. Yep. And then there was a chophouse. London chophouse. The book.
And there was the Chintiki downtown of Casson Bagley. Great Polynesian restaurant. That was a. Oh man. I must have had dozens and dozens of great meals in that place. Chintiki.
Yes. Yes. But just curious. You know, everybody gets off on these politics and you know, you throw an article in the paper about people are tied to this or tied to that.
Next thing when junior dies there was a place called the Anthony South on plummetth road. They'll be tied to that of I was. I had tickets to that night and that one up in flames. And he was probably going to be tied to that.
But no, there was the book cataloging all these and a lot of good restaurants. Oh yeah. Up in that restaurant. Yeah. Yeah. It's just like the city of Sorgon. It's just vanished. Whatever was there now is just a semblance of Detroit. All gone.
We have a good day and back to your town. Good talk to you. There's a guy from see now it's interesting. The people from the Midwest Detroit and Chicago they mostly settled on the West Coast of Florida. The people from the East Coast. I mean, you know, it sounds simplistic. I mean, that's not really the reason I have no idea why that is. It's not like they came down a different highway when they came down here.
But there are a lot more people from Detroit and Chicago and West Coast like in Fort Myers and Therosoda and Tampa. Oh God. And those places. And on East Coast we got New York and Cuba basically and and Jerusalem.
1026 is 560 WQAM is a Roger Scott. He is the greatest witness entertainer the North Pole has ever known and known who this special introductory offers. Jingell record brings you the magic of Elf.
You can go on the short. Tell me I got on a little note. There's one thing I do around my current. He's using skills you with a true spirit of Christmas.
I know she's cancer. Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
This is an abay.
This is one that you'll never forget as Elf is things about his special relationship with Santa.
He's a big fat guy and we're in one suit like time.
And those things work at the North Pole. Don't be left out of the fold. This Christmas join the Legion to love.
Elf is like it.
Okay, that's our question today. This guy got us into a big thing. Who's the most influential entertainer? Who's the most influential person of the 20th century?
Elf is presently the Beatles. Joey Reynolds.
Okay, well, we have some other names in here. But before we do that, let me just say this. Our center one total is of right now this moment, including the money we got here that curled us and nobody yet.
77,731. And like I said yesterday with whatever's going on at borders over the weekend and so far this week, we got to be up there over the $80,000 total. I'm pretty sure about that.
And we're going to make $100,000 by the end of this month come hell or high water. Now let me just tell you this. We did actually get a couple hundred dollars worth of checks.
And I thank the lady profusely who sent a hundred dollars check yesterday. And it's my mistake. I, you know, because of this address because it's so on wieldy, I thought it's tough getting mail here.
We've had for weeks and weeks now sitting out in the hallway right out here by our little studio. We've had all these big plastic mail baskets.
How many do you think there are? I have never in my life on any station I've ever worked at or even known about. I have never seen the volume of mail. There are literally thousands and thousands and thousands of envelopes sitting out there. I thought it was a power 96 promotion.
I thought it was some deadly thing that they were doing over there. So just out of curiosity this morning, I stopped out there and I looked at the envelopes.
It's something I never even heard of before. It's the WQ way and tailgate sweepstakes. Maybe Joe Costello knows something about it because we sure don't obviously it's tied over the dolphin games and it must be promoting it only during the dolphin games because we don't say anything about it on this show. I've never heard it on the other shows. It must be strictly a dolphin game thing.
Does Joe Costello know anything about this? No. Oh, how do you like that? But if you were to look at, of course, you over here, but ordinarily, I did you see that bunch of mail out there? Will you were here?
Again, no. Oh, well, like I said, Joe's not really observant. That nose keeps getting in the way. Well, no, he doesn't have good peripheral vision off to the sides that Roman nose keeps getting in. But anyway, no, seriously, I'm telling you, I haven't paid any attention. I see them because I come in. We'll have to walk through there to come in here every day and to race right out to a clock. But we have thousands and thousands and thousands. Seriously, if you people saw this, you'd be amazed. And we don't even know what the hell is going on.
All this promotion is. And I look at that thing this morning, I said to my, and I looked in there, all address to our street address, 202 95 Northwest, second Avenue, Miami, 3, 3, 1, 6, 9, because there is no easy address to write to this place. I mean, that's, this is it.
And I look at that thing. I'm said to myself that this radio station can generate that amount of mail, that volume of mail.
And I realize, you know, we can't compete with the dolphin broadcast because it's a sports thing, baby. You know, can't compete with that.
There are 50 trillion people, isn't it? Even though like two thirds of them are listening on power 96 because the signal sounds better on FM.
And another trillion are listening on what is it? CMQ in Espanol. Let's begin English.
Okay. But huh? Here's the deal. They're giving away a pickup truck and you have to send in a letter.
Yeah. register to win a letter or just your name to address.
Your name and address, I guess. Postcard. And they're going to do drawing. No, these are not postcards. These are envelopes. Every one of these is an envelope.
Well, I've got Chris Reed here and that's what he told me. Yeah, look, he doesn't seem to know either. No, he doesn't know.
He's only in the promotion department. How do I let him know? But at any rate, seriously, if you would be so amazed and impressed, I don't care.
What kind of promotions any of you have ever worked in? You have never seen a volume of mail this large. It's staggering.
Staggering. There must be 30 or 40 of those big plastic mail cartons.
And they're all full. They're all overflowing. They're piled like three, four feet off the floor.
Thousands and thousands and thousands of envelopes because people might win something.
It's like yesterday when I joked about off in the jetstickets. And we started out with our usual swoon here yesterday and all of a sudden,
and even though we had none to give and it was very obvious, unless you were total bozele after a little while, that we had no ticket.
And we weren't given anyway. And I don't play that baby crap anymore in this show. But all of a sudden we went from death Valley days to everybody was on the phone.
Maybe just in case, just in case there might be something that we're given away.
And I've turned it around here. I'm looking to try to get money out of these people. Are they like are those the mail pouring in? No.
No, we'll see today. Today we should get a good indication. In fact, I was surprised the guy I think yesterday because it was like only a day after I had mentioned it on the air.
If we could get like a few thousand people out there who are listening to me right now to make out a check, $1, $5, $10 to center one.
And put it in the mail to a neo-warrantry's WDQ AM Miami. And the address is 20295. That's 20295 Northwest Second Avenue. Miami 33169.
I mean the fact that within the dress like that, the fact that this many people sent in for that promotion, which most of us don't even know about the goddamn WDQ AMpli8 sweepstakes,
it just blows my mind. It's just staggering, staggering. Was there ever a volume of mail like that for anything on GTR? No.
IOD, the coast, no. Any station at INZ? No. Anywhere. Never in a history of radio, maybe except maybe in New York or LA, whether they've got millions and millions of people.
Have I seen a volume of mail like that? So wouldn't it be something that since of course, you know, we're not we have no prize for you. There's no drawing. There's no we're not giving anything away. We're actually asking the audience to set us something like a couple of bucks.
But I mean, if we can get that much mail for some silly and it's a pickup truck. I mean, you know, it's nice to get a free pickup truck, but I would like when I make the effort to know that's right, when you've got all that money, Mr.
and those Corvetson at the NSX, you don't need no pickup truck. Why not? I'd like to own one vehicle that I don't give a crap about and just go out there and start battering the crap out of people. You know what I'm saying?
What would be wrong with having like even a battered old pickup truck that you don't care about, you know, and just go out there. Oh, sorry. Some assholes, you know, and by the way, speaking of assholes with cell phones again this morning coming to work.
Make my turn onto Brad Boulevard as I'm leaving my way toward the 595 in the turn pipe. And here's the guy on a pickup truck right in front of me. And as he turns the corner, pick a lane, sir. Okay. If you want the right hand lane, I'll take the left hand lane because you're not going anywhere.
He weaves kind of in the middle of the zone like I'm just like, and why I look up and I see here he's got the phone stuck to his ear. How do you like that?
Another asshole with a cell phone stuck to his ear. I mean, if you can drive great. Make your calls great. Call us.
But if you can't drive under perfect circumstances without a goddamn phone conversation going on, put that thing down for emergencies only. That's what it should be labeled in most vehicles in this town for emergencies only for desperate emergencies only.
Especially pulled off in a stationary position at the side of the road. Not why you're attempting of faking, you know, faking us out with a pretensive driving just unbelievable fucking epidemic now.
21 before 11 at 560 WQ and your sensational station for the 90s where we got more goddamn mail and every other station in town put together 50 billion envelopes in the other room. Let's start opening some up.
Yeah, well, I'm going to go out there doing the break. I'm going to pick some of the envelopes and open them up and then we'll throw them in the waste basket. Oh, no, he's already our allergies. You think that might piss some people off? I'm not going to do it. Well, I'm trying to.
Oh, what is he like very much. There's the team. I don't have a million. I'm much for a while, but I want y'all to know what up here in Rock and Roll Heaven. Although I think it every Christmas.
I'm not to give y'all a special Christmas message. A message of peace like how about a little piece of that time going by.
Like a whole friend Christmas is a time of hoot time of joy. But time for a little and I sure would love a chase slice back to you. You got there. Like a whole lot. No more one.
Yeah, Christmas. My Christmas to me means family. Family means friends. The friends means getting together and getting together means eating. I'll pass you that time to take which place.
Oh, it's like a rainbow. Not just one of the three to you right now. You know, I may be a big star, maybe two day, but I know about it so big. You can't reach out a helping hand.
I would get a hand man helping those imagine that they are over there. What do you believe?
Like a grandma. Now I will find anybody somebody you can. Stoop to help a friend of me to the holiday season. A speaking of season won't pass me that felt sugar and you get the chance.
Yeah, just just unscrew the color. I don't know. So this Christmas, why don't y'all take it to a remote.
I don't leave those state to a flag where they are. You know what I mean? I want you to remember we're all part of guys. They big family.
You know God made man into his own image. I look in the mirror. I have to say God must be a big, big center. You know what I mean? I think you do.
I don't think we want y'all to remember this one last thing. You know all the home is Christmas spring in that popcorn up on the free.
Save a big big bowl for the king. Extra butter to what am I? I like you do.
I'll go over. Okay, 10.45. By the way, he said 10.45 at 5.60 WQM. I pull questions today. Where would you rather spend your free time if you had a few of the discretionary dollars and could go wherever you want.
So I guess I'm not going to have a few of the money. I'm not going to have a few of the money. I'm not going to have a few of the money.
That's right. We're holding a rally to protest the rights for them. Faggot. It's okay. Just the same old hard crap. The same old BS. The same old big and the end of the thoughts. We're not about who else is a didlin with who else. There you go.
Just can't let it go. By the way, speaking of can't let it go, we got a major radio. It's a minor radio story that the newspapers are making a major radio story.
It's not sent away anyway. It's got forces listening by the way. We used to be the sales manager at WTMI. There were a couple letters to the editor that they come send will publish a couple of days ago.
From listeners of WTMI who are very distraught that they're messing with their pure classical music of a format and they're playing easy listening or whatever there's now.
So there's a long emotion letter today from Woody Tang or owner of WTMI and Miami for 30 years WTMI has been the one rolling beacon of classical music on commercial FM bands is what we've been bombarded with letters and listen to calls to our advertisers.
All of which are sadly reduced the chances that we can continue to present classical music in order to decent return for our investors.
Often the letters are misinformed and damaging to WTMI. Fact WTMI is classical music. All right. WTMI has expanded the broadcast hours of classical music. Fact WTMI has invested several hundred thousand dollars in improved broadcast sound.
Fact WTMI is now one of the few commercial classical stations in the US of a fact we cannot continue with classical music. Most of our listeners relatives board WTMI.
The two letters to the editor published in the SunCentral December 8th were we believe well in tension. They came at a terrible time as we have struggled to chart our course.
The letter writers didn't know that we worked Sunday night for eight until 430 in the morning Monday to create the architecture for more classical music effective on Monday.
The architecture. What what is happening? Did they have to build a building like with Mozart's statue on front of there or something?
Now we appeal to those same listeners and others in the media like the SunCentral to let their voices be heard in the resounding chorus of go for it.
I know that if I list the classical music round the clock I would be somebody would say go for it.
Bro try 93 one classical music FM Monday to Sunday 6 a.m. to midnight. Are we perfect? No. Do we make mistakes? Yes.
We're through all mistakes if the advertisement listener community fails at this hour to rally around WTMI assigned Woody Tanger owner of WTMI or classical music station in Miami. Let's rally around the WTMI.
Okay. No. Come on. What's wrong with you bastards? Don't you like Mozart? No. Beethoven. No. Rock. No. Brahms. No.
What I leave out list. No. Where's the list? Friends list. Okay. I just I just thought I would be dead because I know Scott's watch used to work there and hates them like poison.
And then there would be a news by here's okay. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I've also been to Graceland. Oh my God. Oh my God. I'll tell you near you made a point that I'm why did you go there? Oh because I'm an Elvis fan. Yeah. And you made a what would be the purpose?
I'm a fan of well, I mean, you know, I like to beat those two but I'm not going to go visit John Lennon's grave. Hey, I just really love the guy and I'll tell you who loved him. Yes, as a performer. Yeah.
I had charm and charisma that a lot of the so-called big entertainers today couldn't even touch with a 10 foot tall pet's despite the yeah. And that's where I feel. And I'll tell you as well. What did you what did you do there in Graceland? I mean, what was the big tennis?
Well, when you get there, first of all, they have a jet park there. They had to clip off the wings to get it down, you know, Graceland. You know, the road there. They have the jet there. They have a bus. They have a they have this tour that you go through. You can even see a little.
And that's not how long ago were you there? Three years. Three years ago. And over the 18 years after he died. Yep. And I'm going again. You're going again. Sure. Yeah, it's a lot of fun like the other guy said. I guess.
What? What did you do there? I mean, you're telling me what was there? But what did you do? Did you like put your hand on the bus and? Huh? You said when you go into his home, even though you put your hand on the bus and start singing Jailhouse Rock. I mean, what did you do?
Even if you're not a fan, the guy who runs the house. I'm a fan. I liked his music at all his records. It's not I'm not knocking Elvis, but it's okay. But the guy just placed him in such a category and with this hero worship thing. And now you're like a second in the emotion. I thought it was only old. The middle age trailer park trash.
People have been telling me. You'd be surprised that the good looking women who are there. Let me tell you something. Oh, that's why you went there. Now we're getting. Well, that helps. Okay. And the women who work in grace one, two. Each one of you. When you go to each section of the house. There's a different woman who tells you about Elvis in this room.
That room. What did someone told you to get to lay down with one of them in Elvis's bed? Unfortunately not. Oh, why not?
When you go into his you go into a room that has all the gold records and everything else. Yeah, unbelievable thing. It's such a.
It's like nothing you've ever seen before. It's incredible. It really is. It's magnificent. The awards you won and different things. It's really something.
It's an experience to behold even if you're not an Elvis. And I know you are. It really is. It's a lot of fun. Now how long does it take to get there? Where do you go to go to Graceland? Where do you fly to Memphis?
Memphis. Yeah. How far is it from Memphis? Oh, it's 10 minutes. Now that another have the bed that Elvis and his mother slept in. It was 19 or 20 years old. Did they have that there too? No, there are certain parts of the home you can't go into.
Gladys, wasn't that her name? Gladys. Certain parts of the home the upstairs you can't go into. Right. Well, why not? Well, those are like something like something like something from back then. Maybe you went inspectors need to get in there.
Neil, all I want to say is that I'm a big fan and I enjoyed it and it's a lot of fun. Great. Okay, pal. God bless you and get some help. Please get some help.
We have an open line today. I mean, you know what probably find out there are a lot of people in this audience who have been to Graceland and that just shakes any faith I had in human race. I mean, just I can't relate to it.
I can't relate. I mean, as a kid, I love Mel Allen was the broadcaster for the Yankees fan. Yankee, there was a big Yankee fan. Mel Allen died a couple of years ago.
And I remember talking on the air about Mel Allen died and getting almost no response, which was staggering to me because to me, Mel Allen was more important than Elvis Presley. I know that sounds ridiculous, but he was my broadcast idol. I was wanted to be a sports announcer. I love Mel Allen. I love Bill Hewett, who is the, for the 20 some years, 30 some years, the voice of Toronto Maple Leafs, which I've been a fan for 40 years, live and die. It's not even just a sports thing with me. It's like a way of life to want to Maple Leafs. Okay. It's in my blood. It's in grain. It's like a passion.
And I remember the day a rumor called me a couple of years ago, got some bad news for a bill. He would die today. And it was, and you know, they did a very half ass tribute to him that night on hockey, that in Canada, very weak.
But I mean, am I going to go see Bill, he was grave? No. Am I going to go to Mel Allen's grave? Whatever his name was, Mel Israel? No. I'm going to go to his grave. Am I going to go to university, Alabama, where Mel Allen went to school and see where his, which dormitory he was in? No. I don't get it.
I don't understand it. It's like all the musicians that I love, like like Chicago, when Terry Cath put a gun to his head playing Russian Roulette, wasn't it Terry Cath? Louis Brains out. I'm pretty sure. Louis Brains out. I mean, did I love Chicago? The music is their real musicians. They're great. They're sensational. Okay. But am I going to go like visit his grave? You know, should they make a museum like it's an illness.
It's an illness. The Elvis thing is an American illness. Hero worship is an American illness. Basically what it is is a lot of people saying my life has no goddamn meaning. I'm insignificant. This person was so goddamn important, and I'm just obsessed.
It's like in all these psycho movies, you see all the psychopaths, you know, and they all have usually it's a female because then that's a sexist attitude of the people in Hollywood. It's all these neurotic psychotic women that have all these pictures of whoever they're target.
You know, the stalkers whoever that is up on the wall in their bedroom. I realized little kids have pictures of whoever the backstreet boys up on the wall or Enrique Iglesias or something silly like that. Like I do. I mean, like, you know, some people. No, I don't have no pictures of the backstreet boys or Enrique in my house. Although I did have what's his name? Jerry. Well, I have Jerry Rivera, but that's only because well, as somebody gave you something like that, wouldn't you put it up? It's very big and nice.
And the picture too. And you know, something if Jerry Rivera walked in here right now, I wouldn't know who that. You know, I mean, I remember that video from back in the days when we had that.
That's a video TV. Those were good days when I discovered Luis Miguel. Yeah, like, like Luis Miguel. Do I have like a statue of the, I love Luis Miguel is music is great. He looks great. He's a great.
He's a great, uh, spick. I mean, he never still afraid train. I love him. But I mean, if they had a Luis Miguel museum, I'm not going to go there. No, no.
I didn't even go backstage to meet him that time at that concert, which got what's your name? I've been out of shape. What was your name?
From the record from wheel of Tina. What was her name? Brenda. It could have been Brenda. She hates me like poison now because I didn't go in there. He was. I had a, I had a, an exclusive audience with Luis Miguel backstage after a great time.
I was at the concert at the Miami. No, I was at the night center a few years ago. And I chickened out and part of it being the language thing because he doesn't really speak for a good English.
I thought, but this is going to be really awkward. And I mean, what am I going to say to him? What am I going to say to Luis? Maybe we're going to speak. I've had several situations like that in my life. I'm a certain speak speak speak. Huh?
I don't think that was going to happen. Oh, he would have probably been in the bathroom in the town. But of anyway, no, no seriously, that's, that's, I understand like if you love Pamela Lee's breast or something like that, whether they're real or not, which of course they're not and she is proud of it. I understand that.
If you got the hots for somebody, I understand that. But I don't understand the idolization and worship of entertainers or athletes or I don't get it.
Because most of them are very, very shallow, a scumbags anyway, including this whole synatra business over to give a lot of money to charity. See, there we go with that Wayne thing again.
And that's surprising that people that make millions and billions of dollars give a lot of money to charity. Pretty surprising.
Uh-huh. Four minutes before a level at 560 WQM.
The Neil Roger show now on 560 WQM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Oh, the old Elvis and the young Elvis.
Then they can't satisfy all these Elvis people out there who just can't get enough of the king, right?
Why would they come out with an Elvis especially teacher with his face on top of it with a big pepperoni up his nose?
Now what that means.
Well, what Pat memories that brings back today's we're on S U N in Tampa. Wow. It's 1102 at 560 WQM.
I'm not trying to say that you shouldn't admire people or admire their work or enjoy their music or whatever it is that they do. That's great.
But worshipping people and going to see some kind of a monument. I mean, this guy would go to see grants to him.
No, I want to see the Washington monument or the day of Washington Memorial of the Jefferson monument.
No, of course not. Neither would I as a matter of fact.
Unless I happen to be in Washington God forbid. Who now wants to go there?
We want to go there? No. No way. Too many swarches.
But I mean, when you come right down to what these people have become obsessed.
Like I said, it's a free country. If that's how you want to spend your discretionary dollars in time.
I mean, you're in a title to do it. But I'm also in a title to have my opinion, which is that you need serious help.
We have two men so far, not even women, not even trailer trash rods. But two men who've been to Graceland.
Are we got another one? Hello?
No. Virginia key, yes sir.
Not another guy who's been to Graceland.
I went to a Memphis State floor, a state game years ago. And we stopped off the Graceland.
Oh my God.
The best way I can describe it is like a flea market. Have you ever been to a flea market?
Sure.
And when you said there's trailer trash and red necks, I mean, I will never go again.
I mean, it was, I mean, it's okay. But I tell you, never in a million years would I go back to Graceland.
Well, thank God for you. I thought you were going to give me a, I thought this would be the third straight guy.
No way.
I used that term loosely to give me a song that's about how great it was.
So you were only there because of where you were in the neighborhood.
Right. And this, plus I liked Elvis. I mean, I'm like you. I liked Elvis. I didn't admire him.
But this guy says there's a lot of pretty women there.
Yeah. I mean, mostly there's, there's old red necks that women.
Well, the guy I think was visually impaired.
Well, not telling you what, there are pretty girls here, but guess what?
He's not getting laid by him. Only Elvis could get laid by him.
Yeah. I mean, that's it. They're just fanatical.
And all the books that I read about Elvis kind of hit around that he was a very important guy.
And what I'm saying, like, maybe from all the drugs.
I read the same thing. Yeah.
Anyway, I just want to let you know that it's, uh, I think.
Thank God to reinforce my faith in a small portion of the human race.
You couldn't take me to go back to great.
All right. Thanks a lot. I have a request.
Yes, sir.
You played a song yesterday a bit about, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, gang riches.
Hister. Right.
Could you play that again, please?
Yes, I will. Thank you.
Over and over again. Thank you.
Okay. See you.
How do you like that?
We got the Grace Land crowd.
And this came right in the back door. So to speak.
Yeah. Oh, by the way, our parents and borders on Saturday, December 19th.
We will be going there by the time to be announced.
Okay. Well, maybe noon to two of may not.
We may have to move it up a little bit back a little whatever.
But we will be there on Saturday, December 19th to raise lots and lots and lots of money
and pedal lots of best of stuff. Okay.
For center one.
We'll get to that 100 grand.
I know you don't believe me.
You don't think I'm going to, and I will be at the hockey game tonight.
We'll be there around six, 30 or thereabouts.
And if you want to give me a check for 10 bucks or 100 or 500 for center one,
I'd be very appreciative.
Some people have done that.
And it's great.
Because we need your help.
I need to pick a, and by the way, the thing with the pickup truck,
I, uh, consultants stuck his head in the door here to give me a song and a dance.
Uh, they, what they did was they took this pickup truck, brand new Ford pickup truck,
and they like stripped of all the paint and they had all the dolphin players sign it.
And then they like coated it glazed it, whatever the hell they do over it.
And so that's like a collector's item for, and the people that are signing up are doing it all the South Florida four
dealers and at publics, and they get the entry forms which tell them they fill out their name and address,
and it tells them where to send the envelopes.
So that's why we have such a tremendous response.
And that's why the mailing address isn't an impediment to them because that's right there in front of their post on the thing.
But still an incredibly impressive amount of mail, the likes of which I have never dreamed of in my life.
At a little horse and buggy station like this one.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, and the eye, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
You sound good.
Uh, right now I'm really, uh, getting through a school.
I've been crammed really, you know, normal schoolwork.
I wasn't really listening to sports shows and checking out sports center.
But everything you touched on in the 35 minutes I was waiting to talk to you just, uh, really goes on when I want to talk to you about this.
Yes, sir.
Stumbags, charity, and, uh, I don't know what else.
Uh, as far as the NBA thing I heard last night, I was watching the night we knew that I saw Peter Jennings in the end.
He closed with, uh, that they're having a game for showtime and all.
And they have the nerve to come out and, you know, really, uh, they say they're going to give money to, I don't know, his unit stuff was the fun to give them to,
but, you know, money's going to the players.
Mm-hmm.
For the younger players that only make $350,000 a year.
Oh, geez.
And it's just, it's just like, I mean, I looked in the counter like it's Christmas time and they have the nerve to slap the average people in the face and ask for money, you know, for these people.
I mean, $350,000 a year anyways.
Yeah, you could probably scrape by an ask for a couple of years anyway.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I mean, pretty much.
I mean, I started in Dubai, I was $350,000 a year.
Right.
And I mean, I was just, I was shocked because I heard rumors about it, but I thought I was just people playing around and I'm like, you know, I'm getting involved with this Patrick Ewing, you know, survival fund.
You better get involved in these important things like that because he's only making $18 million a year and he's got to put bread on the table and support his family.
Well, listen, the statistics just stood out that, you know, hey, you know, we've made $77,000 for center one.
You know, it just sounds like an excellent cause like most of them are.
And then I hear that, you know, I mean, I heard this on TV last night and I was enraged.
I was just like, flat out.
Haven't had any checks for center one from many of the heat players, by the way, just thought I mentioned that.
No, no, check for Mickey Eerson, no check from Pat Riley, no check from Jimmy Johnson, any of the dolphin players.
I just mentioned that in passing, you know, I'm a car sports fan.
I'll tell you what, I think I'll cover NBA games this year and I'll send you my own NBA budget.
All right.
I'll give you a clear idea just once again.
Yes, sir.
20295.
Okay, Helen.
20295.
Northwest 2nd Avenue.
Yes.
Miami 33169.
Let's make the check out the center one.
Whatever it is.
If it's five bucks or whatever you can afford, it's fair.
We appreciate it.
It's a good car.
It's a great thing.
Thanks a lot.
There you go. See how about that?
In fact, all you people that would be spending your money on these illiterate seven-foot freaks of nature,
even send that money to us to our charity help us for center one.
Oh, we don't want to do that.
Well, why not?
Well, yeah, those guys need your money.
That's right.
Wayne needs your money.
And like I said before, instead of spending 20 bucks for a bunch of crap,
how about eating a meal at home tonight?
I'm going to check out food and refrigerator.
How about eating a meal at home in the house, sitting around with a family,
and then coming with your reader for the game,
and you know, coughing up to 20 bucks, writing me a check for center one,
instead of spending 20 on that bald-headed billionaire geek.
Two open lines in date, 5.6705.
60 and 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's 11.08 at QAM.
Hi, this is Murray Fovitch.
Wishing you a happy Hanukkah.
Oh, there's that scratchy part again.
Sorry about that.
This is crackin'.
No, it's no say, sir.
No, it's no say, sir.
Numerous sisters, doesn't kiss too many guys.
Consumin' in the lack of kind of fun.
Kind of ginkering till she's proud.
She's a gay lesbian.
Oh, black!
Every time he's a sister,
well, it must give no to a boo.
Well, rugby was her hobby,
but now she likes the hobby,
and he don't much like her views.
Neutral sister is her.
Neutral sister is her.
Nanger sister doesn't shave her legs or thighs.
We'll make up over her eyes or get your soul.
Nanger sister says she's proud.
She's a gay lesbian.
Well, she ain't like her big brother.
Must be her old wild.
Nanger's little sister has never had a mistress.
And she never met a trouser mouth.
Neutral sister is her.
Neutral sister is her.
Nanger sister doesn't kiss too many guys.
Consumin' in the lack of kind of fun.
And I still like them.
And this gay girl says she's proud.
She's a gay lesbian.
But the dying of my daughter ever invaded one.
Oh, wait a minute.
She married that Michael Jackson fella.
And actually, I'll talk about it.
Maybe, yeah.
People will ask me when we'll be so bad.
And she isn't Scientology, too.
I just mentioned that in passing, Father Perinoia.
It's 11.15 and 5.60 WQM.
We do an Elvis talk today.
How do you like that?
Elvis talk in Christmas time.
Oh my God.
It's just amazing.
The people, and now another one of the people
that they're bringing back from the past,
who's been dead for, I don't know how many years
we're supposed to really email.
It's a big sentence.
Bobby Daron.
Oh, yeah.
Where, you better get with it, Mr.
Bobby Daron.
Tony Bennett, who's still alive, but might as well be dead.
All the kids on MTV, there, does anybody believe
that the kids are into Tony Bennett?
No.
Of course not.
If you consider a kid, somebody who just moved
into cemetery village, who just turned 80,
yes, those kids are into Tony Bennett.
Other than that.
And now, A&E, they're doing Bobby Daron.
And he was misunderstood.
And he found out his mother wasn't his real mother,
and your mama, and your mother rode.
Whatever the hell that is all about.
And when he was young, he had some,
maybe the romantic fever, or some, some kind of a genetic heart thing.
And he knew he was going to die young,
which is a good excuse why he was a booze-hound.
And he dried, whatever the hell it was.
I mean, Bobby Daron, how many hits can you name by Bobby Daron?
Okay.
Mac the Knife, Dream Lover.
And I could get the book out, but I don't want to be cheating.
And there's no point, okay?
Because the list is, I'm talking about big hits.
Memorable songs that will live.
Assuming that musicians, singers, are people that we should admire forever,
who are like, you know, bigger than life itself.
How many hits can you name by Bobby Daron?
I like it.
And I liked the Dream Lover.
Mac the Knife, I could live with it.
I like Hacked the Life Better.
But seriously, Dream Lover was a great song.
We were almost like in Borderline, Bubblegum.
It was like a Connie Francis.
Oh, there's another one.
Connie Francis.
She had all those mental problems, and she's, you know,
never stole a freight train, and she's gone through the ringer.
And Connie Francis.
We went through that period of time where we're supposed to be very excited about Connie Francis.
Most of the young people that they ever heard of Connie Francis,
they have any idea that they don't know Connie Francis from Ron Francis, right?
Uh-huh.
And George has no idea who Ron Francis is.
From Amel Francis, does he know who he is?
No, of course not.
Now you're getting that hockey crap out of the guy.
They don't know Ron Francis from Francis so here.
Does anybody know who that is?
No.
No.
You see all these important people that I know that you don't.
That's the one benefit of being old, even though that deathbed is not far away.
But that's the one benefit of getting orders that you know all of this meaningless crap.
All of these names, names.
People that you never heard of, Mr. Wally Macklemore.
You don't know who that is either.
There you go.
Here's a tamer, Akkila.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
God, first time call.
Great.
You're listening.
Young white male.
All right.
Got something a little pissed off and fired up about.
Yes?
I don't know if you've heard about the Coral Springs Forum at the local newspaper.
The Coral Springs Forum?
Yeah, one of those sitting newspapers like we've got in plantation.
Oh, yeah.
One of those little...
Little trollways, yeah.
Craft things, yeah.
One of those things that litters your driveway.
Yeah, and gets nasty on your driveway, right?
We've got an interesting thing.
It happens that a gentleman I know who's a fire inspector for the city.
There's a...
He takes his girlfriend's kids to the bus stop in the morning before he goes to work.
Make sure they get on the bus okay.
Make sure everything's okay.
Some lady who's taking disability pay because she's mentally unstable and unable to work,
wrote a letter to the forum asking the city why a fire inspector is around five 12-year-old girls.
Now the city instead of asking him once him fired.
Because he's taking the girls to the bus stop?
Yeah.
Now, I'm pissed off and fired up because of somebody I know.
Thank God there's no gangs or any other problems in Coral Springs.
My nice things are shootings or stuff like that.
This is a hate plan.
Coral Springs Fire Department employee.
Who you would assume it would be appreciated that he's standing there.
Right.
But apparently this lady has demanded his resignation from the department.
He's been there 18 years.
Based on what?
In other words, he's borderline mental and maybe over the borderline with Madonna and the belongs in institutions somewhere.
He is.
Yeah.
She's accepting disability pay from the United States.
Right.
Living in Canada.
He ought to be more to it than that.
I mean why would they take the word of some one wacko without asking anybody any questions?
Well, what the story behind it apparently has come down to is that human resources had a problem in the city of Coral Springs a couple years back.
Yeah.
With an employee in that situation.
So let's make him escape code.
Is that what you're saying?
It seems that way.
And they're not doing anything about it.
They actually, as a matter of fact, suspended him when it came out the paper.
Now, they were known for what?
For doing what?
For being at a bus stop.
Yeah.
Does that make him a pedophile?
I must have a lot of pedophiles in my neighborhood because they got a school bus stop right on the corner by my house.
And 730 every morning when the little kids go to school, their parents are there and everybody else to make sure they get on the bus.
And that's fine with me.
I think that's a good idea.
I see it every morning.
I was personally pissed off fired up by the way.
They made my $200 donation to Center One.
Thank you.
Getting five sets a year.
CDs.
Great.
Great, by the way.
God bless you.
It's a great Christmas present.
See it's a hockey game tonight.
All right.
Just open it.
Just off and fired up about.
I think some people might have some interesting opinions on that.
Okay.
Tells you what we got.
Good luck, pal.
Great and show you.
Thanks a lot.
How do you like that?
Well, like I said, thank God they have no other important problems up there in Coral Springs.
That's a real good save up.
Two open lines in Dead County, 5605, 60 and pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
See, they invented Coral Springs so that dark, complex people who live like in bad and dead, like in ghettos.
So that they can appreciate the fact that there are places where there are nothing but lily white people.
We have all kinds of crime and real serious problems too to make everybody feel better.
That's right.
Here's the mobile in western.
Hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
I moved out of Coral Springs 12 years ago and I got a ticket for changing a flat tire my driveway.
I don't go much back or much.
I just said that everything that's got like Coral Gimals, Coral Springs.
Anything that's connected with Coral in this town automatically is a bunch of blue nose assholes.
Why is that?
I don't know.
I just wanted to call it, tell you I had my white dollar into your website last night.
And we purchased one or everything on there.
All right.
The Rick and Suds and Phil stuff and all those just kind of wanted to.
Yeah, whatever we got.
Beautiful.
How you want to let you know that and have a good day now.
Thanks so much.
Thanks a lot.
Okay.
How do you like that?
You can flip right onto your neorongers.com.
I'm the internet.
I'll you internet hoppers out there.
Neorongers.com.
And you can buy not only this year's stuff, but we got stuff from the past.
From when Phil was on IOD and the Rick and Suds, whatever we got left over that stuff.
Because we're going to put the big press on.
We're putting on the full court press better than the NBA because they're not playing too much these days.
All these pony baloney fundraisers that they're involved in which a little tiny portion of the proceeds goes to some charity.
And the rest of the money.
Well, we got to be put in red on the table.
You know.
I mean, when somebody is making 350, they would be like my coming on here and saying, hey, you know.
I really would like to I lost a little money out in Vegas.
I'd like to cover my losses.
I lost 75 bucks a pump at O'Park the other night.
Things are getting a little bit tight.
Can you folks help me out a little bit?
Can you help an old bag on a cat lick?
You know something like that?
Or I'm not a cat lick.
I mean, I mean, talk about Hutzpah and Goal.
You need me sitting out there like, you know, smashing your fist into the goddamn radio and rightfully so.
Although, you know, when you come right down to it.
You know, and these goons, these morons, these illiterate imbithels.
Who provide minimal entertainment.
But again, I see the NBA is another one of those things where they try to convince you that you're having a good time.
Like they like the slam dunk contest.
See, whenever they have a sport and they have to do, it's like the NHL All-Star game is a total joke and a waste of time.
So they have to do the skills competition to spice it up.
To try to make you think that the All-Star game is really entertaining.
I mean, there's a lot of stars there, but there's no hitting and there's no real game.
And it's like 20 to 15 is the score because, you know, there's nothing really going on related to what hockey's all about.
So they have to spice it up with some alternative kind of crap to make it into a staged event.
So you think, wow, this is really great.
Like on the Graceland, for example.
I'm just, I'm almost speechless to be, if, like I said, if I would have had a couple of Yahoo Sound and Women.
Who sounded like they lived in the trailer park right down to 441.
I'd say, hey, you know, great. That goes with the territory.
There'll probably be our jury springer next week, you know.
But a couple of guys back to back who have been to Graceland.
I thought I was supposed to be the Faggot.
What kind of a guy was so into Elvis that he goes to Graceland.
And then tries to cover it up by talking about all the attractive women there.
Are we buying that?
Yeah. Who the hell are you kidding, Mr. Right.
Here's Boynton D.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Who the whole who loves Elvis.
Yeah.
And I've been to Graceland.
Oh, no.
No.
No.
Not a whole deal who's been to Graceland.
Oh, my God.
With my wife.
Yeah.
And please tell me she dragged you there.
You didn't really go there, Fallon.
There wasn't your idea.
Was it?
It was both.
Oh, my God.
Oh.
And she got upset because I was, you know, just looking.
There are pretty women there.
Yeah.
Don't let them tell you.
Are they really?
By the way, that other song by Bobby Daren.
Yeah.
Let's play.
Yeah.
Or split.
Okay.
Now, there was a big hit, but there was a bubblegum record.
I mean, it was fun.
It was a fun record.
But you would hardly say that splish, flash makes Bobby Daren a great musician that we should admire
in referring to both of Stachi, right?
We're going to go to Graceland again.
You are?
When they have the 25th anniversary.
No.
No, you're not.
Please tell me you're joking.
It's been a couple years.
I beg you.
Please tell me you're kidding me.
Please.
No.
How about when Julio Iglesius dies.
Are you going to go to see his thing?
No, Elvis was the king.
Yeah.
I got to go.
Thank you.
Okay.
He said, Elvis was the king and Julio was the queen or something like that.
Oh, my God.
Can you believe that?
A whole Julio is for Elvis.
Let's start a new organization.
Julio is for Elvis.
What do you say?
All right.
Open line is Broward.
5, 6, 7, 8, 8.
See, it goes to show.
We think we know something.
We know nothing.
We know absolutely positively.
Nothing.
If we would just listen to more of what these people have to tell us, we'd be very depressed.
But nevertheless, we'd understand what's really going on out there.
Just like I've tried to explain to you about certain of your sexual myths that you harbor.
That you just ask.
No, please.
Please don't start again.
I've seen much more of the real world than you ever have.
Hopefully someday you'll see what the real world is all about, which is definitely not here.
It's also not Montana, Mr. Okay?
There may be a lot of action.
A lot of people get delayed.
But the real world is not Montana or the pizza lot.
Okay?
I will wreck your fantasy.
Okay.
Whatever you say.
This man, such a...
You know, it's that Cuban thing again.
You know, it's got to be pressing.
It's 1126 and 560, WQM.
Where do you find Joe Rose?
Jeff DeFarris has Steve Goldstein.
The first team.
Right where you got it.
Sports radio, 560, QAM.
This is the second of the tomorrow with Joe Ruther.
This is his brain.
Who are you asking?
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
In the office there's a guy named Melvin.
He pretends that I am Murphy Brown.
He'll say, I'm ready.
He will say, whoa, Ray, girl, the thing.
Until the light is out of town.
Later on in DeFarris.
We can trick him.
He's like my daughter.
But I'm from my shame.
And you're not worried.
Walk in the middle and raise it on your way.
Lately things.
In fact, I feel bad.
And I'm sure we're in our clothes.
Still panty-hole.
Walk in the middle and raise it on your way.
Walk in the middle and raise it on your way.
Walk in the middle and raise it on your way.
You call that a penis?
132-550-WQM.
We got some major radio news.
Here you go.
You heard it first right here on 560-WQA-M.
The stupid talk network.
You made a say that that John Ford show was a bomb.
Uh-huh.
Wow.
And he even outdid Mr. Ego's numbers.
He was like down there in the fractions in the morning,
with a totally incipient point of the show,
even with that broad that they had on there.
And was that a different one?
Did they have like a first one that they came?
Because the first one kept talking too much and he didn't like it.
And she actually had something to say.
So he's going to be history.
Now is that December 22nd?
I'll give you, I'll give this audience 50,000 guesses
who's going to be doing mornings on Stupid Talk network.
I'll give you 50,000 guesses
who's going to be getting up real early in the morning
and do it mornings again.
Well, that makes us feel like duty.
Okay, there's the first clue, okay?
And they're real happy about it.
I'll tell you that.
Damn it. Yeah.
They are. Aren't you guys happy?
Go ahead.
All right.
No, seriously.
You know, they're...
Well, I can't help it if you don't like it.
Well, okay.
I didn't say it in like it.
I just said you guys are going to be doing mornings again, okay?
Oh.
Oh, good.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Kleenex.
Yeah, okay, they're excited about it.
Rick and Sput in the morning.
I thought those guys hated the morning show.
They hated being on the morning.
And of course, now the story will be all
what are going to have all kinds of other stuff.
Now, it is true that IOD gave them nothing in the morning
to give them no assistance whatsoever.
And wait for it.
When you...
When you people here who's going to be doing afternoons
because obviously they're locked into Dr. Laura and Laura
and they're forever now that they're with the...
they bought out J-Core and they're going to have that crap on forever, I guess.
But when you hear who's going to be doing afternoon drive,
once we're concerned start doing mornings on the Stupid Talk network,
you're going to...
I swear to God, Peter Panse.
You're going to be...
Squirt Squirt all for yourself.
You're going to maybe even do a little number or whatever.
Number three, which is one and two combined.
When you hear...
Here's a little clue.
Brook Daniels, the battling...
Brook is going to be back on here in the afternoon.
Who just hung around town long enough to go back again.
With that real New Yorkie, you know,
it's Randy Jr.'s what it is.
Right, Jr.
Randy Jr. back on here again.
With that real offensive abrasive New York sound.
And we can hear about how she had that accident
when she was waxing the hair off of her...
whatever it was.
Kenny Kinchin.
Yeah.
So here's the fact...
That's just amazing.
Rick and Suds in the mornings, Dr. Laura,
Lord Ass, and Brook, battling Brook.
And accident and drive.
I've wanted to walk a little bit more on the Stupid Talk network.
50,000 watts of pure unadulterated...
with all due respect to my friends Rick and Suds.
Okay, well Suds anyway.
Now seriously, you know, Rick is for some reason
that tremendous hostility, so I understand.
Yeah, maybe I'm wrong.
I won't even dignify my existence over there.
Just because I called a one time when I was in my 7 month limbo
and I said, let's have lunch one day.
And then something came up and I said,
well let's do it a later time.
Or you're really serious about that?
And I said, no.
What the hell I'm going to eat with you for a dumbbell?
Nah, they're okay.
Suds especially. Suds is great.
Rick, Rick is, you know, an acquired taste.
Anyway, here's a fact that says,
a friend of mine and I stopped by a grace land
and I drive back from Chicago.
We smoked a big fat joint before we went in.
Yeah, man.
And it was the most bizarre experience in my life.
It says Mike who sent me this fact.
These people were completely obsessed.
He says, everything was so incredibly tacky.
It was beyond belief.
Just imagine a millionaire whose trailer trash,
that's Elvis.
The tourists who were actually taking everything seriously
reminded me of the religious fanatics you've seen in the Middle East.
Needless to say, we laughed our asses off
although we resisted the temptation of buying a lovely portrait of Elvis on velvet
or an Elvis aftray.
It says, you're right, most people think their life is unimportant,
this trip proved your theory.
It's pathetic.
We gotta go see the king.
The king.
He's the dead for 21 years.
Let's go see the king.
It's like going to Egypt and going to see the Pharaoh, you know.
You know, he's the dead for a little while.
I don't want to see no Pharaoh.
I don't want to see no king.
I don't want to see no queen.
You know, enough of this crap already.
Idol worship.
Doesn't the Bible specifically forbid that?
Doesn't God say he don't want you to worship idols?
Until you start doing your rosary beads and then see that virgin Mary
on the side of the bank building and say, okay,
that's time I'm going to spend my idol time going to Graceland.
I don't want to judge.
If you want to go to Graceland, it's a great country.
All I can say is any guy that goes to Graceland, he's an asshole.
And any choreo that goes to Graceland, he's an asshole.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
Okay, sir.
Boy, do I got a Graceland story for you?
Oh, no, you're not a whole deal here.
That has been there, but never at the time.
Please tell me you were kidnapped and you didn't go out to him.
Yes, last minute I was kidnapped and I decided to, uh,
my mother and mother didn't use to me at the time and I want to pick her up.
You want me to go to Elvis and uh, told her that I was,
I wanted to go.
So last minute, I dropped them off and I didn't want to,
so what I did, I drove 15 minutes, uh, 15, 20 minutes drive to the casinos.
Yeah.
And I punched my brains out.
I'm right.
And uh, I'll see you out of that pathetic, uh,
21-year-old, uh, ghost.
But uh, I punched my brains out.
I lost a lot of money, but I think I was worth, uh,
Yeah, you made the right choice, then.
I made the right choice.
You can still look in the mirror and know that you're a real man.
Thank you, Neil.
Have a great holiday.
And back to you, sir.
How do you like that?
There's a real man, okay?
He resisted the temptation.
That's right.
He resisted.
We have an open line in day five, six, seven,
like the guy's daughter and the godfather.
She resisted.
She kept her honor.
Look at her now, though.
She don't look too good, but she resisted and she kept her honor.
Here's a lady, mobile and cool spring.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
When I see you tonight at the game,
I'm going to give a contribution to Santa One.
Thank you.
And also, I subside with the man at the bus stop.
You know, that situation that's going on,
because my husband sometimes takes the daughter to the bus stop.
Right.
But my daughter, Mr. Busy, other day,
and I had a very, very bad experience.
I was driving home and some man was walking to the newspaper
with a rope and a person is here, wild, and it was rumored.
I come home and have my bagel.
And you notice he was probably in the next door's neighbor's house,
because there was probably a dare paper that he was lifting off the driveway.
I don't know, but I couldn't eat my bagel when I got home.
Oh, my God.
What a grotesque way to start today.
It was like a beige like a robe and it was like tied loosely.
And the bear was, oh, she has to make the bus.
We have to send her to the bus stop.
Oh, both of you tonight will give you a lad donation.
Okay.
Okay.
Have a good day.
Bye-bye.
See you tonight.
How do you like that?
Rimmer.
In a bathrobe stealing somebody's newspaper on the next stoop, next door.
Oh, boy.
How can you stand?
The images of Rimmer in the morning like a barely awakened dress
with adheres slick back like he does in those telecasts.
They stuck.
We have an open line in Dave County, 5, 6, 7, over.
Oh, by the way, SPAM.
Glad he mentioned that.
I'm so glad he mentioned the rim man.
I'm watching life.
And by the way, there were a couple of great games online.
How come our home games don't look anything like those guys see Philadelphia and Jersey?
What are you?
5, 5, over time.
Ty.
Sintillating game.
Unbelievable.
Back and forth.
And up and out.
These are stuck to join out.
They had to put an hex doll.
So the beasur is letting in these greasy goals.
I mean, one that they actually assisted on.
They tip came out of the net.
Passed it right to Dave Andrew Juck who stuck it right back in the net behind him.
And so here's John.
Poor John, bad beasur.
Kevin, a rough night and go for Philadelphia.
My phone rings 9 o'clock at night.
And I'm thinking, who the f*** is this?
Who do you think it was?
The beasurs having a bad night.
My phone rings.
I look at my caller ID.
It's the rim man.
I said, I know why you're calling.
It's another beasur bag.
She's what it is.
You see those goals that he let in?
They stuck.
Don't ever forget it.
Okay, as long as you live, boys and girls, Jeff Rimmer hates John van Beasbrook.
Doesn't dislike him.
Doesn't resent him.
Hates the beasur like poison.
Okay, hates this spices has a voodoo.
And he admitted to me he's got a little voodoo doll.
And every time he'd stick a pin in it, there'd be another guy named Goal for the devils last night.
So if you want to blame the beasur for having a bad night, you can go ahead and do it.
But it was the goddamn rim man.
They stuck.
Yeah, he's the one responsible.
Hateful, hateful man.
And good born again.
Christian, John van Beasbrook, what the hell's wrong with that?
Twenty before noon at 5.50 WQM's.
And beat that gator me.
I was parked.
Sadly parked.
He can't stand your nose apart.
He can't stand the fudge you can tell.
Someone did it by that awful sound.
What the hell is you believe?
It smells just like rock music.
Silent parts.
Deadly parts.
I just wanted to ask him heart.
I watched a woman test with a low hand.
She was very miserable.
I walked right out of that place.
With a big smile on my face.
I was parked.
Sadly parked.
He's white and orange.
Black one goes, but don't look back.
I'm the victim of your suicide.
If you're in church when you do.
You have to stay in your church.
You never even thought that there's any experience with somebody I want to know who cuts the cheese.
I need help.
We have an open line at Broward 2 and Day.
We've heard only from, I mean, granted, 90% of our calls are from men anyway.
I'll tell you why.
I'm not sure if you're trying to get a job.
I'm not sure if you're trying to get a job.
I'm not sure if you're trying to get a job.
I'm not sure if you're trying to get a job.
I'm not sure if you're trying to get a job.
I'm not sure if you're trying to get a job.
I'm not sure if you're trying to get a job.
I'm not sure if you're trying to get a job.
I'm not sure if you're trying to get a job.
I'm not sure if you're trying to get a job.
I'm not sure if you're trying to get a job.
I'm not sure if you're trying to get a job.
I'm not sure if you're trying to get a job.
I'm not sure if you're trying to get a job.
I'm not sure if you're trying to get a job.
I'm not sure if you're trying to get a job.
I'm not sure if you're trying to get a job.
I'm not sure if you're trying to get a job.
I'm not sure if you're trying to get a job.
I'm not sure if you're trying to get a job.
I'm not sure if you're trying to get a job.
I'm not sure if you're trying to get a job.
I'm not sure if you're trying to get a job.
I'm not sure if you're trying to get a job.
to America's innocence.
How about Rick Nelson?
How about the Robert Young father knows best.
They were actors.
Yeah, he was a baseball player.
He was a real person.
So you're telling me that Robert Young wasn't a real person or that Aussie Nelson wasn't a real person?
Well, I wasn't around for that, but what you saw of that?
What you weren't around for that, but you also weren't around for Joe to Maggio.
Yeah, but there were still real people.
I mean, you know, a guy puts on a jock strap in the uniform.
He's a baseball player.
He's still a guy when he's standing there naked in the shower as disgusting as that thought is with Joe to Maggio, especially now.
But I mean, even then, he's still a human being.
Aussie Nelson, when he stood naked in the shower, it was also grotesque, but he was a human being.
He's a guy.
I think you're oversimplifying.
How about leave it to Beaver?
Okay, can we agree on that?
Leave it to Beaver was our last Tony Dow was our last link with whatever you're making with America's innocence.
Gee, Wally.
Right, this is, now at least you've seen leave it to Beaver, right?
Of course.
Okay, great show.
I love the Beaver.
Oh, geez.
Now we're starting to get personal, okay?
I try to keep this on an intellectual plane, and he's given us a song and an auntie loves the Beaver, all right?
Oh, America loves the Beaver.
In fact, I guarantee if you would ask most men in America right now, who are you more fond of?
Joe, the Maggio, or the Beaver.
No contest.
It's the Beaver.
There you go.
I rest my case.
Boy, that was easy.
Piece of cake.
Snacks the answer right out of nowhere, baby.
You what?
The answer out of nowhere?
I pulled it right out of my head.
Ianked it.
You know, Joe is getting like those other five-year-old guys over there in the other building.
He's starting to talk like a hell of a lot too much of you know?
He's going to be like his own little show over there.
Give these guys a little encouragement just like Josh Frieden.
He's got like your firmer disease.
That can't figure it out.
I mean, here's Joe.
Here's a little Joe over there telling us about Joe to Maggio.
See, this is one of the things that's a curse of this radio station like Geldy.
I forget who he was talking about several weeks ago, and I made mention of it on the year.
He was talking about some of Red Barber.
What does Geldy know about Red Barber?
Did he ever hear Red Barber?
No.
He heard a few tapes, a few clips from Red Barber, okay?
Does that make him an expert on Red Barber?
No.
Do you know anything about Red Barber's work?
No.
About anything.
Nothing.
So we got a bunch of little punks on this station who are experts on guys who died or who quit playing or broadcasting,
whatever it is before these people were even born.
The only reason Joe can still like this is because it's another Wap name, Joe.
Oh yeah, that's a good point.
Another Wap name, Joe.
I never thought about that.
That's true.
With a bad nose.
Huh, never thought about that.
There you go.
Now the links are starting to tie together.
And of course Joe's got that Merlin Monroe blow up now.
So you put all of that together, and now I start fitting right in like a rubber glove.
We have two open lines in days.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60.
Let's hear it from the beaver, huh?
I personally like Tony Dalm, myself.
I've only mentioned like 20,000 times used to wear those thin plastic belts.
Yeah, I had one, believe it or not.
Can't you imagine me right now with one of those thin plastic?
No.
I don't think so.
No.
Stretchy plastic.
Oh yeah, a quarter-wight pants in a thin plastic belt.
Can you depict you that?
No.
I can't either.
But wouldn't that be fun?
Here's Miami B.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Neil, you talked about that guy as a bus stop earlier.
Yes.
Unless he's got some kids who are waiting for that bus,
I'm like very leery of anybody hanging around a bus stop with kids, you know what I mean?
Well, his girlfriend has got kids there.
Well, okay.
Well, then that makes sense.
Yeah, well that's why he's going there.
He's not a pedophile.
He's not hanging under a molest 5-year-old girl.
Well, then why would they suspend him unless like he's supposed to be like working at the fire station
and he's like doing that with people?
I don't know.
I see.
I'm always reluctant to get into these stories that somebody reads me out of, especially out of a community fish wrapper like that,
that I know nothing about, because then everybody starts conjecturing.
I really don't know.
But maybe we'll find out.
Okay, we have all of the eight lines wide open 5-6705-60, 0.560 on the mobile one line.
Oh.
So in other words, if Joe Dimasio is on a verge, does that mean that Beaver is going to be dead soon too?
Wow, now that'll be...
Now how about a Beaver Museum?
If we got a Joe Dimasio Museum, let's look at that up.
I think I saw one of those in Amsterdam.
It's a 1,55, 560 WQA.
Put that thing away before I put it away for you.
A show was born in the 15th.
About a family so wise.
Oh, right.
The rewans were last forever.
So you can watch the show every night.
Leave it to Beaver.
Oh!
In the morning, Beaver every day of the week.
Yup!
Beaver!
Hey, Wally.
I'll call you little brothers of deep.
The Lord does slap for a living.
But you wear pearls every day.
And when they want to make the movie,
Guess who gets in the way they live it to Beaver?
In the bedroom, the Beaver all through the place.
Beaver!
Gosh, nothing to be does always in your face.
Oh, baby.
Now we can't stand at the Haskell.
He's always telling those lies.
When he answers the kitchen,
He says, Mrs. Cleaver,
You look nice.
Leave it to Beaver.
On the table, Beaver on the UHF.
Beaver!
You can't avoid it.
Beaver's like taxes and debts.
It's always Beaver.
In the morning, Beaver all through the night.
Let's shoot the Beaver.
All right, 1202 at 560 WQM.
I'm telling you that between the Elvis thing and Graceland,
and Joe Castello quoting somebody else's trite clich
about America losing its innocence,
He was our last link to America's innocence.
You remember, like, you know, the early 50s.
Like when we had the McCarthy witch hunts going on,
and all those people in Hollywood communists,
the communists, the communists, the medical ones,
all that stuff was going on.
That was our innocence.
Or how about in 1945,
when we were dropping nuclear weapons on Japan?
How about that?
That was America's innocence, right?
Or killing the Indians with Teddy Roosevelt.
At what point are killing each other during the Civil War?
America lost their innocence.
After Joe Demaggio hung it up.
hung up his jockstrap for the last time.
Thank you, Joe.
We have date county lines wide open.
567, and we still heard from one woman
who's been to Graceland yet today.
Come on, come out wherever you are, okay?
Don't be a pussy about it.
Let's hear it.
We want to hear from some of you outstanding women out there.
I'm sure that people other than trailer park trash,
then scum than the barnacles from the bottom of the ship.
I'm sure that very outstanding ladies have been there
to Graceland and had a wonderful time.
Do we believe that?
No.
567, 05, 60,
Tom 560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a pompano.
Hello?
Hey, Bobby Daren, what about Beyond the Sea?
Beyond the Sea.
There's another mediocre record.
That was okay.
It wasn't mediocre.
That was great.
Hey, he was, you don't know nothing about old rock and roll, man.
I bet I know ten times more than you do.
About what?
About anything.
Yeah, how many fats, domino records you name?
A bunch.
Yeah.
I'm walking.
I'm going to be a wheel someday.
Blueberry Hill.
Very good.
Huh?
Walk into New Orleans.
Uh-huh.
What's the reason I'm not pleasing you?
What?
Okay, there he goes.
What's the reason I'm not pleasing you?
I could sing it.
I could do the lyrics for your palsy.
You name the ones that are Honey Child,
which is the other side of Blueberry Hill, Imperial Records.
You're messing with the expert now, pal.
Don't give me a strong enough dance.
I know nothing about rock and roll music.
Real rock and roll before this crap in this noise.
And Gary Glitter started polluting the airwaves.
We have date county lines wide open where all they know is, uh, you know,
Huchi Kuchi music, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line.
I mean, Bobby Duran Museum.
I think I'll probably check that out.
The Bobby Duran County,
County Francis Frankie Avalon Fabian Museum.
That's certainly, I mean, you know,
this was a very important time in our lives.
That's when we lost our innocence in America.
When County Francis start pumping out those great hits on MGM,
who's sorry now? That was great.
What? I'd like County Francis.
I mean, don't get me wrong.
I'm not saying I don't like those records,
but I'm not, I just can't buy it to the fact that these people are quite as important
as some of you would believe like Dick Clark or any other Dick.
Here's a mobile in Lake Worth. Hello?
Neil, guess what?
Guess what?
I'll go to Greatfoot.
No.
It's everywhere.
No, no, no, no, no, you won't.
You're just making this up to aggravate me.
I'm meeting my girlfriend in Asphol and we're going there.
You're meeting your girlfriend in Asphol?
Oh, a nasty.
A nasty girl.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And who are going over there?
To do what?
What do you mean to do what?
Have you been there before?
No.
Do you want to go there?
Are you doing this to pacify her and the...
No, I want to go.
So does she.
To see what?
To see Greatfoot.
To see everything related to Elves?
No, you're kidding me.
No.
Everything related to him like what?
Is Priscilla going to be there?
She might.
Because it's the anniversary of his birthday January 8th.
Oh my God.
Oh, there'll be thousands there.
I know.
Thousands of sick puppies.
I don't think we're sick.
We like it.
Demented.
My self-hosts go.
I had to let you know then.
Okay, I'll see you at the Pat Boon Museum on February 24th.
We have an open line in Brown.
See what I'm saying?
How many years have I been asking this question?
And today, mark this down.
A day that will live it into me.
We thought Monday would live it into me.
This is December 9th.
Even after the hour would be impressed by this.
Monday or Wednesday, whatever day this is.
December 9th, 1990.
Another day that will live it into me.
The day we finally found out what the people in South Florida have got passionate about.
It's Elves.
It's the King.
They'll come out.
Well, not the Queen.
The King.
They are passionate about.
Two things they're passionate about.
One is the beaver.
And two is Elves.
Not necessarily in that order based on the sound of these guys.
All the men.
Men.
Going to Graceland.
And you wonder what's this, why this country's got a hell on a hand basket?
I think that answers it for you right there.
You like somebody's music?
Like Aerosmith.
I love their music.
I mean, Steve Toddler will not live forever.
If he gets right over by a Mack truck tomorrow.
Okay?
And they build an Aerosmith museum.
And I love Aerosmith.
I love their music.
They're the greatest entertainers.
Their music is sensational.
And those lips and all the other good.
What I got, what I, if they built a museum down the street.
Next to Plyotrapecaldon.
Here they build an Aerosmith museum.
Would I go there?
No.
No, of course not.
Even if they had to see these old lips on display.
I wouldn't care if they had what's your name's lips that you were talking about before.
Yeah, don't say it on the air.
The wax.
Yeah, the wax.
I think I once saw that movie.
Al Goldstein was in it.
Oh, God.
We're going to the Elves Museum.
We're going to Graceland.
This is just sensational.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if we go to a, what's the place that Jim and Tammy Vay Baker.
What was the name of the thing that they had?
Where they were selling all the bogus condominiums that, where they had like, you know, 100 condos and they sold 50,000 of them.
What was the name of that place?
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, I know this too.
It was similar to Graceland.
Well, somebody will call.
Somebody will know the answer to that.
The important stuff.
Not all this stupid Joe to Maggio Garbys.
I mean, you know, so he's a good guy.
He never saw a freight train used to eat at the deli then.
And that's great.
It was a ball player, a very good ball player.
Babe Ruth was a great ball player too.
By the way, better than Joe to Maggio.
And he's been dead for, let's see, 48, it's 50 years.
Are we going to go to the Babe Ruth Museum?
No.
I don't think so.
I mean, when I was a kid, I went to the Hall of baseball Hall of Fame in Cooperstown.
Heritage, USA.
Heritage, USA.
Thank you.
Josh Friedman.
Thank you, Josh.
And you still talk too much.
But anyway, so I went to the baseball hall in Cooperstown, New York, because I was going to camp up in the upstate, up in the mountains during the Adirondex.
And we went there and it was, you know, it was for kids.
When I was in Toronto, like one of the first times a few years ago, I went to the hockey hall of fame.
For kids, I'm not a kid anymore.
Was it interesting to me?
No.
Absolutely not.
In fact, there is more, if you walk into Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto in the lobby, where they have all the pictures and the memorabilia and Bailia, there is more to see there than there is in the hockey hall of fame.
It's for kids.
So I can see little kids going to the Joe Domazio Museum maybe, but we're talking to adults.
He was our last link to America's Joe Costello, Marketown and your counter, one of the most profound comments, even though it's not original, but nevertheless, in the history of the human race.
Joe D was what America was all about.
Agri Italian.
Nine minutes after.
I mean, I go to Rome, I say, and Florence.
Woo!
I see beautiful Italians over there.
Men, women, someone, I'm not sure of.
But we already got enough of the Italian, which is still what good is no stick.
Nine minutes after noon at 560 WQA.
Where do you find Kim Bocampa? Right where you got it.
Sports Radio 560 Q-A-L.
Is that right? Are you happy?
I hate WLD again.
It's stuck in my dick.
I'll be none happy.
It's the old new, leaver-to-beaver, starring Barbara Billingley, Hugh Beaumont, Tony Down, and Clint Eastwood as the beaver.
That's all from now, children.
Freezans.
Everyone except theodore.
Oh crap, what I do now.
Beaver, I want you with my friend.
Well, I am your friend, Miss Landers.
But that's all it is, friends.
But then how can I be your friend?
Oh, geez, you're not going to ask me out again, are you?
But I have to ask you.
Look, we've gone all through this before.
I'm not taking you out again.
But I'm theater.
I'm a sight I'm going to have to write a note to your father.
You're going to write a note to my dad, seeing you got the hot for an eight-year-old boy.
You know, theodore.
I've always thought you were one of the nicest boys in this class.
Don't know, Miss Landers, say no more.
Look, you're fun to go out and have a few beers with and everything.
But why don't you save it?
Make a move on me in one of my next dirty Harry movies or something.
I like theodore.
Nothing personal.
And you got a nice bod.
I like the other one.
I don't know about you, but I like the elderly brothers a lot better than Elvis.
So, is there any comparison between the elderly brothers and Elvis?
No.
And they look a lot better too, by the way.
Elvis always had that look that sneer on his face like somebody just cut a real bad.
Something smell real bad.
He looked okay, but I mean, he had done it until everly.
I was obsessed with the elderly brothers.
I used to wear like touch it.
Because I was so excited when I would see them like on Ed Solomon or one of those TV shows.
The elderly brothers were great.
I don't know, yes, for this.
They're both still alive.
But is there an elderly brothers museum?
No.
Is there ever going to be an elderly brothers museum?
No.
Is there anybody in this audience going to go to the elderly brothers museum if we should build one like right now?
No.
And why not?
The elderly.
God, they were just sensational.
They were great.
Okay, and the thing about Elvis Presley is that he didn't create like that style of music.
Rhythm and Blues was like in the early 50s.
He stole from Chuck Berry and Fat Stomano and all those other dark, complex people.
He didn't, he was no innovator.
He was just somebody who was used by the Colonel to make a lot of money.
And the reason that he died the way that he didn't, he got big and fat and bloated and had to keep working even longer.
And do those shows in Vegas is because he never had any money because Colonel Parker stole all his money.
Because he made him a deal that was that only a fool, only some pumpkin from Memphis would make.
And he did.
But anyway, here's the lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Meal?
Yes, ma'am.
I'm a normal woman whose embarrassment has been a great one.
Oh no.
I was wasting a part of it.
Were we there for the elderly brothers museum?
No, I didn't see that attraction.
It's Elvis.
I was wasting part of the day in Memphis and that's where I had the cab driver taking.
And how was it?
I don't know.
It was pretty dull, but the best part, you wouldn't appreciate there's a cafeteria that has all of Elvis' favorite recipes.
And I had a fried manor and peanut butter sandwich.
Oh right.
Great.
And they have this old man who I think was his great uncle sitting in a cottage and he would tell you stories about young Elvis.
Yeah.
He was like this old decrepit man that they kept there like the groundskeeper I think.
Did he explain how come Elvis to slupply his mommy with Gladys?
It was like 19 or 20 years old in the same bed.
I know it was a peep-rated tour.
He didn't even get to see Elvis' bedroom.
Oh my God.
Now did you get to see the body at least in the casket, the wax dummy?
No, but they have an area where he's buried with his mother and somebody else.
His dead twin.
Well see there you go.
He's dead twin that died at birth or whatever.
And his name is Stellbrong on the headstone so you're supposed to believe that that was a sign that he's not really dead.
And all the Elvis files were out there talking about that.
Right.
It was a good waste of a half a day.
Would you go back?
No.
Oh okay.
I feel better now.
Okay so we don't have a great holiday.
You too, go back.
Well at least she sounds rational.
She had some time to kill.
She said the cad driver.
Take me to the foot of the George Washington Bridge.
We have an open line at date.
566705, 60.5, 60 on the mobile one line.
I mean what's wrong with the elderly boy?
Son.
We love to see you.
We love to see you.
I'll tell you another one.
We want to have a museum.
We never had a museum in life, wouldn't it?
We never put you in a club, you're all.
Jerry Lee's a little bit of sun pocket fun.
He married someone like four years old.
She was a store penis.
He used to have a few problems.
Oh I'll tell you now.
I'll tell you who ought to have a museum.
Close personal friend of ours that used to be
that was on the show before.
Here's my story inside the truth.
About a girl that I want to do.
Okay.
Any comparison, Elvis Presley and Dion,
no comparison whatsoever.
Dion de Mucci is 50,000 times the same.
The musician, the singer, the talent, the human being,
that Elvis Presley could possibly ever have been.
Am I right?
You knock on the road.
Stop it, man, it may.
I want to tell a friend what I heard of.
But this is so stony, it's awful.
I want to tell everything I know.
I want to break up the sign of fire.
Well, if somebody's got to go.
You know, Neil total rich.
Richie told the burden.
Ferry total Annie.
Annie total mother.
Tell her, right to two don't stop me.
Talk.
I'm gonna tell everything I know.
You know like that.
Like that.
Oh, sorry about that.
George gets goosebumps every time he hears the bird laughing.
The great Dion baby, there's a musician for it.
There's a guy who's got more talent as little finger.
But these people are slipping the grace plan because it's part of the American thing.
Like the great Joe Costello would say,
it's one of our remaining, a few remaining links with America's innocence.
Elvis, gyrating his hips on the Ed Solomon show and the Steve Allen show.
That was one of our last links to whatever.
Okay, I believe you.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Annie, what's up?
How you doing, sir?
I'm alright.
How are you?
Great.
I agree with you.
I know that he sucks.
I didn't say he sucks, but I mean, what's the big deal that you would do to a museum?
Why would anybody go to a museum?
Do we have a Beatles museum?
No, I don't think so.
What was he babbling?
I didn't hear it, but whatever the hell he said.
Okay, we have an open line in Broward.
56670560, pump 560 on the mobile one line.
One of your people, I'm sure.
Oh, thanks, sir.
I'm going to tell you how much I appreciate you.
You're just a wafer in the world or not.
You're like a child with an effort.
I'm so out of step with the rest of mankind.
Thank God.
You're like a child with the Emperor's new clothes.
And I appreciate you.
I mean, sometimes you get to thank your little, old man.
And then you hear, I hear you in the voice of sanity and your grace.
You and me against the world, sweetheart.
Well, there's so many crazy people.
And also, if I might turn to such a little, a fight, marijuana, it's...
Yeah, man.
It's medicinal.
I mean, I have bloke karma.
I get migraine headaches.
Now, this is all cure, a cure for these or keep them abated.
And it's good for depression and it's good for your appetite.
It's good for pain.
And there's nothing I'll tell you what it does.
It stimulates the mind and the government doesn't want our minds to be infected.
That's right. The government wants a lot of dumb, illiterate people out there.
And they've certainly seen it well.
Nice going, government.
Yeah.
Well, thank you, my name's Sally.
Thank you, Neil.
I'll call again. God bless you.
Okay, Sally.
Okay, it's your beer.
Bye-bye.
Okay, go over all the big brown ones.
We have an open line in day 5, 6, 7, 05.
Isn't that what Bob Lincoln said in that plan?
I'm ready to drop a big brown one.
And he sure did. Right on all of us on our heads.
All those great...
And you know, I still wanted to people say, hey, Neil,
are you going to do any more of those group trips to Vegas?
And I say, no.
Real loud, I say, no.
Like that.
That's right. You hear me?
How about...
No.
How about not? You hear it?
How about... No.
Boy.
Now, I'll be going to Vegas again, like, you know,
with friends of my choice, like one or two.
Not the...
Not no more group groups with the...
Oh, boy.
Those are the days.
We have an open line in Dave County.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one.
I have a great oldies thing here, but there's no disc in it.
I guess somebody at the other joint decided they'd like this one.
So much, they would just kind of borrow it.
Like, used to happen with the TV things and stuff all the time, remember that?
We'd have the jewel cases, but you look inside.
Oh, my. There's nothing in there.
Got it empty.
The cupboard is bare.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great. Good.
I think you're missing the point with...
What is the point?
Let's hear it.
Well, I think he's an icon because he...
of his antics on stage.
America was more repressed than he was...
He was sexual.
He was a decent looking guy, wasn't he?
Yeah, he was okay.
He was alright.
And we talked before on your show how...
how America's a trailer trash country.
Yeah.
And he fit right in.
I have no real estate.
Well, listen, if Elvis was an icon, then Jerry Springer must be a monster.
He must be gigantic.
Yeah, but Jerry Springer has no... has no appeal.
And I think Elvis did.
I think if the appeal transcends his music.
Well, then how come all those paid people in the audience are going,
Jerry, Jerry, how come they do that for an hour every day?
Well, that's because they're getting paid for it.
Well, because Elvis is dead.
Oh, I see.
But Neil, Brook Daniels, not the change of subject, Brook Daniels is coming back.
Where'd you hear that?
Neil, Neil, I want to...
I want to drive pal on the Stupid Talk Network.
I want to ask you a question.
Yeah.
You've been all around the country doing radio.
How can someone who didn't succeed at one time be hired to not succeed again by...
Well, listen, that's...
What's point?
That they keep...
They're shuffling the same people around, moving them around.
That's the people's philosophy, by the way.
He did that on FTO.
He does that all the time.
He takes the same people, moves them around from one day part to another.
And if they fail, you know, the first time he figures they're going to succeed the next time.
He could put Brook Daniels on it any hour, morning, noon or night.
And she's still is going to have no numbers.
But doesn't...
But doesn't Rick and...
Don't Rick and Sus have good numbers in the afternoon?
Why would you...
No, there's nobody on that station that has good numbers.
They have better numbers than the rest of the station, which isn't saying a lot.
But on that station, how much are they going to do, you know?
But I don't understand.
What has Brook Daniels been doing for the last two years?
Does she look for work or is she...
Is she panning?
He's been hanging out waiting for the big opening, so to speak.
And I guess she found it.
It's a big opening.
Right.
Have a great day, pal.
Everybody's looking for at least a little opening, and she found a big opening.
We have an open line in day one and Broward.
566705, 60.560 on the mobile one line.
I'll tell you where you're fine.
Just open wide and stick some real pleasure in there.
We're talking about the Nixie Gardens now, of course.
Today's Wednesday last time I'm really starving today.
I'm going to have my Nixie balls today.
You didn't know she had any?
Oh, boy.
I would love to keep you all to myself.
Here's my story, stand by truth.
About a girl called Sifalissus.
Oh!
Had a bug and ran it around.
Give it to every guy in town.
Excuse me.
I'll never ever ...
Oh, boy.
Really.
BUexisting.
Stupid eyes like that.
This sentence just as strange, for years old.
Can you be?
And hue like it's...
okay.
I shouldn't know the fun the bottom's hilarious I didn't know within your
own underdrip about a photo will always be with you
So stay away from the civilist suit
I shouldn't see the signs
No sense of a friend on mine
You got it back to now I've got it to
So keep away from the civilist suit
Yeah, keep away from that girl
Hope that I'm feeling no too now
Keep away from the civilist
She likes to see the smiles
Yeah, keep away from that girl
We didn't ever know it's a car
Now I'm afraid it's falling off here's the moral of the story
For the guy who knows
Use the hammer hole to spread this fungus
So ask any food that she ever knew
I keep away from the civilist suit
Yeah, keep away from that girl
Okay, now let me ask you because maybe I'm wrong is there a I don't think that there's a
Crickets Museum is there no an insect museum
But is there a cricket museum? No, I don't think so
Maybe there's the Roach Motel but is there a cricket museum?
No, crickets fall offane. No, I don't think so
Butting Holly in the crickets
What's wrong with them? I mean he was very very ugly
Not as ugly as the guy that played him in the movie though
What is his name that horrible?
Gary Bucy
Oh, Gary Bucy
Oh, just the name is grotesque
Just an abusive
What kind of a name is that?
Every time I think of that name
The word pus comes to mind
You know what I'm saying?
As in Pussy and Bucy
What however that is
Most seriously that's he just a
Disgusting looking human being
The Gary of Pussy
Whatever's name is
But buddy Holly and the crickets my god
If he would have been up there in a plane with a big bopper and Richie valance
As a matter of fact I'll tell you who I'll tell you one right now
Where the hell what cut is this one moment place
All to have a museum right now
Probably on South Beach
Any my love remember this? Of course you love
And you know why don't I never have a museum
Because any group name is clean
And I'm looking at my museum
I'm literally a Spanish
And how about the Johnny and Jody?
Over the mountains
I throw the sea
Oh and I'll tell you who there ought to be even though he may be from Canada
Oh
There's no space
I hit this record
Anybody seen the Paul Anker museum lately? No
There you go I rest my case
We have an open line and a Rick Nelson museum
I mean is there any question about it
Any doubt whatsoever
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line all these assholes out here we're going to Grace Land my girl
We're going to Jesus God
I mean if that's what turns you on more power to you like I said it's a free world have a great time
Here's North Miami hello
How you doing Neil pretty good how you doing?
Hey, I'm from Memphis
Yeah down here maybe 10 years ago
I grew up there and you wouldn't believe the Alice Fondale in the half of that city
Oh yeah it's I mean it's a total cottage
industry there
You can name any product any product made in the universe Elvis toilet paper
Elvis condoms right and they were yeah
Elvis's name would be attached to Elvis cheeseburgers
And it's it's not just not the locals it's all over the world
People signing the wall signing writing on the side
See what they really ought to do is have the Colonel Parker museum because he's the one that created this whole thing
You know he made something out of absolutely nothing out of very little
That's that's a hello phenomenon let me tell you some and like I said I'm from there and I have
I still have no interest in seeing I have not even been in the house
Say the irony of it all we take we go back every year and we take my kids are grown
And sometimes we take some of their friends up there and two of these friends are Cuban
And their parents told me to take their kids through Grace Land
Oh my god can you believe that that is totally unbelievable
So just to show you how far his hand reaches out there. Yeah really does he's
You're not extracting it and grabbing it right. I feel like let's tell you that okay. Thanks, pal
I'll be in the Grace Land
Okay, there you go. They're all slumping a Grace Land maybe because they're told that's the thing to do
Just like all these people that are slumping of the sawgrass and every time I ask the question why they don't have an answer because
It's nothing
Because somebody said when you're here, so this is a place you must go to see
Sawgrass is there anything exciting going on there? No any relief phenomenal story
No that you must see like major humongous like a aferris wheel going around and being no anything no
We have an open line and Broward all three and dates
See now I'm starting to date myself. Why don't you play the teen queens? That's the end of this show
5 6 705 60 and pound 5 60 on the mobile one line and that's back in the 50s when we didn't even know that we had any teen queens
Yeah, now he's doing that that's the same one with his
Adam yeah, okay, maybe you and Adam and Denise can they lope okay?
Okay, one call left on the board. It's out of this world. It's in Jupiter. Hello
In 1975
We went are you slipping New York? No, yes, the natural calcium. Yes, who guess what I saw
In 1975 at the natural calcium
Any in the teen queens
Oh, I was a person yeah, and it was and you lived to tell about it. That's right
I saw Judy Garland at Radio City musical and I had ticked senior wences. I had tickets to see him in
1977 yeah August 22nd as you know he died the 16th I still have as I know he died the 16 like like it's in the day
That I keep on the tip of my tongue. Oh, Tom Cal and my memory bank. Yes
I still have the ticket. Yeah, never traded in. I don't know what it's worth today, but
I still have it and I was a grateful
Yeah, and I love it. Why?
What is your love about it? Everything
They're like what give me a for instance give me some reason that somebody should go there to see what it's 12 cars
uh
Awards room
The award room the award room they said if you wrapped his records around
They'd wrap around the world, you know about one and a half times because he sold in well an excess of a billion
And that was years ago. You know you have to say one thing you were judged by your ratings and that shows what a good talent you are
Now elders sold you know more than to not through the Beatles and Michael Jackson combined. So you got to say you got to
I think that's wrong. Yes, he has. I think that's very wrong. No, it's he should hold the record. Yeah George is the Beatles
So the record. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, yes, yes, yes. Yeah. Is there a Beatles Museum? There's no isn't there believe me?
I'm telling the truth. Well, let me ask you this who
Do you think had a greater impact on music around the world Elvis Presley or the Beatles? Oh, Elvis
Because John Leonard even said without Elvis. There would have been no Beatles. Uh-huh
And without Chuck Berry. There would have been no Elvis. Well, you have to remember Elvis. Is there a Chuck Berry Museum? Elvis combined
Their Fats Domino Museum. Elvis combined the country the rock ability and of course the black
rock ability
Rock ability
And the rhythm and blues in the gospel were huge influences in Elvis's life
Those four things combined the rhythm and blues in the gospel and the rock ability in the country
Was put all together and he put his own style into it. Yeah
And that was it
And you think you could play people or fakeers?
Yeah
Yeah listen
I'm listening
I'm listening
He's gone
He's back to the blow up now, okay
I'll just say it more like that
Abba
Abba
We only want to know better. I know Abba. You don't have to spread them there. You have to
Go go over to take those two people
Yeah, but the next
You gotta watch yourself mister because you're stepping on sacred ground. He combined the rock ability
With the crack ability with the Colonel Thomas ability with Bobby Darren
How do how do we find this piece of direct by the way?
That's a movie so sorry
The honestly
This is a you know
It's an okay record, but I mean it's not if I never heard it again. It would be soon enough for me
It's not an ain't no dream. What is it dream lover? Is that on there? Oh, no, it wouldn't be on there
That was the best record he ever made and probably not the biggest hit
I mean Mac the knife was the biggest hit and split splash it. I mean here's a split splash
I'm taking a bath and we're talking about that here
Because the guy is dead
Oh my god
I'm overwhelmed
Oh
I just dropped a big brown one look at boys and girls
Wow, okay, let me do the spot that will do all Elvis
oh
20 till one at 560 wq a sports radio 560 q a
L the king is back maker and better than ever Elvis
Presley in his first bit movie role since he's been dead Elvis
a Arabia
Yes, it's a completely new Elvis movie with the same old Elvis movie touches
17 unperceptible ways and 18 more getable songs including
Don't be cool dying in the chapel
Blue swayed burial shoes doing nothing but a pallbear and more
Yes, see Elvis in his script this performance yet he's bigger better and better than ever
Elvis a Arabia playing in a theater drive that are mortuary near you
Oh
Here

Test
I got a few taking some tried
Where did this all my nose?
Another ball of old spice
Boy did I get a hoes
He rode upon that return
The center
Who needs this hope?
This year's Christmas
The real history
He rode upon that return
The center
Don't need to be rude
What is Christmas?
I got screws
Return the center
Return the center
Well, I know you must feel the same way after all these years
It's been able to take you
Well, sometimes when you have a problem
It helps to talk with others who have the same problem
Okay, I'll let you guys come to share with the group now
Yes, I'll do with Elvis
Thank you very much, sir
Hold on, Elvis
Give me orders and double cheese pieces for us
We'll get some peanut butter and anus
That's a good idea, Elvis
Thank you, Elvis
You're the same, two-in-counter session
And two local Elements Center
Elements
Where chronic Elvis impersonators go for Elvis
I want to get one of those out, can you say in Elevina?
Well, sir, I think it's time the people stop discriminating
It ends up female impersonators of Elvis
You know, I got so burned too
I'm scared of you
I recognize the early warning sign
Switching lift
Can't control my voice
Wing in here
I'm all shook up
Incredible weight gain
More weight is winged
At Elvis and Ones
He understands that impersonating Elvis is not a career
It's a disease
The meatender
Love is sweet
Give us some place
So please, send what you can to Elle Anand
Members can see
And thank you, thank you sir
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you
Thank you, thank you, thank you
Oh, you got a whole lot
A whale of bees so funny
What the wrong with meat
My nose is running and I can hardly see
Can't hardly because my ears are closed
I got the sneeze
I'm all stepped up
Oh, yeah
I can't wait to see you
Thank you very much
I need a little something for my hand to do
Hand me that in hand and for a thought of weas
About to clean and cut up to the bed
If I don't work a girl I will buy the hands of those cats
Should buy no more to feel so bad and so
I can't take this ball of chalp no more
Got a ball again again my ears to pop
I can't believe
I'm all stepped up
Oh, yeah
I can't believe I'm all stepped up
Put on my five-o-one's and I
Where's your full street
Just to doubt the best of us
And I'm starting to feel the heat
Suddenly I see people
Checking out my buttons I see
Yeah, I got a first class riser
It's the pitch to set my gene
Now I'm sporting a wordy
I'm finding it impossible to conceal
I'm sporting a wordy
I feel like an axel without a wheel
I'm so up and don't stop this
He was far from wanting to
All right
I'll follow him up to the day he's a bracelet
Just to see what he would do
Just to see what he would do
As he shed his forestry
There's a pretty little ghost
He's waiting for his post
Tied him a jungle room
With farting wood is his answer
It's really impossible to conceal
Farting wood is his answer
Feel like an axel without a wheel
Farting wood is his answer
It's almost impossible to conceal
Farting wood is his answer
Feel like an axel without a wheel
Your buttons, records, you've seen his film
You've even purchased the dayglow velvet memorial paintings for the gas station
As a true Elvis fan you think you've heard it all but wait there's more
Now you can buy secret recordings of Elvis's last telephone conversation
Yes, it's the Elvis tapes
Hello baby, this is Elvis
And I want you to come over right down
Make me a big peanut butter and never so much
A few little butter and a little sandwich were really giving me a treat with a bag
You'll hear Elvis in his most intimate moments
Hello, Fieselman Peter
This is Elvis
I want you to bring over a couple of large paws
Don't make me a treat
Don't make a sex double cheese
Yeah, I'm hungry
I'm alone
And I'm hungry
And you'll hear Elvis reveal how he really feels about the one true love of his life
I want you back, I want you back in the lab baby
And I want you way back
Would you pick up some doughnuts please
Wake jelly cream doughnuts
Corolla's cheesy day is two
All up a big honey glaze doughnuts
Without them I can't do these
The Elvis tapes
I'll give a give a give a give a give a more doughnuts
I'll pay a little more now, we run stores everywhere
I'll give a give a monster one to do here
I don't know he's excited
In 1253 at 560 WQM it's our big Elvis extravaganza
Thanks for our very first call around the box
Here's plantation, hello
Plantation
Hello
Going once
You told me that there was something like an exciting. I don't really, I couldn't wait
He was surly, surly about what
About you
About what do you mean doing what?
I don't know, maybe you can understand
Oh well see I've got one call left on the board
I've alienated yet another segment of the audience
I'm working on doing it one segment at a time
You know
You start out with one ethnic group
Then you alienates certain sports fans
And then you alienate certain music lovers
And today we've alienated all the Elvis people I guess
It was good crappages play I would say
What time more could you want?
All you Elvis files out there
560, 560, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a mobile one line
Come on let's get Elvis intensive here today
This is what America is all about
I mean it's not bad enough that Elvis has been dead 21 years
But Joe Demaggio is right on the edge to our last link
To America's innocent past
What about how that means?
Here's Hollywood hello
Neil yes sir
I'm calling about the almost dead Yankee Clipper
Yeah
Who are these kids that are saying Joe D is our last link to the innocent past
What?
They've been in the board 20 years after he stopped playing baseball
Right
What innocent past
They were here at Kenzie
They were at Kenzie or Masters and Johnson
People were doing everything that moved
Including the family dog and the next door neighbor
Right
Just nobody knew about it
Nobody talked about it
Look at those pictures of him in the night
God Babe Ruth wasn't a heavy boozer in Carousel
Thank God for that
Back in the 20s
And just look at those pictures in the 30s and the 40s
People were smoking, they were drinking
And all my mother's friends in the upstate New York
And the suburbs were doing tranks
And they all found and everything else
Easily people are programmed
You come up with some trite clich
And you put it on some kind of a documentary
Or some kind of a show
And right away everybody starts parading
Like you know like a minor bird
Absolutely
And my final point in the amount of material
Yes sir
Marilyn Monroe makes Madonna look like little goddamn bullpen
Bull peep
Okay
What's she not looking too good right now though?
Ask the Kennedys about that
Oh they're not here either
Okay we have an open line at Broward All 3 and Dade
On our Elvis fest
I thought that this would bring out all those Elvis people
And it would work there
These men that are calling
Day I thought it would be women
Women the men that are calling about Elvis
I have to really raise an eyebrow way up there
Like that dog in the little rascals you know
I have to raise an eyebrow way up there
About all these guys that are calling about going to Graceland
And Elvis this and he sold so many records
And by the beat but they got their Elvis blow up doll
And man
Trying to keep it in perspective
Okay
Just to keep a little respect for
That's right
Just have a little tiny bit left over for me
Not a lot
1255 and 560 WQM
The Neil Rogers Show
Now on 560 WQM
Miami Fort Lauderdale
This is the whole list
The Neil Rogers wanted to have my personal stable approval
But I'm not sure about the young Elvis or the Fat El
Thank you
I'll give you a ride
You're easy
When I see you it makes me easy
If you don't know what you're listening to
Well this is me just you
You got me right over
So now tell you what
You smell bad and you're ugly too
This is me just you
You dress too much and you leave me alone
I can't think
I can't think
Why your body is way too big
So I'll pay my thing
I hope you can stay out of my way
Just have a seat you know what I do
I'll spend my time chasing you
This is me chasing you
You're as dumb as a fool of you
This is me chasing you
Dear Field
I wanted to discuss something a little more serious with my name
Well I doubted
Well anyway about 5 years ago I was invited by the late Bill Colder
to come to the station and I spent about 45 minutes on the air with him
Right
I had just written the book on this history of dentistry
And he was very interested in it and we got a lot of interesting calls
But why I'm calling now is that there's been all this talk about an Elvis Curzley stamp
And whether people should vote, whether they're young Elvis or an old Elvis and so on
Now one of the biggest things that has ever happened in history and mankind
You know it would be the perfect Elvis record for the stamp?
I don't know
Stuck on you would be pretty interesting wouldn't it?
That could be the music behind the stamp
But anyway
Okay now what I'm getting at is one of the greatest things that ever happened in history and mankind
It's a powerful world
Yeah
Happened 150 years ago, two years now in 1844
And that was the discovery of Anastasia
Anastasia?
Anastasia
I remember that by Pat Foon on Dot Records by 1957
No, I'm really serious
I had a lot of miscarries
There's a real point to this
What is it? The audience is falling off like they're on an anesthesia?
No because there's no other point to it
The point is that there's nothing campaigning to try and get a postage stamp to the discoverer of Anastasia
And the Post Office Committee, the handles, says that it's not a great amount of significance
But apparently, Anastasia is more important than a man who gave him
Right
How many hits do they have?
A lot of beautiful
What?
There's no gift that was ever given to mankind that's more significant
Because with Anastasia you can do every copy of the surgery that's done today
Well maybe we could have one with a scalpel on it and then we could have some stamps with little body parts on it
Well I think that the end of the book
And one with a thing of ether on one stamp and then a gas mask on the other one
Well it's the discovery
Just a stamp sir, why don't you lighten up a little bit? Who gives a crap what's on a stamp?
Well the next time that you need to have Anastasia, if you need to go to a hospital
No I got news for if I need to have Anastasia whether I have a stamp or not, I'm still going to get it
Of course, the bunch of things are significant enough
I mean I appreciate my mother too but her face ain't on a stamp
You really? It's really very difficult talking to you
Well of course it is
That's the idea
Well I'm sorry though
I'm sorry Bill Corridor is dead I could talk to him
Well what does that mean?
No I mean it's a problem
Well Corridor was one of my best friends what is any of your sorry he's dead because you could talk to him
What if he didn't talk to him?
Would you have it like a different opinion?
That's not
Then it would be okay right?
Point is I'm trying to generate some interest
Well nobody cares don't you understand Bill Corridor didn't give a crap about Anastasia?
Well he told me and had me speak on his radio
Yeah and he told me that it was the sorryest thing he ever did he went into the day he died he regretted it
On his deathbed he told me I only wish that I wouldn't have done that one show
I can imagine that
I've been on the today show
Oh God one of those numbers are dropping like a rock
My thing is I can see
Okay I'll get off the market off you
Huh?
I'll get off your line I won't bother you
Well listen have a great life
Don't be so uptight about it
Man he needs some serious Anastasia right now
106 at 560 WQA and where we going here is the Coral Springs hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
Hey tell that guy just lick him
Yeah he is looking at right now
I just saw some monk CNN
As if you don't need more to talk about
Today is fourth, God bless you
Thank you
Today is the fourth anniversary of Jocelyn Elder being fired for talking about masturbation
Oh my God I guess we're going to have to play that thing huh?
Well that is the funniest thing
So that was it
Okay
Man see ya
Thank you so much
What does that thing called by the way?
John Swin
Then what is it under Joyce Lennon?
Joyce Lennon yes
Yeah it is because she spells her name like a real funky way Joyce Lennon
Hi this is Jocelyn Elder and I'm mad
Mad at those right wing sons of bitches that forced Bill Clinton to fire me
Just hold her the hell they think they are
All I was trying to do was deal with the reality of sex and teenagers
Maybe it's Jeffy Holmes that busted chip or Newt Gainridge had buttered the corner a little more
There wouldn't be so uptight
Slug and the dog never hurt anybody
And if people did a little more of it we might say some lies
Hell of Clinton just stayed home and spanked the monkey
He'd even be in less hot water
Teaching kids about masturbation would be no big deal
We could even take some standard teaching tools and just twist them around a little bit like
Seed dick run
When you see dick runs get to the doctor because you picked up a bad case of
Crouch cricket
Folks we got to get real about the realities of the world we live in
There are too many kids out there taking a baloney ride and parking there y'all in hair harbor
Now if we just teach them to stay home and paddle the pickles
Pump the python, walk the dog, wax the carrot or tickle the taco
We'd all be better off and that's all I have to say
Now I'm going home now and see if Mr. Elders wants to pop it in the toaster
And hail oyster and buzz the grillers
And to top it all off or you can't say that
It's a trouble way to 560 WQM
So anyway I discovered how to really piss off the audience man
People award nearly a furry friend over got one on it
WQAM, hello a bokeh
Hey asshole
What the hell do you know about old rock and roll nothing?
Meaning what?
Oh this is the same jackass
Oh yeah, asshole
Yeah, uh huh, okay
Same jackass they're called before I stumped him with what's the reason I'm not pleased with you by fat stomato on imperial records
And honey charlotte on the flip side of a blueberry hill
See that's what happens when you know you catch him with their oldies down
You know all I can say is he's an asshole
You already know that so what's the bulletin? Okay pal, what's your point?
But anyway what I was starting to say is that you know
Elders isn't a religion, he's not a cult, he's like beyond that
Beyond Jesus, beyond Moses, beyond Buddha, beyond Joseph Smith, beyond the Al Solomon
I mean he's beyond any of that, beyond Abraham Solomon
Man you dare and all I said was I liked Elvis's music
I liked Elvis as a kid I bought all his records but I don't want to go to Graceland and see some stupid goddamn museum tool
That's what I said, is that okay?
No, I'm sorry
What kind of lifeless stupid jackasses go to Graceland Tennessee?
First of all go to Tennessee in the first place you got to be a bozo
Talk about mugwumpville they make the people in aintry look like big city flickers
Aintry is like Manhattan compared to Tennessee any of it
But go into Graceland to see the king and his cars
I got a bunch of fancy cars, okay? Anybody coming to see them?
No, good, stay the hell away
Man
Nine minutes after one at five 60, I mean we're getting hostile calls off the year
People will hang on, people just spitting blood
Because I have the audacity not to get on my hands and knees and worship the king at the altar, okay?
Where do you go when you're feeling lucky speaking to getting on your hands and knees?
How about Hollywood Seminole Jamie which brings to mind cash and excitement?
Floridians, dumb as dirt
There's a friend who's seen all the kids are learning to play now
In every big city I've got to U.S. and Payne now
It's all to keep yourself in hard clearing both the other fellow away now
Say if all got done, got done, up there on the stage to say a thing
I'm not going to stay, just stay any time
This is the key started in the show in town now
I'm not showing you
Billy brought his lunch and a pretty special taste
I'm not going to stay, I'm not going to stay
They can share everything here and show you how to laugh before the spell now
I'm not going to stay, I'm not going to stay, I'm not going to stay
I'm not going to stay, I'm not going to stay any time
I'm not going to stay, I'm not going to stay
I'm going to stay, I'm not going to stay any time
I'm not going to stay any time
I'm not going to stay any time
I'm not going to stay any time
I'm not going to stay any time
I'm not going to stay any time
I'm not going to stay any time
I'm not going to stay any time
I'm not going to stay any time
I'm not going to stay any time
I've expected there's another group
Could Elvis even come close to matching the beat's voice?
No! Not even in the same league!
Not in the same category!
No! I mean, he couldn't lick Brian Wilson's ass
Because Brian would never get out from one of the covers
But I mean seriously, he's not even the same league
I know that a lot of you Elvis files out there
gonna get real pissed off what's wrong with you man what's wrong with these
that i got tasting music Elvis was okay but these guys were real musicians not
just guys that had lost stick you know yet a stick he went on at Sullivan the
swivel to sips and uh... you know for while they would even show them from the
waist down wow he's willing to say well guess what bill haley in a
comments with a little bit too like before Elvis but uh... they were ugly and
had a stupid uh...
curly thing on it well yeah that's a bit cruel
yeah
seriously every time i see bill haley haley i go
yeah he had a spit curl
i said i wouldn't sit on the best part of the fact that
is a fact from any by the way who says one of the people get over the fact that
Elvis is dead
elvis is dead
it's been over twenty years since he died these people are worshipping the
drug king they love him but hate clinton go figure it out
i guess drugs are okay but not sex right
nice going Amy
that's right drugs are okay
but again the blowjob here in the net's evil that's why they're holding this
in the
you know the fact all they're doing is saying the same crap again that they said
last week and the week before that and they're going through this exercise
and all the republicans are going to go for and all the democrats are going to
vote against and it's just another guy that's stupid political exercise and
more of a waste of taxpayers money and more proof that they don't give a crap
about the voters what anybody this country says or things are does okay nobody
cares
in fact that we're talking this morning about the the the TV viewers yesterday
of prices right was still on all the assault operas all the regular shows if you
want to see this car but CNN MSNBC the obsessed network other than that
forget it because nobody gives a crap
here's a lady in Miami hello
lady in Miami
i knew yes man i just call to tell you i'm a huge Elvis fan yes
i have all kind of memorabilia crap in my office at home
and i also belong to the first first Italian church of Elvis the divine
correct
yes it's first out of the jersey uh-huh and you paid membership it's $13 a year
and what do you get what do you get closing crap yeah he's still alive always
he yes i think i saw that the Duncan don't have last night
five days okay see oh okay there you go
and the best part of it is she serious we have an open line in date one five what
is it one five hundred Elvis five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the AT&T wireless line they're serious it's a whole breed of mentally
deranged people they're serious he's still alive
just like the godfather the hit him five times he's still alive here's a mobile
in Miami hello hey Neil yes sir a long time first time
all right and i'm an Elvis hater yeah i walk around a button that says Elvis is dead
give it up right and he thought this lady just said this lady said she had
that she had all that crap she said he's still alive
yes she's full of crap you know i think she would lie to you
uh oh i think she's illusionary do you uh he meant it maybe uh
but anyway oh man i like all sorts of music but i hate anything Elvis the only one i think
almost kind of tolerate is that it is suspicious eyes is it suspicious eyes yeah
suspicious eyes okay whatever i think you recorded that song in westland
ball suspicious flies okay pal have a great day get out of here suspicious
flies we have an open line in fact we got this vicious ants in here in fact
hankett of people back at the joe all your people back in that other building like i said the other
day you should be really having a big party because now that some day soon if we live long enough
we'll all be in the same building over here they want to make us all feel like kind of like we
have something in common other than the misery working for this joint and that is the ants we're
getting ants up your rectum in this place just to make us feel like we're part of a beastly
bead broadcasting have to have lots of insects here's a mobile invoker hello
we don't put down the king yeah i felt his presence when i was in grateful did you
did you you felt his presence i'm not you know there is something there
mm-hmm yeah we believe you i'm not gonna keep it stay straight push we believe you
seriously there's a series yeah i don't mean i'd buy him but he was like a presence
a presence of what like under the Christmas tree yeah okay can't even keep a straight push
and this this i think he called before this is one of the assholes that was there that was a
grace line he's an asshole it goes without saying in fact if you go out and you tell somebody if
you're like a man especially but anybody if you say i was a grace land that's like saying he's
an asshole right without you know getting carried away without quite the honesty level we have an
open line a date one it broiled five six seven it's it's the king day out of nowhere out of nowhere comes
the elvis day i mean totally unexpected when i came in here this morning the last god damn thing
on my mind was ill this i know that make up is a shock to some of you people out there with no
life that was the furthest thing from my mind was elvis or the the kernel how come nobody's talking
about the kernel and i'm not talking about kernel sanders i'm talking about the real kernel forget
about that piker kernel sanders with that chicken with all due respect to our neighbors next door
kernel tom parker he was he was that's where they had to have the god damn the monument to
he's the one that made elvis what he became and stole most of his money and uh is he still alive by
the way then he just dies sure we keep asking that question and we keep seeing him on 60 minutes
of wherever he was like lying on the bed okay that's our poll question Joe to magio or kernel tom
parker i think parker's dead we know where he's rotting here's Miami hello
hello Miami hello new yes sir how are you okay i want to congratulate you on your show uh-huh thank you
okay we have an open line of days five six seven oh five sixty and five five sixty on the eighteen and
now i'll chronicle the oath today okay it's a new material to try to pull the woolly over our eyes
get some new crap okay in between playing grab ass with your boyfriend here's a mobile invoker
hello hello new yes sir hey how you doing today okay uh yeah i just wanted to know you know
why are these people getting so crazy about elvis i think you should hear the people of
marketing on the air that are psychotic with me because i have the audacity not to just do a verbal
ask case here for four hours today because somebody mentioned the king at the beginning of the
show this morning which i don't even remember the god damn call i went to grislin oh my god what a
way you went to grislin i so many drag oh my god so many drag me there and it was the biggest
way to time if you're gonna go to Memphis go to beel street and have a have a good time and get
drunk right exactly but uh you know what you should do you set up a pilgrimage with all these
Elvis people and have them go next week so we can have a little uh uh no traffic for uh for
christmas shopping um okay have a great day pal you're out of material we have an open line and
broder to invade five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line
is there a fat domino museum no there ain't comparison yeah there ought to be a fat domino he
was my favorite baby heads and shoulders above all these other figures all these uh
lily white boys fat domino was our in v man he was where it's all about where it'd be all about
oh no we didn't know from no fat domino but besides he was big fat in a short and squat and
dark and ugly but boy he sure could sing he sure could uh belt it out here's a mobile in west
pot and pot beach hello hi Neil yes sir yeah first time collar long time listener okay Elvis
sucks um quick question about the don't say Elvis sucks you better be getting frank phone calls
at home many minutes sir i got um go to my first hockey game tonight oh and um the people that
I work for they have a they have a box there are those luxury sweets and a good up there of course
there are okay you watch the first few minutes of the game and then after we're down through
your four nothing then you can get drunk and have a good time of watch with them around tv okay great
all right and um what's the best what's down there on the turnpike from what's what's the best way
to get there on the turnpike no not on the turnpike on the sawgrass yeah well you come on the turnpike
to the sawgrass right oh okay my sawgrass brings you right to Oakland Park Boulevard and you'll see
the signs says a river says macarena okay great okay stay there have a great time okay good luck to
us auto what a knife 7 30 if you're in it gonna be there no we have an albeit there open line and
brow are two in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
who's your favorite recording artist of all time who stole the most record abba elton john
aerosmith Elvis Presley the Beatles or buddy knocks right
in all my love for me is far without a round of ruffing to you for a big smile to be in love
and to go west and fight to run from truck of these fingers that's my house come to speak my
mind no this is love great okay love buddy knocks he was good who had the head on part oh no he had
the head on party now but you know who else recorded party now on uh crawl records by the way no you
wouldn't know his wife is edie gourmet I still wouldn't
his wife is edie gourmet and they used to be on the Steve Allen show in their Jewish and they
prefer oh oh Steve Steve Lord Lord oh my god sorry
and I just got them so you know how Joe Kato giving me a lesson on America losing his
innocence when jody uh whatever he's our last link if you tell me about Steve Lawrence and ET gourmet
yeah he had a rock cover on the party doll see back in those days everybody it was very common
somebody have a big hit and somebody else would come along with a cover of it which does I don't
think that happens much anymore I mean they do remakes like you know a year later or whatever they
butcher up somebody who's great old song but as far as doing covers of other people's hits and
then they can so money off of that like Rick Nelson did the I'm walking which really pissed me off
at the beginning we had a kiss and make up over that because that was fat domino fat domino
fat domino is a big hit and I thought what what what what kind of a little punk of you to be
recording fat dominoes record mister but then of course he warmed his way into our hearts before he
died he died too by the way you know and that playing crack 126 at five oh by the way that's another
on the ANA is a great network I'll tell you that biography show do you ever see the one on Rick Nelson
and then of course the kids around here the Nelson twins huh yep good show depressing but very good
26th after one and five 60 wq
I thought of all the baby we've been through how I guess and she did
side of her achievement she could have the eye to move and create a space between us
that could sell everything too maybe trying to get died if she parts doesn't matter
I'm a need in the eyes of our daughter and the think it's about.
Look at me.
Look at me.
Look at me.
Look at me.
Look at me.
Look at me.
Look at me.
Look at me.
Look at me.
Look at me.
Look at me.
Look at me.
Look at me.
Look at me.
Look at me.
Look at me.
Look at me.
Look at me.
Look at me.
Look at me.
Look at me.
Stand squeeze off my body.
Where am I?
Where am I always going?
I'm open to me.
Okay 133 at 560 WQM we have two open lines in date it's all Elvis Wednesday much to our
amazement much to our amusement and amusement and depression all Elvis you know the amazing
part of this whole deal is we started out with Joe to measure and then Joe Castello
dropped some incipient lines and Cornball line that he heard someplace else about you
know America losing its innocence Joe D was our last link at the missing link yeah I think
he's got to confuse with Patrick Ewing who looks more like the missing link to me but anyway
and then I come up with a horrendous news about Michael Zazlow Rodger thought from guiding
life for 25 years dies at the age of 54 do we get one call about that no any of my guiding
life people more and more morning that today no all we're doing is talking to China
go Elvis who died 21 years ago does anybody care about Michael Zazlow Rodger thought no
no that's the see that's America for you just like the name Mal Allen died I come into work
the next day and I'm just crestfallen I'm just crushed we got a whole generation that
new Mal Allen from this week in baseball so even if they weren't old enough to remember
him from the Yankee games for a hundred years they knew him from this week in baseball
for the next hundred years did anybody care about that no anybody else no three old parts
from New York that was it boy I guess we got our priorities in order no we it's Elvis it's
all Elvis all day all week all month all year for a lifetime it's all Elvis couldn't
lick the Everly brothers rectum I'll send you that right now here's a mobile in Pembert Pines
hello yes sir yeah how you doing the I play bass guitar on a band that does Elvis impersonator
shows oh my god one of what 12 million yeah yeah we're local around town but the Elvis
stands I've been doing it for about six years and they are definitely some of the
strangers yes chromosome missing people I've ever missed I've ever met my life well said but
they drink real well so we don't mind you know they come in and spend money maybe that's how they
got next state of mind I mean they're drinking some real cheap crap well and and I like I said I've
been doing about six years and it never fails all this time there's always been some kind of like
stalker we just follow them everywhere no matter where we go mm-hmm
he's there or her group of is there and it's scary sometimes great well thanks for the good news
patio of a sob the problem the biggest problem of mankind the greatest little even beyond you know
the beginning of the human race to begin the origins of the universe etc the biggest question
of them all is why are they obsessed with Elvis that's the question why exactly I couldn't say
we have two open lines one and day one and broiled five six and we got hang coming up from a
show to stay two at two o'clock we got the booster briefly it takes we got the pregame at seven to
pantheon auto was seven thirty tonight from the macarena like I said from the macarena oh
get some enthusiasm going there thank you here's a mobile in candle hello yeah since my baby left me
I found a new place to dwell hey don't know okay um my feet are gonna be like a lot more to that
start times with hell exactly I think they buried uh the kernel on top of all this maybe the
kernel is in that box huh you sticking it to him one last time uh-huh yeah um anyway I've not
picked up the CDs and I want to apologize for that but I will be at your next uh uh showing Saturday
December 19th at borders and plantation it's some time to be determined if Brian and sales ever
decides to tell us what that time will be yes now I thought I heard an ad that you were going to be at
uh uh uh that theater or something you heard an ad saying that yeah it was uh it was uh during the
uh uh this was about two days ago and I was like wait a minute I thought you were gonna be
no I will not be at the AMC theaters okay in spite of all of screw and efforts up there and in spite
of Brian's efforts to try to coerce me into going into a part of town that we've already covered
quite well with our fundraisers thank you and going to a place where we're not gonna raise a lot
of money no thank you we will be at borders in kindle on Saturday the 19th at a time that we will
find out by tomorrow at the latest well I'm a huge helium a heterosexual 35 year old male and uh
love you and uh and I'll see you there okay thanks on parkers of douchebag okay thanks
now that he must be pulling our leg isn't he this guy he must be pulling our leg is
bluffland z really running such a promo and we're going to be a place that we're not going to be
is that uh huh that what's going on so I'm going to tell you right now because I don't want to get
I we're almost done for today and I've been in a real good mood I don't want to get this guy
started on me again or get me started but it's I told George this morning before the show I said
you know I'm really getting either old or just very slow in my old age negative oh thank you just
got so that's what we were going to do we just got confirmation known to on Saturday the
7th and 19th at the week from this Saturday at the borders in plantation but if the risk of uh
you know finishing what I was starting to say forget about Greg Reed forget about bluffland z forget
about the beastie boys over their enables there are two people that run this joint it's to
tell George this morning it's taken me almost a year to figure this out and they're joined it to
hip the water Nazi and screw and that those are the two people that run this entire operation
everyone else is insignificant and don't ever dilute yourself into believing anything otherwise
it is the most bizarre operation I have ever seen in my life I don't know why they have they
wield the power and the authority that they do there's a lot of speculation about that I have no
idea what the real reasons are but here are the two evil sisters the twin evil sisters joined
at the back of just absolutely run this place with an iron fist and all the rest of us are just
you know we're just passengers in the night 21 before 2 at 560 wqm all right this is T Gordon
Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Roger
ok that's the Danny the side painter who's playing uh uh factions me a facts which I guess is
what you get on the facts machine is the facts there you go Danny and god bless you and you do look
like so Neil ok where we go and grassy creek north Carolina hello hello Neil yes sir how you doing
I'm doing great I'm doing great too I got out of South Florida yeah I moved up to the mountains
in North Carolina yeah I was listening to you the other day and I wanted to let you know
just just how religious they are up here I'm sure there's a church on every hilltop uh-huh with
the membership of about 20 people right it's a dry county no beer no wine no alcohol and that's
relegating ash ash you bet your sweet ash yeah that's right but it's great there's no more
traffic to fight uh-huh the only uh immigrants up here are the Mexicans they bring in to cut the
Christmas trees good then get them back with it belong yeah that's right and uh it's much better
you should come up here you'd love it yeah that's what George says he says that you're right down
the road from where he's doing this up here in North Carolina yeah yeah he was talking to me by
right now i'm not too big on those are woods people you know not the i'm not too much in vamias
well the biggest crime is appear in theft and child molestation right go to the territory
that's right okay well listen i'll see an entry thank you and have a great life you too bye bye
green grassy creek north Carolina first call ever from grassy creek out of the type of party by
the way is there an Ernie Kato uh Hall of Fame no huh i'm just looking at some of my oldy CDs by
the way which i used to have a hell of a lot more but i noticed over the years they kind of like
thinned out a little bit in addition to which my Elvis the reason that i can't play any real Elvis
music today is obvious because uh i in fact i just threw them out because i had the two jewel cases
at i.o.d but one day they uh they turned into empty jewel cases because we had somebody over there
and liked Elvis a lot i don't want to say it was Chris Baker you know you know i'm talking about oh my
god yeah no no i can't i don't have no idea but he was uh he just was that kind of a guy who like
although we didn't have a lot of light-fingered people over there so i have two empty jewel
cases with Elvis's push on it but no records inside so i guess i'll have to go out and replace those
time to go to the records to i guess we have an open line in date five six seven oh five
sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's my any hello yeah it was probably
packed in the ticket could be well anyways i wanted to talk about the center one campaign yes sir
i got both of your CDs they're great thank you i also got the 95 and 96 i couldn't get 94
because they only had on cassette right but here's a concept Neil a lot of people say that they don't
want to get your CDs to whatever they don't want to give money or those are the ulios that are
homophobic and they think the center one is like a gay thing yeah well i want to say one thing
how many of those hulios order pay per view and watch Mike Tyson fight for like one minute and pay
fifty dollars right and we listen to you all year long right Monday through Friday for free
and the least those hulios can do and also a big black guy named Ben is cough up 20 bucks exactly
right and you know give it to Neil God amen fine you God bless you sir have a great life okay there
you go there's a good hulio the good hulio okay there's a few of mouth there there's a lot of
mouth there they're just all in the closet it's gonna take me another hundred years to bring them
out of the closet just one toning all the time we have two open lines in date five six seven oh five
maybe when mama seat is in that big kitchen in the sky you know maybe then they'll finally
get their way out five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
here's Kendall hello hey what happened to be your last night you really stuck it up huh yes you did
he stuck the joint out that happens for the rest of the year together doing cheese sticks and
okay great there's a good hockey fan there for you really knows his craft probably rumor put him
up to the call i was gonna say rumor paid him to make the call but of course that would be really
yeah that would be that would be really stretching the point okay we were paid him to
two open lines in date county five six seven oh five six the pound five six the on the AT&T
wireless line let me say it again Jeff Rimmer hates John van Beesbrook he said air be golly let in
last night that's what he said calls me nine o'clock at night i'm sitting there watching some really
entertaining hockey and here comes the beavers hater the geese are report laughing and puking and
and then this man's got the audacity to tell me that Sean Burke is better than the beavers at which
point i said boy you want to job david's is gonna cut you off right in the middle of the hockey show
you're something if you don't cut the craft boy oh boy talk about delusionary just hateful and
spiteful i don't know what it is maybe job maybe the beavers return him down once to the pick up the
tab at restaurant or something that must have been it here's the lady in Kendall hello hi me
oh yes ma'am um personally i think you'll be specially really sucked yeah oh gee don't say that
these people are they're gonna be knocking your door down any minute now they'll trace the call and
uh they're going nuts well too bad i think niki work is god oh god isn't that is that pathetic or
what huh she rang such a bell yeah niki work she's sitting there with her and he and he's
planted up against the god damn wall somewhere in a corner like that isn't that pathetic like i
said the day that they called in like a you know like a like a tag team that day we're not here to
try to resuscitate some old the washed up hasbins career okay if that's the best you can do with your
time niki better go read some scripts or something somewhere or maybe i understand when
news is looking at the drive through two open lines in date county five six seven oh five six
the pound five six the other eight t and t wireless line see leave it to miki rorks uh whatever she
is leave it to her to be ripping the king man oh man oh you got some nerve sweetheart that's
fucking bitch 242 at five sixty wqa m he'll rise this is my lover look congratulations get a life
language tape number six the convenience store follow along and repeat convenience store manager
hello may i be to help in your police repeat hello may i be to help in your police customer
yes i would like a pack of parliament lights convenience store manager you have a parliament
light repeat you want a parliament light customer yes i would like a pack of parliament lights
Convenience store manager.
Uh, these are Parliament lights.
Repeat.
These are Parliament lights.
Uh, these ones. Parliament?
Customers.
No. Neither one of those is the Parliament lights.
Wait, no. You did these ones? No.
No, it's not that one.
You're in the Parliament lights.
Yes, I want the Parliament lights, please.
Is it those?
No, the Parliament lights.
No, no, no.
No, can't you see it's up here.
This one's right on the left.
No, no, no.
The over there was a dirty magazine.
But hey, you see it.
Where's the laundry head?
It's a Parliament lights.
No.
Turn this tape over for language tape number seven.
Ordering Chinese food over the phone.
