567-0560-2303, Redeed and Broward.
Or pound the show, do not necessarily reflect those of you.
Am.
Hi, this is Mari Povitch, wishing you a happy Hanukkah.
OK, how come we're going to start off the same way
we did yesterday again?
Did I hear nothing on the overhead, nothing on the monitor?
Are we going to start out with another technical problem
again today?
Like we did yesterday?
George?
They hear us fine.
They hear us fine.
How come I didn't hear anything when Mori Povitch
just did that number there?
Hi, this is Mari Povitch, wishing you a happy Hanukkah.
OK.
Hi, Neal.
I'm a Miami resident.
And I would just tap into here as a neo-pochzo in my way home.
And I think it's absolutely horrible.
And I haven't understand how anybody with values and morals
or social conscience can allow such a thing
to be broadcast on the station.
Oh, right.
This guy is just cursing at people insulting,
blasphemy, just spreading anger and hatred.
I don't understand that.
I mean, do you have children?
Do you have a family?
Do you care what's going on in the world?
No.
But just this bad stuff should be going around.
Someone just venting all their hatred and anger at innocent people.
I mean, if you just let somebody crying on the sun, the air,
and maybe it's really popular and makes a lot of money
for your station.
But this is really not what the world means.
I mean, things are bad enough.
I don't think we need a guy like this.
And I really find it very offensive and just horrible.
I mean, how would you like if your children were listening
to that and glowing up in a world where
this kind of thing is acceptable?
Where people can talk like that and be paid for it and be endorsed?
I mean, I'm just horrified and disgusted.
Life freedom of speech, yeah.
And I'm sure I'm not the only person to feel that way.
Please try and take consideration of the rest of the world
and the other people that have to be.
Merry Christmas, happy Chinooka, and all the other good stuff,
all these other great holidays that have you all bustling
and running around like a bunch of ants.
So I mean, like a bunch of busy people.
Speaking of busy people, by the way,
all first I want to salute a fine young man.
I have no idea who he is.
I'll never see him again.
But he was stopped at the light on the corner of 441 and 199th.
Right by Chuck Subbs' matter of fact.
Yesterday I'm on the way home, getting ready to make my right turn.
And this young man is parked in front of me.
He looks in a mirror, he mirroring, sees that I'm behind him,
turns around, gives me a wave, and then starts like,
I'm going to tell you, I believe he was grabbing himself.
He was so excited to see me.
I'm just unbelievable.
Grabbing himself, slapping the steering wheel.
He was slapping everything inside and that too.
That's right.
So happy you're whatever to you, too, pal.
And speaking of drivers, by the way,
we've discovered something new in America
and that is that the roads are like a telephone booth.
Now that's right, everybody has got a cell phone.
AirBJEC, as including, see down here, we have about,
I would say, you know, I'll be generous,
about 70% of the people who shouldn't be on the road
under any circumstances, even on a perfectly sunny day,
a clear day with a dry road, minimal traffic,
like on a holiday, you know.
These people can barely function on that kind of a day.
Much less, you know, right now where everybody's on the roads,
it's congested, people are schlepping all over,
shopping, doing whatever they're doing.
And now AirBJEC has got a cell phone
stuck to his or her or its ear.
I'm at the, I'm at by a knob hill and
Broward Boulevard yesterday going home.
And there's a clown he's sitting there at the light.
He's in front of me at the traffic at the red light.
The light turns green.
Does he go?
No, no, he doesn't go.
And why?
Because he's got the cell phone stuck to his ear.
He's finishing the conversation, man.
He is finishing his conversation.
This was one of about a half a dozen people yesterday
that I encountered because I'm staring at notice it more
and more and more.
I mean, I don't mind if you're talking to somebody,
we get a million calls here every day on the cell phones.
That's fine.
But at least pay a little bit of attention to driving.
Maybe 5% would be good for starters.
And this guy, he like finishes the conversation.
And I, you know, give him a two to the horn.
Pays no attention.
Grabbed the phone away from his ear.
Because thank God, thank God he's finally finished
with a conversation.
I might still be sitting there now.
And he punches the thing off, puts the phone down.
And now all of a sudden, he grabs the wheel
and away he goes and we finally get through the light.
The roads are like a telephone booth in South Florida
because every jackass has got a phone stuck in his ear.
Jesus, man, it's just, it's a beautiful thing.
But let's not start out on that kind of a note.
Let's start out with a good news.
They got the, all the Islam machines
and their money and their perfinity back last night.
Oh!
It was on all the newscasts, the law.
You notice it didn't make the front page
of the newspapers today.
Kind of buried.
Here it is.
I got one of the whichever paper this is, the Herald.
I think this was buried either in the local
or the Bobby Butterworth and Sheriff Ken Jenning.
That's right.
Right before Christmas time, they go in their last week,
weighed the cruise ships, the one in particular,
the Sun Cruise 6, Yank all of those evil slot machines
off of their compass, gave hundreds and hundreds
and hundreds of thousands of dollars.
God only knows how much.
Oh, a million dollars it says.
And of course they had these little rinky tank,
a Kmart or a radio shack kind of pieces of equipment
in there to detect how far and they admitted,
well, we were really sure where the hell we were.
Maybe it was twang.
And of course, I want you to stop and think about this.
Is it exactly three miles outside the
territory of the border of Florida?
Is it 2.8 miles?
Is it 2.6?
Is it maybe 3.1?
Does anybody know?
And does it make any difference?
That's the point.
Talk about nitpicking.
Talk about spending since April, months and months and months
and got only knows how many thousands or millions of dollars
on this very, very important investigation
that blows up in their face once again.
But I mean, stop and think about how they're not only polluting
the waters of your sea life, all the fish.
I bet you even the dolphins out there are losing their morality
because the goddamn all that gambling is going on those cruise ships
inside the three mile limit.
Now if they're like three and a half miles out there,
then it's okay.
Then we don't have to worry about a goddamn thing.
But if they're only like 2.8, 2.9 miles,
if they're like within that three mile,
then of course something evil is going on.
We better do something about it.
That's what the Sun Sentinel said.
That's what Sheriff Ken Jenny says.
That's what Goodie Tushu's Bobby Butterworth says.
And this, you know, something just like these impeachment hearings
that are going on again right now, as I speak,
there's John Conn, he's a good man, he's speaking,
but I'll be credible, but about Samo Krap.
Thank God that the most important things that we got no crime,
we got no uneducated people running around,
we got no problems in America.
The only thing we have to worry about are cruise ships
that aren't going out there far enough.
And about, let's, you know,
presidents who are getting blow jobs.
Thank God for that.
You know, with this holiday time of year,
you know, we just finished with Thanksgiving.
There's more that we can be thankful for.
The fees are the important things that we have to address
that we can direct our attention to.
Man, things must be going pretty damn well.
Nine minutes after 10, it's five.
At least just one hour right there,
one minute after 4 pandemic,
at least three 40 days,
in 18 Exodus 5th,
at more than 14.7 million.
Oh my God.
Oh!
1015-560 WQA and your neurotic station for the holidays and for most of the year, by
the way, Joe DiMaggio is on the edge.
I don't want to get the Greg Cotex's day off to a bad start over there at the hero, because
I know that he believes that, you know, superstars never die.
That's right.
There are some people who are just too important that you never die, especially if they
were like jocks because Greg Cotex's a sports writer of sorts.
And I use that term loosely.
I better take this call from a van because I think, now, anybody have a heart or a liver?
These ball games, instead of buying 20 bucks with a food at that hockey game tomorrow
night and shoveling it into ball these pockets, even though we do know, of course, he's
going to give it to Chiric.
Oh yeah.
Right.
The Wayne Heisenga Foundation.
So that's what we're looking to know.
Well, Uncle Mel.
Yes, sir.
You are on a roll.
Yes, I am.
You are in a tantrum.
I'm rolling it.
I'm rolling it.
I'm rolling it.
Hey, I've got a couple of things.
This is Mark, first of all, a long time listener from your day to day.
Yes, sir.
A college group with you, college days and everything.
And survived it somehow.
Every time you made the trip, the journey a lot easier.
Yes, I have.
Number one.
And you're welcome.
Thank you very much.
Number one, the way you started that call with that lady, calling you on tape.
Oh yeah.
And as you listen to this garbage, this one, we have to listen to it for two seconds, lady,
if you don't like it, gut it off.
Okay.
People that do like it, they listen and anybody with a brain that doesn't like it, instead
of sitting there, oh my God.
Instead of being a Paul or professionally agitated, they turn it off and they find something
else to do.
But obviously there's something in that bitch in that nice lady that attracts her to
this, even though she doesn't want to admit it.
And she likes so many other people.
Once they discovered this show, she can't turn the thing off.
Absolutely.
So I found that kind of funny that she, you're right, I have heard it on your show when
you have the people, why do you listen?
Right.
And as far as I'm concerned, when I don't like something on this, I change the channel.
Exactly.
And then all the people with television now with your clickers, everybody's got to remote
and with cable and with satellite dishes, the small dish.
Everybody's got that clicker going.
I mean, I'm one of the worst offenders in the world.
If I'm watching something and for more than 10 seconds or something on here, I don't like
her that doesn't interest me, I'm clicking at baby in the remote too.
That's right.
So that was kind of funny.
Let me see number two, the call from Havana Cuba, excellent.
Wasn't that simple?
If that guy called in every like week, I'd love to hear him.
Yeah.
He's got a lot of practice.
He's got his own show.
He's playing Pericomo Records or something now.
That is correct.
Mother Bull.
Yeah, that was funny.
Yeah.
That was funny.
Number three, those numbers three.
Well, first of all, I told George that he's great when you're on.
Why don't you be Kate?
Yes he is.
A lot better than Kate.
Mm-hmm.
And by the way, that was my idea.
I take all the credit in the world for that.
Okay, since I'm taking credit for stuff today.
Right.
Nice going, Neil.
Thank you.
Better than Kate.
Right.
And lastly, if you get a chance, do me a favor and I have not heard big girls remember
from the day to day?
Oh, big girl.
Big girl.
I love it.
I think I have to dig around for that.
I know I've got it somewhere.
It's not in the DC.
I've got it somewhere.
And love your show when you have a good holiday and I'll give you a call in a couple
of years.
And have a great life.
All right.
So, okay, there you go.
He somehow survived it since all the way by his own.
Warm and here is it just me.
It seems a little bit on the tepid side.
What is it?
I'll go visit.
It's a little on the Luke Warm side, if you ask me.
Oh, speaking of visit, there is an article very depressing, by the way, for those people
who believe we ought to have 200 states in the union.
Where the hell did it?
What did I do with that thing?
Damn it.
Got so much crap here today.
Where is that little piece?
Oh, here's that little piece.
Not enough support for statehood, Paul says.
Days before a vote on Puerto Rico's future relationship in the United States, a poll
shows support for U.S. statehood at only 37%.
For voting on it?
How the hell can they vote on it?
Why wouldn't we have to vote on it?
The survey published on Monday by the El Mundo newspaper, Echo's previous poll.
Similar surveys have shown statehood winning the most votes, but falling short of the
$50.
So why don't we have Puerto Rico?
We've got enough Puerto Ricans here already.
We love our Puerto Ricans friends, and there's a free switchblade with every Puerto
Ricans.
What's wrong with that?
So one of our poll questions today, who make the best neighbors?
Puerto Ricans, Colombians, or Cubans?
That's our poll question today.
What are you smiling about?
I think that's a very legitimate question.
Who would you rather have living next door to your house?
Now, there's probably going to be none of the above.
There'll be that category too, like in their poll.
Puerto Ricans, Colombians, or Cubans.
I think that's a very, very significant questionnaire and something we really ought to spend.
We ought to spend a lot more time thinking about that and about some stupid ballgame.
Hey, how'd the poll be in coffin, dude?
10.56.
This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
New South Asian 됐ee
ruptured Toronto and they said oh yeah if you want to hang your boobs out and march up
and down that's okay and now this Roman Catholic priest up there this bishop
Matthew Clark oh no he's not the one jibber James Cowan I'm sorry at the
Corpus Christi Church in Rochester in Europe he's the one that's been mirroring
gay people same sex weddings in Rochester of all places so somewhere along
the line yes Virginia there is a liberal element Rochester believe it or not
must be those Jews and Italians the Roman Catholic diocese on Monday
suspended a priest who conducted same sex weddings served holy communion to
non-Catholic like that and allowed a woman to perform some duties on the
altar okay which is another one of the parts of the lunacy of the Catholic
Church and most religions like Orthodox Jews
treated it because the Bible says you know that women are like just like your
slaves are like whatever the Bible said that's right it was all these
instructions so all you women just stayed barefoot and pregnant in the kitchen
and cut the crap that's that's what the church teaches you and go make babies
so there's another great story for Marches here so what are we gonna do about
those damn Puerto Ricans George was telling me before that we have more
Puerto Ricans and brother than we have Cubans is that is that true those were
pre-hurking in statistics what is it those were pre-Andrew statistics also
others after her can Andrew lot of Cubans got pushed up there in the
Barrett counties that way trying to tell when their houses were all blown away
yeah what about some nice property of the brother I don't think homestead was
mostly Cubans wasn't no but like country water a lot of great pictures down
air how about like Mexicans do we have Mexicans in Brown oh I don't think we
let any Mexicans in the brow yet I think we're gonna take up a resolution on
that but I don't think we are doing that quite yet oh by the way speaking of
Mexicans have ever gone to a supermarket in the aroma of rotting fish is the
what are you laughing about I was telling you I was talking about this before
because I happen to have that experience yet that I went into a supermarket that
I usually don't frequent because I was looking for my scripts my B scripts and
it's a beautiful market and it's clean and it's huge and great selection
etc although they didn't have what I was looking for God then although maybe
they had you know something maybe they had the bags they just was looking at
the right place maybe they had those of freezer bags but at any rate and I
walk and I open up the door and the first thing that hits you in the face is
that smell from the seafood department that just walks through the entire
store of rotting fish and maybe it's not rotting but it's just or like for
example ever go to a place like in Boston where they have all those outdoor
markets you know the farmers markets and I love the farmers markets where they
have real cheap cold cuts and produce but when you get close to the fish and
seafood department you know where they're outside oh God and of course if you
don't like fish to begin with if you're not a fish eater which I hate fish and
the aroma just knocks you out I just don't know how some of you guys can
handle it you know what I'm saying you're gotta want to get too graphic here but
but the smell of that rotting fish I just oh man woo heavy duty must have
something to do with nose plugs is that what's required before I go deep-seeing
diving is nose plugs before you just dive right in there man wow the smell of
that pungent rotting disgusting fish and I just want to go to the door that
store just race right out and get some of the fresh air even if the
outside isn't all that fresh I just say holy crap let me out of here I don't
I think there are other than obvious I mean there are few things in with a
world that smell worse than that smell of rotting fish in the other crap that
goes all the whatever that is God so you people that are running your super
markets wonder why you're not doing as much business as the other guys maybe if
you like you know maybe those maybe the managers of those stores have heavy
head cools maybe they have sinus problems because it's so apparent you walk in
the door and it just hits you in the face like a sledgehammer just whap just
like that hits you right in the post and you say man something's fishy in
this joint something stinks the high heaven it smells like crap in here I don't
want to say what store was because I don't want to get our friend out there
upset you know the one I called and said come on into our story remember that
day I called twice I don't want to get him upset but he might tell his
friends at that store I don't want to mention the name that stinks in here it's
11 awaited five sixty wq a you want to get a great great card out of the
sports pages of both our local newspapers any days of very soon 11 13 at
five sixty wq a and we got the open lines in date county five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the 18th wireless line something I forgot to mention
yesterday which I better get to right now immediately or I'll forget again very
very important I've been screaming since they opened the Macarena the hockey
palace up there in Broward in sunrise I've been screaming about the fact that
the gold lights are a little dinky tiny like Christmas lights they're so small
that you have to have a telescope to see him when a goal is scored which of
course is supposed to be the highlight the most exciting thing about a game
especially when the home team scores we hope but nevertheless that's supposed
to be an exciting thing well they have never responded that they did respond
to several other things lids for the for the soda cups they responded the
fact that the audio the sound was too loud and distorted they finally got
that screened out again after having a few bumpy rocks in that road and
evidently they're trying to clean up their app in various ways but as far as
the gold lights are concerned evidently Wayne has given so much money to
security that he can't afford like real gold lights like in a real new hockey
arena okay so what fine we have to live with those little dinky gold lights the
only problem being that the ones at the north end I even got my directions right
this time the ones at the panther shoot twice and okay to my right is I'm
sitting there on 101 look into the right that goal the gold light doesn't come
on most of the time game you have that against Carolina on Saturday just a few
seconds into the game here's Robert's fail us this is a goal and that there's
the puck is right in the net looks to me like a goal on the screen and I'm
cheering most of the people see it's in there does the light come on no in fact
I think that a couple of times in a game maybe two or three times the light
actually come on when a goal was scored no we've got to put it on anymore which
I'm sure that the goals judge I mean his eyesight must be good enough to see
the puck is sitting there right in the net he's probably pressing the button maybe
Wayne just can't afford enough cash maybe the city of sunrise whoever's really
responsible there can't afford enough cash for a new light bulb in that little
tiny red thing in there and they're just little you know maybe we can also
along with our center one campaign we could take up a collection for like under a
buck whatever we're cross for a replacement light bulb for the goal light to
come on let a goal is scored I mean you talk about a sterile experience going
to hockey game this score goal and like it was the light on is something going on
here to witness anybody know I mean these are little things okay but it's
called going to a sporting event a lot of people paying a lot of money to
subsidize it by the way and they have a way to expect certain things that
actually have to do with the game going on as opposed to everybody in all
a dance and around oh this is the new deal now by the way of the new arena this is
the new deal and that is the interludes of which there are more and more and
longer commercial the TV timeouts and all this other book right during the
interludes between the action is that everybody their brothers looking up on
that big gigantic screen just to see if their pulses on there they're waving
their puke and you know I had my moment of glory there that one time which I
hope doesn't happen again soon because I'm wearing my no VM button just to make
sure it don't happen but at any rate so now everybody that's on it they had one
young woman on there I thought she was gonna do a strip act everybody in the
crowd was going to this is a lot more exciting than the stupid game and they
had some little kids say about an eight or nine year old kid up there and he's
he's he's like doing a strip routine I thought what the hell was this kid doing
he's he's doing like dirty dancing up there in the crowd he's going crazy and
this is the excitement okay that contrives news that the people jukin and
jivin in the sense the game is boring as all crap they're blowing a lead time
after time again but you're having a great time it's excitement isn't it
excitement no come on and go out there in the hallways and buy a lot of that
over-priced-scale food too while you're at it open line and brow at all three
in date here's L.A.V. Chilla hey hi Neil yes sir just a
bulk shoot of your poll questions yes you know what I found out as an Italian
American what is that is that I grew up in New York okay that I moved in here
now I'm an Italian American or are you a guido because you said in New York
well you don't say much to relatively no no you don't say for shoot now there's
it's up but a lot of the time and Jews like I find that I found this whether
it's culturally or food wise whatever you know combination a lot of entertainment
wise a lot of Italian and Jews like the same thing right especially when you
come to let's say upper middle class and up okay they like a lot of the same
as we both have big noses well I I all the Jewish people I know love the God
for the movie right okay they love Italian food and they like well isn't there
a segment of Italians like Sicilian for example because I remember when a movie
first came out and Joe Dodge Yola was doing the today's show on NBC and they
had priest on there and they were screaming and carrying on about the stereotypes
and about Sicilians are not mobsters now what you know the Italian
defamation league was having a nerve breakdown I know that all that comes out
with any news sort of like a ethnic movie there's always could be some group
be offended for one affection we'll talk yeah and I was reading somewhere this
is really an off-shoot but you know that when it comes to Elvis impersonators the
largest the two largest groups are Italians and Jews who are that's something huh
you learn something every day yeah yeah I just wanted to let you know that I see
tremendous similarities between Italians and Jews I I don't think there's
great fact when you go to Rome I think it's the same people is that's not when you
go to New York even the glamest begettish in New York you know that oh absolutely
that's the melting pot of melting pot right I just wanted to let you know that I
just found out throughout my life and I wonder if you felt the same thing absolutely
the correction okay and work on that nose okay I'll see okay there's a grito
from New York we have an open line in front of all three and they quiet this
morning when I wasn't taking calls we were loaded we had eight million calls on
here but I have a lot of material in fact I'll continue if you want I'll just
keep rambling on I'm in a ramblin mood today I'm just loaded with good
stuff today five six now now that we're I'm really putting on this push the last
three weeks because yesterday we were getting updates from Carol on set of
one like every half hour which actually make a very important goal a nice big
round six figures and please do it or else here's a mobile in pompano hello
yes sir well I hope I can enlighten you in some way and I'll open you with
center one I do I do appreciate what you're doing for him and I do a belief I do
believe in how do you like that there's a great guy see when we used to do
camel sauce we'd get I know this may come as a shot to you but there'd be
several people you'll put up envelopes and then all of a sudden here be one for a
thousand dollars remember those days thousand dollars and we did get a check
for my friend Ron the hockey fan they fill out your fire's fan is a great guy
1500 bucks he donated this year usually gives me a thousand every year but
this year Doug deep down into his pocket 1500 bucks for which we thank him
profusely a lot of people off their ass raised in immediate 400 bucks from
right inside here right inside the QAIM and power 96 by the way power 96
you know we'll take your checks to just like Robert and sales there from power
96 we certainly your money spend just as well as anybody else's open line
and it's all of a sudden I guess it's going to be another one of those days
today but I'm used to it they're probably watching the speechment hearings
right now as I speak they're probably watching that crap getting all sucked into
that ballooning again I don't even have it on I got the weather channel on right
now I don't have a CNN on because every few I I have no more room in my life
I'm just worn out they don't get the message okay they don't get the message we
don't want to hear any more about it there's nothing more to be said about it
they've dissected it they've turned it upside down inside out he had an affair
they tried to cover it up just like everybody else does who's married and even
people who aren't married and then that's it it's got nothing to do with government
it's got nothing to do with impeachment it's got nothing to do with anything
but partisan politics and quite frankly I can't deal with another second of it
I will not watch it I don't want nothing to do with it
five sobel in West Palm Beach hello
hey how you doing great I couldn't agree with you more on the you're taking
on the panthers the fans and the arena and the only thing people care about
will be limp drop the tickets in my lap and are there a panther of key shirts
for the panther for 12 right and what B.M. has done is decided to spend more money
on the key shirts and on players to improve the quality of the team yeah other
thing you know about two or three months ago is channel surfing is TV later
Friday night and of all things among the romance channel and who's getting
married on TV so I'm hungry but still Henry
so I'm in a romance channel yes are you tired they had his waiting and his
preparations you know he got married out there yeah yeah
I spoke to his new wife she's sweetheart she's great but it was actually a
segment of the profile still are you sure are you sure are you sure yeah I'm
sure okay thanks for the good news okay by the way it is feel still bald by
the way extremely okay thanks okay we have an open line and groward all three
lines and days why are they gonna put my wedding on TV no I guess not five six
I get married over the weekend I guess you're worried loping kind of well kept
secret so far but what you know why me let it out is kind of embarrassed about
it is my not too happy either what go to Rochester for that we are going to
Rochester's a matter of fact in fact father what's his name father O'Toole is
going to be making me sacred union here's a mobile in Bokeh hello yes sir how
you doing okay I was just waiting to be put on you are on oh I just hit
mobile in Bokeh I said hello and you said hello and here we are yeah I have to
say I'm from Boston I want to be yeah the bro and you know that yeah oh that was
a worst game in history the human race yes come again yeah is that a
good they don't know how to choose you know the only people they can cheer is me
a liar and we're waiting it's the only true nothing we need cheer for anybody the
only thing they know how to do is say hey ref you suck and even when a
panta commits a flagrant obvious penalty you still hear the same assholes is
maybe about 500 of them they're very well very vocal it's always the same jack
guys is hey ref you suck as though they're impressing the rest of it and of course
we're all humiliated and embarrassed by their behavior and they were afraid of
me I mean even though they won one nothing it was a foreign game that you could
have taken a book in a small pencil flashlight and had a good time as a
person watching the game and I went to the Icarloin again yeah yeah and well
they were entertaining they're all the same fan who most of all you don't see
the same people two games in a row because most of the people don't have
season tickets they share or they get freebies or whatever and so most
of the time they're not going to be the only way people would go to the game
if it's a freebie right that's right they can see themselves up on the big
screen and make tools out of themselves welcome to the outside floor to serve and
try to fill up that please center
sports for your ratio is what the fused boy you
yeah
five sixty wq and a headgoalvers show live at the sporting bruises to a
clock we got the orange here at one the cartoon character walking and living
and breeding bootshambia at six and Eddie Kaplan is compulsive gambling shows
at a clock tonight I'll tell you one thing boy Dave County that these lines
working out because we had a call from a van on a day line right off the
bat this morning other than that we can't we can't rustle up any interest in
date County whatsoever I think my comment about Puerto Ricans and the
Colombians in Cuban you think that's something to do with it well what's
wrong with it I think that's a very legitimate pull question we want
everybody sensitive enough tighter in the holidays let's lay right out
there on the line okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the
18 T wireless line anybody in Davis speaks English no okay just checking here's
a mobile in four-loader deal hello yeah me oh yes sir
I'm donating a hundred dollars your charity but not for a very good reason yeah
I'm donated because I hate that scumbag at the Sun Sentinel that that's a good
enough reason yeah it's not really the good reason but that's why great you know
I wish we'd put more against you and get more people to come out and stick up
okay all right thank you so much thank you how do you like that see that that's
my I'm gonna use this I'm gonna try to take a negative well I mean negative
I you know people take shots at me all the time I'm used to that and of course
if you're gonna dish it out you got to take it I don't care about that but it's
just the idea that in conjunction at a time where we're doing our fundraiser and
try to do the best we can for charity which I do every year at this time and I've
done for about the last 14 or 15 years now and this asshole's given the song
to dance about a corrosive radio host me a Rogers because I won't kiss Wayne
I think is as well guess what buddy I won't kiss his ass I sure as hell won't
come anywhere near your ass you're safe buddy because you're the most grizzled
disgusting two-conducing piece of garbage ever seen in my life take a bad take
a shower get a bar of coast okay go over to Bob Green maybe they'll loan you the
coast over there for a few minutes you can take a shower little scumbag and of
course isn't that interesting that this all comes right on the heels of my
comments a few days ago this was like a few days after I was talking about the
sunset and all their hypocritical thing with the sun cruise that editorial that
they wrote that unacceptable idiotic editorial about how that raid was great
for all the citizens of Florida yeah it was great they wasted all our taxpayer
money and now they had to go with egg on their face last night and bring all
of that in slot machines back and bring the million dollars in cash back nice
going airs on sentinel one of our astute listeners sees on page two of the
sports section on the same day that that editorial ran on page two they got a
big ad for the sun cruise casino the very same one that they're condemning
on her editorial pages so they'll take the advertising money thank you we have
no problem whatsoever but we'll editorialize against the evils and what a
sucker better is in yada yada yada yada yada bhapapapah how corrupt you are but in
the meantime we'll take you ad put it right there in the sports page page two
quarter page ad or eight of the page whatever it's big fat ass look at that one
calling aboard you know I I just I throw my arms up and you know I say to myself
you know just play you stuff just play stuff all day I'm whipped up here I'm
feeling better than I have in months because actually I lost like three pounds on the
scale thanks to my season Tyson Tenderler you know and I want to say something about that
too. 50,000 fall starts I've had on these diets this year I said to myself instead of making
some stupid New Year's resolution which we all do why not start in December and get like
a head start on it like a month ahead. As opposed to waiting until New Year and then making
some stupid statement that I've broken 50 million times as you've all heard over the years
and I'm doing it and I'm going to tell you something else about it. There's no there's
no big secret to losing weight there's no secret about it at all. You can dilute yourself
with the lies like that low fat bull crap with all that you know all those low fat brownies
and cupcakes yeah right are you brownie hunts? It's bull crap you know that. But you're
just diluting yourself because that stuff tastes good. But those of us who fought the good
fighter even a bad fight against them there's no secret too we know how to lose the way
you just have to do it. Just do it that's all no secret whatsoever if the Atkins works
for you that's what you have to do. If Weight Watchers if that crap works for that's
what you have to do whatever it is that works for you. There's no secret. So all of this
big hoax pocus and all these fake info Marshalls and all these silly looking plastic people
under peddling you some bull crap some stupid book or some stupid pills that don't do anything
but make them money. That's not where it's at you know how to do it because all of us
who are fat we've all lost weight at times and then gained it back and then some and lost
some more and gained it we all know we all know how to lose it so you have to just do it.
Here's Hollywood hello. And you know what's up how you doing sir. I was wondering where
do you send the donations to what's the douchebag out there. What does that mean I didn't
give this punk the address can you give a shout out to a douchebag. Where do you send
the address and can I give a shout out to a douchebag. No punks okay I'm not interested
in talking to punks who are obviously either out of school out of the infirmary out of
the Bible institution. How do you like that. Thanks for your tremendous contributions
sir here to our show on 560 WQM thanks for your contribution to the human race and
can I call Tommy a douchebag no can we call you a douchebag. There you go okay you're
a douchebag if you're better now why is it that as soon as he asked that question there
was a little tremor in the back of my brain saying I don't think so.
Hey now what's going on with these lines here this is not possible okay we're doing this
too long I have dial tones and all three of these day lines it is not humanly possible
is it. Two out of three your browser calls are from date. Yes see that's what I don't
understand. There is calls are forwarded to the browser lines. No I'm sorry there is
a trigger in the wood pile if we can get a call from Havana on the day lines the day lines
are working okay it's not a question of date. There is something with his phone system
by the way is anybody got any more information we'll remove it upstairs. Anybody hear
anything more about that. No. What year is going to be what century. Oh yeah they got
the glass the contractors that are building those new studios for power and QAM up on
the third floor they got the glass you know the windows for between the control room and
the studios a few days ago in pieces because they ordered it from California real expensive
stuff by the way and it came shattered and little pieces so there's another delay and
that's not even for us that's for power 96 so the ladies just keep on coming they must
have gotten the best contractors that money can't buy they must have gotten guys that can
wait a long time for their check that they came to the right company for that. What was
that. Oh somebody just wanted to align that to me not to explain why they're not calling
and what is that because it was he goes to were too busy that's where I cut him off. Oh
they're too busy so I was going to launch into something else but you know we got you
too busy it was too busy to speak to me but he would not busy enough to give you a lecture
that's probably long I hope it's time to talk to you all by as far as they can blow it out
your ass okay 5 6 7 0 5 60 pom 5 60 on the 18 2 wireless live 20 from new and QAM you want
to drive your show just named by buddy Nevins of the prestigious Sun Centrel is the number
one radio show at America thank you buddy okay where we going I they're too busy for
us today we better get to these calls real fast okay in fact each call should be about 10
seconds we'll take about 20,000 because they're real busy that's what George keeps hearing
from these people well you know we're all listening but we're real busy you know what
what are they doing maybe they're going to the song rest as anybody told me what the attraction
is at the song rest no I keep over the years I keep asking some of the same questions every
few months I'll bring it back again even though I know I'm not going to get an answer because
there is no answer it's like all a God will crap I mean how could anybody believe such
nonsense is there an answer no of course not because it's the easy way out because they
think everybody else believes this balloon or everybody claims that they do because it's
the appropriate thing to do in public oh yeah sure I believe that there's a heaven and
a hell you're going to burn in hell mister yeah right I believe that crap and a devil
with a pitchfork and all these fairy tales and a virgin Mary on the penis pizza and on
the side of the bank building of course we all believe in that don't we know but it's easier
to say yes here's a mobile and Palm Beach Garden hello hello yes sir I'm a newly arrived
refugee from Los Angeles oh god I have no idea what you're doing here sweetheart well I
don't go either but I'm very enthralled with your show and I'd like to know I'd love to buy
some CDs to send presents to my associates although I'm quite an atheist for Chanukah
or Christmas yeah and I just don't really know where to go you don't know where to go
I'm sure that we can tell you okay now where are you I'm in Palm Beach Garden
for my daughter in Palm Beach Gardens well the closest would be in the point and beach
or if you want to do it easier just pick up the phone and call I'll give you the phone
number how's that how about that thanks so much 9 5 4 yes 5 6 3 yes 3 600 thank you so much
and I really enjoy you don't stay here too long because you learned to hate it well I don't
think it better love it be possible because you and I agree on many too many things okay have a great
life get out here okay by the way Baltimore leads the nation this is great in fact you know before
again this I was talking to Rimmer on the phone yesterday is that a surprise now my good close
personal friend Jeff Rimmer the voice of the Panthers and he we were talking about his old days in
Baltimore in Washington and that stuff of course he's always talking about which I don't want to
hear about but and I said well you know how were those fans in the Baltimore Washington area and he
said they stuck and maybe there was a reason they smelled so bad Baltimore has by far the country's
highest rate of syphilis at more than 30 times the national average and the city blames the rise
of crack and the trading of drugs for sex Baltimore also top the nation in Ghana Ria with the
rate nine times the national average like those Baltimore people the center for disease control
and prevention on Monday ranked the 20 cities with the highest rates of two sexually transmitted
diseases last year and guess what we finally got an anxious disgusting revolting list that we
didn't make all right just in case you want to check these out because you're going to be running
around the country screwing around besides Baltimore 14 cities appear oh I see this is just
the cities that appeared on both list so we don't really have the whole uh washing in the oh look
at that washing in DC well you know about those fans they stuck St. Louis had landed Detroit rich
man that's rich man Virginian Newark New Jersey well you know about Newark they stuck North
for Virginian New Orleans Memphis Tennessee Oklahoma City Birmingham Alabama Chicago Nashville and Milwaukee
when there's him to be in over abundance of those in the mall I don't want to see what kind of cities
they are you know what I'm saying we have an open line in Broward to and Dave five six seven oh five
sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line maybe they just have a small crack problem
here's a mobile in Wellington hello hello yes sir yes I am how are you doing today okay
hey I brought your full I think Colombians will be the best yeah based on one of them though
yeah and based on they got the good stuff yeah listen I'm sending you a small check it's not too much
they look away if it's if it's a dollar we'll take it I mean anything believe me if we just got
enough people off their ass you'd be amazed how much we could raise in three weeks and the best part
of it is I'm sending the airborne express so you'll get it off someday excellent sunbar right okay thank
you so much yeah he said I'm sure we believe that two open lines in the Broward to and
five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless at someday here's a
mobile in Miami hello yes sir that's what I just said sir and get a new phone and get out from
underwater Lloyd but look what it did Lloyd bridges he's dead that idea to spend too much time
underwater pal open line at Broward all three and Dave they're too busy for Neil today that's
the message from here to the holidays maybe after the first of the year they're going to come back
oh maybe not got a whole new deal cooking now here you know last the last couple of weeks
everything was rolling along singing a song I come in yesterday and yesterday today oh now it's
getting too close to the holidays we're too busy okay hi this is Mario for which wishing you a happy
honor yeah easy for you to say okay you big nose bastard easy for you to say how's Connie doing by
the way here's a mobile in this is brutal mobile in Cooper City hello good morning Neil how are you okay
I it's it's funny bring up the the sawgrass because I've always felt there's nothing there I mean
you're actually going to respond to my comments about the sawgrass mills more I think one of the
reasons most of my audience doesn't respond is because most of us never go there and I live right
there Neil there's nothing else to do except shop and I'm not a shopper so I work all day but I
can understand shopping in a mall where they have like great stores or like the Glendale Mall out
I mean big amazing beautiful malls where they have great merchandise well what what is the attraction
what is it that they have that I haven't seen yet well the the New York diamonds exchange is pretty good
if you if you can't find you find what you want to Beverly's go to the diamond yeah well that is
what my friend Freddie's jurors is in there too and I'll forget him oh I didn't know he was in
there yes he's in there oh check Freddie's out and also our friends of Wolf camera in there too
so like I said Wolf camera and Freddie's jurors anything else we can think of no it's a great
place to go and I take my kids to that overpriced restaurant there the Amazon queen or jungle
whatever it is that the Amazon queen the Amazon now is that if the old two kind or the purple
parrots and the I think it's in between both of them yeah and Neil the sports on the
world thing it might say the indigo iguana yes Neil if I hear anymore about the controversy of
the ball games who should be in the field I said this yesterday and the more I listen to
more I'm convinced this man needs a levotomy he is so obsessed with this college football craft
who cares and how cares and they'll act we're not anywhere near Tallahassee we're not anywhere
near Gainesville and deep always like locked in this gator seminal thing and it's like he needs to
have a part of his brain removed surgery well we're not near the ball games either this is ripping
the media only you know that's neither here to there those are my opinions okay and the media
over the years they're setting good things about me in this show they said some crappy things they
take in some shots hey that's the way it goes but when you're trying to do something for a good
charity and you try to raise some money there is any reason to be a hard ass but of course the media
in this town are basically a bunch of hardasses especially buddy never he's an asshole exactly
and a little pork with a bad beard so you know what he sends this out and we'll wait with it is
new times gonna be putting this in no how about city lia george's laugh and hysterically how about
city link no which I think they left the H out of that word how they spell out s i t y s i t t y
city link are they gonna be putting in a plug for our no there you go so you know it's great and
I appreciate it very much Woody but I'm still waiting with vaded breath to see if anybody's
gonna give us any assistance on this how about Tom jikka Tom right anything about our center one
fund razor no all the money near rages is raised for charity no about the only time it's ever been
even mentioned was when Ellie Brecker wrote that big tough piece which I think her for profusely
and she put that in there and you know a couple of other times over the years there's been like a
mention a casual mention of the fact the a committal house in center one and the fund razor
etc and so on well the purpose of that series besides the goose up their ratings during the
uh... sweeps we can November the purpose of that series was allegedly to show the good side of
the people on the air they you know even the eruders who comes off like a real prick on a radio
he's a good guy he does nice things he helps other people he wore raises money for charity
and there was nothing not one word said about any of the fundraisers and it was timely it was
it was the piece appeared during the period of time when we're in the middle of the fund razor
was there anything on your about it no thank you so much Diane
was either was just a bulletin on your about your demand you want a lot of bulletin but
the court news call underneath the uh... your speechment hearings it was a news call out there
you don't think you might have died do you uh... uh... uh... better check on that real quick
i'll keep watching again the death watches on don't tell a great code text to be just crushed
as another part of america by status i mean he would be couldn't handle the fact that you're
to burns died and who is the other way i was an ultra die and guess what great even jodamazio
will die how do you like that i'm a dog here's for a lot of the hell hello
i'm here yes sir i was thirty pounds and two months
yeah mogen crack uh... yeah i think you i thought you sounded like you had a crack problem
we have an open line in uh...broward line here's a mobile in davie hello
hello yes sir hey me how are you doing i'm doing okay i'm
i don't know what i heard the last call it's the battle because i was gonna tell you that i
just started a diet today and i was gonna have to talk about the crack in the record what
somebody was talking about well i just i'm not gonna go on by the acting book i'm not gonna be
fanatical about that i'm not on what i mean she's like you know you can have cheese on the
yackens well what kind of cheese you talking about hard cheese not soft cheese
well just ask your wife she'll tell you like it you want it hard not soft
okay one line left on the board look at this this is this is brutal
you know and in the thing and you know what really killed me about this audience and about
this whole town in general is when you you know here a guy comes and takes a cheap shot which really
you know you have sets a fire off under my eyes about our fundraising thing and at the time when
you're reading looking for the audience no one's saying to come forward give you some support
oral support like uh you know they're behind you they're with you they want to do something they
want to make something happen and they just disappear they just vanish you know you go on do
these appearances 20 people show up well we're too busy for that we're all listening but we're all
too busy we got more important things to do and that's what happens when you stay in one place
two god damn long they take you for granted like the woodwork like the carpeting you know like the
furniture it's just there and you take it for granted
George is giving me a dumb look and I'm giving him a dumb look so you're right yeah I know I'm
right I know I'm right but I mean this is this is just pathetic I got one caller on the board
again the deadline somehow died on me today just died and no matter how many different things I've
talked about it these people got nothing because that whatever it is that they're doing maybe
they're running to the song right to investigate for me to see what's going on there it's so
I don't know what it is that they're doing but it's a hell of a lot more important than us maybe
they're sitting there watching this stupid crap I'm going to tell you something if there are people
out there watching this impeachment crap again god help us all if you people are sitting there
watching all these talking head pontificating and saying the same crap we've been here for the last
12 months now then you need assistance man this whole country needs help
by say you know and we can pot it up if you want to hear the god damn impeachment hearings
that we can pot it up does that see it and pot is that thing hooked up in here now
did we get that straightened out pot it up and see if this clown is on there this
be spectacle clown that's hot gonna try it he's talking we don't hear nothing
no
are you crapping me so in other words there's something momentous was about to happen which
is not but if it were and we wanted to put it on here we can't do it again because of the
technical incompetence in this joint and it was working before yeah it was working though yeah
well every now and end just like oh when we come on here yesterday we came on had a problem come
on again today had a problem technical amazement and these guys upstairs oh we don't understand
what Neil's all upset about why he's making such a big fuss all you'd like to do is just come
in do the best you can under all formidable odds try to do four hours of something whatever
that you call this a crap and one day the stuff works the next day it doesn't work the glasses
on away from California and you know and everybody's walking around when they're
fingering each other back home in the meantime technically they beasley people ate his
zester you're an embarrassment the beesleys over there in Naples you people are an industry
embarrassment I don't care how if people get pissed off here and that it's the truth it's the truth
there are kids with little toy radio stations in their basement up north who have better equipment
than we've got on guarantee a pipe or high up there at the KPS they got better stuff than we got
an equipment too you know keep banging on it 10 minutes after an equipment to 10
I asked that's why I tested it because I had this feeling in the in the pit of my
rectum stomach that we're going to be shut out again
Neil Rogers got 17 at 560 WQAM while we had the 8,000 calls on and lying when we were to see
again it's partly a product of this to a format which I'm told well the answer for that is after
December is over and then when January comes we won't have any business on the log and you'll
have no spots radio again and then you'll get some calls to hold on for a while because they might
you might actually get to some well that's terrific that's really great boys 5 6 7 0 5 6 8
0 5 6 the animal will one one and again the bottom line is they don't care they do not care
we must get on 20 million spots because we owe Wayne the mortgage on the whole goddamn place okay
we must get on 50 billion spots because that's the only that's the only way we can possibly survive
dummy here's a mobile in Miami hello Neil God yes sir hey how you doing you're talking about
supermarkets a little earlier yeah and I was wondering what happened to there was a supermarket I
mean there was as big as the wholesaler's I cost oh I mean I had everything in more extra I don't
know if you remember long gone long gone they're in the bag what happened is they wanted to make
your bag your own and we all got together and said no and that's it that's the end of that
that place works you know what else they moved out of town and moved back to New York and stopped
the buying up all those industrial size boxes of cereal and the shipoy already that that kind of
put a crimp in their plan remember they said those big gigantic industrial size huge vats
like for schools values to go there with fat rich used to shop together and once they stopped
going to actually yeah that was another one that went down to a good good job there pal right down
the tubes you have to bag your own now take an Amsterdam you go to the supermarket they've got
some nice markets not not like the ones we have here but they have some decent markets and you
not only bag your own groceries but you pay it's just like 25 cents or whatever but you pay a few
builders or a few cents for a bag for plastic shopping bag and then they shove everything to be
ended thing and they have a divider for the next person's grocery and you bag your own
two open I thought you'd be very interested in by the way you know they put mayonnaise on a
fries and two open lines and done how do you like that as once again John should use educating the
work and here's a mobile and highly hello hey how's it going no okay multi time color over here well
anyway real quickly I'm a work and I'm hiding from the boss Monday I picked up farewell to God
I'm a Zondai 10 times the price oh yeah so I'm actually waiting for it and I should have it in a
couple days excellent you'll love it all right I got to read thanks later okay that'd be a good
the holiday gift too for some of your religious nuts that you got out there by a copy of that book
and just kind of lay it under there a tree or under there Hanukkah bush or whatever it is
that's a celebrate say hey I just kind of peruse through this okay and cleanse your brain of
all that bull crap all that propaganda oh no we can't do that the good book says
well that is a good book for well the god by Charles temple that is the good book
open line and bowed all three and then look at this enthusiasm the south Florida audience coming
to neo-Rajas rescue just as the time when he needs them the most just that this desperate time of
the year look at these people piling on here on the lines we're going to get a goddamn yellow flag
for piling on baby that's the way that they're operative they doing it here today oh they're not
doing it at all for love or money I guess they don't even want those dolphin jets tickets
here's a mobile in bokeh hello hey how you doing there okay sir all right I just wanted to
apologize you know that I do listen and I'm not terribly busy enough to drop you a phone call
to staff got your back whatever I can do which is probably go to borders here in a little bit and
buy some stuff waiting out one right there in bokeh how do you like that that's just what I was
looking here because I've got a few of them for my years past and they love them I used to live in
Alabama and they love your best of the other one they like best up there was one from our 95
yeah and they they thought that was just great and told me to like get the hell out of Alabama so
here I am and don't ever come back right exactly just want to let you know I was here man okay thanks
a lot of pal go out and buy a 20 or 30 all right thank you so much okay one call left in a
board that said five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty I mean we're pushing it pulling it
in it ain't nothing's happening here yesterday today that was an emarcation line okay a day that
will live in in for me December 7 1998 Roosevelt was way ahead of his time little didn't know forget
about Pearl Harbor yesterday was the day that it lived in for me the the demarcation line for this
year because now they've really now they're real busy they are so preoccupied they haven't got time
they got the radio on I know that everywhere I go oh by the way I want to say hello to my close
personal friend I don't know if she's got a radio in the turn pack told booth I wish I knew her name
remember I was telling you about her the other day I see her every day on the way home because I
don't no longer go to county line road because all that then construction 441 so I'll go back by
to the stadium there she's got the red hair and the red fingernails and her sum listen to this show
and she knows me and I mean how are you nice two-bin lady she's great she's the best how you
don't sweet heart obvious for looking forward to seeing it to a clock believe me I'm looking forward
to seeing you you have no idea how much because that means I'll be getting out of here heading up
to Hershey Highway here's a mobile in Miami hello hello near yes yeah I used to work with a lady
from Norway and she said in Norway a lot of European countries yet they bring their own bags
to the supermarkets that's correct dylb bring your own bag that's cool I mean
that's not a great idea like grandma yeah I went on the new website and uh usually it looks nice
happened all the bits and clips and stuff are they coming back sooner I have no idea you'd have to
ask Eric I don't know whether bringing that back or what he's doing with it hey Eric don't be a
douchebag bring back the bits and the clips okay and have a great life okay we have an open line
in Broward one a day not there today no any ladies cons they happy holidays happy hotica have a happy
uh career Christmas happy new year and thanks for all the great entertainment the last uh many many
years no those people out there any women no no because they hate me like poison because their
sourpuses that's what their problem is in his town 80 90 percent of the women we get like a 1.5
of a two-year-old women tops tops tops that's what we get women with sour looks at it like like I
just cut a real bad that's right cuts some real serious bad cheese like they just walked in that
supermarket with a smell of rotting fish watching to their nostrils that's what most of the women in
this town will tell you when they hear about this you or hear my name or you turn on the radio
play one of my tapes for like two seconds or more or turn on at the TV show when they get in that
thing off of there already there's so anxious to get the hell out that thing off of there that's what
mister said yesterday or Sunday in a herald because that's the problem with whammy it's not that city
desk oh yeah it's not that problem and it's not ocean drive and it's not that awful newscast that
they show 85 times and it's not the washing reruns of mesh it's the near-roder show he's the
chigger in a wood pot it's not that stupid sports you're where they were playing grab ass on
the sofa with each other all the time know what's the near-roder show that's the problem with with
everything that's right with buddy levin's with the whammy near-roder sees the problem here's a
mobile in Hollywood hello mobile in Hollywood happy all days you're glad and you back to you sir
hey can I go out for those jets off as to get right uh huh okay here's uh my amy hello did you hear
here's my amy hello yes sir stay away from the guia bearers yeah okay thanks stay away from the
guia bearers a little bit behind the time sir I have a war no guia bearers at about a hundred years
okay asshole you wouldn't know a guia bearer if somebody stuck with him in your recto when they
beat us to what they already did when in doubt pull it out pal we have an open line of day five six
up here's a mobile in hell and Dale hello hello yes sir hi hey I won by borders yeah and I wanted to
ask you a question I bought the two did you got thank you and uh they they put the money in
envelope what's all what's all what's over that well because it's separate they don't put it in
their cash tour because we don't want borders getting the money that I'll go straight to you straight
to center one well yeah straight out I was doing it to give you the money enough to them yeah well
that's why I'm talking in the register it's separate also I went by shells on Saturday what time
you got to stay still there we stayed there right till let's see five to seven o'clock seven o'clock seven
sorry can I get some dolphins tickets yes sure okay we have an open line in day five six
often tickets you're it's five six on 1226 all the dolphin tickets you want right here on five
sixty QA for thirty no problem at all baby we got dolphin tickets up the old fat template that's
right because we want to take care of our crowd forget about them doing anything for us or
for charity we want to take care of this audience baby because when I ask them they are right there
no they're right on top of it no they're there to support me and stand behind me no 20 or 30
miles back up the road no choices thank you pancakes and eggs anyway I want them oh and
sausages so those sausages that look like dog turrets yeah the ones that always come stuck together why
is that I don't want to wander under a heat lamp but some fast food place I want to wander
under a heat lamp but letting tell you how I want it I want to bake a really fatty and wings the
when you pick it up you should have a soup shot your finger and ends with a yolk gulf and
I want it served by a fat golden wakers with a mustache so I have an excuse for different
and I don't want to stand in line I want to wait in line to get seated for a really long time they
do that at Danny Lenny Lenny America there's a new all you can eat grand slam breakfast menu at Lenny's
it's everything you already expect from Lenny's just a lot more of it at room temperature
hey that's the good news baby out there on West Broward out in the acres we got a Denny
and it's interesting because the Denny's is about like two we're like about a half a block away
from where Boston Market used to be and people used to say about Boston Market well you know it's
on the wrong side of the street it's you know Eastbound yeah it's on the wrong side of the street
that Denny's since the day they opened a few days ago you can drive by there because they're
open 24 hours a day anytime morning noon and night and that place is you think they were giving
food away you think that they were stuffing gold in every goddamn piece of my mother your mama's
pie whatever it is they served there is that what it is your mama's pie that they're famous for
well they do have good pies but I mean that place is just not maybe Boston Market's problem was
nobody could figure out what the hell it was you know it was Boston chicken it was Boston Market it
was chicken well you know whatever the hell it was now you want you want 10 sides with that you
want you know nobody you know what the hell was all about and they're not there anymore
here's a lady mobile in parkland hello yes ma'am I'm the Elmer yeah okay I heard you say that you
never get any women dollars because inside of the listing on one half and I would call it
your hand yeah that was very nice and reminding everybody that you're getting out your city
is a wonderful yes they are they're in a great gift for people you love and they make better gifts
for people you hate right oh yeah everyone in my life rest of the people I can't stand got your
viti got you right you didn't I'm glad to help settle one and I thought the guy who was
going in for George was wonderful and George did a great job he did a great job and I prefer
it when there are takes playing when you're not there because I miss a lot of your show that I don't
always get to listen to you yeah uh huh George is boring okay and George said thank you so much I
know and then the other thing that George does is when women colors call he makes sure that they
wait a lot longer than the male colors to get on no he does not that that's not true that people are
he everybody is here on order and there's any change in the order it's only because I see
something on there that might you know attract my eye like somebody for a van or something okay not
true all right so he never a great home he really was faster but not quite as bad as you think
and have a great holiday and thank you so much and George says okay we have an open line at
power 56705 60 well listen not everybody can like us both she likes me she hates you like poison okay
and she thinks that you're a sexist pig who doesn't like women except just to use them and abuse them
and I think you know she knows right huh here's the cape coral hello yes Neil yes sir thank you thank you
you know I want to welcome
