Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Show.
Talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for date and
brarrows.
Count 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily
reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the Beasley broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
The President's World Autor Receiver purchased my bunch of Mac's
thought over stress individuals who are so busy they have no idea which one really
don't care and the President that receives his actual ear size or in color you like
as a mistake or trying to say his have another egg night with his own white
Christmas one more time and then let your health get too high.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Free the sand, free the sand with free air.
Okay.
Free the sand, free the sand with free air.
All right.
This is the biggest one I've ever seen.
This is the little sand just when it comes to a bad speed.
What is the contrast of the speed that's just been said?
Free the sand, free the sand with free air.
Free the sand, free the sand with free air.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Okay.
They're right.
This is the Adolphin Tree Game Show us 1002 at 560 WQAM.
Adolphin's in the Abrakos tonight.
We got 200 hours of free game of four play.
Give me your breakdown.
Give me your analysis.
Give me your analization.
No, that guy slays me.
I'm going to call him about 5.
That guy really just rocks my boat.
I'll tell you right now.
Anyway, where the hell do we start today, man?
Do we have a lot of ground to recover today?
No.
Are sure we have a lot of territory to cover?
No.
Yes, sir.
They just don't get it.
They just don't get it.
This is the greatest moment in the history of our lives.
We're right on the verge of a major understanding
as the Christian coalition and all the right-wing fanatics
and the sexual McCarthyates, all these lunatics
are standing stark naked in front of the world.
And everybody is going, like that.
That's right.
Latest poll this morning, well, actually last night,
after the articles of speech meant we're drawn up on Saturday
in spite of the wishes of the American public,
in spite of anybody with a brain who isn't all that concerned
about a come job on a blue dress.
But that's what this is all about.
A come stain on a blue dress,
and we're impeaching the God, they're president,
and the public is saying, no.
That's right.
73% a record high popularity rating,
even higher than Ronald Reagan,
who forgets what his numbers were, but they were pretty high.
73% for Bubba.
Job popularity approval.
And in spite of all this talk about, wow,
you know, after Bob Livingston resigned,
it's going to send a message and they're going to start beating
the drum for resignation.
Well, guess what?
Did you see the poll on that, the CDS poll last night?
31% said they want Bubba to resign.
66% said, no.
How do you like that?
You think there's a message in there somewhere?
I don't think there might just be a little bit of a message
in there somewhere that we think it's a bunch of bullcraft
that it's a partisan, and it's interesting to me
and some of those speeches that I am managed to endure on Saturday.
That many of the Democrats are kind of foaming at the mouth
we're using some of the same terms, like lynching.
It was a lynch mob.
And a coup de ta.
Many of the things that I've said right here, nice going.
Damn, come on.
Yes, sir, I'm right on top of the baby.
I can sniff it out for a million miles away.
And a lynch mob, too.
And now all of a sudden they're saying all these senators
are including or in snatch.
He's saying, wow, you know, we better start counting the heads.
Isn't that what this is all about?
What was head?
That's what it was all about to begin with.
Better start counting heads.
And if there's not enough votes that we're not up to bat,
why waste the time?
And we'll like, you know, we'll get together.
We'll start the trial on January 6th.
And we'll adjourn and then we'll come up with some other cockamaby.
We'll censure, we'll slap him on the wrist.
You'll say you're a bad guy.
And watch where you're squirting in the future.
And that's it and go on with life.
You know, as dumb as the American publicism,
believe me, there's a lot of dumb people out there.
Just when you're out there in a highway, just look around you
and you'll agree with me.
You'll say, uh-huh.
Absolutely.
A lot of real stupid people out there.
But nevertheless, they're not that dumb.
That's the one thing we can thank for this holiday time of the year.
Is that the American public isn't this stupid
that they're going to have this pulled over their eyes
or what any other body parts?
Just absolutely astonishing.
The listen, just one after another,
after another, hockin' the same crap.
And is anybody buying it?
Oh, no.
In fact, you know, it's really interesting.
When somebody was elected,
we'd like, what, 50, the last election, 53%,
whatever he had he got.
In fact, the first time he was elected in the 92
because Ross P. Rowgott, whatever he got in there,
it was like a less than a,
it was not even a majority of the votes.
He got a plurality, but not a majority.
But in spite of that, millions of people
who never voted for him either time are saying,
cut the crap already, okay?
That's what you hear.
You open up your window and you hear, cut the crap.
That's right, all over America, they're saying, cut the crap.
Now, and let's get on with important things, okay?
Like ball games in the stock market and stuff like that.
Which by the way, the Dow is up 85 points
and the NASDAQ is up 37 points.
How come we never have anybody call us in with some good stocks
that we can make millions of dollars from, you know?
I'll let it inside our trade. No, it's not.
In fact, let me ask you this.
If you're going to invest in a stock,
wouldn't you like to put the word out so that everybody else buys the inner,
you create this, uh-huh?
So that because it's not like it's a track where you knock the odds down
where the stock market's just the opposite.
When everybody starts a buying frenzy,
it skyrockets the price way up there.
What's wrong with that?
What are you laughing about?
I think that's what we ought to start doing.
That's my New Year's resolution for 99.
Like I think you heard that Boston market's making a real big comeback.
Yeah.
It might actually go up to one one of these days.
I doubt it, but it actually might make a comeback.
And what's wrong with that?
By the way, it had some real interesting people came by at the hockey game on Saturday night
and speaking of the hockey game,
I don't want to spend a lot of time on hockey when we got articles of impeachment
and we've been bombing the crap out of Iraq.
Nice call, by the way, guys. Nice call.
Pick up my Sun Sentinel Sports section this morning.
And here's the big headline by Michael Russo,
that fat putt whacker with the Sun Sentinel really knows his crap.
Oh my God.
You people in the media and oh,
you know, we got Michael Meos right in the stuff that I said on the year last week.
And even that stupid,
Dan LaBashtud is right in baseball ready to shoot itself in the,
and all the sports there.
Yeah, isn't that what I've been saying?
Isn't that exactly almost word for word for bait him what I've been telling you
with these ridiculous salaries and how the fans are like on the out.
See, one great thing.
I want to, you know, it's taken me a while,
taking me a couple of months to figure this out.
Let's see, September, October, about three, four months to figure this out.
There's nothing wrong.
I mean, we're showing up over 18,000 of the game there at the National Car Rectal Center
for the hockey games.
And okay, so nobody cares about the fact that you can't see the red light
when the goal is scored if they shoot twice in,
unless you're sitting in like one particular spot, like maybe the gold judge.
And now I understand.
I'm watching the behavior of the people that I noticed that went up on the scoreboard
every time there's a pause in the play,
and the people are up there duke it and jive it and dance and then strip it.
They're stripping, baby.
Oh, yeah.
Well, that one young baby,
she was up there practically stark naked at one point,
and everybody's going to,
because 75% of the people in the crowd are all guys,
and about half of them are straight,
and they're all going, oh, yeah.
That's what it's a party, baby.
We don't care about the game.
I mean, if we should get lucky and play a couple of good games in a row,
and win two in a row, which we did, thank God.
Nice going, Ray Whitney, by the way.
For the holidays, I want to see Ray Whitney naked,
but nevertheless, you know,
that's nice.
That's like a bonus.
But in the meantime, the people there don't care.
They're socializing and having a good time.
They're watching themselves on the big screen up there.
They're shaking it.
They're squeezing it, whatever.
It's a party, baby.
That's what it is.
Oh, by the way, do we have that?
God.
That's something that we don't have anymore doing.
It's a party out there.
Damn it.
What's all ever happened to that?
See?
There you go.
That was one of theirs, too.
That was one of the Rick and Suds.
Oh, by the way, Rick and Suds start new years, I guess, January 2.
I don't think they're working new years day.
January, what?
Poor thing.
Doing mornings on.
You know, it's interesting to me, too, by the way.
I got all kinds of random thoughts.
We'll get back to Chris Wells, if I could, by the way.
Oh, yeah, there's my headline.
Wells can be expected.
And I'm going, yeah.
And the injured Panther is still two or three weeks away,
but remember, he hasn't played since March.
And that's a great night.
Go on, Michael LaRousseau, you jackass.
You know nothing, you idiot.
But at any rate, so I was thinking, I guess, when I was sitting there,
I'm a thrown this morning.
Doing a real good one.
And I was thinking to myself, you know something, when you come right down to it,
there are no other AM stations in town.
Because there's WI-D, which is dead as a door nailed,
the D in that stands for dead.
We know that.
We know when it died, too.
And then there's no speaking English.
There's a whole bunch of those.
There's your Haitian station and your Julio station.
And then there's the FDL, of course, is disappeared.
The life belt, even the old people can't find that anymore.
And then there's INZ, which is now, they don't even use the collar.
They're stupid talk.
So as far as speaking English, QYM is it.
We got a goddamn monopoly, baby.
All right.
One kid's pretty hard to understand how you don't have like the other 97% of the audience
when you're the only AM station on the job, but nevertheless, we're doing it.
Oh!
Ten minutes after 10 at 5.60, happy holidays from all your friends here at WQAM.
And even those who might not be.
Hey, you want to put a great cigar on your push?
As a matter of fact, John Penis, congratulations on your new baby, John.
John's wife.
A baby boy.
What was it on Friday, which we didn't find out about two or two late?
But nevertheless, John is down there to get in fact.
He owes us.
He should bring us, why don't you, when you have a kid bring a celebratory cigar?
He's going to bring us a bunch of good stuff from Nixon.
Maybe some cigars, too.
New York.
What's a 90's kid's life, too?
Say it with the president.
Now it's a 90's kid's life, too.
Say it with the president.
Squirt, Squirt.
It's the side of pen and a visit dress that old can't lock.
It's a human bit.
What's a 90's?
It's a 90's.
Oh!
Say it with the president.
Now it's a 90's kid's life, too.
Hold it in between, don't it?
What's a 90's kid's life, too?
Oh!
And the time between his lips.
You're not riding up your heels down a shot.
A huge offense is going down a million dollars.
What's a 90's kid's life, too?
Say it with the president.
Oh, yeah!
Now you can make a $10, thanks to Bill's bad day.
The movie says books will be the frosting on your face.
What's a 90's kid's life, too?
Say it with the president.
What's a 90's?
Say it with the president.
What's a 90's kid's life, too?
Oh!
Say it with the president.
You better split.
That's 16 and 560 WQM.
If there was one, there must have been 6000 people
came up to me at the hockey game on Saturday night.
Walked up to me and said...
It puts the lotion in the basket.
And I said, all right.
Oh, seriously, you didn't notice the impact
at our appearance at Plantation Borders,
which was our last of the year.
And by the way, we are doing...
And you are doing it.
An anonymous number.
And we thank you profusely.
We had our record-breaking appearance on Saturday for this year.
4,300 bucks we raised for everyone.
And a massive crowd.
Didn't I tell you that was the location there?
And other people were trying to send us to places
that we didn't want to go.
I don't want to mention the sales manager.
I don't want to start putting a negative tone on this
because everybody's in a great mood for the holidays, aren't we?
Oh, sure are.
4,300, big ones.
So some guy brings by a little low-wicker basket.
Minoture basket with a big container of Jurgen's lotion in there.
Which we sent right over to the sports bar, by the way,
because they can use it over there, huh?
That a little bit on your back dome.
Yeah, a little bit will do you.
That's what he used to say.
But at any rate, so the guy brings that bind.
Everybody's looking at it and going.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Oh!
Yeah.
Everybody in town is saying that even the ones that don't understand it.
I had people at the game the other night who saw the movie asking...
Still they don't get it.
How is that possible?
How is it possible that you're...
They're going to be a run on that.
Silence at lambs.
They're going to be going out and renting it and buying it and stealing it.
And watching again, just for that scene when Buffalo Bill says...
It puts the lotion in the basket.
And that bulldog Jody is trying desperately to get out of the pit, but at any rate.
I mean, what... how could anybody not get it?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
So anyway, we got our total as of the moment, which is probably...
I'm sure this doesn't even include the other border some last week.
Can you imagine what we might have by now as anybody out there?
No.
For sure we have.
In other words, this is all...
And by the way, 280 bucks is a game on Saturday.
People probably buy cash and checks.
Thank you very much.
And I didn't even take it to the track.
107,095 bucks.
Wow.
And they said that we couldn't do it, man.
They said he wasn't going to do it.
We didn't have no fill Henry stuff.
We didn't have Rick and Sud stuff.
We didn't have...
We didn't have any of the...
In fact, she wasn't there long enough to put out her own stuff to babbling.
I was up to the 80s.
Did he start sitting at home?
He sat in the noon or what day?
Lanyana.
Oh, tomorrow, Lanyana in the PM.
Take a BM in the PM with a baddling brook, okay?
Two to six.
And then Rick and Sud's entertaining with fourth and be doing mornings on the stupid talk network.
A station that doesn't even have any colliders.
50,000 watts right in the middle of the dial.
And they still have...
And by the way, so that means definitely, absolutely.
John Ford is going off.
And the morning's...
Oh, boy.
How long was he on?
About five minutes.
Nice going, Eric John.
And everybody in that building hates you like poison, by the way.
You want to see all the faxes, these surreptitious faxes,
that we get from over there?
Man, oh man, did they hate him like poison?
If I can borrow that expression from one of our listeners on Friday.
They hate you like poison, John.
And by the way, your show sucks.
And nice going with that zero point, whatever they had there in the morning.
They thought that nobody in the world could outdo Mr. Ego's
putrid embarrassing performance in the morning.
Guess what?
John Ford done it.
That's right.
A zero point, that whatever.
I think it was in a minus column.
Thanks to our close personal friend,
Sal Falcone, by the way, from Sal and the Henry Lou company.
What kind of a name is that?
Henry Lou, it sounds like a chink name to me.
Oh, and by the way, speaking, I was Sal brought by our sole water
and some grape, Olioliva.
Wow.
Now, what did you get?
What did he bring you in that thing?
Is that Oliver?
Oh, it's booze.
Oh, look at that.
What is it?
It's vodka.
Oh, by Smurnoff.
He brought George by a big bottle of Smurnoff
in a Christmasy kind of a...
In a goissia kind of a thing.
He brought me by a big three-liter...
I have my own big can, but he brought me another can.
Importance from Italy, Verolio, extra quality unfiltered.
Not your ordinary filtered, but extra quality unfiltered,
extra virgin olive oil.
Olioliva.
And let's see, I'm looking on the back.
Where does it say that?
Oh, yeah, from Zona industrialibuccino.
Wherever the hell that is.
And it says, this extra virgin olive oil is pressed
and the olives harvested from the healthiest trees,
capable of surviving the harshwooders in the hills of the Italian
Appanini's montagna.
How do you like that?
The Appanini's.
Anybody out there got a small Appanini?
So there you go.
Thank you, Sal, you're a hell of a guy from Falcone and
Italian foods.
And they said, just stick your finger on your nose
and push it off to the side and you'll understand.
Thank you, Sal, you're a hell of a guy.
So we got some heavy duty stuff going on here.
Oh, I don't want to...
I don't want to pee on everybody's parade.
I know it's the holidays.
Everybody is in a sensational mood.
Even at the White House, they're laughing and caroling
and jingling.
They got that Bob Livingston blow up dollar.
He really thought that that was going to work.
That's...
You know, it was interesting because you probably won't...
Did you see that when it happened?
Live.
Yeah, I saw it live too.
But you'll recall when he was talking about cutting out a resign
before he dropped his bombshell and they were all booing
and they said, you resign, you resign.
He said, okay.
And he did.
Yeah, isn't that great?
And by the way, are you starting...
Has anybody out there besides me starting a piece together?
How come the newpmyster ran and...
Yeah.
Because you know something, he was going to be next.
If Linda had been Bob Livingston with all of his flandering,
it was going to be the newpmyster whose flandering is legendary.
I mean, he never saw a pair of lips that he didn't like.
No matter what they were attached to is what I hear.
So he went run and turn tail and ran for the hills
and now Bob Livingston runs for the hills.
Larry Flint for president, baby.
How many had won great president in the wheelchair?
Why not one more, huh?
And I was thinking about that this morning, you know?
Because FDR had that mistress.
And here's a guy that was in a wheelchair.
Now if she was a servicing him,
I don't want to get too graphic.
Here it is a family show all the kids are out of school.
But seriously, how do you service a guy in a wheelchair?
Take him out of the chair first.
You do?
Well, you don't have to.
What about Chris Reed?
Oh, I'm sorry, that was bad.
I'm not going to play that supermanteen.
That would be really bad.
Well, if you take Chris out of there, he might, you know,
he might have a little problem.
No, seriously, FDR had polio,
but he was certainly capable.
I mean, for crying out loud, they should reproduce him
in that bull-dike owner.
Man, they reproduce like rabbits.
Not as much as that woman who took the fertility drugs,
by the way, and had the eight babies that the media
is making a big gun.
Hey, let's have a big party.
They had eight kids who are all in critical condition.
And what kind of lunacy is this?
But hey, it's that wonderful.
It's always wonderful.
It's never like, oh my god,
if these kids should survive,
what kind of a life are they going to have?
You know, it's never like that.
And like I've told you before,
shleppers are overpopulating the world with more dumb shleppers.
That's the sad part.
Anyway, Chris Wells can be expected.
That's the good news for Michael Russo.
You know, something I'm so excited about this.
I say Stanley Cup.
I can smell that cup right now.
I think it's very Whitney's, but I can sniff it.
Wells can be expected.
The injured panther is still two or three weeks away,
but remember, he hasn't played since March.
And it goes on in the middle of the article,
in almost laughable faction to say,
Wells 23 scored five goals and had 15 points in 51 games last year,
and with the panther's most improved youngster.
Well, of course, it's all relative.
He was the most reliable center in the face-off circle
along with forward rad octopus rack,
probably among the team's best penalty killers.
Okay?
So all of a sudden, Michael Russo
adds the duly instructed,
I'm sure, by the organization,
is making a big case.
Chris Wells is coming back.
I-
Anybody excited about that?
No, of course not.
Now we got the fur flies over Furby.
Man held on trespassing charge.
Let me see.
This is on page 6B.
This should have been on the front page of the front section.
To show you that this country needs a lobotomy
and a gigantic rectal animal.
Isn't that redundant, by the way?
What other, is there any other kind of animal
besides the rectal animal in the window?
No.
Man held on trespassing charge,
desperation to buy the elusive Furby,
apparently got the better of some people waiting in line,
outside of Walgreens west of Boka on Sunday.
Tensions led to perhaps the first case
of Furby-related violence in South Florida,
leaving a deputy with a broken finger
and a man under a wreath.
Ow!
Deputies were called to Walgreens in 1958.
51 glades rode about 530 in the morning yesterday
to try to bring order to a lion.
530 in the frickin' morning?
To try to bring order to a lion
that had been forming since 3 in the frickin' morning,
it says.
Right here in the paper, this frickin'
workers at the store reportedly called police
because some in line had blocked the entrance to the store.
They started forming a lion at 3 o'clock in the morning
because they had Furby's in there.
Oh, my...
Damn God!
Walgreens had advertised the availability
of the hard-to-find Furby's,
although the drugstore chain also ran flyers
on the Sunday paper,
apologizing for its limited supplies.
Deputies asked three people in the line
to leave warning two that they could face the rest
for trespassing if they failed a heed to request.
One man, Thomas R. Lewis,
41 refused Sheriff's Office spokesman Paul Miller said,
the man then got into a fight with his companion
about whether he should leave,
and deputies went to arrest him.
Deputies scuffled with the man,
who was subdued with a type of pepper spray.
In Florida, we call it clod pepper spray.
They moved in because he had already been warned
and wouldn't leave Miller said.
He resisted, put up a struggle with our deputies.
Deputies, John Killingsworth suffered a broken ring finger
in the struggle with Lewis Miller said,
Lewis was arrested on charges of resisting arrest
with violence and trespass after a warning.
He was being held on $3,000 bail
at the Palm Beach County Jail.
He'd be held on bail in the old Palm Beach County Jail.
Managers of the store would only say
the Furbies went on sale at 8 a.m.
and were gone in about 45 minutes.
I want you to stop and think about this, boys
and girls ladies and gentlemen.
Stop and think about this.
They went on sale eight o'clock in the morning.
They were lined up at three o'clock in the morning,
yesterday, for Furbies.
That's like a Cuban red line.
Oi!
You ought to know.
People have been desperate to buy one of the season's
most sought toys rarely on store shelves
being hooked in newspaper classified ads
and on the internet for more than $100,
far beyond its $30 list price.
Police separated combat and struggling over Furbies
and News Morne Beach to were injured in Ophalen, Illinois
and a Furbie inspired Stampede at Walmart in the...
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
A Furbie inspired Stampede!
Oh!
What did I tell you?
I put those damn cabbage next to the house
in the back in the hopper again.
Back in the rear of our attention
because now it's the Furbie,
which is another ugly little aggro-test thing
that your kid...
If your kid don't have a Furbie,
your kid ain't crap.
That's right.
How do you like that?
Three o'clock in the morning,
they lined up for stuff that was coming out five hours later
so they could get a Furbie for their pin and the asshole kids.
I guess nobody ever told him what that micro-
or all the good uses for their microwave.
26th after 10th at 560 WQM.
Hi, this is Iron Lord Cross for you.
WQM official information ten if a hurricane's run.
Don't panic, get in the water.
And run! Run!
We're gonna die!
Run!
And now, here's your Christmas worry for today
with Art.
Don't worry, War.
I worry about your current.
This job is way too tight.
I worry that this is why you're on that strike.
Don't get frostbite as if those will fall off.
And then when he drops down something chimney,
somebody's gonna see it without his nose.
To take him from a monster and drive him
what it's fake through is hard.
And what a fat son doesn't do this job, huh?
It's in against us and yanks out that fake
and sent to case anybody around the house.
And as he's running through all his frosts and parts fall off.
Until he's like this awful skeleton and a red suit.
Station people with a bloody wooden stake.
He's alive!
He's alive!
Ha ha ha!
If you would like a transcript of today's show,
take a deep breath and go sit on Santa's lap.
I thought he was gonna go sit on Santa's face.
1032 at 560 WQM.
Remember what Renfield said in Dracula.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
So anyway, so many things I'm forgetting about.
I'm getting sidetracked.
So I had my first Palestinian listers
that I met the hockey game Saturday.
Nice gentleman and his teenage son came by,
shaking my hand profusely.
And said, oh, by the way, we're Palestinian.
I went, oh!
Very nice people. Thank you.
And God bless you.
And thank God for us.
I forgot on Friday to talk about this.
And I started 20 minutes ago to get into this.
But I got so much crap in my brain today.
I gotta squeeze it out.
Thursday night.
There comes a gathering of people on my lawn.
Coming up.
I just never started thinking like it.
I'm a little security screen there,
which is right next to my TV.
And we're kind of like axing, who the hell are these people?
It's the carolers.
It's not bad enough that a Halloween now,
the new deal is that it goes on for hours and hours and hours.
And parents bring all their pain in the ass little kids
and continue ringing the bell and knocking on the door.
Because they know that you're in there with the sound down on the TV.
Even if you don't answer.
And the only reason that's not that I'm a cheapskate,
like some people I know,
I don't want to mention no names, rumor.
It's not that I'm a cheapskate, but the fact is
that I don't want to have like five pounds of candy sitting around
waiting for the Halloween kids showing up.
Because I need half of it at least.
But this is a first.
I mean, am I living like in a sheltered world or something?
I have never seen this before in my life.
There must have been 40 of them.
Parents with little kids mostly.
Not even up north. You never got hit?
No.
That's where I thought it'd go.
I never heard of it.
Because guess what? Even out in the acres,
we have a couple of Jews, a couple of atheists,
a couple of abudists, a couple of whatever the hell we are.
We're not interested in no Christmas carols, okay?
So I need to say the mute button goes on the TV.
What?
Got enough churches out there.
We got a synagogue, we got a church, we got the morons, we got a church,
the baptists, everywhere.
Every sect.
On my street there on whatever the hell that church you've seen it.
The assembly of God.
Oh, I wonder why they were whistling the parking lot.
Snake handling.
Yeah, I saw some young guy out there on Sunday.
Like listening to this snake in a parking lot.
In fact, some lady was out there resting with this snake in the parking lot.
He said, if it's good enough for Bubba, I said, don't feed me those Bubba mice. He's okay, please.
So if somebody faxes me, so please, no more caroling, okay?
No more knocking on the door.
Go sing your Christmas carols out of.
I thought they did that like in malls and places where a lot of people come and read.
And you can either listen to or ignore it. I thought that's what that was all about.
Not knocking on your door and vading your privacy.
How can a china with all these silly Christmas carols?
You don't knock on the doors. You just stand up there and sing and they come out if they want.
No, they didn't do that. They did not do that. They rang the bell. They knocked on the door.
And then when they realized there was nobody, I guess they didn't want to be singing to an empty house.
Although my dogs would have liked it.
Huh?
That's the house where lots of, you know, lots of that.
Which my little dog, by the way, left me a U-log this morning.
Yeah, hey, hey, nice going, tiny.
I left me a little U-log.
There's nothing worse. It's like a quarter to seven in the morning and you hear the sound of feet scratching on the floor.
Because that's an instant message that somebody has left you a U-log.
Somebody faxes me and thank you profusely, by the way, because I did miss this yesterday in the middle of my 7000 pages of advertising in both papers.
Ask the editor by Earl Malker. Is that his name? Mumsir? Earl Mumsir. The editor of the scum sentinel.
Stories tell what is, but editorial say what board thinks it says.
And this is right on target. Must be one of our listeners, Jim Roth in North Miami Beach.
It says, question. If it is the opinion of your editorial board that legalized casino gambling, faxes, all of the bad things described in the editorial,
then don't you feel that is a height of hypocrisy to include the spread for every sport imaginable in the sport section of your newspaper?
Ask Jim? Answer from Earl Mumsir, the editor of this newspaper.
The question is a good one because it points out that we've not done an adequate job of educating our readers about the differences between our editorial pages and our news coverage.
In our editorials, we support or criticize issues of public interest, but those opinions do not affect how we cover news stories.
Anybody believe in that? Right. We're not going to tell reporters to back off writing news stories just because the editorial board feels a certain public policy, such as gambling is not good for the community.
The members of our editorial board, which consists of me, Mr. Mumsir, are published here, the seven editors and writers and cartoons come to our positions separately from the day to day newsroom operations.
The board of, in fact, if they they could use an operation over their newsroom, a lobotomy would be good, a group one.
The board observes, researches talks to policy and opinion leaders and offers opinions on a variety of subject of public interest.
Newsroom editors and reporters are not involved in those decisions and editorial writers do not write stories for our news pages.
For years, we editorialize against the Florida Lottery, but we include the winning numbers daily in our news pages.
The fact that we are against legalized gambling did not prevent us from sending a columnist to the Bahamas last weekend to cover the grand opening of a new hotel expanded casino on Paradise Island.
Or taking the ads, by the way.
On our editorial pages, we've said consistently that we feel legalized gambling is wrong for South Florida because the state doesn't need it to create more problems than it's worth.
Yeah, we've not curtailed coverage of the Seminole Indian Gaming, entertainment coverage and travel stories and festival locations is Las Vegas and European and South American gambling resource and stories of similar interest.
And all the ads that they take for it, which you don't mention here, by the way.
Now here is, this is every time you think you've read the most incredible crap in the history of your life, you come to something new and amazing.
This is so amazing that it puts the notion in the basket.
Listen to this.
We believe that non gamblers are interested in point spread as much as those who make bets.
I'll just ask George, he don't even like sports, he looks at those point spreads every day of his life, don't you?
Let me say it again, this is this is a man with a straight face.
This is the editor of the goddamn Sun Sentinel, okay?
We believe that non gamblers are interested in point spreads as much as those who make bets.
Sports fans want to know who the professional odds makers are favoring.
Even our own sports staffers predict who win key matchups every weekend.
We know that some of our readers use the information for placing bets.
By the way, that's illegal bets, Mr. Amamser.
But for many others, part of the fun of watching a football game or other competitive sport is to see if the predictions of the odds makers and sports writers are right.
Oh my god, listen, I'm gonna tell you something.
I thought this should be, now wonder the cartoonist is on this.
This is unbelievable.
This is called the Spray Mistake.
And today, writing this with a straight foot.
That's frickin' so fast, baby.
Check it.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Right.
Oh, I'm sure I'm gonna frame this.
I'm gonna save this as long as I live.
Because I know that being the big sports fan that I am, at least a hockey fan, every day before the I like tonight, we got to least, by the way, nice game there.
I made police seven, my rangers, which was really seven or one time.
I'm gonna make a three-meaning list of greasy goals late in the game.
Nice goal, goal-leaf score, baby.
I can call that cup in Toronto, eh?
But I'm gonna look right in there.
I forgot to check out who they're picking in at Toronto Pittsburgh Game Tonight.
I may believe Gardens, huh?
Because being a sport, I forgot to look in there to see who they're picking in the Dolphin Broncos Game Tonight.
Because I'm not gonna be betting on it.
But still as a sports fan, as somebody who has a more than a passing interest in that game, we believe that non gamblers are interested in points breads as much as those who make bets.
Says Earl Mumsoo, the editor of one of your major newspapers in this town.
I am gonna tell you boys and girls right there at Christmas time, if you want a gift for the new year, you should beg for a real newspaper in this town.
That's what we need more than anything else in this area, a real newspaper, which do we have one now?
Oh, not even close.
Oh, that is hysterical.
That would be like saying that people don't gamble, listen to the Ed Kampland show.
20 before 11 at 560 WQM.
Idiot is sick and he's got bad legs.
Stop bombing back dead.
All right.
Who it every day?
I want to watch it on TV.
I rack, I rack.
We're not below.
It should take a day.
Let us just put an end to it.
Oh, I rack, I rack.
I want to wake up and see their cities don't exist.
Put them in an air and tell them that's not a machine.
We're really pissed you're under my skin.
That little piece of shit.
We get away.
I'll get them up and make a hit from all of you.
The bomb has got to go off at now.
We all know it's hard to bomb.
I rack, I rack.
I rack, I rack.
I want to wake up and see their cities don't want to fit up low to the end.
And say that win number one.
Up for the heat.
He beat again we have one.
Start bombing I rack.
Why not that today?
Let's make a parking lot of this.
I rack.
When all the boys are there, I'll do a show.
With that kick share and say goodbye.
I rack, I rack.
I rack.
Tootle certain head bang bang you dead.
Ouch.
1048 to 560 WQM.
By the way one great gift we all got for the holidays.
Joe, you're still alive.
We're not here no more words about Joe.
We still have our connection to America's youth.
As long as Joe is still gasping for oxygen, we still have that link.
We will have lots of football games on Christmas day and New Year's day.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
We will have a lot of fun.
And I'll take my pen and stick it inside
If my time comes from a grip and something I can hide
I can hide, I can hide
Don't play, vote for me
I'm cranky bitter old man
And if you still make one of me
I'll slap you like a man
But only with my good hands
I only have one hand
Oh, I only have one hand
Coming soon to a theater near you
Your super-reve is Superman
Superman 5
Hell, hell, Superman, Superman quick
Jimmy Olsen is drowning
Here comes Superman, here he comes
He's in a wheelchair
Superman
Okay, well, Jeremy
Too late
Yeah, that'll call you Super Gimp
Get out of here, you freak
Oh, oh, Clark
There's nothing happening, get on top of me
Archer
Ow
On the evil side
I'm only thinking out of waiting to defeat Superman
We're, we're scripting tonight
No, steps
Superman 5, the search for a bigger doorway
Rolling into a theater near you
Step back to an ocean in the bar I swear
Okay, 1202 at 560 W2M
560, 705, 60, 05, 60, 05, 60, 05, 60, 05, 80, 80, 80,
While it's fine, Hank will be on for an abbreviated show today
From 2 to 4, from the show list day 2
Because at 4, we got 6,000 hours of pre-game festivities
And we're gonna get a lot of spots in there, baby
Right, we're gonna rake in the dough
To get some of Wayne's money back
And then at 8 o'clock tonight, of course, it's the offence of the Broncos
Any interest? No
Of course, I know that even those of us who don't care all that much about it
Are gonna be checking out the Sunset and the Sports pages
To check out the Morning Line odds on that
Please, don't let me ever lose this
Let me tape it to my rectum
We believe that non-gammas are interested in point spread
As much as those who make bets
That's right, Earl Mumser, make no mistake about it
We're scouring, we're looking, we're, oh man
What can you say about Earl Mumser, the editor of the Sunset?
He's an asshole, here's a Miami, hello
Neil, yes sir
Hey, how you doing?
Great, listen, there's one thing I want to touch on
I haven't heard you talk about
Touch away
What's up with these people that take all these fertility drugs
And end up popping out eight puppies at a time
8, 10, 15, right?
You know, that's kind of just, it's like, they don't even need a decency to score them out one at a time
Right
Isn't that a little selfie?
Well, she scored it out one first, I think
Wasn't that a few days ago?
She scored it out one then all of a sudden seven more?
Yeah
But isn't that, it's like having puppies, you know
You're not discussing, that's like a litter of kids
Right, and you're only drugs
That's right
And they're like with so much war and disease
And so much shortage of everything
I think I'm gonna have all eight of my kids now
Just because some of them have an eye where they're asked is supposed to be
I mean, what are we getting picky about?
One is a medical
I think anyone who takes a bunch of drugs
So like, have, you know, because you always hear about them, you know, said
He were between four
I say, let's have a fertility drug police
That's what we're gonna have
That's nasty, that's it
Let's forget about the marriage of weenie police and start with the fertility drug police
Anyway, I think that's pretty, you know, anyway
So, you just thought I'd tell you about it
Okay, thanks for the good news, you know why they do that, don't you?
It works the lotion in the basket
Here's a mobile in bouquet, hello
Hey Neil, yes sir
Sunday morning, looking at what is it, Dr. Schuhler
Oh, Dr. Schuhler, I saw Larry King was on there with my channel surfing
And I saw Larry King was on there, can you believe this?
Larry Ziggler, this little Jewish boy from the Bronx, he's on there telling the Robert Schuhler
Don't be crispy, though
Yeah, how do you like that?
I wanna make sure you saw that
What a phony piece of crap he is
How can you believe that?
I was laughing and thinking of you the whole time I thought
Here's a little Jew boy standing there, you know, doing a prayer in a, some great-assured church
And the crystal cathedral out there
You said I have no religion but I'm Jewish
As they continue looking at each other's behind
All right, Neil, Merry Christmas
And back to you, happy to introduce myself
I'm gonna do it that
Okay, open line in, date 14 and Broward, 5, 6, 7, well let's you know what the gang is gonna be in focus by the way
With our best stuff stuff
But starting today, right through the end of the year, I think we really ought to take off these attendees
As soon as I get my check
Take off these last 10 days of the year and let these people have a good time
Well, let the whole gang come in here, we'll let the Sam and the Chris and Joe Castella
We'll let them all come in and tell like QAM stories during the holidays will be good
And they got a lot of good material
Here's a mobile in Cooper City, hello
Neil, yes sir
Just got back from Las Vegas, I was there for a week
Yeah
Didn't check out the points for it once while I was there
How about that?
Now that I'm back down
Now that I mentioned it, I was there a few weeks ago and didn't check out the points for it either
Absolutely not, why check them out?
It's better to check them out when you get back to Miami
Yeah, that's about one of the very few things you can do back here
It's open up your newspaper, check the spreads
You got that right
Well, I got a new name for that religious holiday out there
In Iraq, which renamed that bombadon
We can just go out there and blow them up
Not bad
Mark your downpile
Okay
And have a great one
Okay, we have an open line of day two of prior people are really worked up and fired up about those impeachment, aren't they?
Uh huh
Yeah, yeah
There's two articles of speechment
And the reason they're not worked up and pissed off is because they know that it was just a gigantic waste of time
And there was totally partisan and another, you know, like they said
Another blubblest coup
Attempt anyway
A lynching attempt
And the Senate is going to dispense of this very, very soon into the new year
You mark my words right now, remark it down
They will dispense it, they'll get rid of it, they'll run away like it's got the bubonic plague
Especially now with that 73% approval rating that came out this morning and 72% NBC lies down
73%
And they're saying cut the crap is what they're saying
Here's a lady in Key Largo, hello
Hello
Yes, ma'am
Good morning, Neil
When is this?
I haven't tried very hard to reach your website for the last week
Well, you're going to the wrong one because you're going to NeilGod.com that doesn't exist anymore
But if you went to NeilRogers.com, you'd be amazed that it's there
Thank you so much
And the reason I was trying to do that is I wanted to get information about how to make a contribution to this charity
Right, it'll be right there on NeilRogers.com
Okay, and tell me one other thing
Uh-huh
Even though I'm not looking for a freebie, are you giving CDs or the best dose with donations
Or no because I'll be happy to pay for it, don't I'm not a GP
Sure we are, that's what it's that's how we raise the money
You don't think that these people are all just giving money for nothing to you?
Yes, I do
Well, my name is Rescue, God's Sums, Salvation Army, God's Sums, I want yours to ask some
This is Christmas, time for deductions
Right
Goodwill
Okay, so NeilRogers, pardon
Any way you like, if you want CDs, we've got them there on the website and if not, they'll take your money too
Well, how do I send them money? I just write a check, but we'll give them your address, the whole work
Right, it'll be all right on there, it's real simple
I thank you, and I love you
And thank you, and have a good one
It's real simple, we'll take all the money you've got
Okay, let's see, what I don't want to get behind on these because we're getting a tour rent
Are we getting a tour rent to, oh we're not?
5670560, Pont 560 on the AT&T wireless line, here's a lady in South Miami, hello
Hi, yes ma'am
I'm in Santa, and it's a very odd story, but I lost my house where I lived for 32 years
Because of criminal mischief
I was forced to go out in 1995, and there were a number of break-ins
And, apparently, even NeilRogers, there seemed to be some kind of misunderstanding
I believe from the security yard, I heard there was some kind of rumor that was spread, a number of people
About a settlement I got from the long-lake in this company
Man, what are you talking about? What in God's name are you talking about?
Quite a few people have told me to call the NeilRogers show
For what? Because there seems to be some kind of misunderstanding in the internet
What's that all about? About the May of all things
About you what?
I'm kind of a rumor or something like that
Okay, we'll check it out
Oh Jesus, Joseph and Saul, good, God Almighty
Can you believe that? Do we have any rumors about her?
Let's start some
We have an open line of day 2 of Broward, 5670560, Pont 560 on the AT&T wireless line, 1109 at QM
As we begin our 600 hours of coverage of the Dolphin pregame show
Oh God Neil
Squared, squared
Two-spaces, trade-all, mid-up picture of my bad and burning
On the third day of Hara Gah, my parents gave to me
Three-hobby shirts, two-spaces, trade-all, mid-up picture of my bad and hurting me
Oh what? Oh, you have to be a thing on a head
That's your fate on the fourth day of Hara Gah
That's cool, my parents gave to me
Well, these kosher-candy, three-hobby shirts, two-spaces, trade-all, mid-up picture of my bad and hurting me
I think the trade-all, no, trade-all, trade-all, trade-all, I made it out of play
And when the one is my thing, I feel the thing away
That's not the set-night fight me
I'm the fifth day of Hara Gah, my parents gave to me
Four-one-finger-tricks-one-tricks
Oh, what Jimmy's got one?
Maybe Jimmy's Catholic
And not watching candy
Not watching shirts
Or a picture of my bad and hurting me
Oh, what?
On the sixth day of Hara Gah
My parents made me sing
Everybody will arrange that for me
I've been on the song every year
In front of my family
Oh, what?
On the seventh day of Hara Gah
Not bad
My parents made me sing
Seven-threasey watches
Rooons, you're five-one-finger-tricks
I wanna drink the tree, I wanna drink the tree
Four-one-finger-tricks-one-tricks-one-tricks
Three-hobby shirts, three-hobby shirts
Hi, this is a cut
On the eighth day of Hara Gah
My parents gave to me
Nothing that I wanted, better, cheesy watches
Yes, I want a rich one
Where is my Christmas shoot?
Not because you're candy-free, yet we search two singing stables
And a picture of my bad and hurting me
Oh, what?
It puts the lotion in the basket
Wow, but it does. 11, 16, at 5, 60, W2QM on a really amazing Monday, December 21
We have 400 open lines in date, 6,000, and brown, 298,000, and Palm Beach
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
W2QM judges out taking a leak. Hello?
Hello, cross-prings. Yes, they're speaking.
Neil, what are they doing to our good old friends, Rick and Souts?
Meaning what? You know, they're putting them back on morning
What do you mean, do I know that? I'm the one that gave you that bulletin' several days ago. You heard it first here.
Everybody heard it first. I've always.
This clear channel, know what they're doing.
No, no, no. They're bringing back somebody they fired. I don't know. I hope these guys are going to be alright.
I love them. I'm loyal to them. I'm loyal to you.
Yeah. And I just hope that they find a place on the dial for them.
Yeah, what do you know about that? Well, I get worried about them. You know, I get worried that
I don't understand why they're going to be doing mornings
because I know they hated getting up in the morning. They hated doing the morning show.
It's just like a death wish. I have no idea.
But that's the people of your way. Like I told you a couple of weeks ago when this stuff first blew out
is that you know, he's just going to take in the same people,
shuffling them all around, moving them from one time slot to another. And that's his idea of programming.
It's like they're trying to promote your song. You know, clear channel. He has no clue.
Right. Okay, Neil, thanks.
And have a happy. And best of luck to Rick and Souts because believe me, they'll leave.
Okay, okay, look at that for a one-needed two here this week. I wonder what I tell you.
Not going to be any calls this week. We got an empty board there right now. Not here.
All we quest week. We'd had a great Saturday there. We're like a hundred and seven grand plus percent or one.
We're kicking some serious ass.
Oh, we got a president who is imitating the candidates and everybody likes it.
And his crowd is dead in the door. And I'm just playing the rack.
I'm not going to make a pretensive talk to people today. They don't want to talk to me. I won't talk to them.
It works out fine. You know, it's the ink and the ink. And like that crazy lady,
we had to call her a few minutes ago. There you go. That's what we get.
That's what you get through in a holiday because anybody with a brain,
anybody who's able to break out of their house, they're out. They're doing something.
Hopefully, a far away from here for their sake.
Is that like a real caller? Is that the make-believe?
Yes. Here's a four-letter deal. Hello.
Hi, Neil. Yes, sir.
Oh, yeah. I'm going to tell you yesterday.
Oh, yeah. Climbs should be thrown out and be beaten with black by black men.
What is this?
Climbs should be thrown out and...
Who?
Who?
Really? Really, Climbs.
Okay, thanks. Be beaten by a black man. Okay, there you go.
There's another good American for you. Another guy needs a serious lobotomy.
56670560.05060 on the AT&T wireless line.
Not just by any old man, but by a black man. How about two or three black men?
Okay. They've been. They've been. They've been Peter.
Didn't she hint too much or unsaturday?
No. No. No.
Not too much. Thank God. One or two queer shifts fall and down, getting knocked down.
And we can see him, no more.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Can we get a little tribute to Bill calls?
I'm a radio.
Now that card is the machine aided.
Don't do that to me, Neil.
It did. He just closes. He can't.
Okay. I'm as close as I'm getting to you. I'll say that. Here's Kendall. Hello.
Hey, how you doing? Is this Rob from Kendall?
Yeah, Rob. I was wondering why she's not on vacation so we're an Amsterdam right now.
I should be. I should be.
I should have taken these 10 days off, not the end of the year, because it's death penalty.
It's a hopeless stuff cause. What the hell am I doing here?
I'll tell you what I'm doing for Patey on Thursday.
I enjoy listening to George. He's pretty good.
He deserves a vacation.
Nothing with all the assholes you have to deal with.
So I can leave now. Is that it?
I could be packed in about a half an hour. Really? He's there.
A lot of experience.
After you play the unidentified asshole song.
Yeah. Have him put it on about 45 minutes after you leave.
And then listen to it on your way out.
Okay. But yeah, if you could play that for me.
I love that. I sure will.
Rob. Great. Yeah. Happy holiday.
And back to you. What's that under by the way?
What is it? I don't know. I'm just lost here.
All of this. Do I have any kind of asshole songs?
Yeah. Is that under eye?
I know. It's under.
I know. I know. I know.
How do you spell?
Is that like as in?
I'm a little bit of a different.
Well, you didn't play it there.
It's making a difference to me. Why? How do I need to afford it?
This room would get my crew.
You're going to throw it there.
If you don't have a few different things on your face, do that again.
You think this is not my problem.
Well, I was driving down 95 the other night.
Somebody nearly cut me right off the road.
I decided wasn't going to do any good to get mad.
I wrote a song about him instead.
It goes like this.
Where he's on an apple or did you work it in your whole life?
Yeah!
Either way it worked out fine.
Because you're an asshole tonight.
Yes, you're an A.
S, S, H, O, L, E.
And don't you try to blame it on me.
I need help.
You deserve all the credit.
You're an asshole tonight.
You're an asshole tonight.
You're an asshole tonight.
You're an asshole tonight.
I've got a feeling.
You'll be an asshole the rest of your life.
Oh, right.
Why makes us feel like?
Mm.
I was talking to your mother
just the other night
I told her I fought your
an apple she said yeah I think you're right
good
and all your friends are
apple because you know that your whole life
and nobody told me you've got an apple for a life
where you born an apple or did you work it your whole life
either way it worked out fine
I'm actually a lesbian
what a nice job
I'm a George Green little positive repression
1123 and 560 WQM they're wondering what does that mean?
well you're not familiar with our technical stuff
is that okay?
okay
open line of day two and brown
560 560 on the 18t wireless line
I wouldn't be too surprised if Christian the QM batter up there in Boka
any a few minutes now
they're on their way
they're on their way
they're going to take a lot more discs
they had a one
wait for Stan to get back from the growth from more discs
that's right we'll read from back from the grove
in other words we're picking stuff out of the grove
where they're not moving
what is that all about?
I'm not doing too well with the borders and cooking a grove
because basically what have you got in the grove?
a bunch of fags and spas in there?
is that what it's all about?
not doing too well on there?
they don't like it in the coconut grove
everywhere else where a gigantic hit works smash
even the Palestinians love this show
the Jews love it
the Palestinians
the Julio
but in coconut grove man
I guess they got their nose way up in each other's
breakfast
what it is
here's Boka
hello
yes sir
yes
I got a good introduction
I was about being in an ass hall
I guess I am one
I'm still holding with the impeachment
and I thought perhaps if you had a moment
I'd like to discuss with you
discuss what?
well for example now
if we examine some of the motives that these people have
and also we're dividing the plane writing in the Constitution
which talks about the Treasury and
and the Library
I don't talk about Purgery
it doesn't say Purgery
well Purgery
it's in Brewery and other high crimes in this community
it doesn't say Purgery
Purgery
it's said in the word Purgery so many times
that they planted in your brain and now you're saying it
like some kind of a minor bird
no Purgery
it's not in the past
I have to make a point
but you have to make a point correctly
it can't just
well I'm going to make it correctly
if you allow me to speak I'll tell you
no
okay we have an open line in the day one and
five six seven oh five six
I don't want to talk
it's the holidays baby
is there anybody audience wants to hear him
not going to try to
no
no way
let's take a vote
anybody want to hear him
no way
the Constitution talks about Purgery and my ass
God almighty man
I'd rather sit here and
like that
probably get a bigger audience too for four hours
listen to like that
and listen to guys like him
old cross-deafarts
go bother
go steal somebody's mail in your condo
okay pal
go bother somebody
and your condominium
get out of here
five six seven oh five
sixty pound five
sixty on the 18t wireless line
where the four-place show
Hank will have the immediate four-place show
well what's Hank going to do now that's the boy
starting tomorrow
well talk about
talk about stiff competition
they don't come any stiffer than her
just what everybody wants to hear
the afternoon is some real
jappy objectionable
a New Yorkie son and bitch
is that what we want to hear?
no
twenty six after eleven and five sixty
WQ it fails people are ice holes
brand off the brown nose reindeer
always wound up last day away
that's how he got up brown nose
following to close behind
all of the other reindeer
love to make him calm and sneeze
they always stop abruptly
and one of them would cut the cheese
one day Randolph got better
he said this just thinks
find yourself a new couple
he gave them all a Christmas
goons and all the reindeer
maybe got your shot and please
Randolph the brown nose reindeer
you should try poctology
oh well
yeah that guy was right at the
constitution says
poetry and fluffy blowjob thing
I'll back to him
oh
oh
it says he must hit the
mess off that evil blue bread
because he needs a devil
or the blue bread
what a top
I'm shocked myself
so anyway you know what they used to say
about that Mitch Ryder don't you?
okay we have an open line
and they do it all by the way
that reminds me another thing
I wanted to mention here today
I want to thank our great listener
they brought me the tape
even though it was a horrendous
and it's always good to have
another nice video tape
like to take the lead
a tape the lead's radius
game on Saturday
no you remember the guy
they brought me the tape
that ESPN thing about
the fags in sports
and basically it said
there's no fact in it
the NFL or the NHG
that's what it said
no I mean
who is the one guy
who's now retired that keeps saying
you know when somebody keeps saying
I'm not a fag I'm not a fag
and keeps saying it over and over again
like what's his name like
with a mustache
that's how I'm trying to
I mean forget Tom Selek
anybody named Tom
so you mean somebody
that's real much
who they call themselves
Tommy they don't call themselves
Tom right
isn't that the way it works?
oh yeah if you're real
butch you call yourself Tommy
you don't worry that something
might think that's kind of like a
you know
but if you're if it's a cover up
you say oh I'm Tom
you wouldn't call me Tommy
Selek would you?
no
but the people are always
spending all of their time
denying vehemently that they're
not fags generally it turns out
but anyway that piece
was the biggest white wash
in because all it said was
these little sacks
and sports
is what it said
and about the rumors about Steve
Young and uh...
and uh...
Troy Ackman and stuff like that
we know that those are just
rumors don't they?
no
and not only that but what difference does it make?
so come out come out wherever you are
okay stop at a bullcrap
and much to my amazement
reading that crappy book I was talking about
even Lily Tomlin she will not
she won't say the word
she will not say that she is a lesbian
even though everybody knows
that she is and even though she wouldn't
do not but she just won't
work right out and say I'm a dike
why not have a
why not come on TV at noon today
and say I'm a dike
and everybody go oh yeah
so what else is new?
it's like Ellen
the big song that they made about Ellen
like that was a bulletin?
Ellen to dica?
yeah
okay what else is new?
I mean Jesus maybe if you're blind
deaf and dumb you didn't know that
Ellen was a bulldike
we have an open line of day two
and abroward five so thanks
for the tape but no revelations
as usual because everybody is
cowering in their American
closets baby
they're cowering in there
even Bill cower is cowering
in his closet
here's a mobile in cross-spring
hello
cross-spring
what is it?
you got me?
I got you
okay let's talk about you
you're twin
right now we responded
that last collar
we're going
we're going
we're going
we're going
we're going
we're going
we're going
we're going
we're going
a big flying cock
yeah
yeah
okay
all right
what else
we got
right
De plus
let's
let's
I'm not sure if they hear it on Monday,
did they hear it?
They interested, absolutely not.
That's okay.
We'll just keep silent along.
New, obnoxious, foul, indistaceable.
The dolphins are cursing and man, it's distracible.
Cause Brian Cox and the rest of them must say,
They're my f*****, they're my f*****,
sh**, I knew mother f*****,
Words of love, they tossing, the microphone,
the dump button just can't seem to be left alone
and all of this is because they like saying,
Stop f*****, they're my f*****,
sh**, I knew mother f*****,
Oh, but they play football badly.
I'm so bad.
How did the patriots kick their ass?
Look for f*****.
Well, well, they make it to the Super Bowl.
But with an attitude as bad as theirs,
they're tossing our hopes down the stairs.
Oh, man, new, obnoxious, foul, indistaceable.
The dolphins are cursing and man, it's distracible.
Cause Brian Cox and the rest of them are singing.
Yes, they're saying,
Stop my f*****, sh**, I know they're saying,
Stop my f*****, sh**, I knew mother f*****,
sh**, I knew mother f*****,
24 till 9 at 560,
W.C.M. there's your happy holiday,
we wish from our good friend Brian Cox,
number 51 of the jets.
It was the first one, by the way,
to go over and throw his arms around Bill Parcell,
they're after the jets victory over Buffalo on the Saturday,
and I said to myself,
He's an asshole, just like he always was.
Two open lines, and day two, and Broward.
560560 and pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's 10 of times. Hello. Hey, how you doing?
Great. First off, I heard you had a good performance that boards there. It wasn't good. It was sensational.
Man, we had to turn off the when I got their 10-inch balloon. They were already lined up and
it never stopped for two hours. 4,300 bucks. Well, you know, how was the, I didn't hear anything about
how did the scoreboard operate Saturday night? Was it any problems or no? A scoreboard operated okay.
We still couldn't see the red light. Come on. I want to go with score from our sit and then we had like one
two to the horn in the third period briefly, but the play kept going on. And the escalator worked.
How are the escalators? They finally got fixed. Nice going there, guys. We know what during the game,
soccer game last night, three times in the first half, the horn just inadvertently went off.
Right. And then they couldn't get the penalty up or anything like that. They had a horn problem over there.
They had to somebody ought to work on their horn. They got a horn problem at the Macarena.
Well, then they sent some guy down to the scores box and he's writing a novel down there. Two page
report. You're like, what's that going to do? It's like, oh, I gave this to someone. I mean, I hate to
break the news to them. It's the first day of winter and you know, they've been open for four,
four months, five months, whatever it's been now. And you think that they ain't have their problem
straightened out? And they're like, they're horn straightened out? Well, the building only cost what?
$186 million? Right. I think that's a good buy. Yeah. Just like, Republic stuff. Right. But okay,
can I get a, uh, are you the knee? Yeah. Can I get a request? Sure. Cause you're the only
call around the board, whatever you want. If you want like, 20 or 30, you can go ahead. Can I keep talking for a
one? Can you one? Can you talk in there? Yeah, go ahead. Okay. Well, uh, so we're going to
hand is going to stay. Okay. See ya. Okay. 22 till now. Listen, I mean, if he was the only call on
there and plus he missed his request, he blew the opportunity. Just like Monica, he blew it. 22 till 12
at 560 WQM are a number in case there's anybody alive out there that wants to hear something today.
And if not, I got plenty of stuff I want to hear, which usually is a lot better than the same old
paired stuff that our callers want to hear. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and Tom 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
They're smoking it out in the Everglades.
You're strutting casually down the street when a man comes up to you looking neat.
Wouldn't hell-tale trace him a hippie on his chin. You say how do you, and he says,
hi, I got anything that'll make me fly. And if you do, I surely wish you'd let me hand on what
you're dealing brother. In your mind, you start to ponder. What the turn is still on to, man,
and you get a look into his eyes. You find his beard is only makeup and his line is purely fake
up. And an only thing you realize that he is your friend, the neighborhood, not going to
spend the neighborhood, not going to see all of your local FBI. Oh, your friend, the neighborhood,
would not go daddy, all Americans thinking, said he's there to trip you off while you are high.
You're sitting here in the coffee house, boom, when the waiter comes up to you with a broom,
and he asks to sweep the floor around your chair. When you ask him why he says routine, we like to
keep our coffee clean, and he proceeds to tidy up with care. He would like yourself to cigarette.
And find out soon as you got a list, this 40 new five friends are by your side.
And someone else you'll notice, spend most of telling you your placement candles,
who saved your ghost, barrage. With your friend, the neighborhood, not going to spend the neighborhood,
not going to see all of your local FBI. Your friend, the neighborhood, not going to see all of
your local FBI. You're sitting here in the coffee house, you're sitting there to trip you up while you are high.
Now, you duck into an alleyway thinking, hey, maybe I can cop the chain, get back before the boss finds out I'm going.
Okay, remember in the golden rule, you and the both ladies make sure it's cool, and when they're in a soul,
for miles around, you clutch your baggy full of lead, and careful not to spill the seed,
you roll the joint as big as ball the ball. And as the guy get a helicopter, drop the paddy wagon,
and guess who's standing smiling by the door. He is the owner of Friendly Neighborhood,
not going to spend the neighborhood, not going to see all of your local CIA.
Your friend, the neighborhood, call and drop out and recover a cop and cop out, keep in long order,
brighten gang. Yes, you find out that the freak you trusted is the things I got you busted,
and 20 years is a long time to stay on the ground.
You do want to stay while they're smoking so much weed, don't you?
It puts the lotion in the basket. 1145 at 560 WQAM. Happy holidays from all your friends,
Jews, goi, I'm those who are on the side of everybody here at the QAM and Kiss and Power 96,
we're upstairs. Thank God they're upstairs. I don't like some of those people up there,
and some we could live without, but they're upstairs, and it's a lot quieter, and you notice here on
the second floor, and we're kind of liking it. Here's the West Palm Beach, hello.
Hey, me, how are you doing? Okay. Can I have a real quest for that Star Wars song?
Star Wars Cantina? Yeah. Is that the one you want? Yeah, that's the one. Yes, you can, sir.
And can I call someone a douchebag? Yeah. Can I call David White a douchebag? No.
And have a great day. You too. Bye bye. David who? David B White?
David B. A douchebag? Help me, okay.
Come on, I only help. The name was Leah. She was a princess with the Danish Onis here,
and our name is Ryan here, so I do this too. Some men can know me.
Oh, we want me. Have to put the death stock lands into the rebellion pan, so you can
all be one. Have to get to all the runs, so they stopped into more sightly to have a drink
with hearts at the Star Wars. Star Wars Cantina? So with creatures you've ever seen of.
He's at the Star Wars. Star Wars Cantina? Music and laughter then all.
Yeah, I'm after that the Star Wars.
Who's had for you? He was a pilot with the laughter and his eye.
And a smile. Well, why's that quiet there with you? Bokka? He was a wolf, Jesus.
They met with who can all be one about the millennium for conducting bay 94.
Don't you possess the stars with the flapper sense like this? Come as an art on the floor.
Star Wars. Star Wars Cantina? So with creatures you've ever seen of.
He's at the Star Wars. Star Wars Cantina? Music and laughter then all.
Yeah, I'm after that the Star Wars.
I've seen space for you. You will never find the more wedges high when it comes to the name.
He was a cautionsist. His name was Yoda. He was a muffin.
No! Don't fit it was so bad and by the way, he's loose that lucid sister. His hand got cut off.
In that joutjef far far away lucid had a lousy day. Bopa that was so mean.
Jabba had bad hygiene. Why didn't they all just relax back on time to win at the Star Wars.
Star Wars 10thena
So where the creatures you've ever seen
Star Wars 10thena
Music and glasses and all that I'm asked to
That's a starboard
The cross is broken by the end
All this
Music and glasses and glasses
This is Debbie
Hello you're a laborer
I'm an inter-sudent going through operations
Okay
And some body contouring and some liposuction
And I was wondering if there's some tummy tuck
And lip augmentation and cosmetic compresses
So you placed it for all of these things
Uh-huh.
And you guys are wondering...
Well, you like to start with?
Well, I need to get everything done.
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No. Could you do blasting plants though?
Uh, I can't be done, but I don't know what they would do right away.
It works the lotion in the basket.
Uh-huh.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurface too.
Uh-huh.
Laser surgery.
Uh-huh.
Have the lambs stop crying yet, mommy?
Hey, excuse me.
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first, and then upon looking at you, we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay.
Um, there is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Okay.
Um, my name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay, let me get a little information from you.
Okay.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Or do you want to call me back?
Okay, what's the lotion in the basket?
I understand.
I got my skin suit and you're probably like, uh, uh, uh.
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
What's the lotion in the basket?
What you'd like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay, I will talk to you in the chat.
Okay.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello.
Okay.
Uh.
It's a 94 newt, it's 560 WQM.
Hey, go over from Shillestake to a 2 o'clock.
And then we got it at 4 o'clock.
400 hours of pregame, before night's big good dolphin Bronco games.
Anybody going to be listening to that pregame?
No.
For like 600 hours, so we can get all the spots in.
Anybody interested?
No.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Do you think the dolphins will win tonight?
Do I think they all win tonight?
Yeah.
They will either win or lose tonight, sir.
Yes.
And how do you think the running game will fare?
And what do you think the appoints for it is?
Okay, we have an open line.
That must be the answer we'll call this morning on the worst theme.
No, this guy's brighter than that guy.
I'm because the guy in this morning was serious.
How do you think they stack up?
Yeah.
And what about those secondary?
What about those defensive backs?
And what about the wide receivers?
And what about the tight end?
Oh, God.
Somebody calling in on a, on a show asking about tight ends?
You know what that sounds like?
That's a deep club you want to run.
Here's the Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have a question to ask you.
Yeah.
You know that, um, yeah, I think you shouldn't get you played by a freaking prize.
Yeah, that we will not be playing today.
All right.
That's why I don't want you to play.
No, that's a golden pond was, yeah.
Now, five easy pieces.
Is that what that movie comes from?
Caron Black.
Five black pieces?
Five easy pieces.
Yeah, five black pieces.
Oh, that's where it comes from.
And you do understand what he says.
I don't you?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Two open lines a day, two and a row.
And five, six, seven, oh, five, sixteen.
By the way, they do put mayonnaise on their fries.
And I'm still on.
Did anybody know that?
No.
There you go.
Just tell John Revolta that when he's in between those meetings
at the Church of Scientology.
We sure it tells John Revolta that before they start
to spend rumors about him again.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, can you play that playing my third-party song?
Play a play-c guitar?
Yeah, and it likes to call after a child.
Okay.
See ya.
What do you say?
Ask Rishwan?
This is the type of music which needs a little concentrated listening.
And I would request you to have little sessions.
We are not trying to make any politics.
We are artists.
Now, as usual, I would request you, my friend,
to refrain or stop from smotting while the program is on.
Thank you very much.
But listen.
I am a Hockmann Bellengap.
I like to play this here.
But unlike your madada, nothing makes me seem like this.
I take the stage I am already, or I like to sing.
And when I am done with those red dot baves,
what do we do in the world?
Play-c guitar?
Play-c guitar?
Oh my god.
I like to play this Hindu town in the ballroom at the highest.
And like your actual walls when Muslims come down to the other end,
I don't need people smoke or chase or bend or help the bar.
I am one bad dude when I pick up and play you my guitar.
Play-c guitar?
Play-c guitar?
Play-c guitar?
Oh my god.
Play-c guitar?
I'm just like Eric Clark.
Play-c guitar?
Play-c guitar?
Can you say it's a new song?
Come here.
Oh, what a nice song to have.
But I thought you're not.
Oh, that's not so hot.
I always thought you were terrible looking.
Come here baby.
What's me?
Play-c guitar?
I thought it was just for you.
We all know what's in you.
But I'm here.
This song is for you.
What's me?
Play-c guitar?
Play-c guitar?
Look what the monsters of the hot mud tour coming to your town.
So it puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay, it's 11.55 at 5.60 W.
They'll forget by the way.
Not only will Sam and Chris and Dave and whoever else
they'll be out there at Boca anytime soon,
which will let you know exactly where if they ever get there.
Also outside the arena tonight, the stadium, whatever the hell that is,
P.P. Park.
By Gate G, they'll have some best of me.
You'll see these out there at Gate G at the ball game tonight.
For all you dolphin fans, just before you start tailgating
and before you start getting really slarse, go buy Gate G and give us some money.
Four minutes till noon at 5.60 WQN.
The Neil Roger Show, now on 5.60 WQAF, Miami Fort Lauderdale.
It's Monday.
Oh God Friday is so far away.
Here I'm trapped in this all first you stay.
I feel like crap, cause it's Monday.
No, it's no say, sir.
Is it?
No, it's no say, sir.
Is it?
Nanger sister doesn't kiss too many guys.
Consumers and the wacker kind of love.
Kind of thing, but she's proud she looked at me.
Oh my God.
Every time he sees a sister,
well, it's not even news of the news.
Well, rugby was her hobby,
but now she's like the heavy and he don't much like her views.
Mutual sisterism.
Oh my God.
New sisterism.
Nanger sister doesn't shave her legs of thighs.
Well, make up on her eyes or get your soul.
Nanger sister says she's proud she's a gay lesbian.
Well, she ain't like her big brother.
Must be her old wild.
Cogging with little sister has never had a Mr.
and she never met a trouser mouth.
Good to the sisterism.
Oh my God.
New sisterism.
Nanger sister doesn't kiss too many guys.
Consumers and the wacker kind of love.
Kind of thing, but she's proud she's a gay lesbian.
But the tired of my daughter ever dated one.
Oh, right.
Oh wait a minute, she murdered a mega-decker fella.
And actually, what I think about it, maybe, you know,
people lesbian wouldn't be so bad.
Okay, three minutes after the old and happy, uh,
two-year happy Christmas, happy, uh, Hanukkah, happy, uh,
new year, happy in japan, whatever else.
Okay, that's the problem, baby.
It was a japan new year.
That was the problem in 98.
Too many goddamn japs.
Oh.
And White House has in one.
Let's just play a devil in the blue dress for the whole
uh, rest of the day, the day sounds, the whole week.
That's right.
The end of the, uh, how do you say it?
Uh, as in genius.
La auntie, can you stop?
It's Monica.
Stop!
Bitch.
And don't forget Mrs. Lewinsky too, the, uh, mama.
Your mama, that's right.
That's what we oughta, we oughta string her ass up and just say
your mama while we stoner to death.
Oh yes, give me, give me that dress immediately.
I'll save it for you.
She was probably sniffing a stain on there no doubt.
Just to make sure it was naughty and nice, she was sniffing it
and the dress too.
Bitch.
Anyway, here's a bizarre facts from our good close friend,
Joel and Fort Myers, who obviously has had it,
LaWatame, which is why he has that knot in his head.
Oh, that's why we call him Frank Einstein.
It's a, some people get it.
Last week I had to send some technical information to my main office in Tampa.
The information was self-explanatory, so I had nothing of value to put on the
a fax cover sheet.
I wrote in the comment section, it puts the lotion in the basket,
sign Buffalo Bill.
The guy who received the fax called me the, uh, this morning with the following
story.
On Saturday, his new girlfriend and son were in their pool in St. Petersburg,
when she asked for some suntan lotion.
He and the sun start chanting, it puts the lotion in the basket.
A while later, after the laughter subsided, the girlfriend leans over and says,
it wants an asterisk.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
From Joel and Fort Myers.
I mean, just mildly, okay, well, George was laughing.
George laughed, okay, Joel?
He thought it was, I thought it was pretty dumb.
David Duke to run in LA, GOP, cringes.
Oh, my God.
That's right.
David Duke, the controversial Louisiana politician with ties to the KKK,
has announced plans to run for the seat that represented Bob Livingston,
that Philandria will vacate creating further political problems for the Republican
Party and the aftermath of the impeachment vote, this speechment against Bubba.
He's been embarrassment of the GOP since winning a state house seat in 1989,
and Sunday the party moved quickly.
Once again, to disassociate itself from Duke, Republican National Committee Chairman Jim Nicholson declared,
there is no room in the party of Lincoln for a clansman like David Duke is what he said.
So how do you like that?
They just keep getting one embarrassment after another.
What a shame, huh?
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello?
Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, I just wanted to yell, I'm pretty popular with the sport talk shows up in Boston.
Yeah, I'm right.
How do you like that?
That was unbelievable.
Uh-huh.
I never called you.
I wanted to call you, wish you a happy new year and all that, have your holidays.
Happy new year.
Yeah, exactly.
And I want to thank you for enlightening about sports.
I also want to thank Wayne for letting me know what BS sports can be.
And I kind of weaned myself from, I haven't gone to a dolphin game all year,
but I'm just a legend picker.
Here's the guy that's weaning away from it.
Nice going.
Exactly.
We ever come to the hockey games.
We don't care about the sports anymore.
We're just having a social event there and everybody's having a good time.
I confess I've been to three hockey games here.
And did a couple of soccer games when I was traveling South America, like, uh,
what the foe go and bokeh and Buenos Aires.
I like your part, yeah.
And, uh, I want to clarify something about these, uh, evangelicals at the orange ball.
Did he say both the foe?
Yes.
Yes.
And, uh, this guy, this guy that's headin' this thing in the orange ball is some,
what's he, that the, the revival, the evangelicals?
Oh, you're talking about the anti-facts then?
Exactly.
Yeah.
He's Argentinian.
He's not Cuban.
I know you always should be a rag on, you know, how I'm all over the phone.
Hey, listen, he had his 80-year Cubans there, his 16 Cubans with their little kids,
right, she's laughing out there.
He had them.
Got a coin, got a coin.
As soon as those old, uh, Julio's, as soon as they got a coin, they started, they come on in.
Nio, can I have a request to call them?
On their new, yes sir.
Go ahead.
First of all, the request is, can I have the Phil Henry tap dance, that thing?
Whatever that's called?
The Phil Henry tap dance?
Yeah.
You're both the fastest thing.
Those twisted.
Right.
Yeah, okay.
And then, uh...
Or instead of that, how about...
They're ratcheting.
No, we don't want them.
And then lastly, douchebags, a star, Guero Ignacio.
Suspelo, douchebag.
And best of the cool, alright.
Okay, and have a great day, whatever.
Cheers.
The manager told me, yeah.
But I was right out of my head.
Then he said Phil Henry was using a voice instead.
Such lies.
I didn't listen to his jive.
I knew all along.
He was all wrong.
And I knew he was all wrong.
Are you sure?
That I was crazy, but I'm not unknown.
Yeah, but wait a second.
The manager told me.
Yeah.
Then I was a little confused.
And I said, hey Bobby.
Yeah.
I didn't call to get abused this way.
I heard a show just the other day.
I think you ought to know what he did on his show.
I was very up all.
That's the reason why I called.
Yeah, but let me say something for you.
Let me say something.
This woman named Margaret calls you.
She'll plan a luck.
And a douche wants to listen to that suck up all.
I know you think Phil is a genius.
And that is the key of the deal.
That way, but you know what I say?
I didn't think it was a bit funny.
Especially when he talked about the affordability.
He said with the cocktail sauce on top.
Yeah, but did you, are you sure?
The manager told me.
Yeah.
That I could use in Calcam, but I should have made me.
Yeah.
You let me speak my mind.
You'll find I didn't think it was very kind.
When baseball was played by the cripple then blind.
And to make matters worse.
Yeah, passion falls to sunny.
Oh, no.
All right, all right.
The manager told me.
Yeah.
That I was right out of my head.
And then he said, lady, your geniuslyness led to you.
You should know Phil Henry shows you neat and new.
So why don't you relax and have a volume or two?
Because you don't know if you've got to talk to Bobby Green or not.
And you know, three voices are better than one.
OK.
I'm going to say after 6560 WQM.
So anyway, they're out there with the QM van, which I apologize.
I forgot all about it.
Well, we got so many important things going on here.
They don't like?
No.
They're on the southeast corner of Glade and Butts Road.
They were such a place in Boko, OK?
At the Amaco Station in the southeast corner of Glade and Butts Road.
I can't say that.
Butts, butts, butts, butts.
Road.
In the Amaco Station, they got the best of the deal.
And they replenished whatever they got.
OK, they took a bunch of stuff out of the grove where they hate me like poison.
And so we got all the stuff you want.
So let's go by there and cut loose with some more cash for center one.
We can go over 110 grand this week. Sounds good to me.
Did what's the lotion in the basket?
All right.
There was a blue.
There was a blue.
Well, that's too bad.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And the racings of Black.
On its cash did I see the oil means that it won't cut any more L.D.
All this is it.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, the D.D.
In Grace Land.
Yeah, yeah.
There is Mexico.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
And I said, you weren't feeling quite right.
Then your face turned white.
And then you turned blue.
And you felled it.
Good bye to you.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, the D.D.
Forever.
I said you were still alive.
The chain of serenade.
Every night I met home.
And I'm watching TV.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I have to say.
All his dumb movies can listen to.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Whenever.
It's time to grow.
It's now or never.
But as I watch his place.
And I look at all those chicks.
I wish I knew if they knew.
Do.
Oh, it's for.
Yeah, they blew.
From 15 to 560 WQ I.M.
By the way, there's a very important message for all you kids out there who are out of school right now.
From this above a gate thing.
And that is if you're going to mess around, if you're going to get some illicit blow jobs in the oral office or wherever it is.
At least be a little bit sanitary.
Always have a something in the towel.
Clean ex.
That's right.
That's the message out of this.
If it weren't the mess on the dress would be we end this mess right now.
No way Jose.
So be a straight shooter like Peter North.
Okay.
That should be a good lesson for all you people out there.
Just watch Peter North.
He'll show you where to shoot it.
We have an open line and date and two and a half.
560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line.
I love all these people in the media.
And even these people in the Senate.
Well, you know, it was wrong and it was disgusting and it was unacceptable.
And there needs to be.
We just can't let him get off scot free.
Yada yada yada.
What was the big deal with it?
She went there with a presidential knee pad.
She was out there to a service, a president.
He, you know, a cookie here, a cookie there.
A little cookie on the phone every now and then.
Little a little a squirt, squirt.
And so he had bad aim.
It's the you've heard of the gang who couldn't shoot straight.
We got the president who can't.
Squirt, squirt, shoot straight.
Okay. Big thinking deal.
Should be our worst problem.
Oh, it's disgusting and we have to have a censure.
And it was absolutely wrong.
And what do we sell our kids?
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, I need a quick.
Absolutely. The Dow is up 155 points, by the way.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, the Dow strawberry white good in song.
The what?
The strawberry in white good in song.
Oh, yeah. What was that called, George?
It's not a neighbor.
Oh, it's not a neighbor.
Yeah.
Well, George is on top of it today.
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the two newest New York gang.
The Dow will strawberry.
I'm Doc Gooden and the personal coach Steve Howell.
Howell.
That's what I like about.
That good in the wind up the straw man snorts the line up.
He's drooling like a dog who heard a bell.
Oh, right.
He's high as a lab rat for smoking the cracket of bat.
He doesn't like cocaine just like the way it smells.
Snorting a ball.
Sarrows roll enough for plenty.
Snorting a ball.
And he's getting good and plenty.
They lick the swanney dollar bill.
Now teeth are grinding like a peppermill.
Go in a ball.
How cool.
And pills.
He's.
Steve Howell is in the bullpen.
His nostrils are wide open.
He's no f*** up beating because he's on the braves.
He gets advice from Doc.
And Doc prescribed some rock.
So first he blew a line into any bluda.
Stay.
Snorting a ball.
Say abused the magic powder snorting a ball.
He's got a pet you will refill.
They do it in the pool if they are gills.
Doing a boss.
Oh, alcohol and pills.
For that money.
A balls.
Alcohol and pills.
I like to welcome you all aboard.
Is your manager.
High five.
20 after 12 at 5.50 WQA and the Hank Goldberg show from Shula's
State 2 abbreviated today from 2 to 4.
Hank, the hammer's got to get out of the way for that big pregame show.
Right?
4 to 8 o'clock.
We got four hours of pregame for play.
So how are we doing up there in Boker?
Nothing yet.
See, that's going to be bad if we have a big egg up there in Boker.
They're going to say, well, we really did great, which they did.
Thank you, by the way, guys, for a great job.
Chris and Sam in that order.
Thanks for a great job.
But we don't want them to cut it right off on us because then they'll say, okay, but it's all over with these people.
Are we Alexa busy now and they're not going to come up with any more money for us?
I don't think that's the case.
You think that's the case?
No.
I don't.
South East corner of Glades and Bucks Road in Boker, Rotone and the Amico Station.
Just look for the QA and Fan and there's Chris and maybe there's Sam and there's one.
How much?
20.
We don't get the message that people are just sitting there on our hand to these waiting like right on the corner there.
Okay.
Too many ifs and...
Bucks, Bucks, Bucks, Bucks.
This is the problem.
They'll be there.
The corner of Glades and Bucks Road, they'll be coming from Boynton Beach and Boker and Del Rey and all of the goddamn place.
Won't they?
No.
Yes, they will.
You watch.
To get their best in the OCDs and wait, do we still have the free dolphin t-shirts for everybody who comes by?
I don't know.
No.
Are we done?
Well, why did you... why did you should've lied a little bit?
I mean, uh...
So, you know...
It wants an ass tree, by the way.
That was mildly amusing and in fact you know something would have been okay if I wouldn't have known that it came from Joel from Frankenstein because he's a good guy.
He's just not too funny unless you look at him.
Open line of day two and Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, we got our first 20 bucks in Boker.
Anybody... do we hear 40?
Oh!
Come on, let's get with it there.
Well, yes.
Christ almighty, they'd rather they'd schlep all the way up there and by the way I was the one that suggested it so we damn well better red to well up there.
They're gonna be really pissed off.
And they're gonna start making up stories about me like they make up about some of the other people on this, oh they're not made up.
Okay, let's go to Miramar.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
I don't know if you've been seeing the one in the TV lately, you're two favorite actors.
Yeah.
Drop and have some of those on 60 minutes last night.
I saw it like a bit.
60 minutes is pretty weak.
I went over to date line last night.
60 minutes was really bad.
Well, your other favorite actor is a bang around his job.
I saw a lot of those there at the beginning.
I went to use some of those things.
Who's the other one?
John Travolta has been spouting his crypts as I went.
The Scientology, get it right.
Yeah, and he's been on what the ABC show 2020 last night.
A&E's investigative report.
Like they're all being ticked on trying to defend themselves.
And also to whatever happened to the funny first 99.
One gone.
Oh, man.
Yeah, another bit.
Too bad.
No 99.
May I request something?
In fact, I think it was 989.
Yes.
Your tarman singing, smoking my Christmas tree?
Smoking my Christmas tree?
The Christmas song.
Oh, well, we got to get the right names, man.
I'm old and okay.
Have a great one pal.
The Christmas song?
The hell is that?
What's the night in Fort Christmas?
The law threw the house.
Got a creature with sperm.
Not even a mouse.
I caught a sleep so I lay there in bed.
A nine millimeter toes to my head.
I heard an ointment.
I jumped up to sleep.
What in the hell are I?
It could be.
I looked around the corners quite hard to believe.
I saw a stand of a lead.
I did not see.
I knew there's finally I didn't make a sound.
He pulled toys from his bag and he sped them all around.
He built my pockets with cartridges and then he sat down.
What I saw next was most sure to us now.
He walked through the tree and he tore off a branch.
He missed him and he's fucking in and he pulled out a match.
He spaked dogs from me, those stuck him in his pipe.
Then he struck the match and he made it alive.
He never wants an expert by this.
He's eyes too small as cheeks start in the glow.
He walked through the tree and he filled another bowl.
Started to hobo but it came out he was night.
Let's then a class taught a buzz.
Box moving my Christmas tree.
A second bachelor's and stand class did not know that you got high.
Then a hall of your bank of sand pulled and wide and rain there fly.
Where would I fit all the cookies and milk if I wasn't high.
When that was the night the stand class taught one buzz by smoking my Christmas tree.
1226 and 560 WQAM.
And by the way 9 days from the day next Thursday we come Thursday December 30th is our one year anniversary on QAN.
We'll accept all gifts by the way.
Anything will worth more than like 30 or 40 bucks will accept it with a smile on our push.
I'm here to hold you.
No Star on Tiger, a lot more than gold.
They say they're weapons of mass destruction.
I think we sound a couple megatons by me right.
In the Gulf War, they're in the Gulf of hood.
I think it's time to give this butter wood.
So it's time to blow those B ones up on their own.
Yes!
On their own till there's nothing left to see on their own till Saturday 6 p.m.
On their own, blow up the tree, on their own.
And that's me, it's got to do.
It's difficult to tell because I learned them up on school.
If we learn to prepare, we're gonna be wet.
Because I'm in the Gulf War season.
I'm here up here.
Bring it to an end.
I'm here up.
From glory my forgive.
I'm here up.
I'm on the sea of men.
I'm here up here.
From the sea of men.
From the sea of men.
By the way, it wants an victory.
About 32 at 560 WQA.
I'm on a great Monday.
Was this a great day or was?
No.
Yes it is.
Just because you wanted God's name, I religiously show you.
Can you believe that?
This man has no shame whatsoever.
Little Jewel blow with his suspenders.
He goes on there with Robert Schumer.
Because he has him on his show and Jerry Falwell.
And every other right we can learn to take who's always his best friend.
Close personal friend.
Did anybody out there see that piece of crap?
Piece of walking turd on a river and a crystal cathedral?
You're flipping the channels and it's a question of which one is the most anxious of them all.
And they're beyond the shadow of a dust.
So anyway, we've got 140 bucks up there in Bokal.
Already I told you, it always starts to be the same way.
And they're always like, when they're crying over there.
It takes a little while to build up momentum for our listeners to resume into zero in on that location.
On the southeast corner of Glade and Buts Road in Boka at the Amaco station.
Where you'll see that big, neat QA and van that we probably traded out with somebody.
No down.
Because that's our philosophy here.
When a doubt traded out, it's when it comes to spending cash.
No.
It's always the answer.
And Sam's got a long way to go to get his $300,000 gold.
So even though we're doing it very nicely with $107,000 and somehow going to do it today.
And we still have the report from last week's border.
So got only $0,000, how much we got.
All I can say is it'd be real good.
And let's keep going for these next 10 days.
Here's a lady in the adventurer.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hello, she's happy holiday.
And the same to you.
I want to wish Uncle Mikey since he's not on the air.
Uh-huh.
Ugu Booga.
Right.
And I realize you don't want to explain it.
Oh, what is the motion and the lotion and the lotion and the motion mean?
It wants an extra.
It's from the, you have to, did you ever see Silence of the Lands?
Yes, and I can't figure out what it's, I realize it's in and all of them.
You thought the movie and you don't understand what it means.
No.
When he says, it puts the lotion in the basket.
You've got to watch it again and be watching when she's down there in the pit.
You have to watch it again.
I'll watch it again.
Trust me.
Okay.
Have a happy.
You'll wet your pants when it gets to that point.
Okay.
Bye.
See ya.
That's right.
Everybody go out there and get Silence of the Lands again.
I thought I had a copy of that at home and I scoured yesterday and do I have a copy of it?
No.
Because even I wanted to watch it again.
Don't have it.
I can't find it anywhere in town.
Really?
I've been around.
Well, there you go.
You won't find it because this show against like fish food when we first started pumping it.
Anybody out there pumping it?
I bet they are.
And the same with everything else.
180.
And Sam says they paid for the van.
They paid for the beer and the van?
Well, Sam would know about paying for it or no, he's not the one.
We have an open line in date and two of our five six seven oh five sixty and five five sixty on the mobile one line.
What's wrong with paying for it, huh?
Unless of course you don't have to, which is always a lot better.
That's what I say.
Here's a mobile in North Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Nell.
Yes.
Two very quick ones, sir.
What we've been missing since 1991 does boots and also stuck in the temple with you.
It's the best and you never played anymore.
Who is this by the way?
Mark.
Mark.
Mark.
Mark.
Yes.
In the dark?
I'm Mark and I wish.
Yeah.
Is he still alive?
I don't know.
We'll check it out.
Okay, Mark.
Have a, have a season there.
Wait a minute.
No, don't get up.
Stop.
God, I had it all set up there.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
If you see your rabbi say my book, talk.
Smoked to the left and means, pups to the right.
Here I am stuck in the temple with you.
And I'm stuck in the temple with you.
And I'm wondering what it is I should do.
I don't want to pray that so am I long.
And I know that I don't like my football.
Smoked to the left and means, pups to the right.
Here I am stuck in the temple with you.
Well, you're in your daddy's business,
but you claim that you're on with something else.
Then your awful sight comes over,
ask your father, big ol' and three.
Okay, 22 till 1 at 5.60 W to QM.
So 180 bucks in counting up there in Boka.
We'll reach a gigantic level up there today.
We're going to do it up there in Boka or what?
Or else we'll never speak to them again.
So are you adding or are you figuring,
are you tamulating in there for almost up to them in total for our center one?
Which we'll still have some of the totals from last week from the border's doors.
So God only knows what we got,
but it's a pretty good them, damn good.
It's a pretty good number.
I want to bang the end of the butt, honey.
Okay.
Where do you all take my full jacket?
Oh, the lullaboo lullaboo.
And some garlic, swiping actions.
Oh, the lullaboo lullaboo.
Don't we now want to wear the jacket?
If that crowbar is bent, wax it.
Oh, the lullaboo lullaboo.
Red suit us, don't some nipple.
Lullaboo lullaboo.
Knees your buns like Mr. Whipple.
Lullaboo lullaboo.
You'll always get some big reaction.
Lullaboo lullaboo.
If you grab your whole back, my conjecture.
Lullaboo lullaboo lullaboo.
Little Disney's puzzle.
Where do I go tonight?
Lullaboo lullaboo.
Lullaboo lullaboo.
17 to 1 at 560.
We got 260 up there in Boka and we're right.
Starting to pop up maybe in the amount too.
It's popping.
109,184 totals every.
That's what I got.
109,184 right up to the minute.
Plus, on Porter stores that haven't reported any yet
from the outlying precincts.
So we definitely got over 110 grand right now.
It's about 10 days to go.
Nice going.
I wouldn't be surprised if we wind up with 120 grand
or there about 125 sounds like a nice number to me.
I wouldn't be surprised if it's on the front page of the God
there are news pages here.
Oh yeah, hand listen.
I'm moving my breath right now right on the arrow.
Right onto the master, the scum sentinel.
With that ender, what's his name?
Edward the Mumser?
Yeah.
In fact, I probably have the morning line out.
Whether the Arranger's makes it to 120 grand or not.
Let me tell you that's a little message for all you people out there
of all ages.
Don't ever do something good expecting in this town
to get any positive publicity or any recognition about it
because it'll never happen.
Unless your name is Wayne High Pinger or somebody who's already
got a lot more publicity than he can handle and a lot more statues
and monuments built to him.
Just do it because you care about it and that's good enough.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
We got 600 open lines at the moment on all request week.
Here's a mobile in South Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Olga, Olga, Olga.
And back to you.
Hey, I was thinking, what do you think the funniest thing
is two bits that you've got?
I'm getting a little tired of that crap.
I can tell you right now.
Yeah, that's number one.
Okay.
And then how anybody can argue with me on this one.
The bridge dander is definitely one of your all time.
You think so?
Yeah, if you haven't heard of the first two million times.
It's okay.
Any possibility?
No.
Okay.
But have a great holiday.
Okay, that leaves one call on the board and boy we got rid of him just in time.
I mean, have a whole happy.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's our last call of the day.
It's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy holidays.
I have a copy of the movie, Sound of the Lands.
I'd be more than happy to send you a copy.
You mean like, yeah, that would be great.
And you forgot that there's one pit that's missing from there.
When he's yelling at her down the well, it runs the low shit on his skin or it gets the hose again.
It gets the hose, yeah.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, yeah.
And then close the...
Here's what he in this town from coast to coast is going...
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Even if they haven't got the foggiest idea what it means, they're still saying it.
Or don't you hurt my dog.
Right.
Prussious.
It wants an x-ray.
I was wondering also if you had the bid from...
This was like three years ago, the Monday night game, between Manditch and Zimper when they lost it.
No.
And it completely lost.
You don't have that.
I don't know what you're talking about.
No, God.
All right.
If you can, how about a Manditch, uh, come on, lay over on my couch.
That's it?
Yeah.
Short and sweet?
Short and sweet.
Uh...
Come on in and lay down on my couch.
Okay, pal.
All right, life.
That was short and sweet.
That's what we like.
It's short and sweet.
That's what I got.
Open line of day two and rowered 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, sir?
Great.
Listen, uh, the flatulence contest.
I haven't heard that in ages.
How about it?
Okay, here you go.
You're welcome.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Can you, uh, make a request for the cannabis?
What if God's good cannabis?
Okay.
And...
And have a happy.
You too.
Okay.
You show him the shatter.
That'll have a few seconds.
At least seconds.
The dollar, this Friday.
Damn, God.
He's got had a bomb.
And took a hit in Woody.
Yacht like Cheech and Chong.
And he had some munchies and make round these bills with hats.
And Woody shared it with Jesus and the saints.
So, Christ, honey, and yeah, yeah.
Heart in his face, and yeah, yeah.
Heart in his face, and yeah, yeah.
What if God's good cannabis?
Smoke and Christ, my son of us.
Oh, oh, no, right.
Gives him high on the back of the box.
Just him and Moses, getting so old.
On a greyhound, but too long.
To get some bad skin on growth.
So, it's your full time back to say, home.
Smoke.
Smoke up big, bob Marley on his throne.
No fun in heaven, let's your soul.
What is a Buffalo bill?
It's 11-D4-1 at 5-60 WQM.
We got Hank from Shula State, too.
That's coming up at 2 o'clock in a abbreviated version of the Henry Goldberg show today.
Because at 4 o'clock, we got 600 hours of pre-game festivities.
We got a little dolphin for play for it.
Don't forget Gagey outside P.P. Park tonight.
Sam will be there with some of our best of CDs and stuff.
Gagey, that's after you get like 20 or 30 beers in you.
And sufficiently tanked.
Here's the Lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, this is Wesley.
You play Prison Bitch from my daddy.
It's Wesley? No, we can't Wesley.
Okay, bad pony accent, too, Wesley.
How do you like that?
5-6-7-0-5-60.
Now that was a T-shirt work.
Kawana is what that was.
Okay.
5-6-7-0-5-60 at 0.5-60 on the mobile one slide.
Here's the Lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm Neil.
Yes.
Let me ask you something.
Is the QAM van coming to downtown Miami?
Oh, God no.
I don't think so.
I hope not.
Not for their sake.
All right, Neil.
Thanks.
Okay.
No, the QAM van is every go to downtown Miami?
No.
Absolutely not.
Certainly not in the daytime.
And God forbid at night.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
0.5-60 on the mobile one slide.
It's Neil's all request week because there ain't one call on the board.
That's happened twice today.
Boy, I'll tell you.
I knew we were going to be up against it this week and next week.
But boy, this is below and underneath the call of duty.
I'll tell you that if you ask me.
Real quickly.
Here's a mobile in Del Rey.
Hello.
Mobile in Del Rey.
How's it going?
Okay, sir.
Oh.
I know you're in shock to get on that fast, but you're the, you're the, you're the,
the middle of our call right now.
I was completely in shock.
I used to be Jimmy from North Bay Village when you were around the corner.
Yeah.
Anyway, I know you're coming from Del Rey.
Now you're Eddie from Del Rey.
Well, I'm just working up here, but anyway.
I have two buddies in the car.
I wanted to hear the, uh, squeeze the bag.
Uh, one is any chance for that.
Squeeze the bag?
I can't remember the guy's name.
The, uh, Scott is a guy.
Oh, you're talking about playing bagpipes.
Exactly.
So he's got two buddies in the car who are squeezing their bag.
Anyone here playing bagpipes.
Okay.
How did they play?
I don't know what they played.
Thank you.
I'm quite squeezed in the before, uh, hi there, boys.
I'm here.
The day we got a very extra special thing starting by.
I show it all about something special.
I remember doing it right now.
Come on in the bike, man.
Hey, are you ready?
Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you.
Ooh, I wonder what it is.
It looks like, looks like a, uh, the push with the push.
It's my bag, boy.
Hey.
Ooh.
What?
Can I touch it?
Sure, go ahead.
Ooh, ooh, ooh.
Run your hands over it.
Hey, that's fine.
Hey, like velvet.
Hey.
What's this right here?
That is my ballpipe.
What, what do you do with a ballpipe?
You blow it, lad.
You blow.
You blow.
Hey, you put your mouth around it and your blow.
Okay, can I do that?
Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, lad?
Okay, can I?
Sure, go ahead.
Okay.
Come on, lad.
You got to put your mouth around it, lad.
Don't be afraid.
It's not going to break.
Like this?
Hey, that's a boy.
Stick it around the way down your throat.
Stick it bigger.
Hey, it means you're doing it right.
What's this over here?
That's midshunter.
What do we do with that?
What do you do with that, lad?
Put your both hands on it.
You cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft.
Real quick.
Hey.
Hey, run your hands up and down it there.
Now what you want to do, lad?
If you want to blow my pipe, you want to squeeze the pipe.
Put your bag nice and gentle.
And then you want to run your hands up and down the shaft.
Real quick.
Okay.
All together all at the same time.
Okay, here we go.
Hey, that's good, lad.
Sure.
Hey, it's good, lad.
Keep low on.
Move harder, lad.
Harder.
Squeeze the bag.
Please, lad.
Keep low on.
Don't you run your hands up and down the shaft.
Stick it better.
Run your hands up and down the shaft.
Keep low.
Oh, I'm going to play in the middle.
Oh, I'm going to play in the middle.
Oh, I'm going to play in the middle.
Oh, I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
Oh, I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
It's the 1 to 2 hour.
Hi, V.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I'm going to play in the middle.
I like to make this.
And I like to smoke a spliff.
I like my go-wraith.
I am a little type of guy.
Rasta me.
Rasta you.
Rasta flat.
Rasta you.
Rasta you.
Or not.
Rasta you.
I like go-chetsho.
And I like the motorbike.
She can do with the needle and that's what I like.
Have you ever tasted it?
That's a piece of fresh and cranes.
Blankin' and get built up in.
That's much more my taste.
Rasta me.
Rasta you.
Rasta flat.
Rasta you.
Rasta you.
Or not.
Rasta you.
Oi.
Rasta you.
Rasta you.
Rasta you.
Oh you're fine.
Oi.
Rasta me.
Rasta you.
Rasta you.
Rasta you.
Rasta you.
Rasta you.
Rasta you.
Jai men Rasta you.
Wried your wife's stuff.
Crancino dries the white scoop
Prepare a grain of wheat.
I should go to the park.
It's bad to hear that.
My religion better than your religion.
Oh!
My religion better than your...
All right.
My religion wants your choir to avoid a lack of fire.
My religion better than yours.
My religion better than your religion.
My religion better than yours.
My religion has a taste of inditry and racial hate.
My religion better than yours...
My religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
What we like about it best I apologize you were able to dress.
My religion better than yours...
My religion better than yours...
Why did you bring a discriminatoryismus with you?
I said I don't.
We have no respect for women, driver cap to make the living smile.
We need you better than yours.
I believe in that of your religion.
My religion is better than yours.
You are a harbors move, you ghost.
We slaughter, paint and dogs and ghosts.
My religion is better than yours.
I believe in that of your religion.
I believe in that of your religion.
We have innocent killed, yet we have seul baby Huhuy-
Why are you right here, pay me a pleasester.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We now endorsed the bothers in light fold rush because you are knew by the religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
orders. We wear ties and white our bikes and get to marry lots of wives by religion
better than yours. Oh!
My religion better than yours. My religion better than yours. We don't want to use our
brain for mind which might make us erase. My religion better than yours.
Wait me. 6 minutes after one. By the way, Steve, I wonder how Henry Beard is doing.
6 past 1560 WDQM are rolling along. Sing in a song. Happy holidays. Have put a big
smile on your post. 109,364. That was a request by the way from somebody who was stopped by
up there in Boka at the QAM fan which is on the where is it. I wrote it down.
Southeast corner of Glade and Butch Road in Boka at the Amico Station.
460 bucks up there so far. Not bad. Not great but not bad. We got up to a little bit of
a late start thanks to me. But we'll get there. We'll get up to a very respectable
total. I'm guaranteeing you like January 1 there will be a big headlight on the front
page of the Miami Hills. Neo Rogers raises tons of money for charity again.
Buddy Nevin's life a big column in here saying let's build a statue to a good old
damn god. Because he may not have as much money as way and he's doing the best he can.
Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neo how you doing great. This year's the
the free day to date. Wow. Moving out of town. Oh, where you going? Going out to
a lot of Angela. And not much better. Like maybe a few more living in here.
Learn what all those slanted symbols mean all those signs you know the Korean symbols
and via the means and that's my advice. I'll try and figure it out and report that.
I have one shameless request. Yes sir. The tasty taste of the dead dog.
Okay. All right. And have a good time pal. Hey good luck that you'll need it out there.
What is what is that? Casey Caseyman Hank and now it's time for our long distance
dedication. It's from head go bug and he writes please play the air that I breathe
and dedicated to my Kim Bassinger blow up now. We're up to our long distance
dedication. And this one is about kids and pets and the situation that we can all
understand whether we have kids or pets or neither. It's from a man in Cincinnati,
Ohio. And here's what he likes. Here Casey, this may seem to be a strange
dedication request but I'm quite sincere and it'll need a lot if you play it.
Recently there was a death in our family. He was a little dog named Snuckles
but he was most certainly a part of let's come start again.
I'm coming out of the record. Play the record. Okay. Please.
See when you come out of those up temple damn numbers man is impossible to make those
transitions and then you got to go into somebody dying. You know they do this to me all
a time. I don't know what the hell they do with for but damn it if we can't come out of
a cell record. I don't understand it. Is down on the phone. Okay. I want a damn
concerted effort to come out of a record that isn't a f***ing up tempo record every
time I do a damn death dedication. Now make it and I also want to know what happened
to the pictures I was supposed to see this week. It's a god last damn time. I want
somebody to use this **** brain to not come out of a **** damn record. That is that's
up camp or I got to talk about a **** and draw dying. What is this **** and
ponderous? 109 is 560 WK. We do realize why people are all with them with this
religious proverb especially around this time of the year. It puts the
large in the basket. Okay. I'm suspending all activities on the show for the
moment because George just told me something. I'm so why did you not want to tell me that
because she didn't want me to tell you that. Well it's obvious why she didn't want
you to tell me because she's a **** bitch. You know, haven't I talked about this
until I'm blue in the post. We go out. We do these appearances. I get their
attendance when I get their 10 minutes early, which is like 30 seconds from my
house on Saturday. I had a nice line already waiting for me. They were all
nice. They're all coming with stacks of CDs and stuff. Donating tons of cash for
center one. We had a tremendous turnout. So George tells me he says there was
one lady called before off the year of course complaining about not only me but
about George as well. What is her complaint that both of us just sat there? And
as soon as he said that it came to mind. I wonder who was one of those two broads
and sure enough. The ones who kept telling me about their dick part and they get
the they they're the ones that told dick part and they call me on my birthday and
I love dick part. Okay. Everybody knows I love dick. But I went out of my way
and I were not there to do a song of a dance. Okay. They came back over and
over and over again. Everybody else. They're polite. They buy their stuff. They
come by. I autograph it. You want to can we take a picture with it? Sure. Anything
you want within reason. And they must have come back including at the end of the
year. And I think it's something into a clock when it was all over with to take a
picture with me. Okay. And she's squeezing and grabbing and so on and so forth.
Which quite frankly I'm not interested in sweetheart. And she's got the goal of
Hutzba to call up and bitch about the fact that we both just sat there. What did
she want us to do? Do a tattoo dance for her? Everybody else that comes by
and actually get the message. You know there's a bunch of people lined up behind
us. Hello. How you doing? I love your show. Blow out your ass. Here's what he's
signed this. Sign us. Great. And they're on their way. And these broads, these two of
them kept coming back over and over again. I kept on it. Why won't they just go away
already? Oh, we love you. Oh, you know, and I signed them cards that took the picture
with them. And she's got the goal of God damn big saggy old boobs to call you.
The huge old saggy Tata. She's got them to call you and bitch about the fact that we
were just sat there like bumps on luck. Let me tell you okay because I will do this again
next year and every year that I can raise money for a good charity which center one is definitely one.
I'm going there to raise money for charity. Okay. I'm not going there to have a
goddamn party to play grab ass and believe me Saturday there wasn't anybody there I wanted to play
grab ass with occasionally there are people who come by that I would like to do grab ass.
Wouldn't believe me sweetheart. You're not the one under any circumstances.
I just can't yes, I can. But of all people them, them that came back like I said
755 goddamn time. That's fucking bitch. And signed their pictures for them and wrote
whatever they wanted. Oh, yeah, we're going to get to Dick to send you a new CD.
You know something I can get my friend what's your name at the here old over there.
We can get her to send Dick Perton his new best of CD. I don't need them.
I can get my own dick Perton stuff. Okay. Bitch.
Oh, sure. Of all the people to call you and bitch about the fact what did she want you to do?
I don't know. Somebody to squeeze her saggy boobs. Is that it?
Is she to ask? Believe me, you would not have touched your saggy boobs. Believe me.
Especially with your wife and daughter there. Well, like I said.
I mean, that just blows me away. It's just astonishing to me.
I mean, I try to be so nice even people that make me sick to my stomach.
I try to be nice to them like that idiotic packs which I won't even refer to.
They go out from Andy from Hollywood who actually who just doesn't get the message and won't stop
back. And won't stop coming by the guy the hockey game who came.
Oh, well, I just got my friend. You want to say, I'm not stopping. You're all good.
I don't want to see again ever. I can't stand you. You make me sick to my stomach.
You're an idiot. You're a professional nerd. Go the hell away.
Saturday at that hockey game, I must have had 75,000 people came by and I'm nice to every single one of them.
Most of them are pretty nice people. And some of them yes, you believe better believe I'd play grab ass with right.
Living and breathing people. Did I need to see Andy from Hollywood again or his pain in the ass for?
No. In fact, any friend of his is immediately an enemy of mine.
But this broad this bitch. This no good mother in bitch.
That's got no seriously. This is not I'm using this is pathetic.
If this audience could see how many times these two bin bats came back old broad by the old bags.
That not one of you would touch him with a ugly stick. Not even with somebody else's.
That's right. And kept coming back over and I kept thinking to myself Jesus.
I mean, isn't there an end to this? I mean, you know, we're not putting on a show.
This isn't a tap dance. This isn't the goddamn stage song of the dance routine.
This is a fundraiser for charity. And I'm donating my goddamn time, which yes, I only lived 30 seconds away for that one.
So it was great. But I'm donating my time to come out here and put on a happy face.
Meet the people in the audience, take their money and shmoos a little bit. And that's it.
And get the hell out of my face. And everybody knows that.
But she's complaining that we didn't that we didn't do what? What did she expect us to do?
That's what I would like to know when people go to book signing and there's an author there.
What's the author doing? Right? Signing the book. Not reading from the book. Just like just like when I was did that thing as a
Sogras with Dr. Rackens and we had 80 billion people lined up on the edge.
Oh, and by the way, that reminds me. See how everything goes. So anyway, I met the very nice gentleman who sits in front of me a few seats down at the hockey game.
Who's a cardiologist came over in between periods and we had some real interesting. He's a big proponent of and is on himself the Atkins that my doctor, Dr. Mark.
How do you like that? But this guy's a cardiologist.
And he's got all these patients who are on the Atkins and tell me about how their triglycerid levels come down from astronomical levels to double digits.
Like when mine came down from 300 to 66 and their cholesterol for most people comes way down and how great they're all doing on it.
Now he's doing great. And I was very impressed. I mean, when a cardiologist when a heart doctor has gotten out and he agreed with me that all this low fat stuff is the biggest scam.
It doesn't work. People are getting fatter and fatter and fatter.
But anyway, getting back to the signing of books a million with Dr. Atkins. There were all those people lined up. He didn't get up in debt. Of course, he's a hundred years old. He's a great guy, but he wasn't going to get up.
He could barely get up anyway. But I mean, he wasn't going to get up and he smooths with those people that came along and they've asked him a quick question about the diet next, you know, and that was it.
In all the years that I've been on the earth that what you just told me that is the ultimate in golf because I spent more time with those two broads with those baggy, saggy, two old broads that all the other people combined because they wouldn't go to hell away.
I signed for her whatever the hell she wanted me to sign on the card. I had a little conversation once twice. Another time she comes back. Oh, can we take a picture? She's grab it and squeeze it, which hands off. Okay, sweetheart.
Believe me. If there's anybody I want touching me, it ain't you. God.
Just that that's if you look up what's what if you look up, go on your goddamn dictionary, you'll find a picture of those two, you go to his right there. Okay, staring you in the push.
All I can say about her is that's a bit and the other one too one more time that's.
Yeah, her too. God. If you're expecting a big song in a dance, stay the hell home. Okay, when we do these things, thank God that was the last one for this year.
When I do these things in the future, if you're expecting me to get up and do a tap dance and start telling jokes and do a goddamn comedy routine and picking my nose and whatever, it ain't going to happen. How about the lambada? Yeah, yeah, we'll give you a lot of bottomy. Do the forbidden dance. Yeah, I'll give you a forbidden dance for my pants. Okay.
Another one for you, sweetheart. Just like Bernie gets it. Yeah. Sure. Far did writing her staggy old face. Okay. At no service. That's what I should have done. Here's something special. Only for you, sweetheart. Nobody else gets this. There you go.
She to probably stood there and sniffed it for half an hour. That's right. She to probably gotten off on it. Hey, here's another one. Oh.
Probably the most exciting thing that happened in her life in years that old bitch. I'm going to personally got a call my good friend, Dick Burton and fight out who these two broads are. And he won't he won't pee on the best part of either one of my guarantee that because I know dick.
Here's Cooper City. Hello. Neil. Can you believe that, sir? Neil. Yes. How you doing? Great. To honor the change of Rick and Rick and said. Rick and dad. Yeah. Great show.
So, I said to honor their movement that you were talking about. Could you play Rick Riley stole my briefcase? You bet. Okay. Thanks. And have a great life. Rick Riley stole my briefcase. We're not going to find that.
Rick Riley stole my briefcase. I like to fart in his face. That's why I mean, Dick. What gives him the right? I think his wife bought up by that off tonight.
Rick Riley stole my briefcase. What does this place do the human race? Oh, rigorous. That we love me should also include Rick Riley's.
Oh, oh, oh, oh. Rick Riley stole my briefcase. I like to fart in his face. Rick Riley, you're an asshole.
And you don't know that I think of it. This this bitch, she's the one who was the leader of the pack. She came when she was standing in front of me there for the 800th time.
And I'm signing her picture cards. The ghost of the old picture card. And she she comes and leans in front of my post and says with her trench mouth breath. She says, oh, yes. So quiet. And at that point, I should have gotten the message that she expected me to be standing up there, hopping around, jumping up and down like Rumpel Stiltskin.
This is just a radio show. Do you get it? Sweetheart? You get it? No, I didn't think so.
Man, oh, unless you was expecting us to be putting the song of the dance routine on like stuff, a step and fish it. It puts the lotion in the basket. Yeah, she didn't even get that either.
She's giving her some of that Jurgen's lotion and she could have stuffed it up her rectum. Exactly.
Man, it's just some of you people out there like a guy that's oh, I wrote my wife by this way, the P.P. Park at Adolphin game before the game years ago.
And I was just sitting there as a paid spectator and about to get ready to watch a football game. I was doing an appearance.
See, that's another thing a lot of these people, I think if I'm sitting there, if I'm in public, oh, he's doing an appearance.
When he got to do a dance for his Neil, when he's going to get up and start screaming and carrying on, guess what? I'm not. Okay.
Is it going to happen? No.
Jesus Christ almighty.
Two of the sorry looking pieces of Drek I have ever seen in my life. I would wish them on God and Hitler and God, I'm Sodom Hussein.
Come back and it's fun. The fact that they came back 14 times. I didn't, you know, I didn't say geez, are you back again?
You're back again for another rough pain in the ass to bug the crap on me. I just tolerated. Okay. I would have smiled on my face like I'm happy to see them again for the 20, 900 time.
Was I happy to see them? No. Yeah, I was happy to see them as I was to see Andy from Hollywood to hockey game.
Man, come on. Put that in show for us. Come on. You have to do a little soft, you. Now give yourself to you right in your back. Okay. You bitch.
Here's a derail. Hello. Okay. Calm down, Mr. Little Radio Show. Can you believe that? Yeah. Be cracking up your office. They wanted some kind of a spy show. I don't know what the hell he wanted. Oh my God.
I'm going to come grab as I get you are a little bit of dude. You got to spice it up a little bit. Neil. Yeah. Okay. No, here's. I'm okay. I'll face it.
But I bet you they're getting a lot of pleasure just listening. You are. Look, I don't think I got their finger with each other's rectums and probably they do right now or maybe in their own rectum. Right. That was real funny. Hey, listen, let me ask your question. Yes.
Am I correct in hearing that Rick and Spud are coming to 560 in the morning? Yeah. It's January for January 2nd. Yeah. They're coming to play the worst thing. So you know what this means? Oh, we need to fill Henry and we're back to.
I'm going to go to Ethiopia. Okay. Hey, I know you got it. Oh, man. Now those were the days. They sure were two things. First of all, I have given up sports. I don't do all on it like I used to.
I think most of the adults that do do all that basically don't have a lot of life just listen to the station. I'll hear them calling 20 hours a day. Exactly.
Yeah. No, I don't get paid to, you know, for all the aggravation that the teams put me through. So I just basically gave it up and also I haven't been going to, you know, gains. It just cost too much. It's not worth it. Yeah. The product is not all that good.
So just like to say, you're doing a great job. You have me cracking up and just to request the request number one, the Elvis Christmas wish. And number two for good old Mac McGuire. I saw it on the radio.
Okay. Thanks a lot. And have a great. One 26. Why? 740. Woo. Some guy came in about 200 bucks with a crack. Wow. So that is 280s 414 109,644% of why we doing it up there in Boka. 27 after one at 560 WQ.
And he has a lot of cuts. Oh, gee. Like a very much. As there is the team. I know I haven't been around much for a while, but I want y'all to know what up here in Rock and Roll Heaven. Although thinking of it, this Christmas.
And I have to give y'all a special Christmas message. A message of peace. Like how about a little Christmas that's how I go about.
I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I
'm going to go to the next one. I'm about to hit and. I'll pass you to the next one. I'll pass you to the next one. Now I've been here. Now I've been here. Now I've been here. Now I've been here. That's a good win match. I'm about to hit and. I'll pass you to the next one. Take 1st. Take 1st. Take 1st. Take 1st. Take 1st. Take 1st. Take 1st. Take 1st. Take 1st. Take 1st. Take 1st. Take 1st. Take 1st. Take 1st. Give me a leg life. Give me a leg life. Give me a leg dead. Again. Give me a leg help quickly. Give me a leg help quickly. Give me a leg help right now. Give me a leg death too. Give me one leg die. Give me a leg help quickly. Give me a leg bad off easy. Give me a leg help quickly. Give me a leg. Give me
Speaking of season, you won't pass me that self-sugar when you get the chance.
Like it.
Yeah, just, just unscrew the cover.
That's what I'm saying.
Like I'm going to miss you.
So this Christmas, why don't y'all take a tip from old A.O.s?
Not on a legal state-tank black warrior, you know what I mean?
No, I appreciate it, I'm fine.
I want you to remember, for all part of guys, they're a big family.
And you know what God made men into his own image.
And look at the mirror, I'd have to say God must be a big, big skin of a gun.
You know what I mean?
I like you dear.
But especially once y'all remember this one last thing.
You know all this whomever is Christmas, springing that popcorn up on the tree, save
a big, big bowl for the can.
Extra butter, you know what I mean?
I like you dear.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
I like you.
133 at 560 WK.
I'm just simmering.
I'm just steaming thinking about those two obnoxious disgusting pin-of-the-as-broth.
I hope they both wake up like tomorrow morning.
It's an act of, uh, good.
And find like a, like a plague of locusts in there.
Like a bunch of bedbugs deep inside there.
Right.
There you go.
Just incredible.
Just unconscionable.
That she would go out of her way to call you to give you a song and a dance.
Like we were supposed to put a big, oh yes, there's no one.
She called to get the address so that she could send you the dick, pertin CD.
Yeah.
4.2, uh, what's up?
Well guess what?
Keep the dick, pertin CD, okay?
I'll get it from my good friend dick.
We don't need any, uh, stick it in your, there you go.
Yeah, the other part was a, by the way, as they know.
Right.
By the way, you guys are really lame.
In person.
Maybe that's why we're on a radio.
Maybe, maybe the sure-to-like they've gone to a micronary remote, which Mike, when
he used to do those appearances, would hide in the back of the place and keep looking
at his watch to see how much longer till he got out of there since he hated meeting
people like boys and, which he's a radio guy, okay?
At least I sit right there, uh, by the guy at the table putting a smile on my push.
And most of the people are pretty damn nice, and I'm, I mean, what's wrong with that?
But Jesus, Joseph and goddamn Esther for crying out loud.
We're pretty lame.
Well guess what?
Don't come back again.
In fact, why don't you ladies get a loaf of Andy from Hollywood, okay?
That sounds like a winner to me.
Oh!
That's probably the best you'll ever get.
What you ain't saying much.
Wait till the Chinese girlfriend of his wife is up to what an asshole he is.
She'll dump him in a heartbeat.
Here's North Miami.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay.
Hey, amigo, uh, listen, you imagine having sex with those broads?
No, I could not.
I don't think anything else alive can imagine either.
Listen, I just want to say.
I don't think he's a Wonder Woman can imagine.
I just want to say happy holidays to you and, uh, to all my two by 14 mates out there,
and I got a couple of requests if I may.
Yes.
Uh, big black guy named Ben, or I said, Carl Armstrong, sister, and Vita one.
Okay.
Listen.
Yes.
I want to call somebody a douchebag.
I got to do this.
Mike, ultimate textiles.
You still a douchebag, man.
We love you.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
You were asking the car, motherfucker.
It's simple to use.
Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out and he does
the rest.
Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car Ben simply gets out of the car and
tells them you're away from the car motherfucker.
Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben.
It's always nice to have someone to ride with although he really doesn't say much just you
I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with.
It got him to protect my car.
It's the best investment I've ever made.
My name is Edith and I create.
There have been a lot of car thefts.
I can't tell you how many times I've heard
it were from the car, mother f*****.
Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben
protecting my car, let's me sleep better at night.
Calm down, 1-800-1 big guy.
That's 1-800-1-BIG-GUI.
And instead of hearing this.
You'll hear this.
Get away from the car, mother f*****.
While spending the remainder of your golden years
in the land of Ben, the one thing you have to depend on is your car.
With two canoe thefts on the rise,
the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Car alarm.
Now bring you an old Jewish guy named ISIS.
Get away from my quarter of the hill.
You fake and the F.
Remember when we used to post a packet of carabines?
We ought to get a bundle of the dish made.
The white ones are cooler.
Get away from my quarter of the hill.
You fake and the F.
What the hell is that?
I object seriously.
So fattening like that.
I think somebody's got it.
Get away from my quarter of the hill.
You fake and the F.
Get away from my quarter of the hill.
You fake and the F.
Whenever some fat tries to steal my car,
I feel fat with an old Jewish guy named ISIS.
Get away from my quarter of the hill.
You fake and the F.
Get your old Jewish guy named ISIS and the F.
And receive a free flower antenna.
Get away from my quarter of the hill.
You fake and the F.
And hold Jewish guy named ISIS and the car alarm.
I will be able to blow it all their storage.
I hope that each one of those broads
wakes up in the morning and finds 60 pounds
of dingalberries hanging from each spectrum.
How do you like that?
Oh, they already were?
I didn't realize because I wasn't paying.
I didn't look close enough.
OK, thank God and who the hell would in the right mind.
22 till 2 at 5 60 WQN.
It's what's the lotion in the basket.
I find up a lady's agenda
but just seeing the world's biggest sooner.
Now it's all around.
Herpes positive.
Warhead.
Yeah, yeah.
A woman who's good, rough, and one of her dreams.
A man and Jesus push, my fucking rod asked me.
They look like two big headlights.
I thought like a deer.
I close my eyes and say my calories she came in.
The bacon's in my fingers.
I've been got through mom.
A woman is that for wonders and made some silly guys.
In arm.
This ****.
In arm.
This ****.
Oh, right.
I'm just gonna help think and think.
Don't throw the kid in arm.
This ****.
In arm.
This ****.
When I had a bunch of dollars when I went to the space,
I just where they went to smile on the home door space.
There was thinking doctors and candy can't allow
parents hiding their rotors.
Got some like a boat.
If they had a baby and fed it from their breasts,
they better buy that kid a really good life.
That's in arm.
This ****.
Oh.
In arm.
This ****.
I've just got help think and think.
I'm just from a kid.
In arm.
This ****.
In arm.
This ****.
144, 560 W2M.
So 820 bucks over there to Amaco station up there in Boca.
On the southeast corner of what is it of a glades and butts rose?
820 bucks with about 15 minutes to go.
We can come real close to a thousand.
We can get like right on the edge of it.
And just about 10 grand.
We've raised so far just with the event going out there.
Oh, there's Boca Brian.
Oh.
I just thought I mentioned that for that one guy out there that hates
Boca Brian like you're in the stick and it was pinned to the
voodoo bell right now.
Boca Brian's here and he's still alive.
So our grand total is 109,724.
We still some of the borders there was not even reporting yet for last week.
So we are doing swimmingly well.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
We're doing it.
In spite of all the detractors out there, this corrosive radio show is still
a reason to money for a good cause where we be doing it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
You hear that?
That was good.
That worked real well.
Okay, sweetheart.
She said you big ****.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
I'm not sure if you're talking about that.
Before we have any more speakers of the house resign.
It's a beautiful thing.
Here's Key Largo.
Hey, Neil. How are you?
Great.
Let me say hello to our friends and throwing around my wife today.
How about that?
How about that?
Okay, Neil.
How about you going to take care of that?
Much like an understanding, yes?
I can.
My congratulations on you.
I'm a fundraising saying it.
Thank you very much.
I'm a thank you.
Great is ingrate.
And happy holidays.
And back to you.
And can I hear a police scare me bad?
What is it?
Yeah, for that.
The one that says that the American is the son of a police scare me bad.
A police scare me bad.
No, police.
So my part.
Yeah, it's all on his own.
I know the other side.
Okay.
All right.
Okay.
So I usually came by the way.
Several times, got my part.
And maybe you take good off with your part.
You get something done.
Police, get my part.
Police, get my part.
Oh, police, get my part.
Oh, yes, then I have quite a lot.
All right.
Police, get my part.
Police, get my part.
But that's all right with me.
The ticket was free without a car.
Oh, I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
All I got
Police got my pun
Police got my pun
Police got my pun
They put me in a parking lot
I wanna wish them a Merry Christmas
I wanna wish them a Merry Christmas
I wanna wish them a Merry Christmas
I wanna wish them a Merry Christmas
I wanna wish them a Merry Christmas
I got news for next year
when we do our first appearance
we're gonna really spruce it up
we'll make sure that Volka Brian is there
and like sitting in the back with a real depressed look on his face
That'll get them even
You know what I'm saying?
Well that Volka is sitting in the corner back there with the Stumbnail's Puss
with a real, real depressed Moabai look on his Puss
like his catchers that they
pantaloonies
Yeah like that, that would be good
Just to serve those two
because they'll come back
You know that, don't you?
They'll come back
They'll like that jackass Andy from Hollywood
It's like a cat
It's like a dumb cat
You kick it in the ass
You throw it against the wall
And it still comes back
And you wanna know why?
Because it's dum
dumb
920
Woo!
Okay we need 80 bucks in the next 10 minutes up there in Volka
We got 920
We got 109,824
In fact if we did 176 bucks
we would have 110 grand
Which I'm sure we already have but we'd have it official
80 more for 10 grand from the van
And 80 dollars more for
Okay 80 more for 1000 today
And 80 more for 10 grand from the van
10 grand from the van
Yeah there you go
Is that what you're just singing 10 grand from the van?
151 at 560 WQM
Come on let's do a dance for those two bitches up there
Come on
No!
