Sport Radio 560W QAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
What a show!
A show called 567's Firo 560 toll free for date and rarer or pound 560 on your cell phone.
Every opinion of Neil, his guest, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM
Beasley Read Acquisitions or the Beasley Broadcast Group now.
Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
I've been suffering with the swelling and the itching and all of the pain that goes along with it for several months now.
And I've tried everything from sit-spats to depositories and nothing has worked.
And amazingly enough, the only thing that has worked has been Neil Rogers.
Just by listening to one show, all the itching has stopped, the pain has gone away and the swelling has really dissipated.
And it's all because of Neil Rogers.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Squirt, Squirt.
Correct.
All right.
I can see how there was some confusion between humor, door and unit horror.
And then I can saw the term Cesar Bach means saw her naked stars reportedly to go in blind.
Now, please, he was working hard late nights in the overrear fence working on the practical joke.
It took a maximum noodle for an explode in loading for mine and it was blowing rings the smoke.
There's a garden moniker's vagina.
She let's start a giggle.
Every time he makes it we go.
Moniker is not the kind you can do in the behind.
But a cigar and herb a giant, a she's all mine.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
All right.
And then I can see how there was a garden moniker's vagina.
She let's start a giggle.
Every break and time he makes it we go.
Moniker is not the kind you can do in the behind.
Breakfast.
Car and herb a giant, a she's all mine.
Oh, it's a lovely thing, 10.04.560WQ.
I'm happy in New Year to you. Happy Monday, December 28th,
boy, if we got to deal this week, huh? Woo!
We got like no spots. We got nothing. Everybody's out of town.
It's going to be great. This is kind of like, you know,
when everybody goes away and everybody can just kind of play.
Love Lindsay, he's out of town.
So we can just kind of dittle around here all week, I guess.
Even George is near today.
George is down trying to prove he's a citizen.
What is that all about? He said he had to go to the INS office
for illegal aliens, something or other.
He said he had to take his guia beira and his plantains down to the INS
building up this can in 79th and go, I think he's got to go.
I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go.
For about 10 minutes and prove that he's something.
I don't know, an illegal alien, which we already knew that in the first place.
So Joe Castellos here this week, I got God if I got a lot of crap.
Thank God for that, because we got no spots.
Well, that's going to be the same.
We go from one extreme to the other.
We went from too many goddamn spots for about the last six months
so that length of listenership is in the...
Oh, speaking of crap or before I get to the good stuff,
guess what I broke this morning?
The first time in my life, I have ever done this.
Momentous day, took me all these years.
The first time I've ever done this.
You know, I don't know about you, but after I take a shower,
and I'm like, I'm touting myself off,
and I put my legs and my feet up on the toilet.
What are you looking at me like that?
When you're drying yourself, where do you put your legs up?
I'm too old in fact to bend down to dry my legs off.
What do you do?
Lift them up in the air.
Put them on the toilet or you rest your leg against the toilet seat
and you dry your leg off.
Is that unusual?
I don't think so.
So at any rate, I put my right leg against the toilet.
Now, all of a sudden, I hear, yeah.
And the toilet seat has like broken from the mooring.
You know, the right side of it has broken off the mooring.
I think it's appropriate that it's 1998 goes out,
that it's time for a new toilet seat in the Rogers house.
The first time in my life, I've ever...
It's not even something I ever think about,
is replacing a toilet seat.
Do you think about it?
Is it something that ever crossed your mind replacing a toilet seat?
No, of course not.
Does anybody in their right mind think about replacing a toilet seat?
Yes.
Well, maybe he does.
So that's on the agenda for this week.
So anyway, let me start with this story.
I'll give you five clues as to who I took to dinner.
Now, what night was that?
Was that Wednesday night?
Thursday night.
At Roots Chris take-off.
I'll give you 20 guesses.
They stuck.
Yeah, the rumors.
And more sitting there, of course,
the reminiscing about the last time I took them to dinner
there a few months ago.
And of course, naturally, was expecting to pay.
And the people at Roots Chris were wonderful.
Over there, four lot are now.
That's me, we love you.
And they brought over a real nice card.
And it said that we always love to have you down with us.
Please enjoy the acceptance meal on the compliment.
In other words, it was a freebie.
And rumors lying at the time was,
save the card for next time.
So anyway, rumors says we'll pick you up around the quarter to five,
whatever on Thursday.
And it shows a limousine in my driveway.
A big stretch limo.
A big mother stretch limo shows up in the driveway.
Well, you think you paid for it?
No.
I doubt it.
So anyway, the limo takes us over there to Roots Chris.
We have our usual spectacular meal.
I mean, a rib either would just knock your socks off.
Just delicious.
And at the end of the meal, naturally, I whip out my American Express
platinum card and sit it down there on the table.
And now we start, the three of us,
rumor and I start reminiscing about that night when they brought the card.
And the meal was on the house and his line about,
save the card for next time.
And we're laughing about this.
And just as we're starting to laugh hysterically about it,
one of the assistant managers, not very nice lady, comes over.
And she hands me a card instead.
And she pushes my credit card away.
And she says, we always love having you with her.
And at that point, of course, I knew what it was.
We all knew what it was.
So now I'm laughing uncontrollably.
I'm making an ass out of myself because I can't stop laughing.
I'm saying, thank you.
I like that.
You know, and I open up the card.
Only they wise up this time because they dated it.
It says December 98, happy holidays, met me, you've been in staff.
In other words, I don't think we could use this card again like in February.
We'd probably not go over too big because it says December 98, happy holidays.
We don't have too many important days in February except maybe Groundhog Day and Lincoln and whatever else.
So there you go, rumor.
Oh my god, this man.
And then of course comes time to leave the tip.
I mean, you're going to leave a tip if they pick up the check.
So I go into my wallet and I figure, well, for the three of us, it may have been about 150 bucks.
I'm going to leave 20%.
I tip in a good restaurant 20%.
Minimum.
Anybody who goes into a good restaurant gets great food, good service and leaves less than 20%.
You're a cheap bastard, okay?
You're a cheap prick.
Because if you can afford to go out of a restaurant like that and eat, then you can afford to leave a good tip.
So at any rate, so I'm going to leave 30 bucks.
So I got a 20 and I don't have the right change.
And I'm fiddling around in my wallet and I said to Rimmer, I said, well, here, why don't you leave five bucks, okay?
At least you can do your cheap bastard.
And he manages to find four singles in there.
Nice going, Rimmer.
Oh!
Four old crusty ruffled up crumpled that he's probably had for the last 30 years.
They stopped.
Yeah, they did.
They probably had to jam on him.
He's been hanging on him so long.
They had wallet what?
He's had him in his pocket so long.
So nice going, Rimmer.
You're still a cheap bastard.
Great letter to the editor and a paper this morning.
This shows you that we're in South Florida.
This isn't a hero, by the way.
It says of hecoons and called well.
Only in South Florida would, first of all, would anybody write a letter to the editor like this?
Maybe in Ipsilanti, Michigan.
Maybe in Lima, Ohio.
Somebody might write a letter to the editor like this.
And they would actually put it in the paper.
That's the most amazing part.
I'm sure they get lots of wacky letters to the editor.
Just like we get a lot of scurry faxes.
But anybody with a brain doesn't put garbage and newspaper.
But the hero they love garbage.
So they put a little heading on this letter.
It says of hecoons and called well.
Excuse me, it says.
But the late governor, Lawton Charles, was not the original hecoon.
That was the late Bob Sykes, a US representative from the Panhandle.
I was the administrative assistant to Mr. Sykes predecessor, Millard F. Caldwell,
who also served as federal civil defense administrator.
Governor-in-chief justice of the Florida Supreme Court.
And he was one of the few never defeated while running for office in Florida.
signed William C. Martin and Coral Gables.
Well, how do we, Mr. Martin and Coral Gables?
Are we impressed? No, or what?
The guy just croaked a few days ago, okay?
The governor of the state just died.
Just croaked.
And this guy's going to say, well, excuse me.
But he wasn't the original hecoon.
People writing letters to the editor about who was the original hecoon.
If I was the original hecoon, I'd probably try to hide it.
I would not run around saying, hey, maybe Lamar Thomas is the original hecoon.
Huh?
Well, maybe he's just the latest and the long list of hecoons.
After that, the act he put on yesterday, what did you call it?
The Dirty Bird?
Yeah, Joe Cohn, the Dirty Bird.
I call it the despotetic.
The animal gets started on this.
It's the holidays.
It's that time of the year.
We're supposed to be nice.
We're supposed to lie a lot and pretend that these things don't bother us.
It bothers me tremendously.
I mean enormously.
Even if a team is winning, I don't understand.
I've never been able to understand this.
Maybe I just don't understand black folk.
Maybe I just don't understand black folk of that ilk.
Maybe there's just a certain category.
And how come anybody ever seen a baseball player do it?
No.
Never, ever, black, white, green, Chinese.
Never, ever saw a baseball player do one of those chuck-and-give horseball.
Can you imagine Willie Mayes hits a home run?
He circles the bases and he's just running around the bases.
He's shaking his booty, baby.
He's doing the Dirty Bird.
Yeah, he's doing this.
I mean, people would be riding in a stance.
They would say, what are you doing, Willie?
And I hate to use these words, okay?
But I'll use them because this is exactly what goes through my mind.
I'm the only one in this town that's got the balls to say it like it is.
As soon as I see somebody go through those kind of gyrations
and that kind of horsecraft, even if it is a game running touchdown,
and it's always a black guy that does it, by the way,
always a black football player in NFL.
I'm saying to myself, this guy is a professional nigger.
It's what he is.
And that's what everybody in America is thinking themselves.
Even black people are looking at that.
Oh, my God, he's acting like a real chuck-and-give nigger.
And that's what it is.
And you can tell me that I'm full of crap or that I'm bigoted.
Hey, that's just the impression I get when I see that.
White guys, they score a touchdown.
Has anybody ever seen a white guy score a touchdown
and go to one of those song-and-a-dance?
Never.
Ever in my life.
So in other words, we have two different sets of behaviors
depending on the color of your skin.
And we're also supposed to be all this crap,
but overall equal and yoddy, all that other bullcraft.
I don't understand that.
And this wasn't, first of all, was like a catch-and-midfield.
The dolphins are down 21 and nothing.
It was a rather meaningless catch.
And here's the celebration going on.
Like we just want to guide him, Super Bowl.
And nobody will talk about that.
And then I hear a little dog this morning,
jode, a tenaciously defending lemur.
Oh, he's trying to fire up the team because
Pitched off gets him a fired representational.
Right.
He could have put a shotgun up there as
and he still wouldn't have fired them up, okay?
They had no chance.
Less than no chance.
And even though I don't talk football, I didn't show it since I'm...
Again, you know, I don't know what's wrong with the people
on the station, but I don't want to tell it like it is.
A couple of weeks ago, what was it?
Marino's a four millionth of the career touchdown pass.
And everybody screamed.
And oh, well, Jimmy didn't go, you know, he didn't really
give him the credit.
Well, the reason he didn't give him the credit is because
that he needs to have the like poison.
Why is it...
If this is the sports station, how come, you know,
how easy it is to win a championship or to achieve what they're
hoping to achieve, like go deep into the playoffs,
when a quarterback, the star quarterback, who's been here
500 years, and they had coach Hayne each other like poison.
And that's not something I'm making up.
It's a fact.
I want somebody to call little dog tomorrow, who's Danny Marino's
best buddy who I think still showers with him on weekends.
I want somebody to call him tomorrow and challenge him to deny that.
That Dan Marino and Jimmy Johnson despise each other.
Hate.
Now, how the hell are they going to go anywhere?
But I don't want to give him that part of it.
I just want somebody to explain to me what that dirty bird is all about.
What is that?
Are black athletes like some kind of a different creature than what athletes?
Is that evidently...
Well, what is that?
In fact, some of the teams, I mean, you're called Redskins and the four-sem-49ers.
Some teams have had...
In fact, speaking of 49ers, have I ever seen Jerry Rice do that when he scores a touchdown?
No.
Huh?
But some teams have like these...
It's just like somebody must come in and choreograph it.
They must choreograph a whole routine that these guys go through.
Like, uh, who was it?
Was it the Bengals?
Which team was the thing where they were like rolling the dice?
They were doing the make-believe deal in the air?
Meanwhile, this line of continues.
Oh, I'm hearing pops and clicks and pews.
What are they doing back there?
Are we still on the air?
No.
What the hell is going on with the ISD in line here all of a sudden this morning?
Josh Friedman says the ISD on F-Dub.
So what does that mean?
It's just a...
Small problem.
We're back on the air now.
What do you mean we're back on here?
We were off the air?
The first time you heard it, we were off the air.
Oh, great.
Alright, here we are.
It's the holidays.
It's December 28th.
We're sitting here.
We're just rolling along.
Singing a song.
No pressure.
No spots.
No nothing.
It's like a week that doesn't even exist, basically.
It's like you can't look around and say,
how come we're here?
And already, it's not even 10-30.
It's already been off the air once and we're going to try for a few more times.
There you go.
Nice going.
Maybe we got to make a New Year's resolution that we can keep all the shows on the air.
All the way through just one day in 1999.
Wouldn't that be great?
Oh!
All the shows.
Just one day out of the New Year.
We can keep them all on the air without losing the line,
without having technical scrubs.
Just one day in 1999.
But would that make us happier?
So anyway, it's all requests we can get right through Thursday and of course Friday.
Are we going to be here on Friday?
No.
No way, Jose.
New Year's Day, we got football.
We got more football and you can handle.
That's right.
That's where it is.
Right up the old shoe.
We got football until it's coming out your ears.
So we'll just kind of like, you know, pamphlets for the rest of the week.
And I can see already based on the phone here,
we are going to get a tremendous response this week.
Yeah, there's nobody in town.
Anybody with a brain got there a lot of here.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
10, 17, and QAM.
It's a life, I am not.
I'm not sick.
I know someone that can do the sandwich or food.
Take off that skinny check.
The skin is check, I know.
Your future is bleak.
That heroin cheek.
You got to lay off the blow.
Hate, mobs, that skinny chick.
We want to know what's the deal.
The clothes that grab when you're in rehab.
You're worse than alley McBeal.
Okay, 20 after 10 at 5, 60, WQM.
Happy New Year from all your friends here at 5, 60.
Hank will be a chula's at 2 o'clock.
And then it's all a gildy all night, I guess.
We got gildy at 6, we got gildy with a pregame at 7.
And then at 7, 30, we got the Panthers and the Islanders 7, 30 at the Macarena.
And I'll be there, baby.
I'll be there with bells on.
Expecting a god only knows what.
By the way, thanks to the Sun Sentinel and thanks not.
Okay, one out of two ain't bad.
Actually, in yesterday's paper, they wrote something very nice and positive about me.
Although on Saturday, they had a little bit of a time, a little bit of a brain fart at the Sun Sentinel.
At the top of the lively living end arts and part section in Saturday's paper,
it says under quick read in the upper right hand corner.
This is this past Saturday, December 26th, and day after Christmas.
Harold.
Oh, this is in the Harold.
Oh, excuse me.
Like I said, we love the Sun Sentinel.
We still hate the Harold.
Thank you, Joe, for pointing that out to me.
I should have known the Sun Sentinel even as incompetent,
even as inept as they sometimes are.
Couldn't be that stupid.
The Harold going really the extra five yards to promote Neil and his set of one campaign.
Quick read, radio personality Neil Ranges mix in appearance to raise funds to help people with age
from noon to 2pm at borders books to 1.2171 by sunrise.
Bull of our plantations.
That's in Saturday's hero.
The only problem is that that appearance was the week before in plantations.
The 19th.
So better late than never, but in this case,
nice job over there, OK?
Boy, is that it?
You know, Hank's always talking about all the mistakes they have like on the sports pages.
All the pages, just loaded with mistakes.
They haven't got an idea what the week it is over there.
In addition to which lately, I don't know if you've noticed,
maybe it's the holidays or maybe they're just getting real lazy.
But when you get the brown edition of the Harold,
if you look in a sports section, even early games,
oh, incomplete, incomplete, what does that mean?
Well, they must be putting the newspaper to bet about 7.38 o'clock at night over there.
Like on a regular basis, not just the holidays, like they have to day you get this now.
Hey, we don't care.
We got a monopoly.
Don't bother us.
We're busy pandering.
Leave us alone.
But as opposed to that in the sun,
certainly yesterday,
as if this is a great newspaper,
but I guess relatively speaking, it's better.
Arts and leisure.
Stranger than fiction.
Here's a whole big thing by Tom Lajica on TV and Tim Smith on Classical.
And it doesn't really give any credit,
but I'm assuming Jikas Fine Hand must be in the thing in the middle of this,
the 1998 Rear and Review.
Anybody out there check their Rear Raccoon Review?
And it goes on about the President that took Senator Sey,
stayed with his engrossing political soap opera,
and Seinfeld went away in Sinatra in the Titanic.
And in the last paragraph that says,
at least radio offered one bright light,
shining glimmer of hope.
What does it say?
One bright shining glimmer of hope.
After a six month absence,
Neo-Rajas resurfaced on WQAM.
And abbreviated version of Roger's show also briefly aired
on Barry Diller's Upstart WANI TV,
which came to South Beach with a mandate to showcase local programming.
But WANI failed miserably,
and it's half-hearted at best quest to establish Rogers'
and the viable alternative to 24-hour mash reruns.
The abortive experiment just gave Uncle Leo one more media blunder,
about which to fetch,
and welcome their fleeting respite from Wild Bill's follies.
How do you like that?
It's up to Nice and the Sun sent a little help.
And they also said that the WANI experiment was a disaster,
and they're right.
What a piece of garbage-dack thing.
And I have no regrets.
I'm glad we had the opportunity to be honored,
because maybe we got four or five new listeners from that TV show.
So you talk about a half-assed incompetent,
and this is what Barry Diller,
he brings down two guys that never worked in their lives
in television before.
Oh, it makes me a television station.
That's like that corny old joke, you know,
make me a mullet.
Okay, poof, you're a mullet, you know.
Okay, poof, you're...
Here's the television station.
Maddie and Binky, okay?
A couple of bozos,
a couple of illegal aliens who smuggled in from the Gaza strip.
And it comes to South Beach like they know something about this town.
They know anything about it.
No, of course not.
And they put that garbage on the inner still.
I know numbers.
But they do have the heat games.
Anybody seen any heat games on their yet?
No.
They got the Marlin games.
See any Marlin games yet?
No.
They're doing it.
So thanks a lot guys.
Grammy really put me on the map.
And by interestingly enough, has there been any change?
You know, the numbers come in, the trends, the ratings,
month and month out.
Has there been any change?
Any thing that we can link with having that TV show on when?
No.
No.
Have we seen up or down or...
No.
...nothing?
Any kind of an inkling in a research that maybe we found a new,
a few new listeners because of being on that TV thing.
No.
Nothing.
Oh, did they have any idea what they're doing over there?
No.
No.
Thank you.
Okay, here's a mobile and homestead, our first call of the week.
Hello?
Hello.
Hello, homestead.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, how are you doing?
I'm sorry to sneak up on you like that.
That's all right.
I just been enjoying your show here.
Just wanted to tell you that over the Christmas holiday here,
we had all the family together.
And then we're talking about
different stars and everything else.
Oh, I've got this one's autographed from my sister on in a piece.
But then she said, well, I got Neil Rogers autographed.
Wow.
Woo!
And oh, yeah, it was kind of funny because all of a sudden my other brother
and four already else said, well, I listen to him all the time.
I have his tapes and three out of the four of his hat, your tapes.
And you know, because you really don't discuss, you know,
like who you listen to radio.
But, you know, God bless you.
I really enjoy them.
They are super.
Yes, they are.
And it puts the lotion in the basket.
That's it.
That's what I wanted to request in a little while.
Because you had me and the sterics the other day at a red light.
And there are people looking at.
I couldn't go laughing.
That is really a steric moment.
Okay, I'll play in a little bit.
But I do play it.
Everybody in the car wants you to roll your windows down
and crank it up as loud as you can.
All right.
And also about your comment about the dancing at the end of a test.
Now, I want to hear from people.
Maybe it's just me.
Maybe they're just a handful of us who are bigots or whatever it is.
And they're just old-fashioned.
I am so nauseated by that.
It makes me physically ill.
I get sick to my stomach.
And I'm embarrassed for these assholes when they go out there and do it.
Well, in college, they'll get them a fine, I mean, like a panel or whatever.
And, you know, in the pros, I mean, you don't see alignment when he blocks his man.
He gets paid to do that.
A running back is paid to catch the ball.
Right.
You get paid to run the ball.
When he makes a test down, I don't think it should be able to do that.
I don't see anybody else doing it.
It's just, you know, when you do your job right in mind,
I don't jump them down.
Yeah, when a rating book comes in and we get like a real good rating,
I was yours and I don't get up here and start doing the dirty board, you know?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, we don't start doing that.
Like, we just came out of the parish jungle or something.
Right, I don't think so.
You know, if you want to do that, go doing a bathroom or something.
But, I mean, man, I don't know how.
On your book and toilet seat, right?
You got it.
I mean, it's kind of ridiculous.
I normally don't watch football with a sick yesterday.
And just watching TV on a couch there.
Yeah, that was disgusting.
But one thing about that came, at least there was no stress or pressure anyway.
After the first eight minutes, it was all over.
So it was stress-free, you know?
Right, and at the end of the night, I was watching the Cardinals game
when the guy kicked the fuel for one of the fuel bill.
I mean, that was great.
If you didn't see him, do you want the dirty bird?
No.
You put them down.
No, he's the white guy.
And not only that, by the way, of course, all of the kickers are white guys anyway.
So I can't think in all of my life, I can't think of a black place kicker in the National Football League.
Can't think of one.
Oh, neither can I.
But I think we ought to have one.
And after they make the 61-yard field goal or whatever it might be to win the game in the last two seconds,
let's see if the NFL field goal kicker or a place kicker is going to do the same thing, the dirty bird.
Yeah, I agree with you.
But anyway, you got my family listen to you all except one.
And I think he's a douchebag anyway.
Okay, have a great day.
Have a great day.
Have a great day.
Happy New Year.
Okay, we have an open line of day two and powered 5.6705.60,
0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's got to be just me.
I mean, we've talked about this before, but it's disgusting.
It's nauseating.
It's puking-ducing.
What is that routine?
And you go in and you have to, or even, I'll give you a better one than that.
Receiver catches the ball with a 20-yard line.
He's got nobody beats nothing but green between him and the end zone.
He's going in for sure for the score.
And now all of a sudden, he slows down and he does the high step into the end zone.
There's another one of those deals.
Oh, he missed talent, man.
I missed talent.
No, you're an asshole is what you are.
You're an asshole.
You're a professional athlete that's getting paid probably millions of dollars to go out there
and do a job and entertain the public.
If we want to go see that kind of crap, we'll go see the guy at the Bolshoi Ballet or something.
We'll go, whatever.
But I mean, just give me a break.
It is so claseless and so tacky and so stupid.
And so, I mean, you talk about sitting back, similar rights of 100 years.
It really does.
And I don't care what anybody says.
You can call me a bigot, whatever you want.
But that's what I think.
When I see somebody do that, I'm thinking to myself, what a f***ing nigger, man.
That's exactly what's going through my mind.
And I'm one of the few people in this goddamn country of hypocrites.
It's got the balls to come here on the air.
And tell you that's what's going through my mind.
So if you think you're impressed by anybody by doing that kind of,
you can enjoy it in dirty bird bull crap.
You're full of crap.
And of course, if the coaches had any control over these guys,
which most of them don't, they'd say, you know,
ease up a little bit on the bull crap, okay,
because it's pretty goddamn embarrassing.
Plus, we're getting our ass kicked.
Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I appreciate you doing the center one thing.
I'm not talking about football right now.
I went to center one.
I'm sorry, I went to borders on Saturday.
Right.
And they don't have any more tapes.
They said they sent them all back.
This is borders and having chura.
And I want to know where to get your tapes in a shirt.
What do you mean they sent them all back?
That's what I couldn't understand.
I went in there and they said, we don't have many more.
We sent them back to center one.
Borders and aventura.
I thought we had like three days to go here this way.
That's what I thought.
Well, you can call center ones the easiest way.
It's five six three.
Five six three.
It's the Howard number.
Five six three, thirty six hundred.
Okay, so have your shirts rolled up.
Yes, they do.
Okay, sounds good.
And they'll mail them.
Yes, sir.
All right. And shameless request.
Yes, go ahead.
My wife left town with a banana.
Okay.
Okay, great. Thank you.
Two.
Two.
No, we sent.
So they sent it back.
Well, maybe maybe we're all done.
Are we done?
Does anybody know?
No.
Does anybody have any idea?
Are we done?
I'm sure the fan ain't going out this week.
Huh?
Sam and Christian, those go, they're not going out this week.
Are they?
No.
I don't know.
But they did a great job for us, by the way.
I do want to say that.
Sam and, well, mostly Chris, they did a great job for us last two weeks.
Getting that Q&A fan out there.
Raised about 10, 11, 12 extra grand.
We had $124,000 per cent of all my left here on Thursday.
Does anybody know how we're doing now?
No.
Well, it's a holiday week.
Just ease off.
Relax.
Back off a little bit.
Just to do the dirty bird.
That's it.
I just got a great idea.
That's what we're going to do with the hockey game tonight.
I mean, the wave is out.
Okay.
Let's stop doing something that went out 20 years ago every place else.
Let's, for once be innovators.
Let's be frontwaters instead of just...
Yeah.
Let's all sit there and do the dirty bird.
Like we're going to, we're going to fly away.
Okay.
Like we're starting our own goddamn soft-floor to airlines.
Right.
Hey, here you go.
I'll fly away.
And some of us just might be able to do it, by the way.
Let's do that when they put that to care about us tonight.
When they shoot you with the Macarena tonight.
That's right.
Do a little dirty bird.
By the way, anybody ever see a hockey player score a goal and do that now?
I'm not sure if it's possible to do the dirty bird on skates.
That I don't know.
I somehow, I can't imagine Peter Wohl well doing that.
Nor can I imagine him scoring a goal either, by the way.
So I don't think we'll ever have the opportunity to see that happen.
But I mean like a real, like Mike Greer, who's a black player on Edmonton.
You know, Mike scores a goal every now and then.
I don't imagine that he or like a famous Amos there on, you know,
from Michigan State, Amos, and Carl, I was called a famous Amos.
And Carl, he scores a lot of goals.
I don't think Andes and Carl, after he scores a goal, does the dirty bird?
No.
I don't think so.
Not yet.
Now, maybe we can introduce that.
It's, you know, break up a lot of the board.
Because we've had some real bad games this year at the Macarena,
the National Car Rectal Center, not to mention that Washington Game last Thursday.
Oh, by the way, don't forget.
Always a good idea of these home games.
Bring yourself a little pen flashlight and some good reading material.
Oh, and you know where the good food is.
By the way, the good food I find out is up on the second level.
Which I'm not sure how you get up there.
But I discover that the good they have like penny pasta with sausage or chicken.
They've got all kinds of good stuff on the second level.
The food on the first level down the arena.
Oh, God.
Your dog wouldn't eat it.
But on the second level, if you find somebody to sneak up there, that's where the good stuff is.
Hey, speaking of good stuff to put in your push, by the way, Ben and Jerry's ice cream.
It's a revolution.
And the good part of the news is it's all over the world now.
Not only in Amsterdam, but everywhere you go, there is Ben and Jerry's up the old breakfast home game, man.
It's everywhere.
Because people have discovered, hey, you know, if you're going to have ice cream, if you're going to put all that sugar in your mouth,
and you're going to have a real enjoyable experience, it might as well be the best in the world.
And that's what Ben and Jerry's is.
Not just your boring ordinary, you know, I'm going to leave the boring flavors to boring people.
And there are many of you out there who are boring.
Okay, you like vanilla, you like butter, pecans, great, more pox, strawberry, it's old, it's boring.
But if you want to put great ice cream in your mouth, Ben and Jerry's makes unbelievable flavors like fish food.
Chocolate ice cream with loads and loads of gooey caramel marshmallow and little chocolate pieces shaped like fish swimming around inside of it.
And they also make fish stick to tie the over in between pints.
They've also got great flavors that are unduplicated anywhere in the world like Kirigarcia and chocolate Kirigarcia.
New York superfudge chunk, chubby, hubby, chunky, monkey, chocolate chip cookie, though heath bar, crunch, dashed, and they match.
And they got a lot of those flavors that come in frozen yogurt that taste just like ice cream, even though it's yogurt and not ice cream.
Ben and Jerry's isn't just ice cream, by the way, it isn't addiction.
Now guarantee you can't eat like only two or three spoonfuls. You pick up fish food and you melt that down to an ice consistency.
If you can eat only one tablespoon, then you are some kind of a human being. I'll tell you. You've got some kind of power.
Just give it a try. Pick up about 20 or 30 pints of Ben and Jerry's fish food and all the other great flavors.
At your favorite supermarket or convenience store or mobile station or any place in town, it's all over the place.
Or visit one of Ben and Jerry's scoop shops. There's one in Miami and you have an adventure of mall between blooming veils and the AMC theaters.
You know, adventure of mallets where they send all our stuff back. And one on Miami Beach is 760 Ocean Drive. Ben and Jerry's, it is absolutely so good it's almost obscene.
This is 560 QAF.
Go down.
White left town of a banana.
Oh right.
Well, I rotten deal. I found that y'all devil hiding in her purse. He's cold and he's hard but he's not a few.
I hope it never happens to you. Some fruit breaks your marriage into. My wife left town of a banana. My baby sits by the way.
I'm a jealous man. She found us six inch Latin lover. That's dope a thing. Oh, I'm a jealous man.
I'm a right hand. Right now I could just die. Easy to my banana cream. My wife left town of a banana. My baby's slipping. My baby's slipping. My baby's slipping away.
1037 at WDQ. I'm not saying one thing must be slipping away channel four. You see this? Did you read this to memo?
Somebody sends us a copy of an internal memo from WFOR and what if they had a fire report, Campbell Martian and all these other people that are blown out over there.
Times must be really tough. A channel four in town must begin to be that real. It is so hard.
The memo says this is to all transmitter security from Henry Skip Green. Subject Styrofoam cups.
As you know by now WFOR is no longer buying coffee for the transmitter site. As a result of this WFOR will no longer buy Styrofoam cups for the site.
If you want if you want to drink water or coffee you must bring your own cup. Do not use other cups. When the current supply of Styrofoam cups is gone that's it.
We will continue to have bottled water for now. Sign Skip.
I will tell you who they could use over there to help straighten this all out. They wouldn't have run out if they had the water.
That's right. They need the water and off the other channel for it. They water they got it. I will tell you that right now. If it's up to me you've got it right now immediately.
God. Here is a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello Neil. Yes sir. How you doing sir? Great. I just want to say much as it pains me you're absolutely right about that dance.
It's almost embarrassing. I'm black and now. No not almost. Don't say it don't don't equivocate it. It almost is embarrassing.
Yes and I guarantee you when you see that you feel like man that man is making me feel like a craft.
Yes. Absolutely right. And I have to say you know not calling the answer is complained to you but to say you're really doing help balls and you don't person in the end town can admit that.
You know to face up to that. So that's really why I like to show.
Well thank God for you having a balls as a black man to say an admitted.
No you would say that it's the guy with white. That's absolutely right. But not the admit me.
Yeah. So why is it that white guys don't do it and there's this certain group not all of black guys do that.
Like I said a guy like Jerry Rice who has some class you'll ever see him do that. But what is it with these the jive ass turkeys out there?
Well I tell you you know black I don't have the answer. So I just have to call him.
Well we'll get to the bottom of it since the last thing we do.
Well hey you got balls there.
Okay have a great new year.
See there you go there's a brother and he says absolutely correct. Absolutely correct.
That's what he said.
He feels embarrassed like he wants to squirm under the couch when he sees some jive ass turkey doing a goddamn dirty bird.
The dirty bird. How about if he does the big bird okay and shows it up in the back. That sounds okay.
Two open lines in day five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T world.
See these people think I just make this up.
Oh he don't know nothing about what's going on. It's the jocks. They're not here right.
They may know what's going on but how come they don't have the balls to tell you to come right on here and open up a mouth and tell you exactly the way it is.
Like I said about Jimmy Johnson and Dan Merino who detest each other like poison which is why John is Jimmy is always taking his little digs and little shots you know about the quarter back this.
It usually doesn't even mention them by name when he takes those little shots.
And we got his 300 or five million or whatever it was to her touchdown pass and everybody was screaming calling it on the station and all the people on here screaming about it.
Well the reason that he didn't make a big deal about it is because he don't like them. They don't like each other.
And I don't understand how that's going to work.
That would be like working in a radio station where you didn't like the boss.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Yes sir.
I just want to say you know happy luck next new year.
Not worried about the good things but I want to say that somebody who goes to the honest races and I just want to tell people that stop buying those moronic lottery tickets we haven't got a shot.
And at least go there and just get one or two names of people if they dead on them.
At least they got a shot out of good time. Have a nice meal.
Okay great.
Okay listen say hi to David Horro for me too.
Okay.
Oh okay we have an open line of Brad one and Dave five six.
See that's the problem. Oh it never reminds me. Thanks God I'm so glad you called.
So even though that may come as a shock to you and the audience especially.
No because he reminded me you know the more things changing this town the more they stay the same.
Excuse me for being way off.
Mike you're looking around but I got to find this now. I forgot about it.
Where was this article? Maybe I don't even have a with me.
Well this must be it helped for the helpless. No that's not it but it was about Gulfstream Park.
Oh I mean it's so embarrassing.
Come on where the hell is it Mr. I can't find the damn thing I guess I didn't bring that section to with me.
It was the thing about how the Gulfstream is going to try for the 10 millionth time to attract a different group of betters and spectators.
They're bringing in old rock groups. They've been doing this for a hundred years.
Who are they bringing in now? Error supply.
Oi. Did you see that?
Error supply and most of the people at that track need error.
They need an error supply. They're gasping for oxygen.
The median age there of the blue hairs at Gulfstream is 120 years old.
That's why I haven't been there in years. I won't go there.
I saw my good friend Roy Slanghaw from Gulfstream in a hockey game a week or two ago.
He gave me my press pass all my credentials, my parking pass.
They're always very nice to me over there. I will not go there because first of all you go to the window at Gulfstream.
I mean I know Hank and those guys, all the gambling click, Eddie Kaplan, they hang out upstairs.
They're in a press box. They don't have to worry about standing online.
Which is smart. That's the way to do it.
Because if you're down there, I see I like to be in the stands at the track.
Or at least at a table of dining room like in Pompato Park.
I don't want to be like way up in there. I'll like some big shot.
I want to be a mingle with the scumbags.
But you go to the window to make a better Gulfstream and there's some old fart 120 years old in front of you.
And here's exactly what happened. He goes in front of you.
And now he opens up the racing form and he leans over in front of the teller.
There's 30 seconds to post time. They're putting the horses in the starting gate.
And now this guy, he's handicapping and he's trying to give me a try.
Give me the one. Now, the three.
And of course you're standing there peeing in your pants.
You know that you're going to get shut out.
Which even if you lose, I'm one of those people.
If I'm at the track, I don't want to be shut out.
Okay. I'd rather get my bed in even if the horse falls down, breaks the leg.
I want to get my bed in.
That's what I went there for not to be just to watch everybody else bet.
So now they're bringing in air supply.
Does anybody in the world think that air supplies going to bring a younger crowd out to Gulfstream?
No, I don't think so.
I mean, they went through all those stale 50s groups.
They brought back the remnants of groups that didn't exist anymore.
Not Martha Reeves, but the Vandellas.
The Vandellas were not Martha. That kind of stuff they would bring in.
I mean, when are you going to learn?
It just isn't working to pass. It isn't going to work now.
This is the problem with the permutuality.
This guy that calls Vandell to go about to get somebody out of the harness.
What was the guy from guiding life?
Larry King hit him on the other night.
Did you see that? It was a repeat.
Because he did. So obviously it was a repeat.
The guy that played Roger on guiding light.
They just died from ALS.
I mean, did this guy talk him of the voice box?
I get some guy to tell these people that play in the lottery.
Come out the pop of the park and bet on Kevin Wallace.
They got what a voice box.
And you know something? He's one of our younger people that we have out there.
If you've ever felt embarrassed or self-conscious about your medical condition,
listen to this special offer.
New from respiratory records.
Comes a limited edition offering.
The best of Drake II karaoke.
Just listen to this.
Play the party going on right here.
A celebration that lets you up the year.
That's like all your favorite hits as performed by Maybe The Voice Box.
You're so good.
Come on, maybe make it or so good.
And who could forget this classic?
Hey, you don't make it bad.
Take me to the song.
Call today for the best of Drake II karaoke.
Just dial 1-888-512-C.
The number again.
1-888-512-C.
You're the guy.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Tell the people that they're not just ranger at Poppato Park.
Hell no, Kevin Wallace is God and it's little Wally Hennessey's okay.
Yeah.
There you go. Nice go, answer.
I'll see you at the respirator room.
Okay. Wednesday night.
Of course tonight we got a hockey game.
By the way, fat reed.
Oh, and Bokapri and they'll come down here.
There's no check for you today.
Bokapri, go home.
Should have mentioned that in an hour ago.
Sorry about that.
Well, George isn't here today.
We're not doing checks on that stuff today.
That's tomorrow.
So if you're on your way down here, Bokapri, turn around and go back
where you came from.
And also, if that reaches a listening of Wednesday sounds good for the track tonight.
This week because tonight we got a hockey game.
He always takes precedent over the guy then tracking anything else.
Hockey's number one.
Even though our team is mediocre at best and Terry Murray says a lot of bizarre things.
And he benches Gordon Murphy now.
And he's doing all kinds of.
And he just lost it.
He has no clue.
Two open lines within Dave County.
And they're not going to talk about this Lamar Thomas.
They don't either hate to single him out because he's only one of hundreds.
But they're not going to talk about it because they don't have the balls to talk about the way they honestly and really feel when they see this stuff.
OK.
Maybe it's just me and this other black guy that called him end to go.
Maybe we're the only two people in America who are nauseated and turned off and just embarrassed for these people with that kind of behavior.
Maybe other people think it's great.
Maybe they think it's a real show at showmanship, baby.
Here's a Westchester.
Hello.
Westchester.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Neil.
Yeah.
I'm going back to my country.
Good.
OK.
We'll pack your sandwich.
Let's go to a mobile in Coral Gables.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy holiday.
And back to you.
And a great job on your.
Things were.
Yes, it was for center one on the thing.
No, one.
Yes.
Listen, Neil.
One great job on my thing.
Fuck you.
Neil, one good way to take and stop those jobs from doing that.
Yeah.
Drug test them after the game.
That's all I have.
OK.
Thanks very much.
Here's a brilliant comment.
Drug test them after the...
Yeah.
OK.
I'm not looking to bring out the clansmen yet.
OK.
Maybe that'll do that a little later in the week.
I'm looking for people that got like a real attitude or opinion on that.
Yeah.
Drug test them after the game.
They county lines are open.
Five, six.
And maybe I'll start drug testing some of the fans after the game.
Oh!
There you go.
I've got a great idea.
I have a great idea.
Although it will be bad for business at the ball games.
Can you imagine?
I mean, all you cops out there that are always setting up these road sides to variety checks.
What are better place to do it?
Right outside P.P. Park after Adolf and Monday Night Game.
Forget about the other game.
A Monday Night Game.
Or after one of the Panther games.
Like after the night.
It's the Macarena.
You come out of there.
Oh, we got a little road block here.
I have to do a little sobriety test.
You think that maybe like 40% of the people would wind up failing the test?
It's a beautiful thing.
Much and all those people just downing, guzzling down beer after beer after beer.
Hey, give me the keys.
Come on.
I know about that.
Give me the keys.
Like my good friend Andy who sits over there on the other side.
We see Andy DeWale in the hockey game.
I'll wave didn't I Andy before you get all red in the push and you get two in coherent to see me.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing there?
Great.
I have opinions that's like you have an opinion about the dirty birds.
Yeah.
And to the houseboy they called it earlier.
The houseboy, yeah.
The reason they called it.
Yeah, the uncle Tom.
Yeah.
The reason you are going to understand about celebration is because you don't understand.
Growing up as a young child in the heart of Liberty City.
Whenever we play fanlode you switch stuff down is your time to shine.
So all the pros are doing what they were doing.
And their childhood days it's just expressing themselves.
Uh-huh.
And where white people like you in the houseboy call it.
Houseboy.
Don't understand.
I'm scratching the cracker.
You can't.
You can't.
You go against it.
So if you don't understand it must be wrong.
So it's not wrong.
It's if you don't understand.
No, I didn't say what's wrong.
I asked me to stick to my stomach is what I said.
But the other.
We celebrate about a lot of things.
Yeah.
And when we get a chance to shine like these guys in front of me the people who are watching doing something that white folks can't do.
Especially hockey.
There's no know how to dance.
I don't know how to do a fight.
Yeah.
In a game where it's supposed to be.
Well, we're going to fight it.
We're going to fight it.
I'll trace the call to where said it Peter were all over the house to beat the crap out of me.
Oh, you're not going to you're doing about a half an hour sir.
A big black guy named Peter is going to beat the stardotty.
Okay.
We have an open line and Broward to a day five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty.
On the world famous AT&A at T wires or whatever it is wireless line.
Here's Holly what hello.
Hey Neil how are you okay sir.
Hey listen this one talking I went up to the Tampa game this weekend.
Oh good.
What a pathetic performance.
How would you go over to see that every time?
Well, you know it was a long weekend.
You know what the wish garden time seeing that crap.
Well, if you know what we're watching day.
We were up there we went to Bush Gardens.
We had a weekend of it.
Yeah, Bush Gardens isn't too bad by the way.
Yeah listen I'll pay you on top of the progress.
After the first period.
By the way don't you think I know who this is?
Well, that doesn't matter.
Yeah it does.
Can you believe that?
Can you believe that was that whining jackass?
Oh my god like I'm going to talk to you.
I'm not going to tell you and I'm asking myself how why would you waste your time going over.
You have no life.
Of course you would be one of those idiots that would go over to Tampa to watch a bum four cocky game.
Of course you would because you have no life.
Wining simple to know.
It thinks because George isn't here today it's going to take me more than ten seconds to catch on to who this asshole is.
56670560.560.
You know this guy to call a minute ago it's like the same thing about you know that pros and cons book I was talking about about the gangsters in the NFL.
Well you don't understand you know you can't you can take the boy out of the ghetto all these little tired cliches.
Nobody wants cliches as excuses for behavior that is deemed to be crap.
Okay.
That is socially unacceptable.
Now I'm not saying the dirty bird is socially unacceptable.
Yes but let's work on it okay.
Let's put our heads to it let's work on it.
When you're losing 21 to nothing and millions of people are watching and your your your your ketchup make a cast that really has not a midfield that has no significance.
Certainly is that it changed the outcome of the game.
People, millions of millions of people are looking at this guy and are saying he's an asshole.
That's right.
So this other scumbag that calls your minute ago give me all the song that he wants about well you don't understand I do understand okay that is when you're getting paid.
It's like the guy that the wouldn't stand for the national anthem what that was his name that he changed his name to you know in the NBA.
And he got to come out see Joe is just he's under too much stress too much for me.
Thank you so much I knew I could count on our sports expert back there.
The Jewish sports expert Josh Friedman what was it Mahmoud?
Oh yeah well you know you like to say it because it's got a and that's why you like to say it come I admit it.
I admit it.
He admits it.
He likes to say.
See Jews because I can tell you we like saying like Krzyszmann talks.
Oh yeah we say anything with a we like Santa because most go in can't say it unless they're Germans which of course then we run real fast.
But anyway he wouldn't he do not be standing for the national anthem.
Well I got news for you when you're getting paid millions of dollars the league certainly has got the right to tell you at least to a minimum degree.
I mean you're not saying you got to go out there and every here on your head is going to be a certain length but they're going out there saying this is this is the way we do things.
If you don't want to do it this way you're out goodbye I blow it out your ass.
Right Mahmoud and he said no.
So anyway it's how are we getting all this isn't that the holidays are we supposed to be because it makes me sick to my stomach that's why and because like I said you won't hear other people on his station talking about this.
Oh they'll cover it up and they'll solve pedal and little Joe will get on it little dog this morning and suck around man.
You know he I take it back I apologize to guilty I really do the biggest suck whole of all on that show is Joe Rose he really he that suck up man.
Such damn marinos back home big time I mean seriously those two shower together on the weekend I've heard reports.
They actually still I mean they never played on the team together did they wasn't the worst was already retired by the time we were started they played together yes for how long.
The early the real early marino days Joe Rose caught marinos first pass touch out pass.
Oh Josh came up with line even though it.
He caught the dandies first pass huh that was this in the locker room around the football field.
Josh I'm not commenting on okay but I mean how long was he there I'll on before Joe finally got shuttled off the channel six.
Couple years couple of years yeah.
But I mean he those two are so tight so you'll never get any objectivity about that and this thing and to suck up and try to cover up oh he was just trying to get the team fired up I mean come on give me a break.
Is there anybody with a brain that believes that no of course not it's a Jeff and like Mark gas bill that said we don't have to make this a racial thing there was a white guy everybody in America could look at him and say he's an asshole.
Some ordinary place I mean you know half the yard in the cloud of that's the makes it tackle and he's out there in the act like you know Godzilla.
And I don't care whether you're black or you're white I mean there's just there's no room for that in professional sports and the example that it sits for the kids is pathetic it's not that enough that we got all these NBA guys out on strike because they're having a tough time scraping mine together to put the bread on the table with their 15 to 18 million dollars a year in here.
But a tough time making a budget in the household.
That's a real good example for all you kids out there is Don Cherry would say and if he doesn't stop saying I'm going to stop watching hockey not in Canada by the way cut it out of grips you're getting it I mean so old and tired.
By the way nice game by the leaves there Saturday against Montreal well I felt sorry for the Canadians they wanted to give one you know anybody care about that.
No anybody see it. No thank God 10 56 and 5 60 WQ and it's done.
This is Gabby. Hi Gabby I'm interested in getting some operations done. Okay and some body contouring and some liposuction.
And I was wondering if it's some tummy talk and the lip augmentation cosmetic plus surgery face this all of these things.
I was wondering what was going to start with. Well I need to get everything done probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay we don't do that. No could you do breast implants though.
I can't be done but I don't know what they would do right away.
It was the lotion in the basket. How much? 5,000.
Excellent I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Laser surgery. Have the lambs stop crying yet mommy.
Excuse me. Don't hurt mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well we'll have to see you first and then upon looking actually we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts mommy. If you'd like to it puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment? Yes. Okay. There is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine.
Okay. Okay. My name is Buffalo Bill. Okay let me give you a little information from you. Okay. It's my name.
It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand. It puts the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation?
It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. Would you like to make an appointment? Or do you want to call me back?
It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand. I got my skin suit and it looks like a... Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to... It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in a time. Okay.
It puts the lotion in the basket. Hello.
Minute after 11 at 5.60 W.C.M. So what the hell is he trying to say? It puts the lotion in the basket. That's what I saw. They still don't get it.
So 5.60 and POM 5.60 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello.
How are you doing, Neil? Great. First time caller. I just wanted to... Please don't hang up. This is actually interesting. I got out of the Marine Corps.
Well, let me... It's actually interesting. What does that mean? It is despicable what the players are doing in the end zone. What's happening is that...
What does that have to do with getting out of the Marine Corps? What does that mean? Okay. I explained to you. It's very simple. When I got out of the Marine Corps, I joined law enforcement.
And I have to work all day to get paid $40,000. All day, $8,000, $10,00 a day. But the end of the year to get paid about $40,000 a year.
I see this player making millions of dollars. Square touch down and jump up and down like monkeys. And then he reminds me of all the guys...
Guys, they're just walking around. They're... He reminds me of those guys that stand up in the corner and over town selling drugs, celebrating God knows what.
When they make a score, they jump up and down. They do the dirty bird. That's interesting. They do the dirty bird in the over town when they make a drug deal.
Exactly. They jump up and down and they're... They do the dirty bird. I mean, jumping up and down. They do the dirty bird.
They do the dirty bird. They do all kinds of crazy celebrations. And I'm just standing there watching this guy.
They get down on the ground and they'd like rule a pair of imaginary dice. They also do that.
No, no, they don't. Well, maybe they'll be next week.
No, but they always... It's despicable that I got to work all day to make $40,000. And when I see these guys making millions of dollars, just to carry a football.
It's just despicable. That's all I got to say.
And don't forget the guys in the NBA, they're only making $12,000, $15,000, $18,000, $18,000, they have a tough time to make an insme.
It's one of those things.
Okay, good luck pal. Welcome to, you know, the guy doesn't understand it because...
That's the American fucking way.
That's right. Because we really got our priorities in order, baby. We understand.
But you know, I'm actually taking great pleasure watching the House of Cards all come crumbling down like I predicted.
You know, a few years ago when I started talking about this, as usual, oh, he's crazy. He's just a party poop arena.
You know what he's talking about. And you see, they keep building these new arenas, these new stadiums and more sky boxes, more luxury boxes, and more thousands and thousands of empty seats.
You want... It just amazes me the Fleet Center in Boston, the ball places where one of the original 16s and league.
And you watch a hockey game from the Fleet Center and you see all those thousands of people disguised as yellow seats. It's amazing.
Just tons of empty seats.
And you want to know why? Because they just can't afford any more punishment, okay?
So if the NBA, and it should be like any day now, there'll be officially announcing cancellation of the entire season.
And we'll all say, yeah! That's what we'll say. Well, that a goddamn party. I promise you that. We'll all get together and do the Dirty Bird and celebrate it.
Oh! Here's a mobile in the Miami. Hello.
Hey Neil. Yes sir.
You know, I have a big dish and this is the second year that I refuse to pay for the football package because I can't stand the celebrations.
Yeah.
I mean, here are professional athletes. You never see... Like you said, you never see that kind of celebration in hockey.
You very rarely see it in baseball when a guy hits a home run in a great spot.
You know, he chops around the bases. He comes in and a dugout. They give each other high fives. There's none of...
I mean, these guys work more in a choreography than they do on their play. And for most media, I play.
I think, in fact, now we mentioned, I really do believe that every team in the NFL has got its own choreographer.
You know, I agree with you. I mean, I just stop watching football. I mean, every now and then I'll catch a dolphins game.
Or if there's a really a couple of good teams playing, I've totally lost interest in professional football.
So that's my most likely professional sport.
This, this Millatin guy that called me a little while ago, you know? And I think he's serious, unfortunately.
And of course, I guess he doesn't care. So there's this element of people. We don't care what you think.
Well, that's fine, but I'm still going to express my opinion. It's still a real turnoff.
So if you don't care, then don't be all bent out of shape because I'm telling you what I think.
I can't stand it. And it just turned me off to the whole game. And I used to be a fanatic.
I mean, I used to watch football from Saturday afternoon through Monday night without a stop.
And I hardly ever watch a game anymore.
Okay. All right. Happy New Year. Have a good one.
Yeah. In fact, I'm trying to think it was it wasn't it? Oh, it was a white guy.
I'm trying to think a couple of years ago when a guy fumbled the ball going into the end zone because he was celebrating.
And he's fumbled like at a one year old line. Or no, he spiked the ball. Was that a white guy or a blood?
Nothing makes any difference. Remember that? Don't you know what I'm saying? Yeah.
I spiked the ball like on a one-foot line.
Okay. You're looking at me. There was any NFL. I guarantee you this. It was an ex. Somebody remember.
Somebody that knows something about sports, Joe. We have an open line in date 5, 6, 7, 8.
Joe says he hates all of this. By the way, he was working on like a music station like Power 96.
Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Yeah. Good morning. I just want to say that I agree with you so much about everything you said about these jocks.
And it's one thing when somebody scores a touchdown and celebrates it as trivial as that may be.
But Lamar Thomas, who as you said makes a trivial cast, a meaningless catch in the middle of the low-out in the middle of a disaster.
The team is being embarrassed and he jumps like a moron. He still allows you to receive her despite the new.
Well, you had a couple of good games tonight. Well, the night of the arena just like Sean Burke.
Well, that shows how good Marino is making even a Lamar Thomas look good.
Yeah. But the thing is, I want to thank you for being honest and stating your views openly on the air
versus somebody like Joe Rose, who this morning was saying, well, Lamar Thomas was trying to rally up to you.
Oh, and this is a pilot crap.
Exactly. Because he's another moron athlete.
Oh, he does it. Oh, he does it.
Charlie Brown knows that Jimmy Johnson, who I think is absolutely despicable.
And he's always trying to find excuses for these idiots that behave like complete morons on the field.
Okay. Well, I got that. Thanks.
See you, man. Have a great day.
See, there you go. So far, it's almost unanimous except for that one militant guy out there who's all been out of shape
and can't wait for the big black guy named Peter to come to his house and knock the door down, which he's on his way by the way.
Pal, also, Joe Rose's brother-in-law is going to be there with him.
Just as a backup, so to speak.
Where we going? Here's, um, here's Sallywood. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. It was Don Bibi. He took the ball from Leon Lett and the Super Bowl member.
John Bibi. Don Bibi.
Yeah.
He took the ball from Leon Lett when he was crossing the other way.
Right. That's right.
All right. To me, I think it's a, I'm from New York and I think it's a Southern thing.
I don't think he must have been a Bibi brain.
Yeah, you go. I don't see any of the Northern ball players doing that kind of stuff.
To me, I think it's a Southern mentality type thing.
What do you think about that?
Yeah, I think we need a lot more like Northern players like Lawrence Taylor.
He was always a good role model for kids.
Yeah.
He's a little problem again the last few days, but he'll be all right.
No one could score a touchdown like OJ though. He used to just...
Yeah.
He was a killer. No question.
Okay.
And he was like from the far west. He was out from the, but that ghetto.
You can't take the ghetto.
And that was, that's what they say.
If it fits, you must acquit or something like that.
If you're talking rhyme, you're talking real slime, you know.
See, if it doesn't cover anything up, you know, these, you're like,
Jesse Jackson, he's been to that for years.
And of course, Johnny Cochrane, he likes to do it too because it got him a TV show, you know.
You're talking rhyme a lot, you know.
If it doesn't fit, you must acquit because it sounds like something that rhymes with quit.
Oh God, it's so sad.
But it's, like I said before, you've got to understand, you can't fight it because...
That's the American f**king win.
That's right. So either thinkrith win, maybe thinkrith win.
You either go with a flow or, you just don't know.
Here's Carol Sidney. Hello.
Carol Sidney.
Hey, how you doing, man?
Great.
I'm a black Canadian from Toronto.
You're a black Canadian.
Yes, I am.
Yeah, so...
You know, I was hearing you talk about the celebrations.
Well, anyway, first of all, about Le Mans, Thomas, they're going to get crushed by Buffalo.
We're going to come here.
We're going to run all over them.
Yeah.
But just thinking about the good old days, when people like Darryl Sidler,
when they score Peter Stasney, when they score in hockey,
what is they never ever celebrate?
No, they put their stick up here and they all go on and they go,
No, did you watch Peter Stasney win the whole day for the other days?
That's right.
They didn't even put their stick up here. That's right.
I mean, that is what it's all about.
I remember Darryl Sidler scored so many goals for the Maple Leafs.
And it looked like it was nothing to do with it.
Six in one game, I just thought I'd mention that.
I remember against the Boston Brewing.
Right.
And here's a real sports fan, ladies and gentlemen.
Here's a rarity in this town.
Yes, and my name is Earl, and I'm a first time caller,
and it's good to see you on TV, Olfah.
And thank God that even though we've had a couple of bad games,
thank God the Leafs can finally wear that to Blue and White Proud this year.
You know it, man.
There you go.
And have a great life.
Take care, my friend.
Zero.
Oh my God.
See, and how come he was so articulate, and he wasn't talking in jive and talking in rhymes?
You go up to Canada, and you'll find there's black people up there, not too many.
But there's some black people up there, and they speak like English.
And they're not the passing off this bubonics crap, and you can enjoy an in-dance
and act like professional step-in-fetchers.
We've got to make some progress here, baby.
We've got to stop worrying about calling people honkies and niggers and crackers and all this other bull crap.
We've got to be just like regular human beings, okay?
But if you want to have your own separate code of behavior, then people are going to look and just say,
oh my God, look at that step-in-fetched cool, man, because that's the way he's behaving.
That's what we're saying.
That's what we're thinking.
And most of you, even while I'm sitting here, do I guess I can do it for you, okay?
Because most of you are a bunch of prosthetic, spineless whims.
Who don't have the guts to tell it loves exactly the way you feel?
This is America, because your condition, your condition to being a wimp,
your condition not to really speaking your mind, because you might offend somebody.
Oh, God, someday, someday when people can wake up and realize how backward this guy, the end country is.
Oh, by the way, speaking of backward, I'm not going to get into this thing, but I read one interest, there's a book called,
it's totally off the wall, but it just came to my mind.
The book is called, The Super Antioxidants, while it will change the face of healthcare in the 21st century.
Is this anything to do with what I'm talking about?
No. But anyway, it talks about diabetes in here, and it says,
the diabetic produces a byproduct of glucose metabolism called sorbitol.
So I've always wondered why I've had this tremendous allergy to these sugar substitute products
that are loaded with sorbitol, and as soon as I eat like just a very small amount of it,
oh, God, in the non-diabetic sorbitol is formed, but broken down readily into fructose,
and other simple sugar, this allows the sorbitol to be excreted from the cell.
And the diabetic, however, with frequent elevations and blood sugar levels,
sorbitol accumulates in the cell and plays a major role in the complications of the diabetic.
Oh, how do you like that?
So while you people out there, are you diabetics,
while eating sorbitol as a substitute for sugar, you're doing yourself irreparable damage.
I'm telling you that right now, okay?
Great book, by the way, but I don't want to start with that.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Great. Good morning.
Buenos dias.
Buenos dias.
I agree with you on some things, and I don't agree with you on other things.
I don't mind a celebration.
That's my opinion, and you were saying that you like people who are true to what they think,
while I believe that celebration doesn't bother me, because I'm hockey after some time,
and even when they don't score a goal, they start fighting.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, we have an open line of days, 5'6", 7'5", 60".
That was one of our little Julio's evidently, because he was talking about that,
but he was talking Greek.
We're doing Greek, I think.
Here's a mobile, wait a minute, mobile in four-lotter nails.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going, bud?
Hey, man, it's a reference to everybody who's saying that all these players get paid so much money.
You know, the fact that they get paid so much money is they have such a low shelf life.
They're going to be in the league for what?
5 to 10 years of max.
And after that.
Well, let me ask you this.
How would you like to be paid 3, 4, 5 million year for 5 to 10 years?
You think you can handle it?
Huh?
I think I can handle it.
You think maybe you'd be able to stock away enough so that maybe you might be able to
will live off of it for the rest of your life?
Of course, but you know the people who were sent it, or are probably some high school,
you know, big high school football stars, they didn't make it anywhere.
And they looked up there and they said these guys are making $4 to $5 million a year,
and they were sent it.
The people who resented are people who are high school football stars who couldn't make it in the pros.
That's what you're saying?
Of course.
As opposed to people like a lot there and work there, asked off 10 hours a day,
six days a week, for 50 weeks a year, and are making $25 a year.
They still pay to go see the game.
They do?
Of course.
How the hell can they afford it?
How can a schlepper like that afford to go pay and see that crap?
I don't know, but you know what?
Everyone who hates the fact that you guys are getting paid $10 million a year,
you know, you should respect that.
You know, you guys...
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
What do you mean you should respect that?
You guys are the creamers.
The creamers.
The crap load out your ass, okay.
Go blow some cream, get out of my face.
Geez, no, I didn't say in my face, I said.
It puts the lotion in the bag.
That's what I said.
They're the creamers of the crap, man.
You're the problem with America, sir.
We're tracing your call, and once the big black guy named Peter gets done with his other guy that called it a while ago,
he's gonna come over to your house and be knocking on the door and straighten your ass out.
And put your priorities, put your house in odor, mister.
These are the creamers of the crap.
I think you had one letter wrong and that second word there, the creamers of the...
Yep.
That's right.
Big, stinking deal, they play a game.
I'm starting to get just like George now with his sports stuff.
Because it's starting to really offend me bitterly, the fact that there are assholes like this guy
who are defending people that are getting paid 10 and 15 and 20 million dollars a year to go out and play a game.
And then if they get a guy that didn't hang me, like Roger Cleman, they get a hang me,
or maybe he ate too much that day, which in his case could be almost any day,
then all of us find these out with the tummy ache.
And this is a turn in the rotation.
Yeah, rotate this, okay Roger?
Well, he couldn't get as much in the open marks.
See, some of you people aren't old enough to remember sports when it was a real sport.
When there was some real loyalty, when Al-Kayline was on the Tigers' whole career,
or Mickey Mantle was the Yankees' whole career, or Joe DiMaggio, if he did yet.
Joe DiMaggio, you know, and once in a while, a guy like Babe Ruth,
when he was at the end of his career, okay, went to the Dodgers, the Cubs,
he was like, over to Hilly, was finished.
And there would be like big news, like a major story.
But generally speaking, there was some continuity because there was a loyalty factor.
Now you get a guy like Kevin Brown.
Kevin Brown, as far as I'm concerned, is breaking the law.
Because in America, other than certain, Carson County Nevada, where we're in Hell is,
prostitution is illegal in America.
He is a paid prostitute.
He's with the Marlins one year. He's with San Diego the next year.
Now he's with Los Angeles. And guess what?
You know, if he, if he somehow he could find a way to get out of it
and go somewhere else for 30 million next year, he'd do it.
And you say, well, you wouldn't do it. Let me say this to you, okay, if somebody says to me,
I'm going to pay a six or seven million a year. I'm not going to go look to somebody else.
Okay, how about you? Will you pay me eight or nine?
That's the point.
How much can anybody possibly spend that we have to your stories about well,
his kid is in school, wherever the hell it is, who gives a crap?
Okay, Kevin Brown, you're nothing but a goddamn homerister.
And it's people like you that are destroying you, you're not in the process.
You've already done it. You've destroyed sports. You've ruined it.
There is no sport left. It is used to be mostly business.
Now it's nothing but business.
And if you don't believe me, just look at the NBA.
Nothing but business.
And is there anybody in this audience?
Is there anybody in this audience if you were making those millions of dollars
that most of those players are in, they'll give me a son of dance.
They're not only a few of them are that's bull crap.
Of all the major sports, the NBA, the average salary is the highest in the NBA
of any professional sport. And what are they arguing about?
Oh, they want more of that two billion dollars. Yeah, they want more.
They want more. They want, they want, they want, they want and guess what?
The answer is no.
Well, that's your answer. Go flip burgers at McDonald's.
Go work at Jack in a box.
And then of course, you know, you folks are supposed to subsidize it.
You're supposed to work your 40 hour weeks and scrape together the best you can
and make some kind of a life. And then you're supposed to go out there and subsidize it.
And the answer continues to be more and more.
No. Go without your ass.
And I say, all right, better late than never that people are finally catching on this bull crap.
We did a cream of the crop. Yeah.
I guarantee you. In fact, this guy may be right. Lamar Thomas may do the dirty bird better than anybody else in the whole goddamn league.
Seriously, let's take a poll on that.
Let's find out who does the best goddamn dirty bird.
Oh, okay.
I thought we got rid of the bird.
So, love this one. Just when we thought he was out, they dragged him back in.
1119 at 560 WQM New Butk.
Yes, for you.
Bye, Tom.
Hey, kids. Are you tired of that neighborhood, bully?
He stole my lunch money.
Ah, shut up, kid.
And tell him not to hold the mail next time.
Next time, fight back.
But he's bigger than me.
No, no, no. Just tell mom.
Next time she hits the candy aisle at the grocery store, pick up a pack of new Shack-Add Candy Bars.
Shack-Add?
Yes, it's a new candy bar made entirely from recycled cow dung.
Guaranteed to turn your stomach.
So, next time...
All right, kid. Give me a lunch.
No, no. Please don't take it.
Just shut up and hand it over.
Okay, here you go.
But whatever you do, please don't eat my candy bars.
Hey, cool.
Ah, this tastes like shuck.
So, you want my lunch tomorrow, too?
We did a hunch.
You got a little lunch.
When you take the bite of that shack-Add bar.
Okay, it's 12-22. We got the bells back.
We got all kinds of great little bells and noises and whizz bangs going off here.
All kinds of...
For the holidays, which you can't hear on the ear. Maybe you can hear it in the background.
Okay.
Maybe that'll just stay on all the way to two o'clock.
Or maybe they'll just celebrate that Greg Reed was just down there.
I don't like it.
Listen to that.
I wish they could hear that on the ear.
But anyway, we have an open line at day 5667-0560.
Oh, thank God it stopped.
It's got to feel so good now that it stopped.
And pound 560 on the mobile one high.
Yeah, fucking SNM exercise.
It's like when it took in clockwork orange.
You know, they had him locked in the room with the Beethoven, blasting off the walls.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
You're great at it.
Bringing out the red necks and the Oreos.
The Oreos?
Yeah.
I want to ask you something.
Have you ever been to a black church?
A Baptist church?
No.
Well, if you look at the difference in a black church and a Catholic church,
you'll see how black people are real and through theistic about the Lord and how they're really getting it through it.
Well, it's all a bunch of...
What difference does it make with the enthusiastic and not it just...
Yeah, well, I'm just trying to say culturally.
That's what it is.
And it's just like the same thing.
You say you want to go back to the days of Lou Garek and all that.
But you also go back to the days when black and alive and gay.
You want to lie to football?
That's what you're talking about.
And I mentioned Lou Garek.
Where did Lou Garek come from?
Well, over the old days.
All over the old days.
The old days.
Well, so that's what I'm going to say about the teddy co-facts.
Huh?
I said, don't start picking on the Jews.
Well, I'm saying that's what it is about celebrations.
I don't say Lamar Thomas what he did.
And then Greg Read was just telling me there was another pass he called later.
And he went over to the camera guy and he stuck the...
Stuck to point it in the football and then it was the camera.
It was super, but I don't think you should use him at the criteria to say that all celebrations are stupid.
It's all about entertainment just like anything else.
It's entertainment?
You know, you make it...
No, you...
That is...
No, I don't want to be an entertainment.
Let me say something.
Okay.
You make a very valid point.
And the fact is that in Lou of quality...
See, this is what's happened.
It's like the Gary Glitter thing.
And I've been telling people this.
And they just don't want to understand it.
Because before expansion, when you really had quality,
when you had really great teams and all the sports...
The sports stood on its own.
You didn't need all the fun at the phone and music.
And you didn't need signs.
You know, to tell people when to applaud and cheer.
And to pause meters and all this other book rep.
But now we have to have all these other artificial things...
To give the aura of, wow, this is really exciting.
Even though when it's a very mediocre and it's crap.
That's a very good point.
But don't you think that...
Well, I'm just telling you to me, it's not entertaining.
It's a tremendous gross out and I find it incredibly offensive.
Okay, but don't you think things like the old Frankenstein movies,
which were great and scary at the time.
But now we have aliens, blood, bushing and all that.
Do you think...
We upgrade every time we keep going up, up more and more and more and more.
What you're saying in your next time, Lamar Thomas catches a pass.
We ought to have blood gushing out.
No, Lamar Thomas.
But I'm just saying,
when a football player is doing the dances or doing the whatever,
it's really a blast.
I love it.
They love it.
But I mean, in the old days, like you said,
people who I would have appreciated it.
But now they keep...
Now they keep on appreciating Frankenstein a month.
It doesn't scare anybody now.
And in the future, we'll need to keep people's hands cut off for real
to really enjoy our movies.
Okay.
Okay.
I said, that one's cut off next week by the way.
Woo!
So what is it that he was trying to say?
Brother, I hope we're not all the boys.
I'm going to cap them.
No, I've never been to a black church here,
but I have seen some of those evangelicals.
I've seen some of those people wrestling with their snakes.
As a matter of fact, we've got the assembly of God right on my street there
out in Plantation Acres.
And they're in there, I guess,
so wrestling with their conscience or wrestling with snakes
or whatever it is that they do.
Wait, as a matter of fact, over the weekend, I saw some Orthodox Jews,
a whole group of them were their Yarmul Kazan
and I thought to myself, isn't that sad?
And then I was thinking to myself about the Mormons
that were their special underwear.
What were they called?
The Magic Underwear?
What is the award they used for that?
Are you not familiar with it?
With the Mormons and the underwear,
they have to wear all the time,
except when they're like taking a shower, I guess, or a bath,
or like...
They have special underwear that they wear all the time.
And you're always looking at me like, wow!
Huh? Why?
I didn't go as planned, I'm as Donny Osmond.
I don't know because it's part of their bubble mice.
See, every village in there?
Why do those Orthodox Jews, why are they all making their little kids wear those beanies on their heads?
So everybody else can put it...
Ha ha ha! Look down!
Look at that! David's got a beanie on his head!
Because they're full of this old-time crap!
Because we can't outgrow it!
We can't let go this nonsense!
This garbage!
Oh yeah, we'll probably have some more calls about the magic underwear.
Oh, and they're the bells are back again.
Probably a Mormon over at the Bell South messing around with us.
What is it?
Who is that?
Who the hell was that?
Where did that voice just come from?
Do you think the ISDN line is crossing over with another one?
That was a definite voice.
No, he said a very high-sounding noises, whoever was it.
I don't know what that is.
I think somebody at Bell South is a pocking around with us again.
I think it's time to file a lawsuit against Bell South.
I think let's get Larry mixed in on the phone and see if he can't get those bastards straightened out.
Here is Miami. Hello?
How you doing, Il?
Can you hear that noise?
On the phone, but not on the radio.
Oh, okay.
I'd be a black guy.
Oh, so does that make you let know you don't?
Yes, I'd be.
No, you'd not be.
You'd not be black.
I'm a black guy from where?
Dark black?
And when I saw... well, I'm kind of mocha.
Okay.
When I saw the mark on...
Darker is lighter than Malcolm on the young and the restless.
No, I'm not that light.
Okay.
When I saw the mark on the do that, it just something in me just burned.
Yeah.
I used to be like the ones, but not like that kind of celebration.
I mean, that's not even celebration.
That's just like an asshole.
Exactly.
I mean, this guy, you know, cut it right to the chase man.
Just cut all the bull crap away.
He's acting like an asshole.
Very well said.
It's a difference between a little celebration.
See, I don't mind a little celebration in his own.
As long as you don't get outrageous with it.
Yeah.
And as long as it's at a time, in other words,
if they were to just score the time,
they'd be paying touchdowners for them,
they'd make a great come from behind.
Okay, then maybe understand what the guys really jubilant,
then they fired up and picked off or whatever.
Now, I'm out of town, and you catch a ball at the 50-yard line,
and jump up and start acting like an asshole and flipping around and throwing balls.
And that's not even a dirty bird what he was doing.
He was like mocking the dirty bird.
So I don't mind a little celebration, but I mean, he's just outrageous.
And especially after last week, all the touches that touchdown catch that he made,
and he was running to the end zone and giving it to his grandmother.
You know, that was like, you know, inspirational and it made you feel good.
But didn't come back this week and I like to complete asshole.
It made me change my whole view of him.
I have Reggie White come down here and beat the crap out of him.
And enclosing.
Yeah.
If I ever see Linda Tripp in the airport, I will beat her ass.
Okay.
All right.
Oh, God, we have an open line at day 567-0560 and 0560 on the mobile one line.
What am I going to do about my toilet seat?
That's the most important thing of the day.
I've got a broken toilet seat.
Now I've got to go to Kimart or Walmart or one of those damn marks by a toilet seat.
And Potsky or my little things there and fastened all down.
See, I guess you never know matter how long you've lived.
There's always something new and exciting.
Some new pain in the ass thing that comes along.
Oh, gee, I didn't even realize that thing was going to break.
Yeah, there it is.
Now I'm sure that they could probably...
I would imagine if we can send an old fart like John Glenn into the outer space again
with a space-age colostomy bag, I'm sure we had the technology to make toilet seats
that never break.
But then how do they sell new toilet seats?
Planned out to lessons again.
It's not just with your car they do it.
They even do what you've got damn toilet seat.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how are you doing?
Great.
Listen, I got a spy report first.
I was listening to the hockey game.
After the game, David J. Niel, they were talking about stew barns.
Yeah.
And he was saying how some people have been making a case for stew barns for years down here
and making a ruckus.
And then he goes...
And closing, he goes...
He goes, I guess some guys can only handle the little ones
or he goes...
Or it was something like, I guess some guys will prefer the little ones.
And now they're not going to believe it or not.
And...
I didn't know that.
Because they were talking about people down here
making a case for stew barns in the radio.
Yeah.
And then he goes, I guess some guys can only handle the little ones.
Meaning...
Well, again, there you go.
See, that's the same ethnic stuff.
And I guess also why guys just don't measure up to David J. Niel.
And about the stuff.
Maybe he's packing something really powerful under that Hussage Shaco or whatever that thing is he's wearing.
Well, you know, I've called you about him before.
You know, he works out of my gym.
And this is a guy that wears...
He works out of your gym.
And South Beach.
Yeah.
And he's the only black guy there.
And he wears like his seventh grade gym uniform.
He wears like a shirt that you got for free.
Like when you bought a can of peanuts or something from five years ago.
Well, I'm sure that's what they're paying him at the oldest gym.
That's what it's right in.
And then closing about this celebration thing.
I saw something yesterday.
I think it was the Saints.
I think you have to some guys who are going to touch down.
They did a leap frog with like four to come players.
Did you see that?
No.
They lined up and one guy jumped over the other guy.
He jumped over the other guy.
And they were like losing by 40 points.
Oh, really?
So it was a very nice time.
I've ever seen.
And by the way, I went shopping last night at Publix.
That's my girlfriend to put the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
See you.
Okay, it's 11.32.6560 WQM.
We have two open lines in day 5.67.
Yeah, so David J. Neal thinks I got a small penis.
Well, guess what?
Uh-huh.
You have no idea how small, mister?
Oh, seriously?
And I wished that how I couldn't have put in like real urinals at that macarena.
God, is it embarrassing?
They have the ones that you have, you know, like the little uh-
Over-E shaped ones, whatever the hell those things are.
You know what I'm talking about?
The ones that you have to kind of aim at.
You can't like step up into them like a real urinal supposed to be with dividers in between.
Like a real new classy glitzy place ought to have.
Yeah, that Washington game, you know, I go in there.
I'm taking a leak in between.
You know, there's one of the 85 million TV time outs.
As soon as that little pink light comes on, I go running out there to take a leak.
And there's like some six-year-old kids man next to me.
Uh-uh, after urinal taking a leak, he looks over at me and says,
You call that a penis?
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hello, Neal.
Yes, sir.
First time caller and fellow plantation aching.
All right.
Uh-uh, I was going to call a little dog this morning.
It regards to the Lamontown misdiasco.
Why-why is he such a cover-up artist and little dog?
Why is he such a soft-
He didn't even give me a chance to speak to him.
He decided that what I saw was a nothing.
He didn't want to even touch it afterwards.
Um, just want to let you know that's what happens when you give a girlfriend beat in a lunatic,
that kind of money.
And that's how we ask.
Yeah.
Um, what do you think that-
No, no, see the only guy in the league that asked that way?
Is that what you're saying?
Oh, no.
No.
There's a couple of guys on the team that asked about that way yesterday.
They acted like they were winning 21-24 and nothing the way they were dancing around on the field.
Um, it's unacceptable.
It's bullcrap.
They're not fooling anybody.
And-and that little dog, I tell you, he-he's got his lips so far up all those dolphins' rectums.
Yeah.
That you can't even say anything negative about that.
The rumor is, remember when he had the gap between his teeth when he was doing the thing on Channel 6?
I used to talk-I used to call him gap tooth.
And I finally embarrassed him to get in some bonding done there.
And the rumor has it that he had like a little French mouth problem there.
From kissing too much dolphin rectum over the ear.
I couldn't be wrong with that was the rumor.
We have an open line at Broward, 566-705-60, 0.560 on the mobile one line.
Here is Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes, sir.
Can I have the militant one who called-
I'm not- first of all the black guys.
Yeah.
Who about the militant one who called-
Who in that call, yeah?
Why do us-
Why do we always relate ourselves as being poor?
A lot of us are not poor.
A lot of us are educated.
A lot of us have nice homes.
I don't think there's anybody playing in the National Football League who can say that he's poor.
I have my doubts.
And then as soon as he's wrong, he's not playing anymore.
And he's got a lot of differences.
Yeah.
As soon as you object to some kind of behavior like that, you all of a sudden are Oreo or a-
You think you're white or if you talk at certain age.
I'm just talking to you.
That's all I want to say.
Okay.
And have a great New Year, sir, in this two-shell pass.
It'll pass.
It's like a bad kidney stone.
It'll pass.
We have an open-line in Broward, 5667-0560, Tom 560 on the mobile one line.
Since you've been talking about the Big Bird all morning, my right wrist is starting to like-
Yeah, I'm having trouble keeping my limp first up this morning.
I'm thinking about that Big Bird and going to the arena night and doing that.
Let's do the Big Bird.
Come on.
Let's all fly away at the arena tonight.
We'll get up there in the rafters.
Maybe inspire that to- maybe inspire a little intelligence and that coach is that possible?
No.
I doubt it.
By the way, it doesn't talk to this radio station.
Nice going, Terry.
You hard to ask.
Good choice on your part, too.
Because we slice you up to ribbons, mister.
Oh, yeah.
The- the- instead of going out there instead of his brother going out there and getting some real talent on the team,
the answer is, well, we're going to bench this guy one day and then we're going to rip into this guy another day.
And then we'll, you know, we'll deflate all of the regos to the point where nobody on the team can play.
And then we'll be right down there with Tampa.
Didn't see that game Saturday, but from the reports I'm getting, other than from that idiot that called before,
which we don't want to mention Andy's name.
See, I want to- one last time I'm going to say it, okay?
Andy, I cannot stand you.
The sound of your voice, the sight of your face, anything about you gives me physical.
And it just gives me spielkies just thinking about you, okay?
It twists my kishkeys.
So, Kushner and Tuchus is Josh Reed.
He would say, just go away, find yourself a life.
You've got that nice girlfriend.
Go do something with her, okay?
If she's at that time to let you do it.
Go do something.
Find a life.
Oh, I went over to Tampa Saturday.
Oh, my God.
And let me say it again, like guys that go to practice.
We were panthered practice last week.
Oh, why?
That's the only question that ever comes to mind when somebody says, well, I was at practice the other day.
I think, why?
Yeah.
I mean, you have no life whatsoever is that it?
No.
Here's North Miami.
Hello?
Hello, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I have a comment to make.
What reminds me of flying away is it's a soccer when they stick the arms out and run around the field.
I hate that.
I'm here to get to comment on that.
You get my comment about what?
And soccer.
There has to be something exciting going on during a soccer game.
You don't think the game is exciting though.
No, I hate soccer.
Well, there you go.
So, I'm saying at least they're trying to reduce it up a little bit.
He didn't really say juice it up a little bit.
Did he?
Oh, yes.
We have an open line at day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line.
I don't care what anybody tells me.
I know and it makes no difference whether it's black or white or purple or yellow or in between.
There's a whole bunch of you people out there that if OJ Simpson suddenly found the miracle cure.
If he found it, what do they call that stuff that your ice something ice?
He used to be a sponsor mind a hundred years ago.
You know, that you put on your arthritic legs and all of a sudden he could run like the wind like he did twenty years ago yet.
And the dolphins could sign up and he could go out there and just whisk them right through the playoff and run for like two hundred and twenty yards of game.
They say, all right, you go OJ.
Am I right?
You know, God damn well.
Uh huh.
I'm right.
They wouldn't care.
They wouldn't care if he killed the whole guy.
And that's all of what a Brentwood they wouldn't care if he killed the whole guy then community out there.
Well, we'll take care of that afterward, you know.
Here's a deer field.
Hello.
Deer field.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Have you all of these for you?
And the same to you, sir.
I'm an African American.
I want to respond about the celebration of the end of the field.
Uh huh.
Okay. My thoughts are as an African American, I'm not a particular fan of the dirty bird.
But I do understand the celebration of the end field.
Um, and you made a comment that, um, it, it detestes you to see that.
What?
It detestes you to see the celebrations and end zone.
Um, so from our cultural fair, we just have a different cultural background.
What does that mean?
What do you mean different cultural by now?
Let me ask you, is Jerry Rice Black?
Yes, he is.
How come he doesn't do that?
All Blacks don't celebrate, but they're all Blacks that do.
Why?
And it is, it is a cultural thing.
It goes back to our ancestors.
Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute.
Let's slow down.
When a guy, let's take the example of the Black receiver again, catches the ball in the 20-ER line.
He knows that there's nobody anywhere near him.
He can, he can crawl on his hands and he's in the end zone for a touchdown.
And instead of just running the ball in and spiking it and no, whatever, he, he, he struts.
He, he does the high leg steps strut into the end zone and does this jive-ass routine for all of American watch.
What was that catch that was celebration?
It has, I mean, it, again, you don't particularly care for it, but there's a lot of us who enjoy it.
Why?
It has a lot of, what do you like about it?
What, it has a lot to do with our background.
I enjoy dancing.
I doubt very much of you do.
No, I don't, old Jews don't dance, no.
I'm, what I'm saying is this, Neil, if you look at African-American as a whole,
we are people of celebration.
And when we do things, you go into the churches, you go in, you look at the music industry, you see a fair,
we dance more and we celebrate more than any other people in the world.
Yeah.
So of course, when we get into that zone.
How come Willie Mays never did that or Hank Aaron?
How come on Hank Aaron?
There's 750thome run.
He circled the bases.
They came out and he high-fived a few crazy fans who were running on the field.
And then, huh?
No, that's like me asking you why did all white men murderers come on?
I mean, no, no, wait a minute.
We never, this never occurred.
It never happened.
We never saw this before until last few years.
No, if you know, Dale, go back for it.
You'll see it there, too.
And basically, you'll look at it.
Well, give me an example.
Tell me about that, brother.
When African-American first came into the NFL, we had to do with, quote unquote, white-american water.
We had to behave a certain way.
Yeah.
Now that we enjoy the freedom of our celebration, we don't feel that we're going to be threatened or anything else,
then we conduct ourselves what we want to.
So in other words, if the rest of America looks at these guys and thinks that they're an asshole for doing that, you don't care.
If it's asked the black community, Neil, I mean, as a whole, now I want to be in the black community.
I've had plenty of black people call me today and most of them are, I think it's grotesque.
And I just don't verify it.
They're contaminated by it because it perpetuates an ugly stereotype.
Don't you understand?
No, you're going to have some blacks who don't like it.
Like I said, I'm not a particular fan of the dirty bird, but I loved the in zone celebration.
I don't like the dirty bird, but I love the in zone celebration.
Yeah.
Well, too bad.
I think we're going to end more of me yesterday.
Excuse me.
I said have a great day and happy new year.
We have an open-ended Broward 5.6.7.
Well, I detest this, you know, 5.6.7.0.5.6.
The end pound 5.6.0 on the mobile one.
Well, that's what he said for Christ's sake about the infield celebrations or the end zone, whatever that was.
I don't know. I'm trying to keep track.
Oh, Renfield, he said.
Renfield, before we had Frankenstein, I got Dracula, and now we're making some progress.
Renfield.
It's alive.
Okay, here's a mobile in sports, your sports, your olivello.
Good morning there. Good afternoon.
Yes, sir. Buenas deere.
Happy holidays.
Happy new year.
Hey, the guy that called in, I wish people would get their facts right, but the guy that called in about the leap frogging.
It was New Orleans a couple of weeks ago, they were playing Dallas, and they were actually winning the game.
Yeah.
But what differences do they make with it? They were winning or losing?
What kind of bullcrap or jive ass routine is that to be doing in a sporting event?
What is that?
They were assholes, you're right.
I mean, did you see it when it happened? Did you see it live?
Yes, I saw it live.
And what did you think?
Well, I thought it was childish.
Yeah.
Just the effort of the sport?
I mean, you said supposed to be professional athletes.
You're supposed to be getting paid a lot of money to go out into a job, which is this guy's talking about dancing.
If I want to go see dancing, I'll go see the rock cats.
And if I want to say, I want to see Fred and Fred Astaire.
The one who started all this.
Billy White shoes Johnson, if you remember him.
Yeah.
Several years ago, back in the early 80s, late 70s early 80s.
Yeah.
And Iki Woods.
Iki Woods, that was the way he was.
No, it's other crap.
How's he doing lately, by the way, Iki?
Anybody seen him lately?
No.
Okay, I'll be in jail.
I have a grant.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh.
Yeah, I mean, these convoluted stories.
See, we got to be different.
You know, like, like, we have, uh, and there's so many examples I could give you, but why should it even waste the energy?
All different kinds of people.
Tiger Woods, by the way, and I despise him.
Not because he's Asian or Black or a combination, but just because he's a golfer in there.
It's such a big deal out of he's boring as a pilot dog crap, okay?
But Tiger Woods, when he goes out and won the master's tournament or wins another golf tournament, we still haven't very much anymore, but when he does or makes a great shot, he gets a hole in one Tiger Woods.
He's at least part Black.
We don't know which part, but he's at least part of a Black.
Is he, does he dance?
No.
Who's that other Black golfer out there that's so big on the, uh, what the hell's his name?
Port Joe, you know, you're, you're just, uh, I'm not a sports guy.
Good. Excellent.
That's why I always liked your cast.
Oh, he's not a sports guy.
Thank God.
What about Josh Friedman?
He's a sports guy.
Come on. Who's the other, uh, Lee Elder, is that his name?
Black off.
Get out of here, Josh.
Go back to your show.
Okay.
Cocks a hoist.
But like Lee Elder, I mean, Lee Elder, make a great shot.
Would you ever in a million years see this guy go out there and do the icky shuffle and the big bird and the dumb bird and the,
of course not.
It's got nothing to do with Black culture.
We, you know, it's like that old crap again.
We got more rhythm, baby.
Like the, like the couple that had the eight, the octoplets, they should have been doing the rhythm is what they should have been doing instead of playing with those goddamn fertility drugs.
Anybody read your New York Times yesterday in the viewpoint section?
There were about 25,000 letters to the editor about that situation.
And 99% of them said, oh my God.
Are you people crazy or what?
And the media, of course, the one kid died already.
The one that weighed about a half an ounce.
And the media continue all of a, every time somebody has like a whole, like a litter, the media portrays this is all, isn't this wonderful?
Isn't this great?
In fact, I'm going to tell you something.
I don't want to get you go, I'm nervous, but the Jews are, you know, we're pretty observant, okay?
And because the Jewish population, through a very, through a wide variety of circumstances over the years, has diminished dramatically.
As a result, and of course, Jews tend to have like two children per family, except the orthodox that have like two, three hundred.
But, you know, they generally don't overpopulate.
But if you're going to get even, I guess, fertility drugs are the answer.
There you go.
Jesus wait a few years, baby.
You wait till we got 30 million Jews running around in South Florida.
And this guy's picking on Sandy Kofax, right? Right on the, right on the heels of Honakka.
And this guy's picking on Sandy Kofax before.
Antisemite.
Here's Hi, Alia. Hello.
Happy Kwanzaa.
And back to you.
Hey, today, I just porch Charlotte guy.
It was yesterday that he did it again with the leapfrog non-fans.
Well, they did it again.
Yeah, they did it again.
In the New Orleans game.
It was, I'm going to read.
And let me ask you something.
How does a guy like Mike Ditka, okay?
Allow that.
Here's the guy who was supposed to be such a hard-ass, hard-nosed, I won't stand for any kind of bull-crap guy.
Well, I think he was just hoping that he was on all fours in front of the line.
That could be it.
Hey, also, that's why I didn't let golf, black golf is long for a long time to keep wearing the ball and we didn't feel this something.
Yeah.
What was that guy talking about?
The rent field he was talking about.
It was a big Dracula film.
Which is a blessed, this is.
Hey, also, you have money nice game with you.
We go today.
You're open to Broncos.
I was there.
Were you?
No.
Of course not.
Okay, well, you saw, did you catch any of it?
I saw some of it, yeah.
Okay.
When Lamar kept going hand and granny was the ball, that's when he scored a second.
I didn't see that.
Well, I just kept thinking, I know he played a great game in that game, but I didn't see a...
I just kept thinking, what if he scored the other end zone?
Yeah.
I think he could have run all the way on his cards back the other way.
I think he could do it.
He could have...
People would follow him and the cams would follow him and make a big deal and they won't see what we're saying then.
Now, now let me ask you, did granny have a can of scambles soup in her hand when he was doing that?
Yeah, I'm trying to force speed him, breath in him.
Because I notice Reggie ain't doing no spots in the most.
Oh, he's not?
No, he's not.
Oh, now it's about John, I think.
It's that way.
Is he doing a scambles soup?
Yeah.
And then Steve Young is still doing the Jerry Rice or cold Jerry like that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I could on the...
A little bit of a message in there.
Okay, pal, have a great new year.
Happy Martin Luther.
We have an open line at day 56670560, Palm 560, on the mobile one line.
Hey, listen, all you black folks out there are sports fans.
You don't have to worry about it because you'll see, I mean, you won't be there,
but if you watch on TV and that, when they announce this, the lineup,
or whenever he comes out on the ice, the number 28 for the Panthers comes out there, Peter Warrell,
that crowd is going to go, eight shot, baby.
They're going to go, I hate it!
Why I have no idea.
Like I said last week, because white people like having a big black guy around
is going to beat the smut out everybody who ain't one of us.
That's what white people like.
So seriously, like the guy said, we got the big nigs.
And as this tasteful as that comment is, no, seriously, that was a hurricane fan a few years ago.
He said, hey, baby, we got the big nigs.
See, this is called being used.
This is being used.
If you think that you're expressing yourself, you're wrong, you got to ask backwards.
You're being manipulated and used, and by behaving this way, you're perpetuating the stereotype
that the white majority is very content to have you perpetuate.
They like that.
Hey, you go, boy, you go, boy.
You know, say you go, girl, but now we got you go, boy.
Yeah, white people in the crowd, all these crackers down here in the South, these football games.
They're going to be, hey, you go, boy, come on out.
More of that dirty bird, baby.
As opposed to finally, intellectually,
advancing just somewhat beyond that level and saying, hey, that's for a bunch of jive-ass turkeys,
and we can do a little bit better than that.
But hey, that's a free country to a point.
We have an open line of Dave, 5667-0560 and 0.560 on a mobile one line.
By the way, screw in, gave me a real nice gift, Christmas gift, which was unexpected,
and didn't change anything, by the way, sweetheart.
But it is a great book, great little book.
I've seen it in the bookstore, they're like, I'm not going to buy that.
A hundred was, a 160, but one, it's for free.
And the horse he rode in on by James Carville.
Now, some of you may not like James Carville because he's bald and geeky looking.
He looks like he's up on that crowd in the entry.
But this is a great book.
Everything you ever wanted to know about Kenneth Star and Richard Mellon's Skate
and the whole underpinnings of this penis gainer, this book is great.
I can't even put it down.
You'll love it.
And the horse he rode in, just a little teeny tiny book.
So it can't be that expensive, especially if screw-and-bottied for me.
How much is it?
Oh, yeah, 1495.
For a little book like that, like I said, borrow somebody else's copy and you'll love it.
It's great.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, God bless you, Neil.
I'm happy to hear your team.
Yes, I'm here.
And I think I don't know if you've seen Matt Sunday into any dirty bird any time soon.
No.
Thank goodness.
Well, he may be on some of the night when he shows up.
He's like a lot of those European players.
Some nights you play, some nights you just show up physically, but not that emotionally.
Well, I tell you, he's been getting, they've been talking about him a lot lately this year.
Since the main police are having such a terrific year this year.
Yeah, let me say it again.
He shows up on occasion.
I have to agree with you.
Look at him.
I'm not sure I'll give him this two wide open shots there, but that's okay, Matt.
We'll forget about it.
I did see that came out with, that was disappointing.
Very disappointing, very lacklustic record, but you know something.
They're still doing great.
They are doing fantastic.
And I expect them, I expect them to go a long way this year.
Yeah.
But about the hands-on celebration, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got to tell you, it's these are so-called professionals.
It does get quite ridiculous with the celebrations.
I can see spiking the ball, but doing these crazy lunatic dances that they do nowadays,
making the money that they make, I think, is quite ridiculous.
And from what I hear, O.J. Simpson actually, he wanted to do the dirty bird after he killed Ron in the cold.
Oh, man.
He didn't hit him with the timeline, actually.
But I just want to tell you, you're doing a great job, Neil.
God bless you, don't make beliefs.
And let's cut out some of this ridiculous nonsense.
Okay, good luck, sir.
It's not your turn.
We have an open line at day one in Broward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
We have a hundred twenty-four grand for center one, and we still have three days left in the year,
which I don't think too much is going to happen in these three days.
But maybe we will get an update from Carolett center one of these days this week.
Would that be nice?
That sure would be nice.
Kind of figure out where we are.
It's a major miracle.
It really is that we were able to do this well.
And kind of a very half-assed and kind of screwed up.
But you wait till next year, man.
It's going to be really big.
Whether David J. Neil believes it or not.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I detest this too.
You know, you detest this too?
You know, you detest this too?
You detest this?
Well, you know, you're on this.
Maybe you said test these.
That's what I thought.
That's what I thought.
First of all, he said.
Yeah.
It just points though, you know, an emotional immaturity, really.
It's like you were in your price tag on your shirt when you're on whammy there.
Or you know, you wear your baseball cap on sideways.
Or your Yamaka inside that.
If I were in another one, I would love to price tag on the Yamaka.
I think that would have been a good example.
Yes, exactly.
You know, it's classless, honey.
But it's just immature.
That's more at than anything else.
But, you know, I teach a lot of black kids.
And the thing that really bugs me is that they use the word, the inward, between themselves.
And, you know, here at 200 years, they've been trying to get rid of that word.
But they call it.
They freely use it.
Well, that's why I use it.
I use all words on this show because I think that if we, we still, that old J thing, one of the many ugly things that came out of that whole deal was this idea that people have to constantly lie.
Like everybody was so shocked that Mark Firmany, police officer, actually used the, the inwards.
It's like, as it was the same as asking Clinton about, did he have sex with Monica Lewinsky?
Of course, he was going to say no.
And of course, Mark Firmany was going to lie about it.
But everybody uses that word, blacks, whites, everybody uses the inwards, says nigger.
So what's the big deal about it?
It's like everybody says, faggot, including people who are gay, including myself.
Who cares about words?
Well, I agree.
I almost got fired for using the word once.
And, you know, it was, it was a purely an accident.
And it wasn't, it wasn't using it the meaning way in any way.
You know, it was just, I was excited to keep it was doing really well in class.
You know, just a boy, a call on the carpet for that one.
And it should be, but it's, you were excited he was doing well in class and said, well, what a smart little nigger you are.
No, not well.
Well, I mean, I can't, I'm trying to, I'm trying to envision what the circumstances might have been, you know.
No, it's, well, I mean, what did you say?
Not a bad test score for a little nigger like you?
No.
I mean, what is that?
No, it wasn't, it wasn't, it wasn't quite that.
No.
Yeah.
But it was, uh, I'm trying to remember the first one.
No, well, okay, don't, but just don't forget that we're not going to go there.
Don't go there.
But don't say, don't go there, please.
I mean, that's another one of these 90s cliche.
Oh, don't even go there.
Oh, God.
Okay, listen, let's have closure on this call.
Thank you.
If I hear the word closure or don't even go there, I can't take it no more.
Okay.
Because I'll tell you one thing every time I hear either one of those things.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Just like that.
Or in my underwear, one of the other.
It puts a dark brown substance in my pantaloonies.
Every time I hear that.
Oh, if we could just get closure on this.
By the way, let's see.
Who killed John Bonay now this week?
Let's see, is it the brother this week?
They had a pretty interesting piece on A&E, which by the way, for those of you with an IQ larger than your thumbnail A&E,
even though I cannot stand Bill Curtis.
Oh, maybe it's just been too much Bill Curtis, you know?
Because he always stands there with that very like he's talking down to the audience, you know?
Like he's lecturing us and scolding us.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, enough of you already, Bill Curtis.
Get somebody else in there.
Like get some more Peter Graves, get them off the biography.
Show them to do something else before he croaks.
But they do have some pretty interesting stuff on there.
And what the hell was I going to talk about?
It was about what I saw on there.
Just, I just forgot.
Because I got all wrapped up with John Bonay.
Oh, yeah, about John Bonay.
Thank you.
Oh, thank God for Joe once today.
And because it's not a sports thing.
Although it has become almost kind of a sport.
Yeah, they had like a two hour special on there.
And they did make a good point, even though I still think what I've done it, maybe both.
But, you know, first there was in the tabloids.
Oh, definitely John did it.
The father did it.
Okay.
Then, oh, she wrote the ransom note.
Definitely the mother did it.
And now definitely a book.
Isn't that his name?
The brother?
The brother did it.
Every week thing, every couple of weeks thing.
I saw definitely a soul and so did it.
They all did it.
Maybe they all did it or maybe the dog done it.
It's four minutes till noon at 5.
60 WQM.
The Hank Goldberg show cut up from Shulahsett to a clock.
And then we got Geldie's going to be, let me say it again.
I apologize to Geldie.
You're not the biggest suckle on that morning show.
Geldie, you are annoying, but you're not the biggest suckle of all.
You're not even in a league.
You're not even in the same league with the little dog.
Geldie, beyond from 6 to 70, has got the pregame show before the hockey game.
7-30 tonight we got the Panthers and the New York Islanders with Ziggy Palfy.
Look out.
I want to bang in the butt, honey.
Okay.
Okay.
What?
This is never a doubt.
We should just take him now.
Who sings?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Come to back at downtown.
Blow it to the ground.
Who sings?
By the way, we're giving him a few more shots today.
He's gonna get killed.
Each is blind, full of flies, he'll be died.
Who sings?
Here it is.
How harass you can kiss you want to inspect this who sings?
Let them.
If we had a boat, your mother looks like goat who sings.
He just flies, full of flies, he'll be died.
Who sings?
He's insane.
He's insane.
He's insane.
He's insane.
He's insane.
He's insane.
We know they're standing down.
You know that we have one insane.
Because we have the next to the shore, I rack who sings.
You hurt, he just flies, we like guys, he resides.
Who sings?
Don't you try and deny, say bye bye.
Who sings?
Who sings?
You have a little strange there, you ask that a racket stands fire.
They hit us, but we hit a back.
Let's go in there and finish him off.
So is the content of all these bleeding.
Oh, but the poor racket people, that's the way the world is.
The world isn't perfect.
If we're just gonna sit back using that as an excuse,
he'll let him build up his arsenal of crap and then release all the chemical weapons in the air.
How about some anthrax for lunch today?
There you go.
Anyway, our center one total is 124,000, 631, but of course that only includes one border.
So all the other said, we got way over 125.
I have a feeling we could do about 130 grand this year.
Oh, man.
For an aging old Jew on a mediocre sports station, not bad.
For the first year out of the box, next year we'll do it right.
Believe me, we will do it right.
And we won't be listening to somebody upstairs.
Thomas, where we're gonna be going on the road.
I don't want to mention her name again, because I do appreciate the book.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Miami.
Yes, sir.
First time calling.
Long time listening.
Yeah.
One of your younger listeners over here.
Yes, sir.
And I want to talk about two things, actually.
Basketball strike.
I was at the mall with a friend the other day.
Yeah.
We happened to pass by an MBA store.
I won't give any names.
Because it's not right.
No, it's somebody planned to.
Why am I rising?
It's a heat player.
I'm still not gonna say any names.
Bob Davies.
No.
And he asked for his autograph.
And he told me to make it out.
No, he told me to make it out.
Merry Christmas.
How much is it?
It belongs a morning, yeah.
Probably.
I won't say anything.
Probably, okay.
And he told me to make it out.
Merry Christmas in his name.
The players told Mary with an A and Christmas with two S's.
Yeah.
And you're gonna wonder why these guys are trying to find ways to get the strike.
And Sampi is girlfriend, Mary Christmas.
Yeah, it might be.
And about that.
Something about S.
The basketball players do a lot about S.
Yeah, they probably do a lot about that.
Well, I think that ends with A S.
They always put an extra S on it.
Yeah, probably.
Themphasize the S.
And about that black man in the college,
there's just a few minutes ago preaching black people in religion and church.
I thought he was gonna break into a course if I got out of them.
Or I got rid of them.
I was talking like that.
Or Jesus was with us.
Of course, white people sang that song.
What are they?
He's sitting here preaching black people in church and the dancing.
How many NSL players do you think actually go to church?
Or they may be Reggie White?
Who would you want?
He'd be the only one.
He's gonna tell me the dirty bird dances are in church from Sunday morning.
Yeah, more on Orlando's than he'd be doing the dirty bird in church.
Yeah, he's doing the dirty bird in church.
Oh, preaching.
I could, I could tell.
What do you think they call them the Atlanta Falcoons by the way?
Yeah.
That's probably what it is.
Okay, pal.
Listen, have a great happy New Year and say hi to Lyons to Zo.
Just say no to Zo.
Got it.
Okay.
We have an open, just say no to Zo and all the other goons here in the NBA.
I said goons.
We have an open line of date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line.
Like I said, the words don't mean anything.
Okay.
Now it's all up to you people's.
That's what it's all about.
You're gonna behave like an ordinary normal or real.
It's like I'm always talking about these silly minting baggets that go out in these gate pride parade.
Dressed up like Priscilla, okay?
Quite frankly, I'm embarrassed and humiliated seeing some some baggets out there dressed up like Priscilla putting on some pansy ass candy ass routine because it creates an ugly.
It's it's solidifies and fortifies a grotesque ugly stereotype.
And when he's other, and then Joe is telling me that one of the TV stations last night they had a whole piece they were all doing the dirty bird.
This is a substitute for a quality product.
You see, they want you to put a lot of money out to go see crap to go see teens like San Diego Chargers.
They go see teens like Kansas City and they go see teens like the New York Giants and they go see teens like the Tampa Bay Bucket here.
I could name it like 90% of the league and they all suck.
Cincinnati Bengals.
I mean, just on and on and on you go where it stops nobody knows.
Washington Redskins.
There's another great team for just it's pathetic.
It's garbage.
Lost hands and they are out of service me.
The St. Louis Rams.
How soon they forget.
So instead of putting in quality product because it's all greed.
It's all based on TV money and how much more we can get our piece of the pie.
So we have to pretend that we got all the stick going on here for you to make it exciting.
Now what what the hell was I watching the other day in the first the first damn thing.
So I mean they hadn't even oh I was a Minnesota game on Saturday.
Did you see any of that before before the kickoff before the kickoff.
We go down the inner field.
They've just tossed it in the coin to and actually got the head they got the heads on the right head in the tail.
I got their tail and here we go.
Here comes out of the stands WPA loud is booming it's blasting the Vikings are getting ready to kick off and here we go.
Come on everybody get into it.
But he wants to work out.
Well you can something like a just one more time.
Come on.
Here we go.
Oh!
That's not my cute bag and I started jagging.
It's no jaggery flex.
Oh!
Listen it sounds like an elephant farting.
Oh!
It's horrible.
It's horrible.
Thank you.
Now they do the dirty bird to Gary Glitter so they do that.
Now yes.
Now we're talking there we go the dirty bird to Gary Glitter.
In fact we're going to replace the whole halftime show.
We don't need to see the highlights of those other scumbag games.
They're mostly garbage teams anyway.
Plus we got the playoffs coming.
There's only a few games.
How long can we do with that?
And who the hell wants to see an illiterate jackass like Terry Bradshaw.
They're going to see a lot of people on there anyway.
They're going to make it a total.
All he's going to say hello and you know he's a moron.
He just sees his put on there and you're saying he's an ass.
That's right.
200 million people looking Terry Bradshaw.
And they're all saying he's an ass.
We're nodding their head.
Yeah.
Okay.
So instead of seeing that bull crap with all these 25 jocks plan
to grab ass routine with each other.
Let's have the dirty bird at halftime to the to Gary Glitter.
Get a 90 share reason.
We have an opalanted date.
5 6 7 0 5 60 and Tom 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
And we're going to have a little food here today or what?
I mean it's Monday.
It's hot.
Joe Costell says yes.
Because he don't get enough a lot over there in that other toilet.
In fact, I think, oh, and guess what we had here today.
I forgot to mention it.
We got so much crap going on.
We had an extra.
Now Greg Reid brought the guy down.
But it's I don't think that this guy's like paid.
Did you get that impression?
Because Greg said to me, he said, well, the guy's a big fan of yours.
And he heard you talking about the fact that we haven't had an exterminator.
We got all these ants and roaches and crap crawling around.
So I think it was probably a freebie, which we like best, especially Roots Chris, by the way.
Here's Halendale.
Hello.
Well, happy holiday, Neil.
Back to you, sir.
Happy and I've been not in the audience.
Yes, I hope it's a good one.
But listen, you know, first off, I want to start with saying Lamar Thomas has as much business
doing what he does.
And Moll has leavened above the ground.
But celebrations are one thing.
You know, ants celebrations have been going on for long to end dolphins with a
Hanky Steelers with a towel.
Right.
Even Hanky that acted.
That was my rank Colts, the terrible towels.
Yeah.
What about the Octopyle, the ice and the rats on the ice?
You know, but we're individuals just to say.
By the way, was Rick Weaver with a Hanky?
I thought he'd give him a credit since nobody knows from him anymore.
Right.
But you know, these athletes, not only are they making more money than they ever deserve,
but each one I've got to stand out.
And Bob, I think the Green Weenie and Pittsburgh don't forget that, the Green Weenie.
Yeah.
But the one thing that's really fixing Microw, you know who was one of the proponents has started
all this individual celebration.
And what is that?
A white man, Mark Gaston, however, that's just that candy for his tenacil, yes.
And he still is an asshole.
Right.
Anyway, I just wanted to bring that up and have a great holiday.
You need to.
Come on, everybody, it's a pretty word.
On your white people, on your spirts is out there, on your goof.
On your people, it's cancer, you're all watching out of the R.E.A.
Let me make it a different.
It's going to be at no rhythm, no soul.
The plan is Jimmy Dean.
That's it.
On your yellow out there, potentially, it's a disaster.
I'm doing it for the Gary Glitter, baby.
Oh, boy, does that feel good.
Every time that music stops.
And you know damn well, now we'll say this.
The last couple of a Panther games I noticed, even though the people who are maybe it's not
maybe they haven't changed the music, maybe just it's a one in Tel Avivore, you can't
tell what music is playing.
That'll be a real test tonight.
I don't want to start getting let's see.
We'll get there.
I'll see if the escalator is going to be working tonight.
That's number one.
Two games in a row at the $200 million National Car Rectal Center.
The escalator has worked.
Oh, they don't reverse it.
So that late in the game, if you want to leave it's going down, it's still going up.
But you know nothing's perfect.
That would that would take a little bit of brain power, a little part, a little bit of planning on somebody's part over there.
It doesn't have a brain to what plan.
Then of course, we'll see about that PA system.
If we can understand what that poor bastard is trying to say.
I mean, not a word.
If your life depended on it, you couldn't understand what this guy is saying.
Then we'll see about the time clocks, the penalty clock, the time of day.
You know, time stands still at the National Car Rectal Center.
The last game that Washington gave and believed me it was slow mo.
So could have time, could have stood slow.
6.08 pm the entire night.
When I got there, it was 608.
When I left it was still 6.08.
There you go.
Frozen in time.
So that's another thing.
Oh, and of course the goal, like the red light, will we be able to see when it goes on?
No.
If indeed we ever score that in.
No.
There you go.
Just some things to watch for.
They're always giving me these Randy Moulders.
I always tell you the pointers to watch for in the game tonight.
Those are some of the things to watch for the National Car Rectal Center tonight.
Do any of the accoutrements work and of course does anybody really care?
No.
Of course they don't care because they're having a good time.
They're doing the wave.
They got their P2WR, a blow up dials.
And they're happy.
Here's Pemberg Pine.
Hello.
What's up, Neal?
Yes, sir.
As an African American who played both high school and college football played a Y receiver.
I went to a Jesuit high school and our coaches went on a lot of things and liked that.
You know, you lost your scholarship.
Right.
And when I went to college, that was the norm.
Everybody was doing stupid stuff.
Yeah.
I think it's part of our coaches.
You know, if you got hard coaches that won't let you do that, you won't do it.
But I do think that you failed to understand it.
There are some cultural differences.
And some people do celebrate and some people don't.
But what does that mean?
Cultural difference.
I give you an example.
When soccer, when they score a goal, they go crazy.
Yeah.
It's the culture of the sport and culture of the people.
And that's what I think.
I don't think you can understand it.
But I think it's more the bottom line.
If your coach lets you do it, you're going to do it.
If your coach doesn't, then you got control.
And he's supposed to.
You ain't going to do it.
Yeah.
So I think that's the bottom line.
But when you say it's cultural, see in soccer, first of all, they don't score that many goals to begin with.
It's a very dull and boring and ponderous game.
And so when they score a goal, it's like a major event like, oh my god, something really happened here.
But in football, I mean, if you're going to do that on every time a guy makes a catch, how many pass some on you right there?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
You don't do that every catch back.
But when you do it.
But Lamar Thomas didn't do it after a touchdown.
Yeah, he was dumb about.
He was a native of the bottom.
But that's just one guy.
Yeah.
But the dirty burden on other BS you got going on.
I mean, that's just part of the NFL.
They perpetuate that behavior in college and in some high schools.
And then when you get to the pros, it's the norm.
So what you're going to do, you know, that's just part of the normal acceptable behavior.
And it shouldn't be that way because you do look stupid.
But some of us, my brother, I mean, he's here every time he scored a high school.
He went nuts.
It depends on what's your values are and the way you are and what longs you're used to and what longs you're accepting dullings that.
Sorry, sorry.
But are you really saying that when a black guy scores a touchdown, he's that much more excited than when a white guy scores a touchdown?
You're saying that.
I'm not saying that.
You know, I'm asking you.
I'm not saying that.
I totally disagree with that.
I think it depends on a person.
There's a white guy that plays for Texas Tech.
And I remember playing against me.
But for the dolls of the now.
Every time he got a second in college, my boy went nuts.
Yeah.
That promise, but it was acceptable.
You know, and his and his own world, that was acceptable to him.
But he doesn't do that now.
And he gets a big sack.
He'll go, you go a little crazy.
A little bit.
He doesn't do the dirty bird.
Not yet.
Maybe next week, maybe in that playoff game.
Well, I don't think it's different.
You're black and white depends on a person.
I can guarantee you want them.
It's getting out of control.
Yeah.
It is.
And they need to be more penalties, more things like that.
But, you know, Neil, I think you have to open your mind up a little bit to different cultures.
You know, you just stuck them with your own culture.
And that open up white.
Maybe that's my problem, too, then white.
No, I got to do a white.
Just open yourself up to different people.
It doesn't make it right or wrong.
We're all different.
There is no one.
No, we got Jews.
We got Hispanics.
We got, you know, we got, yeah.
Go.
We got everything going down here.
And you have to be open.
If you want to survive down here, be able to live.
You got to be yourself up to all these different cultures.
Yeah.
But anyway.
Now, here's the question that nobody has ever examined.
How do Hispanic football players respond when they score a touchdown?
Man, they show few done.
And they may not score.
And that's my point.
You won't get an answer because there aren't any.
Well, the ones that play in college, they all play off as a lineman.
There wasn't high school.
You know, there might be a couple specialty players like the kid that you played a core part of that play against when I was in high school.
But you ate too many Hispanics and I go being big time skill positions.
Yeah, well, let them stick with their soccer.
Okay.
Yeah.
There you go.
Later, brother.
Have a great day.
Okay.
We have an open line of pride.
I think this guy had some interesting points.
And what were they?
Oh, he did.
We have an open line of pride.
I'm too white.
Okay.
I have to open up my eyes and get to avenues.
And maybe I'm wrong.
Maybe I'm embarrassing myself here today as saying that when I see a guy doing something like that,
I decided myself what a professional.
I'm a little...
Oh, nigga, man.
That's what I think.
I can't stand it.
It's a tremendous turn off to me.
And I don't care whether a ball player is black or white or he makes no difference to me.
If he's a good player, hey, more and more, he's a nice player.
Great catch.
Great run.
Whatever the hell it was.
I was a Cleveland Browns fan growing up, man.
I was dyed in the wool.
And who was the great player?
Who was the great player?
Jim Brown, Bobby Mitchell.
Black as they come.
Jim Brown.
Great player.
Did he ever pull that crap?
No.
Of course not.
And it was the black guys that were the great players.
I mean, they had the two great guards.
Who the hell were they?
I can't even remember at this point.
But I mean, milk plum.
After Otto Gray, milk plum was the next quarterback that comes to mind.
He was garbage.
He was mediocre at best, but they had a great team around him.
So you don't remember milk plum in the eight days in the fifties.
The Browns.
You remember him, Jim Brown and Bobby Mitchell.
Two open lines in date.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless.
See, and of course it perpetuates because when people see this crap in the media and assholes like Jim Berry and these other people
wherever you were told me was I had it on last night on the news and when they make a big, like it's great.
Like it's something that we ought to be excited about and it's like a part of the game now.
Then everybody starts imitating it.
It's like you now you watch an Abol game and you know, here's a, here's a pass on the sideline.
It's a complete, is it incomplete?
The cat received her bobbles it.
And here's the defensive back for the other team and he's motioning incomplete.
He's already given a signal because he's growing up watching this on television.
And so all of his reactions are based on what he's seen on television.
He's given it the old, you know, incomplete.
No good.
So maybe Howard Beale had a point.
We have an open line in date.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 and pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless on Howard.
Who? Kosa, like I said.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Hey, watching the Panthers from the beginning and realizing the biggest blunder they ever made was obviously getting rid of Stewie.
Seeing up, you know, the Pittsburgh couple weeks ago dumping the fourth line.
I was wondering if the egos up top might be saying, well, maybe we made a mistake.
Sure, sure. This nonsense is so ridiculous.
The last thing in the world that this team needs back is Stu Barnes.
It's too late. We've already got the little guys on this thing.
You can't build a team around little guys.
I just started, you know, the way he hustled and everything that we don't have, that we're missing it.
You know, we're missing that blue collar, that mentality that we used to have.
It's just not there anymore.
Yeah, well, I, and if they were going to assume that Dino is never going to be healthy and he's never going to play again,
then I would say, yeah, we need Stu Barnes to be great to have on the power play.
But we've already got Ray Whitney and Dino sister.
Really, how many little guys can you have on one team?
True, but if the big guys can't do it, we know.
Sir, the answer was absolutely positively no.
I hear this talk in the stands, the game of the Washington game.
They're all talking, oh, we're read about Stu Barnes.
We're going to get to, we don't need Stu Barnes back.
In addition to which Brian Murray hated Stu Barnes when he was there the first time.
So unless he's trying to suck up to the fans, why in the world would Brian Murray go out there and get Stu Barnes now?
It makes no sense.
Please, excuse me for trying to talk hockey pretend seconds in this town because it's, you know, like in Toronto,
98% of the people are hockey fans, 2% or not.
Here it's exactly the other way around.
2% of the people are hockey fans, 98% wouldn't know a hockey puck from a goddamn lenders bagel.
And that's just the fact of life. That's the way it is.
It's depressing to me, but I'm not talking about just bodies and seats.
It's a social event.
If you go to the game tonight, if you're in from out of town, if you're in from New York, God forbid you and I own your family.
And you go to that game tonight.
It's a nice looking arena. Nothing works too well, but it's a nice looking place.
But you'll notice that most of the people aren't knowledgeable fans.
They're there because somebody gave them the tickets or they got part of a package with 20 other people and you'll see them once every two months.
They're not fans. They don't understand that they haven't got any idea what's going on.
And if they were real fans, they wouldn't be just neo-rogyz on the radio screaming, you can't see when a goal light comes up when a goal is scored.
There isn't one other place in a whole league. 2017.
There isn't one other city in North America where the fans would tolerate that.
There'd be 50,000 calls. There'd be days saying, what is wrong with you people?
This is supposed to be a sporting event. We're paying $57 a ticket to sit in the lower bowl.
And we can't see the red light. Come on. What a goal is scored.
And these people, they don't care about that. And you want to know why?
That's right. Maybe have it a good time, baby.
I ride. Look at that. There's my sports. Look down this car board.
Thank you.
And that's just the way it is. I mean, you know, I can get all bent out of shape about that.
But what's the point? I mean, that just is the way it is. You have to accept it.
I may not be happy about it, but that's that's off Florida.
And even when you talk other sports here, I'm in fact, I'm getting all wrapped up in sports day.
Why am I doing that? Maybe the punish you already.
We ever decide about lunch, by the way. Well, let's decide about lunch.
What are we going to do for lunch? Are we going to get that's too late for pizza lot?
He won't be here soon enough. I guess Chuck or Crosse Street would be good.
Only today. Now, he must have, yeah, he's got tomato sauce over there, right?
He must have. Because I want my meatballs with onions and tomato sauce.
No cheese, just meatballs with onions and tomato sauce.
Boy, the stuff that I've been reading about cooked tomatoes and cooked tomato sauce and pizza sauce.
Like a penis edit the stuff that's in there that there's a great the natural substance against the prostate cancer and all kinds of other all kinds of other great stuff.
What am I looking into a Carville book for that? I guess it's not in there.
Well, it's in some book I got here somewhere. I don't know. I got somebody.
I'm one of those people that reads like two, three, four books at the same time, which is more of course than most people in America reading their lifetime.
Well, we don't have time to be reading. Okay, man. We're busy doing the goddamn dirty duck or whatever it is.
The anathy chicken, the funky chicken.
Here's a lady in dear field beach. Hello.
Are you talking to me? Oh my God. It's a you. My, my ear is falling down.
Why? It's falling down? I've been holding on. Only for you. I hold so long.
Well, you're not going anywhere. Twenty two minutes. It's not that bad.
That's all. That's twenty two minutes a week.
I'm going to start it. Listen. Are you working Friday? No, I am not.
Oh, are you going away? Not that I know of. I just might. It'll be a long boring holiday weekend.
You never know. I'm a customer. I'm always hopping out of planning going somewhere. You know me. Yes.
When you got it, spend it. Well, I had a busy time. Yeah. I had a tooth removed.
Really? I had my annual physical. Yeah, but you know something. You're a spot in life.
You ought to be glad you got teeth to be removed. I said all my own. That's right.
It's just like my mother instead of soaking them in a glass. You got your real teeth. There you go.
Oh, fine. I know. I've always said as long as you have your teeth, you've got what more could you want, right?
And I got new glasses. Right. And my brother-in-law turned 90. We had a party.
A cock-a-moon party. A cock-a-moon party. Yeah. And that's it.
Well, great. So you had a good conica? Yes. Very nice. My nephew, my late son, Crop, came down.
Yeah. He came down to the party. To the party, yeah.
Yeah. And he was here for four days. So we had a nice time.
Great. Yeah. Okay. So I want to wish you and George a very happy and a healthy new year.
And Joe too, because George isn't here today. I know he isn't. Okay. Yeah.
Have a happy. Don't forget. Cock-a-moon. Cock-a-moon. She had 99. I love you. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
There she is. Well, as long as she's okay, we're okay. And what did I do with that facet?
It's that about my toilet seat. That's the important stuff. Forget about this other craft.
Said, all you need to do is go to Home Depot and buy a couple of bolts. Then the bolts aren't broken. It's the little bracket.
I got to get a new toilet seat. Is what I got to do. I mean, I can afford. I mean, trust me. I can afford to get a new toilet seat.
But it's the thing that attaches to the top of the rear of the toilet that the bolts connect with.
It's just it's a brochan, as they say. Is that what they say, Josh Freeman?
That's what they say. That is what they say when they look when they're over there on the gas strip and they're looking around.
There's the Palestinians over there on one side and the Jews on the other side. It's a brochan. That's what they say.
Somehow I get the feeling Josh Freeman don't know as Yiddish really too well. You know, he's good at it like that. But he know to not to get on the Yiddish.
Like mood. I've told you. Oh, he doesn't see a sport is a sports nerd. A Jewish sports nerd. That Jewish sports nerd.
But as bad as he used to be, he knows he's also bad. Yes. He's busy watching the press conferences.
What now? What he told me now all the coaches are getting fired. Yeah. And who cares? What difference is it made?
May there are any surprises that we know they're all getting fired, especially when you got a team like the Eagles, which I left out of my list of grotesque unbelievable teams that nobody could possibly.
But we know why he's getting fired because he's black. Huh? If it was dusty roads, if it was a white guy, and if it was Randy roads, I probably still have.
Maybe if he gets a dirty bird, he does. If Ray Roads would have done the dirty bird yesterday and the Eagles, so what did they, I'm sure they didn't got the crap pounded out of him again, then he still have his job.
You dirty bird. Here's a fact by the way that I think is very interesting. By the way, we're going to be doing a break here.
It's this great. No, no spots radio. I like it. We've gone from one extreme to the other. We actually get the little momentum going here.
Here's the fact that says nearly hit the nail on the head when you said that every time you watch one of these jocks, dance around on the field.
The first thing that comes to mind is what a thing nigger. I can't agree with you more. Why don't they just start singing mommy while they do a job? You get the same results time Fred.
Yeah, let's get Al Jolson out there. Mammie. I mean, seriously, it's a very, very, ugly thing.
And you people out there that keep defending it, man. You ought to be telling your kids, stop acting like a jibass nigger and start acting like a civilized human being.
And put your emotions a little bit under control. Under control. That's what life is supposed to be about.
Be enthusiastic, but under control a little bit. And have a little goddamn decorum.
We have an open line in the Broward 5, 6, and well, what's wrong with that? Why do you have to go a shot? And as far as the soccer players are concerned, does anybody here care about soccer?
No, don't forget about them. We're now can't be burdened with their behavior and they're ripping their shirt off and believe me, put it back on. I mean, you ever seen those soccer players? Jesus.
I know what I've discovered is that soccer is for the ugly Europeans. The ones that can't do anything else, they all go and play soccer because the soccer people got to be the ugliest guys on the face of the earth next to rugby players.
28 past noon and then cricket players at 560 WQM.
New from the National Scientific Research Institute comes the product guaranteed to revolutionize the healthcare industry.
To do an improve, I can't believe it's not an animal. And now from the President's Council on Health, actor Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Yes, this product will clean your poop like nobody's business. Excuse me, sir. I'm not demonstrating.
Who me? Well, I really don't shut up and band over. Stop being a little girl.
Hey, hey, that feels great. One in animal. It's not an animal. It's not an animal at all. It's new. I can't believe it's not an animal.
That's right. The brand new. I can't believe it's not an animal. Now with cutting edge, leap-proof technology.
No mass, no fast, no dootian, no shoes. Get yours today.
Proff. 32 at 560 WQM. Now that ties right in what we're talking about today. See, when you go to the product colleges, it feels very uncomfortable because you have this natural inclination to be embarrassed and humiliated and feel very uncomfortable when somebody sticks anything into your rectum.
But see, the obvious response to that is, oh no, you're really enjoying it. It's just the cultural barriers that you've, yeah. See, that's bull crap. It's a squeamish thing. It's grotec. Get out of there already. You know what I'm saying?
It's like all you guys got there hitting on these women trying to, you know, we've talked about that until we're blue in the push. Yeah, oh yeah, oh really feels great. No, it doesn't. It's coming. No, it's a, you just have a culture block. You just been brainwashed into believing that it hurts. It feels great.
Oh man, no, what's this not? God, there are a few things in life. I'm going to go when they do what they call it. When they give the proctologists goes beyond just the initial with the finger. I mean, that's embarrassing and better and screened enough. But when they stick the little thing, what the hell do they call that?
I can't think of it, but you know what I'm talking about and they stick the instrument and man, you are just just dying. You're all get that thing out of me already. Elmo, just get it out of there.
Oh no, it's really great. It's just your, you've been brainwashed. You're taking cultural barrier. Everything is cultural, okay? Yeah, that's always a good excuse. Like Sheldon drugs on a street corner. That's cultural. Here's Coral Gable. Sheldon.
Neil, yes, God, two things for you. First of all, I hate going to the hockey games and having to be the only person in my section that understands what's going on out there at the ice because I feel like I might as well have.
What section are you in? Wherever I happen to get tickets, I work in media. So you know, wherever I happen to get tickets. Well, I'm in 101. So there's two sections now that we know of that it got at least one person that knows what the game is about. It's a annoying. And Howard Cumberg and his wife across from me. So that's two more. So that's four. It's what's I think what's the blue line like this? And it gets frustrating.
For 50 years now, this is the 60 year and part of the problem being that you have different people at every game. And that is different people every game. You look around you. There's a whole bunch of different people there. Very rarely you see the same people two games in a row.
It's much more important for them to get on their cell phone and go talk to somebody in another section. Say, hey, who can make?
See, if you're if you're one and they price the fans out of it back in the olden days, you go and you see the same people in the same seats, especially in the good seats in lower bowl year after year. But now they price people out so they have to divide it up. And they can you know, how many how many games can the average person afford to go to not many at all.
And I'm going to tell you that I really mean this if I didn't get my tickets free from this joint, I would I would say skip it. You know, the place is two minutes from my house. I still wouldn't go because the quality of what they're putting on there of that performance out there in a whole ambiance with nothing works in the goal. I don't come. I wouldn't pay for that.
And I got 57 bucks to sit there to watch the game. I left as soon as they scored the second goal. We flew out of there like a cannon shot as much as I love hockey. I agree with you 100%.
But more importantly, yes, sir, and watching the pregame shows yesterday, Neil, the dirty bird is a contrived choreographed. Right.
And well, that's what you always say before the it's bad enough that they do all this bull crap. But the fact that they're choreographing now, it started out with what it tells me is that the game. There are so many bad teams. It's like early in the year. They were bitching about all Monday. That football. The ratings are way.
The ratings were down so badly is because they're all these bad teams, all these bad matchups. And people, you know, you can only fool people for so long. You put a crap product out there. People are going to fly away from it and drove.
It's more important for these guys to not worry about whether or not they're going to have a good performance out there on the field. But what they're going to do when they get me in zone to my Anderson's sisters picked up on it.
And the tight end, OJ San Diego is the one who started it is sisters picked up on it and taught him how to perform the dirty bird so that he would get on national television every single time.
Oh, man, it's pathetic. But that's the state of football in it.
I think they have two different team meetings. You know how they watch the game films of the team that they're going to play the next day.
And then the dance. No, I think I think they have one one meeting where they watch the actual game itself, the plays. And then they have another one for the choreography and the dancing.
It's really gotten out of control and I'm with you 100% on that one. Okay, pal. Have a happy New Year.
We have an open line at Dave County 5 6705 60 and of course, you know, there's a segment of the public out there who soaks this in. I think it's really great because they're forgetting the fact that this is a substitute for what really is supposed to be exciting out there, which is supposed to be the game.
But they have to keep embellishing and embellishing and adding because the product quite frankly in any of these sports is crap.
I mean, does it take a rocket scientist to figure out that if you used to have whatever legal was if you had 18s, you had 16s and the NHL, whatever number of teams you had.
And even then you had some bad teams.
I mean, the population of the country, thank God, isn't reproducing at that astronomical rate. And in hockey, if it weren't for the fact that they had the European players, they'd all look like the God, them.
I was going to say, Rochester, Amherst, that would be a compliment is it looked like little league like Peeley hockey is what they would look like.
2017's when there used to be six. It doesn't take a brain surgeon to figure out that you can't you can only take so much talent and spread it out.
That's why you got guys in baseball who hit two 20 that are making two and a half three million dollars a year.
And you're supposed to pay for it.
And like the guy says before, but there's a cream of the crop.
Right. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Well, near how you know, for time callers, long time listener.
Yes, sir.
One thing I want to start with is I want to thank Barry Sanders for never spaking the ball.
Hey, there's the best running back in football today. The best running back in the national football league. And he doesn't do that. Jive has crap.
Yeah, he scores a million times, runs a million yards and hands the ball to the rough and goes on his business.
And you know, you never saw Gail Sears do it. You didn't see a Walder Peyton do it. You didn't see Jim Brown do it.
Did you ever say any of these guys do it?
And the second thing I have.
That's a cultural thing.
Yeah, right. Second thing is I held out and I'm buying your CD.
My wife, I played you know, a little bit before Christmas it was supposed to be a present for me.
Yeah.
So I'm like, yeah, I'm going to go get a no get. You'll get that CD and she's telling me, oh, yeah, you're going to ruin your present.
Well, here comes Christmas. What do I get? No CD. No, near Rogers.
Yeah.
So you know, next day I go shopping. Do they have new Rogers and borders of Boynton?
No. Do they have it in plates?
No, no, not my any. No, nowhere. No.
So here I am, Christmas Eve or after Christmas. And all I got side to.
I need side one. Where do I go?
You have to call center one. Maybe the only ones that have any apart one left.
Because they don't know if they're restocking and I don't know anything.
Yeah.
You know that these borders. So the center one would be the place.
Yeah, five six three three six hundred.
All right. Neon. I say I didn't know it was a God. So I started listening to you.
And God bless you, sir. Have a great meeting.
Okay. We have an open line of date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
By the way, is the QM van going out today?
No. No.
Okay. I realize it's this. This is kind of a week that doesn't exist. I understand that.
There's no ratings going on now. We basically have no spots.
And the fact that we have no spots is basically everybody's saying, well, you know,
we know nobody's listening. Everybody's out of town.
They're all busy with their little crap. They're getting ready to bring in all the booze for New Year's Eve.
And maybe they got a point. Although I'll be honest with you.
We've had a few calls here today, which surprises the crap out of me.
I thought we're going to have to play the racquet again all day today.
Maybe fact, I wouldn't have been surprised if we had to do all week this week.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Here's a coconut creek. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Good.
Yes, sir. How you doing? Great.
I was forgotten about a Martin Hank, his sesuistry.
I just mentioned that to me. I've forgotten about that.
I get physically ill when I see that. I can't stand it.
That's the ultimate. Yeah.
I want to get on that Elvis Christmas.
Sometimes today, you know, we're past the mess.
The tail of the Elvis Claus. Yeah, that's it.
Okay, you got it.
Yes.
Okay. We have an open line at day one and Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
We got hockey tonight, baby. The Panthers and Islanders. Any interest?
No. Anybody name anybody on the islanders besides Ziegman, Palfi?
No. Okay.
How about that goalie, Tommy?
What is it again? Come on. You can do it.
Oh, here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Tommy Salo. Very good. Excellent.
There you go. Here's the guy that knows his Swedes.
Before I get to Lamar, Thomas.
Yes. You were asking about the Hispanics.
You know, the O.J. Santiago started that stupid dirty birthday.
Somebody just mentioned that.
But he started it. He's a...
Leave it. Leave it.
It's our fix to start up with, you know, his figure knows him.
Do you know if, did anybody talk to you about Brian Cox's antics on the sidelines yesterday?
No. He went over to build par cells, grabbed him and started smacking him in the ass like twenty times.
Really? Right on camera.
So I think that's still should get a hold of that tape.
And the big catch right there on.
Yeah.
It was amazing. He just stood there smacking him over and par cells liking it.
He liked it?
Oh, he was loving it.
He worked all year for that.
Is it really?
Yeah.
Okay. A big like I named Brian just, uh, yeah.
Right. I want to bang you in the butt, Tommy.
About Lamar, Thomas.
Yes.
I got to be honest with you.
I never gave a damn about it.
Players in the NFL and what they did.
But, uh, since I read that book that you were talking about.
Frozen cons, which by the way, Lamar's pictures on the back, although we do all he's strained him stuff on that nice going Lamar.
Yeah. His picture is on the back, uh, yeah.
He's got his own chapter.
Yeah.
The whole chapter is about him.
Okay. Listen.
If you beat up your girlfriend in your own, in your own house and try him, that's one thing.
But the clue is that somebody else's house.
Yeah.
In front of everybody with no regard for anything, including a law, he's, uh, I can't stand him. He makes me ill.
I keep pointing for one of these big, one of these sort of big black guys to wipe him out.
Mm-hmm.
Maybe, maybe, uh, Saturday will be the day.
Yeah, it could be.
I like to see Bruce Smith get all of them.
It could be.
Yeah. Okay.
A lot of people forget.
I, okay, have a great day.
A lot of people forget.
I don't want to start getting into football.
Okay.
Other than Jimmy Johnson and Dan Reedle hate each other like poison and you can take that to the bank.
But I do want to say this.
A lot of people forget.
Although this kid played yesterday.
Johnson, the rookie quarterback played yesterday in a wall.
Who the hell did they play in?
Who wants?
Beat the crap out of him with him playing.
But they forget that flutty didn't play.
They had flutty, but he didn't play in that first game that Miami won it.
Remember?
And the kid, this Johnson, because that kid was so nervous in that game.
He was like peeing in his pants.
He had to keep changing his uniform 20 times during the game.
And then of course, flutty did play in the second game.
And it seems to me I could be wrong.
That buffalo won that game last time.
I'm not saying that buffalo is going to win the game.
I just mentioned that in passing for you to consider.
We have an open line of day 5 6 7 0 5 6 the in comp 5 6 the on the 18 T wireless line.
Here's Davy.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think it was Vince Lombardi.
He said he told me.
He told me.
He started the duken jab.
Am I right?
Yeah, right.
He told his players when they got to the end zone to act like they'd been there before.
So I don't think.
Can you imagine Vince Lombardi putting up with this crap?
No.
No way.
It will never get started.
Yeah.
And what about Shula?
Do you think Shula would have put up with too much of this crap?
No.
Okay, and have a great day and say how to Vince Lombardi.
Are we in tune with the we have an open line of the row at 5 6 7 0 5s.
I realize time is change but because time is change doesn't mean it's always a change for the better.
Don't hit me with 20 guys in the broadcast booth trying to dazzle me with their bull crap and playing grab ass with each other.
Enter a Bradshaw trying to put on an act like he's got a brain, you know, which we know he does not.
Don't try to.
Don't try to con an old, you know, a scumbag like me.
Give me a quality event out there that's worth investing your time and watching.
And then I'll say, hey, this was sidelating.
This was great.
But don't try to feed me a big son, Dan.
Thanks, Chuck, by the way, from the sub-center.
Just brought us a great lunch, which is always great.
And thanks, Nisi.
Or they great people.
And a year that we've been here and can you imagine the $50 billion worth of food?
In fact, George and I would both look like Rumble Stiltskin.
We're not for a chuck over the sub-center.
Great meats and great, their subs.
Good stuff.
Where we going?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
The Maritomis had that one good game against Denver.
Yeah.
And then a week later, they give them a contract extension.
Like he's the answer.
Yeah.
That doesn't make any sense.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, we have an open line of days.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I think they're forgetting what show they're talking to.
Okay, don't start talking to me about football.
Oh.
Don't start talking to me, it's trying to go with that football, okay?
Because I do not care, although Jimmy Johnson and Dan Reno
do hate each other like poison.
Thank you, Joe.
We got a little lunch in here.
Jesus Christ, this thing weighs about 40 pounds.
How much did she put in here?
I didn't think we were going to feed the whole block.
Okay, Nesey?
Man, oh man.
I know it's the holidays.
You probably act in very generous, et cetera,
which I always appreciate.
But holy crap.
Man.
Before even opening it, I can, wow.
Did you, look at that.
Can you see it?
This is enough for a lunch and for dinner.
I can even smuggle some of this in the,
I probably can sell it outside the macarena tonight.
Oh, by the way, Sean, I'll be there, okay?
Have no fear.
I'm sure Sean's listening right now.
I'll be out there right by the escalator,
hoping that it works tonight.
Where are we going?
Let's go to, by the way, I have a very interesting question
after I get my toilet seat fixed, and I worry about that
about whether I should have my mother committed.
I'll talk about that tomorrow.
Here's the crawl springs. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy New Year.
And back to you.
I would be willing to bet that it will not be
two minutes into the game tonight.
Yeah.
We're on the big screen.
They will be showing some assholes doing the dirty bird.
The dirty bird, yeah.
The funky chicken.
And if they don't show that, I can all look up there and go,
he's an asshole.
And that's what everybody will say,
but it will happen next soon if it takes that long.
Well, I'm sure of that.
In fact, that's probably going to take up most of the games
from now on.
Mm-hmm.
Last night on the TV, it was Hank Shapiro,
Duce's Rodgers, and two other Yahoo's doing this.
Thanks, Charles.
Frank Goldberg was doing the dirty chicken.
No, no, no.
The stinks Shapiro.
Oh, you think Shapiro.
You think Shapiro.
I think Shapiro.
I didn't think Shapiro.
I don't know. Maybe they are.
And Duce's Rodgers.
I don't know.
It was a fight to be seen.
Isn't that pathetic?
Oh, it's terrible.
And of course, you know Jim Berry is going to be running
with that on Channel 4, because he's, you know,
he will not be able to do that.
He will have a full-time ad.
He'll have a full-time ad.
And don't pre-empt a whole newscast tonight at five o'clock
for the dirty, other funky chicken.
You know, we were talking about Vince von Boddy before.
Yeah.
He's the one guy, also remember, one of his players
got in a fight in front of the other team's bench.
And the team started to go on a field.
And he made everybody stop and he said,
he deserves what he gets if he starts a fight
in front of the opposing team's bench.
And, and are these guys like, like,
the ones you just mentioned,
Duce's Rodgers, who happens to be black?
Are they really that stupid
that they don't understand the way that white america looks upon this
i don't think it
i think must be because it's like you look at this and you see oh my god
you're embarrassed to be on living right all by yourself you're embarrassed
for these joejos doing this stuff
and i mean you're not doing a white how should you be embarrassed
yeah and then they go and do it on the newscastle and you said and then you
like you know you're embarrassed again
they have to understand that this is not acceptable
other sports that the american
yeah
in your basketball for example i know you know that the internet
any show display of uh... showboding is that is that is a technical
out
and i mean that you don't see that you know when the rest of the store uh...
i think they're gonna have to start doing the nfl what they do in college i
know i think they overdo in college i mean uh... they can carry away with
the penalty but you know fifteen yards on sportsman like you kick off from
the year whatever
and uh... that's it i mean uh... for the bullcrab it's just got not a hand
when the last time you see mellowed the need of my pick up the park after
the score for the living in the stand of something yeah
what i just over the glass and hope everybody was that don't happen to
often okay listen ever great
back to you
okay we have an open-minded brow boy this lunch is great i hope i don't need
too much of it any because you give me about twenty pounds worth of the balls
here man
i think geney made this uh... today
all i got that that's a
god is this good stuff
what pretty lucky when we first came into this neighborhood i thought man
we're gonna get some good child around here
and thank god we find truck at the sub center
so anyway what if i can't say to uh...
parcels yesterday so much
okay
just checking
it's eleven before one and of course you know we got a lot of people on the
station who's continue to
build up these guys and glamorize them and they can do no wrong they're
wonderful people in the misunderstood bullcrab okay
bullcrab
here's a mobile in lake worth hello
a meal yes sir
couple early dancers in the nfl one of my mic make the gag
elmo right here remember him yes
number two mart gastin o
yeah we did this is the third mention for a gas and i am
all right really took on gas because he was white which goes to show that he
might
well i thought when i brought up that name i'd hear that sound of water going
into the toilet
that barf sound that you make
with the weather without the uh... toilet seat right
yeah when the dot the dolphin start partying like that on the field i always
have to change turned down the volume or look away or turn it off
uh... so obviously jimmy johnson
he stands for
uh... you say he stand for it he was he was the original not the original but
he was one of the most notorious of the gangster coaches and you have them
there you go
yeah don't you remember that that's the festival that very infamous the
festival when they went out there next and like a bunch of hot ass uh...
jive as uh... gangsters and they want to get in deep up and state
yep
i have one other thing you have you're asking for for an african american
field goal kicker in the nfl
uh... there was one i'm not going to be able to come up with his name but he
did play for Tampa Bay
and he played for the minute sort of Vikings and i think after he was after he
was out of the nfl he got indicted for heroin
don't eat with me
come up with it
what's it when a josh every night
you go you go you go
uh...
equate be quit
there you go
all right
here you go
so you know that i don't know that
i can't even spell it much less that all right i'll go and just have a great
taste
this josh free been boy he is just he's kind of like the uh... George Rodriguez
of sports
walking in cyclopedia of useless crap i mean just tons of it
george has got more information he can tell all kinds of things uh... you know
historical facts information most of it i mean nobody ever wants to hear
but great stuff
and a same with josh he is just a veritable walking in cyclopedia of sports
trivial not trivia the trivial crap
we have an open-ended county five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty on
the eight t and t wireless line with a bank or show its ulysses day two today
between two and six
and then we got guilty will be honest six o'clock tonight from the maca reena
and then seven o'clock guilty got the pregame show
pastors and the new york islanders islanders are starting to make a little bit
of a uh... move they got palphe back maybe you never know
we'll see
we'll see which panther team shows up tonight that's one thing it's always like a
guessing game and you go to the maca reena which team will show up tonight
here's four mires hello
right
love it now here man love you all right it's been
i'm from the york i used to go up amongst the college hockey games all the
time yeah
he said nobody does that
that crap i think is what he meant to get what crap with the messages what he
said
we have an open line and uh... date five six seven o five sixty
pound five sixty
on the eight t and two wireless line
say the difference being though hockey of course we do have now the n h
one commercial time out and they have dragged the game and sold it down
but nevertheless at least there's still a lot of action out there in your sixty
minutes
whereas in football which most of you don't admit but if i were you just one
time just for the uh... out curiosity state
sake tape tape a football game tape the entire telecast from the time the opening
kickoff
killed time the uh... clock to zero at the end of the fourth quarter
and then you and then go through it and see how actual how much actual
playing time there is out of those uh... three and a half almost four hours
sometimes that it takes to the play that game
they're really relatively speaking is so little action and now because the
network of networks have come up with these
billion and trillion dollar uh... deals now these contracts and paying out
these outrageous amounts of money they got to make their money back baby
so there is commercial after commercial after commercial
you have to worry about missing too much because you know much going on the first
place
so they got a juice it up maybe they got a spice it up with all kinds of a
kuturments all kinds of uh...
goofy things because they want you know it was like the slam down contest in the
NBA same thing
y'all star uh... all the uh... skills competition at the uh... n h a lost
their game because the game itself is meaningless because nobody hits
anybody so we've got all these big name star there it's a ridiculous
game so that all you have to skills competition who can shoot at the
hardest in the book to outgarn to you to the north beat that i'll make it
as any day out even if he is getting old
we have an open line and date five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty on the
eighteen two wireless line
here's a mobile in Miami hello
a meal yes sir
now you can take the the fun out of the sport
you know when you get a game the adrenaline going
yeah
i think
you get people you don't like the
oh you can't get people that don't like it on must be the fact that i'm
like a box
i'd be right to the young and try and i never see them doing it either good
point excellent
we have an open line in the
broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two
wireless line
now i'll skate people we just uh... we don't get all that emotional we see a
bunch of guys in real tight pants run out there grabbing each other around
the cracks we don't get all that here anyway we know what it is
twelve fifty five at five sixty wq amp
it's not just the one to two hour
it's a phenomenon
the service search warrant
on the which allowed them to view and photograph my body including my penis
my buttocks
a lot of
size
and the other
but they want it
oh they were young and didn't know
when i touched them back that i couldn't make it grow
and
and
is really
all i did was get
myself
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
uh...
real
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
We got mail they we got mail they I have flowers
They're the growth, aim of colony, use drop the soap
Day after day, the charges they grow that in a fucking life
I got the ratio
Just let me sleep with one more kid I promise not to repeat what I did
A minute deep mess but what the hey at least nobody out there thinks I'm gay
What the hey we got mail they
we got mail they we got mail they we got mail they we got mail they we got mail they
If you missed the nea Roger show yesterday on 610 Wiod you missed this
As the bird, yeah, bird how you doing? Okay. Listen, do me if they ever play anything because I can't stand listening to you
You start like a douchebag
Do I? Just do me if they ever play anything. Well, can I ask you a question before you go? Oh, God
You sound so stupid. I hate to talk to you. Yeah, go ahead. Why did you call me? I didn't call you
Not just to tell you not to say anything just play something
Oh, God can't stand it. Well, then why are you listening? I'll play something already
Why won't you answer my?
You won't see if you won't talk to me. Oh, we got a car here. Hello
That's our message on a show today, baby. We hate the bird, right? Oh
Dirty or otherwise
Well, you see it's just me. I'm an old part and I'm just I'm just not into this newfangled crap
You know, this is supposed to be where it's like the thing at the hockey game. It's the same thing
I'm like in a very tiny minority. I go there to see the game the rest of these people are juking and driving
They're watching themselves on a screen. This is America. They're glittering baby. They're all over the place
They're rocking their rolling and they really believe they're having a great time for their 57 bucks plus 30 or 40 for food and 10 for parking
They're having a hell of a time. All right
Here's a fort Lauderdale. Hello
Neil yes, sir and back to him. Not to change a subject anything to like pal. No subject on this show
You know being the holiday season. I I wondered if you caught the history channel
Special on the Roman Empire. No, I did not
Well, they
They mentioned when in Rome do the Romans the Descena? Well, they mentioned a lot but they said then in
Constantine and 300 AD declared
December 25th the birthday of Jesus and
It was actually the Roman feast of the pagan god Mithra that was celebrated on that date
And this was to unified the empire and the pagan people into the
Christianity. So what's wrong with that like all of it? Did you just made it up and
The reason he did this is he was like before a battle
He saw like a light flash through the clouds kind of in a cross shape fashion
Mm-hmm, and they won the battle so after that he had him paint the cross on their
Shields and then they won another battle and if there was a fluke out of
Thousand maybe different facts of religion
He picked that one and that's how Christianity was
picked by the Romans. Oh
How do you like that?
You know, I
I know I know I feel about that and I yeah, it was just you know just a
Fluke of the just a look at the draw just a bad look at the draw
Well, thank God it's turned out to be such a benevolent and caring religion over the centuries and have a great new year pal
We have two open lines in the Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the mobile one line like I said
They're all bubble my sees. Okay. The NH Duno harm. That's very simple. Take no crap. Do no harm
That's it. That's all you need you don't have to spend any money. You don't have to pay any dues
You don't have to put any cap on your head. You don't have to run around with special underwear
We never got one call about that by the way. Did we about to spread all Joe just freaks out every time I say that
You never heard about the special underwear
Never heard about the special on well, I course to show that you must be watching the press conferences over there
Because George and I have talked about it several times when you were over the other building
We talked about the Mormons in the special underwear
They wear special religious religious underwear. What is wrong with you man? What kind of sheltered world you live in okay?
World is more with it life is more than just
I don't know
Whatever you think it is more than just pasta and getting laid okay, I'm not sure what but there must be something more to the net
Here's Miami hello
Hi Neil yes, sir. Thanks for taking my card
Good program taking your card. I call. Oh, you said card. No, I don't know how to card
But I'll try using it over the weekend
One other thing on these what do you mean one other thing?
Yeah
It's like football players. I think they can go out and dance around and do everything
What about them jumping up in a face of every call on the referees? Yeah, they make any difference what what the call
They're right though because the referees are all blind and this is it's a see maybe this is partly to cover up the fact that it's all of
Farse and that the referees are a bunch of dottering old men and that the outcome of the game is evidently meaningless because they don't care
Because they're not doing anything to rectify it and so this must be a cover-up. Let's let's do the dirty bird, you know
Well, it's good. See that they could go back to they could do it like they do in high school only one person is allowed to talk to that referee and that's the
The captain right and they want to speed up the game. Let them do that
Okay, nobody can do anything. Okay, and thanks for making your call. Okay. We have an open line in day five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line
I mean really when when you cut away all the exterior and all the
Posturing and all the baloney. I mean who gives a crap when you come right down to it, you know
Except a bunch of silly people like good gym burry and the douchebag rogers are on channel seven
Wonder what he's getting canned by the way. He's pathetic. We have an open line at day five six seven oh five sixty
Pound five sixty on the mobile one line. We got to thank Goldberg show at chula's at two o'clock and then we got an hour and a half a gully
Oh, that's an awful long time 90 minutes of jolty with a pregame show and then before that six to seven whatever
He's gonna be hucking and trying to go that that that that like that and then the panthers at the islander seven third night
Name me like we got Tommy's style. We got Ziggy Palfey anybody else you can name on the islanders come on. No
Here's a call from Iowa
Hello, hello. Yes, sir. Hi Neil. How are you pretty good? I'm so sorry
Hey, well, I used to be down there like I said I can don't for you
And that's a bad here
By they put me on to you. I don't really know why they nobody else manages this for you, but um
Will you be making more of your Neil Rogers CDs? You mean for this year for this year. No
No
No, I've been okay be that way now
I mean you asked me a question
I know I'm here and I'm here at the end of the line. No, okay. I've been told by
I've been told by several other people that
That I've called numbers that you would be so
I mean it's the 20th of December how can we start making a bunch of now by the time they would be done our campaign is over December 31
I don't I don't know any of that
I just I just know that it's real hard to get through to each year and find you
and
Get answers and find out how to order them when you're out of there
Well, see if you went on the web did you you must have checked out the website new Rogers calm
No, well that's where you get all the Eric up in Orlando put that thing together. He's uh he's uh
He's got stuff that we don't even know about
Check it out. I didn't even know he's way ahead of me. He's got things happening on the show that I haven't even happened yet
He does okay. Well, I've heard it from the voices mouth that I know more uh no mind. No
Haha have a rate in your account. It's good to talk. Good luck you walk down to the corn. Okay. Yeah, okay, the corns will kill you
We have two open lines but those cornholes are so special two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty
Five sixty automobile one line our pull question today. What's you like better? What you be like in better the if you shuffle or the dirty brewer that's our pull question today
Huh?
Here's Miami. Hello
Miami hello nail. Yes, sir
Blue hole too much as I just like
I mean in my lunch in this mansion. Blue holes. He's he's wonderful though
He said if these people want to draw attention to themselves for doing something good. Yeah, let him do it when they make a mistake
Yeah, you don't see any of them celebrating when they jump off sides or anything that's a good idea
What do you uh when Richmond Web gets one of those 15-year-old holding penalties all over he and playing right at the moment but nevertheless
Yeah, I want to like to see him celebrate that
Yeah, why don't he get up and jump around sit I'd done it. Yeah, five minutes time. Hey, they can all they can then it would be palatable
Okay, thank you
We have a date county all three lines are open and date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Not too big on the icky shuffle now that's ancient history. Okay, you old fart. We're doing the dirty burden
We like it and we don't care whether you like it or not. We don't care whether you like the wave or not
We don't care whether you like Peter or well or not. You know nothing. Okay. We're the experts down here. We know where it's at
All those phonies up there in Toronto that think they know about hockey all those phonies up there in green Bay that think they know something about football
They don't know crap. Okay, where are the experts down here? We're the best front-running phonies on the face of the earth
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing great happy new year to you sir good happy new year to you
I'm about 20 years. I'm feeling like
The new life I just want you to know that you make my day every single morning. Yes. I do you do and
I also want you to know that I agree with you on all this icky shuffle crap
It's got to stop. It's just got to stop
They've just got to do penalties and do what they've got to do to these players to get these teams to realize this a waste of time
Yeah, it really is
If the league can't even get their officiating situation straight enough and get guys out there to take an eye test
Then how do you know what do you think it's ever going to happen? They're going to put an end to this warcraft
I don't know and and another thing they make all this money like you were talking about before and
Look how much it costs to take a family that loves sports to the football game right. I mean it's a joke
It's over $150 or whatever it is just to have a hot dog a coke and a ticket
You got it, you know, I just don't agree with it. I don't I don't agree with any of it. That's why I don't I don't mess around with pro football
I think college footballs where it's at it shows the up and coming stars when they're exciting and playing for something that's worthwhile
Okay
So I appreciate your time and lug your show and we'll be here with you. Okay. Have a great life take care
We have an open-ended Broward five six seven oh five 60 I'm hung that my shirt by the way
Just mention that even though we don't have the TV thing going anymore
I just mentioned that because it's a one of the yeah, I just tell you I'm hung that my shirt
When you're eating meat balls with cheese and then with onions and sauce
I'm having my sauce and by the way always have a little fat in the sauce is what my book says
In your tomato sauce always make sure it's mixed with little fat
Which your oil or whatever you put in there that's that's good
And he did tomato sauce pizza sauce tomato paste
Hmm loaded with lycopene baby which helps your whatever to help something in your recto if you're a prostate now you women out there
Okay, where we go and let's go to a pop it OB chill out
Neil yes, sir, how about the Super Bowl shuffle the Super Bowl shuffle remember the 85 bears
We made that video oh
Yeah, I'm a Jimmy man. Oh
There was a white guy who celebrated Jimmy man and he did a very poorly too by the way
That's why I kept those dark shades all the time
Bad disguise regarding the celebration thing. I don't really mind the celebration
Like I remember the red skins used to have those scuba wide receivers called the
Smurf
High five each other
I just don't deal in the individual solo acts for the trying to degrade the other team and their dance and
Around and you know and the other teams like point that the scoreboard as they're down by 30 points
I don't understand. Yeah, I don't I don't get it the celebration thing when you're down
I think Lamar be out of control myself. I think you just out of control even right foster said he thinks he's out of control
Pretty said right
I guarantee you never saw right foster go out there doing the dirty bird during a dolphin game did you know no way
I always where he's practicing right now he wants to sign up again. Yeah, I think yesterday
I think they could use him
Closing kind of mega request. Yes, sir. You played it last week. I was peeing my pants worse than the lotion in the basket
The fill Henry bit with that black woman and the priest about communion
All you can eat Negro. Yeah, you can eat Negro right fostered just walked in the other room
And you want me to play all you can eat Negro? I mean we're talking about the it is a holiday your nephew is in hell
I feel that my nephew
And that was along the bill
Not with the Lord. Then in other words in hell. I don't know
You fear that that Roman Catholic Communionist they ate your nephew's body
All right, we have on the light of Van Is here a Roman Catholic priest on KFI in 640. Hello. How you doing good
There's Matt first of all I feel like condolences to you on the lot of your neck
Your priest
Yes, I am
Okay, so I just want to let you express something for you. Okay?
This is just you've been missing form about
Well, if you just hang on I will explain to you what I believe is and then you can draw your own conclusion
The next thing we're teaching is and you draw your own conclusion. Let the father explain, okay
At first of all we believe that when you see a communion
We see the body and blood of our Lord Jesus Christ. Oh, my god. Well hold on man
I mean, I'm just calling to let you know what I believe is you eat flesh and blood
If you want to look today, that way that fine. Oh my god
Come on, I believe and you draw your own conclusion. I want to buy this
Damn you got to let the father explain
Well, what I want to tell you here and talk about it
You don't listen from this is like show razor like try to
Okay, first of all, okay, you're in fact because you've been missing form about what happened to your nephew and I
You eat the book you eat the whole damn thing
Excuse me, don't you eat it?
We eat the host. Yeah, the host, but he sees the whole body your other man
That's not what I said you said you eat the blood massage of who?
Call the man. No of Jesus Christ. Oh god. That is a blast for me
What if you take a break?
I'm trying to do it until my body
You
You eat a pony booty too. I'm not gonna answer that. I don't understand what what's that mean
What is this man talking about eating the Lord Jesus?
What in finish oh man just say
From this creature's man with Jesus to breath and breath it and broken and said
Take this amuded. This is my body. Oh good. And then you pick the cup of wine you said take and drink this is my blood
And again, he says I'll make you eat my body and drink my blood and capitalize
This is good Friday
I
Again
I
Have chance. Let's Matt go on your boy
So listen father, I thank you for for taking the time. I really do
You're a good Easter
That's true
That was a Roman Catholic priest
Well
I
Would you call me
Oh
No, oh you can eat me, bro
So I understand
Who thank you
That's one of the things about that whole bit that you listen to the priest who's the only straight call so to speak
Oh, that was a bad tracer words, but the only
unsuspecting participant and then and then no point during the whole deal is the ever catch on
I mean, what is there to say about that? There's no fact in the church
117 at 560 I asked that by the way Roy Foster that great ex-duffen who's one of our sales holes
He was in here moment ago was that his dad that was with him there
Huh, no one of his clients looks like his father
Would he too short to be his father looked are conflicted no
Huh
Well, what do you look at me like that? What did I just say that was a white guy man
That was a white guy
Yeah, there was no white guy. He was like kind of like in between. He was a little bit a little bit
Are you serious? That was a white guy that was in here with
Roy get out of here
That Roman knows must be getting in your way you must have been and remember when I first came you had the eye problems
Yeah, remember that
So at anybody whoever he was in there and I said to him I said
Under any circumstances Roy being a great upstanding superstar dolphin that you were all those years
Would you tolerate would you put up with all this bull crap this funky chicken and dirty bird knowledge crap?
No, that's what he said I said Roy you're sure he's no no
But no, that's what he said
Not too fond of that crap 118 that's five sixty wq in
I'm just foolish right now, Bill. I don't like this
You just in a whorehouse
I really really want to go
A pile of jive for monocles
I smoke marijuana
And shot a load on monocles
Monica is a woman who was an intern in the white house
Instead of taking memos
She took off her white blouse I guess you could say I'm the stock of the nation
Not a real good time for a family vacation
Let me just say thanks for my high approval writing
I
Don't mind it's a marital dating
I really really want to go
A pile of jive for monocles
I drink in and tonnocles and then better for monocles
Hillary is angry. I really thought I lost her
But I said if she'd stay with me, I'd shut up about his foster
As for daughter Chelsea
I know why she's mad
She's a college sophomore but gets fewer dates and then
No, I could escape it and escape this big Ole Miss
Monica's been more careful about that residue on her dress
I really really want to go
A pile of jive for monocles
She blew my heart monocle and I blew my heart monocle
I really really want to go
A pile of jive for monocles
She blew my heart monocles and I blew my heart monocle
So what's the point? Okay, 123 or 560 WQM we have an open line in Daytona and Broward
560 560 05 60 on the mobile one line
Here's the fact that they did you see the New Orleans Saints Leap Broad celebration
No, I did not
No, four players already heard about this 200 times
Four players jumping over each other like they needed to take a crap
Is what it says and Mike Rodriguez is a douchebag
Here's another one that says Neil is absolutely correct
Joe the Mormons were a special underwear
They're not even allowed to be naked ever
Say well wait, no that's not true
They take a shower they can take the underwear off I believe
I mean if you don't if you what do you do you take a shower with the underwear on and then you hop in the dryer for half an hour
I don't think so
But other than I think for a shower maybe a quick spin in the hot tub or something
Mormons must wear their special underwear because I don't know
Because of the friction I think makes him horny all the time. That's why they reproduce so well and have like 20 or 30 kids
Here's another interesting fact that says
Doesn't Julian Bond do the dirty bird
Yes, I think he does
Julian Bond well, it's a cultural thing. Don't you understand it's cultural which won't I do with that other facts?
Yeah, Mark Astin was the first one which I mentioned him a hundred times today who was very white obnoxious asshole with the objects
Now wasn't was it that was he dying of cancer or his fiancee remember when he was getting married like about a hundred years ago
And then all of a sudden like next week. Oh, I was just a bad headache or something like that
I remember that but we got rid of him thank god
And then here's a very interesting fact somebody that must have gone out of business
It says is a former owner of a hardware store. Why is the reference always to the home depot instead of your local independent who is more capable of giving accurate information
And who needs the business give the little guy a break thanks some of the squendal guy who's pissed off about the facts
I got et cetera a bucket of half you can go to home depot and get the uh get those things those plastic
I don't need to plastic things. Okay. I need new toilet seat
And I'm not gonna go to home depot just like this guy says I'm gonna go to my small neighborhood guy
Came hard. I'm sorry wall mart one of those
I don't I don't have no small neighborhood guy
But if I did I'd be more than happy to subsidize him though, you know for a couple bucks for a toilet seat
What's the big deal with the toilet seat? I think everybody in America
She probably have two or three spheres because the worst thing in the world can be when the toilet seats are
Seats start slipping around like a horrendous grocery. I shouldn't tell right in the middle of like a little after lunch hour
Vinnie's restaurant
Where the hell is Vinnie's down on the 441er university
University just uh
South of 595 right Vinnie's that's right
Years and years ago
Bill cauldered late bill cauldered his wife and I went to Vinnie's restaurant for dinner
And we're in the middle dinner and all of a sudden
I mean I had an explosion must have been drinking a lot of bottle water or whatever I don't know and I had nature was calling
desperately, I mean I had to like you wouldn't believe
So I go to the man's room. I go wall to near and all of a there's two stalls both a cupado both the somebody in there
And I'm thinking oh boy what luck I got so I'm standing outside
I go I'm not even gonna wait inside because you know when you get close to the bowl your mind starts
sending messages
So I forgot better get out of here because I don't want to start sending any subliminal messages to my colon like oh no no not yet
So I'm standing outside the door of the restaurant of the of the restroom and I'm like you know
Got my legs wrapped around each other and I'm like dancing from toe to toe
I'm doing the dirty bird is what I'm doing right outside the restroom door in Vinnie's
I mean I'm thinking to myself if they got a glory hole in there
I mean if there's something going on besides somebody taking a
What's going on in there? I'll wait a long time goes by a long time
Finally finally when I think I'm just about to lose control
The guy comes wall thing out
So I go in there I make I mean I made a beeline and they're slanted or shut flip that little act over there
I sit down on the toilet seat and
Toilet seat goes flying off of the bowl
On of the floor. Yeah, seriously the seat was broken like mine at the house
Now thank god I didn't have an accident because that that would have been
I don't want you to conjure up the image. Okay, it's too close to lunchtime and we're working on dinner later on
And we want you to spend a lot of money at the macarena on food tonight
Can you imagine my life just flashing and flushing before my eyes
After all this time. I mean I have this unbelievable desperate human need to perform a
bodily function and the guy then toilet seat goes flying off
Here's a pember pine. Hello, hey, I don't know great. Yeah, you know you're talking about like
All these athletes are talking about that when you're talking about gas to know also there was another guy Joe
Cleco that used to do the little dances with them. You remember that yes. Yeah, right. Uh-huh. Okay
About this morning thing if you're saying that we'd ever see AJ doing Joe Cleco together
I'm sure they were the same guy. They don't look so much the same. They were like identical twins. But anyway
What you're talking about these mornings they were the certain type of underwear. Yes. Did they have a hole in the back?
Like for when they do that
Exactly, you never thought about that. I mean really. I mean the holy underwear
I think it's got one a little hole in the back and one
Hole of varying sizes in the front. Yeah, speaking on that same subject talking about toilet seats and like that
Yeah, maybe you know the answer when you go into a bathroom and you see that the toilet seat is down
But there's you know piss all over it. Mm-hmm. What are you supposed to do? I mean more nose
You don't want to clean it out, right? What should I do? You wipe it off
You're gonna I mean you take this and that with your hand
Not with your tongue not with your foot you reach over you're on roll a little toilet paper
You cleaned off and that's it. Yeah, but isn't there like some germs and stuff like that?
Yeah, I mean okay, and in your bladder. What what is that all about?
Okay, well, you know, I just want to make sure and stuff like that. I mean if you look on a seat
A little more serious than I would say run for the hills have a great new your product get out of here
We have two open lines and broiled one and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
What the hell is life worth without a toilet seat
Here's Miami. Hello, any how you doing great
Uh, you see last night a mandate on a sports chef live did the dirty word
He did one dirty bird. Oh, man. No, I'm mad at sitting to it. Yeah, they're mad. No, man. It's didn't do it. Please
Please don't tell me man. It's did the dirty bird had that segment asked a mad dog somebody ask him
He went in and did it on camera and everything alright
I've lost I've lost my faith in the human race
I only sure if only told you that when I figured let me call him and I know that was it
I have a happy new year in you two. I know we nobody in this crowd's watching channel 10
Man, it's did the dirty bird on TV last night. Oh, you know what I'm saying?
This is a substitute for the event itself
We have to fabricate and create all this other assorted nourish kite foolishness nonsense crap
Because the real product itself, but basically is crap
Now you're just a party pope or nale you don't understand. We're having a lot of fun. We're having fun with okay great
Oh
130 and 560 wqm
This is Randy West and they don't come any better than me or Neil Rogers
And now it's time for Christmas party tips with senator tech
If when arriving at Christmas party great to host this and fill off a Uher J
If the husband isn't nearby then no point why you
That's off of now. Oh, yeah
This is better Christmas party tip with Christmas overall
Jack asked that wasn't what I was gonna play. I was gonna play like a senator Ted's near
And now it's time for senator Ted's new year's party
I've found that in order to be noticed at a party in the kind of was the one that's gonna be this one over here
And now it's time for senator Ted's time to do here's party
I find to break the ice and you have to waste bail stuff
Hey, so teach me to spell break. Yeah, down the front of a dress of a new boy on yon's saying yeah sitting next you does wonder
Hey, let me have white hair
She's there playing hot to guess another new year's party tip from senator tech
It puts the lotion in the basket
No, thank god the president never inhaled because if he would have inhaled one puff of marriage you any we know that would have
Disqualified him from being president
Because we know the president certainly don't drink no booze do they do they drink no you bet senators don't drink do they no
Thank God for that even the Kennedys the JFK ever take a drink no he and buy no thanks the Lord for that
Two open lines today because we know that a lot more people die from marijuana every year in this country than they do from
Drinking booze out there no two open lines today five six seven oh five sixty and five sixty on a mobile one line
Here's North Miami Beach hello
Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, I wanted to I remember I think that memory of Lamar Thomas in the sugar bowl game where the
Cains were losing
Running for a touchdown and hot dogging the last ten yards and having the ball pulled out of his hand where they ended up losing the sugar ball because
I don't remember that I think it was 1991 sugar bowl huh, let's have the sports
Tell us when okay all you ask for it's out there. Let's hear about it. Thank you. Thank you. How about it Josh Friedman let's hear it
Yeah, oh you're right. He's probably not even in the control room right now. It's been having another break for like 15 minutes
He's not even there
Joe Castello is peeing in his pants and laughter Josh Friedman's not even in the control room over there any other building
Much less is he you know anywhere they can give us some sports information. He's not even listening
He's too busy watching press conferences to see which coaches are going to quit today and the NFL or get fired or both of the above
What do you say? What no answer?
140 pounds
Lamar Thomas did 140 pounds worth of funky chicken
Dirty bird. What do you what are you talking about 140 pounds what
He's not anywhere near that this is unbelievable. What a scam we discovered today
At least Joe Castello smart enough. He's been able to cover it up the last 12 months
Carchage Friedman with his lunch down is what I think we did with his two or three meals down over there today
Notice he Joey's purple purple not red in the face. He's purple in the face. He's laughing so hard
Boy, oh boy you talk about what have I said here this year? It's two more days when they'll be our one-year anniversary on a show
Okay
And you talk about a solo job even the people over there at solo sex never did a solo job like this has been
God
Here is Miramar hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Happy new year. I just like to talk. Yeah. Thank you. I just like to talk a little hockey here
I remember the three agent signings at the beginning of the year
Everybody talked about Gary Souter and Ron Francis. Well, what about Curtis Joseph? I mean wow what a pickup
And I was just saying a great pickup. I mean it it really turned around Toronto if you look at Toronto
That's not what turned around Toronto that helped that someone yeah, I know in a real coach turned them around well correct
Correct. Have a bunch of tremendous young players like Mike Johnson and and the Frederick Maudine and Alan McCauley
Barrazin and Sergey Burzin at the end. That's what helped the only thing is Dallas Acons anytime you have
Now that's only because of an injury that's okay. All right. That's cool. I'm just gonna ask my crawfazindry
That's the only reason he's playing is this stuff. Oh, I was just like to say that thing with Tampa Bay anytime you have Kajelle Samu
Fun as you defense when you got problem. Kajelle. Yeah
Kajelle. Kajelle or Jell Samu
So I guess thank you. Okay
We have an open line at Broward to a date five Kajelle Samuelson KJEL Kajelle
Even Josh Friedman knows that ain't Kajelle. Okay, right Josh
Absolutely correct sir. Okay. Thank you. Just checking
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line boy
I want to think you can't complain about the hockey knowledge in this time. Oh, by the way, I don't want to get
You know, I don't want to start knocking anybody
I love listening to Hank out of way home, which thank God you don't put that frog on until four o'clock or whatever date is
But putting Denise potman on to talk about hockey will be like putting the head of the NFL officials on to talk about
officiating okay, I mean this guy
He may he was he was a great player. He knows nothing doesn't have any of the foggiest understanding of the game of this team of
Anything. I mean it is so unbelievable
Denise potman. I mean you to D.F. Visitor should be D.P. It should be D.F. as in dumb frog, okay?
I mean it's what this man lends to those broadcast to those telecasts
You know kill like I'm sure Hank appreciate it kills a good hour of your week a lot of food
We know Dennis. I mean this man lends absolutely nothing has no understanding the comprehension of the game of of anything
How this man was able to play as brilliantly as he did all those years of Hall of Flamer
And still not even have any grasp of what it's really all about that is shocking
Open line is Broward to and date 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
Here is Jupiter hello
Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing great?
Marius Chakowski
Wingeth for the high on this very good Marius Chakowski used to play for come on you can name all of them
Boston Bruins that's right right
Like both of them played on 400 teams in last four years. Yes when he played in Poland as we scored a goal
He used to do a backflip on the ice really? Yeah Marius Chakowski? Yes
I want to live in Boston at the time. You didn't do no backflips in Boston. I'll tell them then didn't make sure he didn't
In fact, I think that's when Fred Kusa can't every tear was a Fred tried doing a black backflip on the ice and that was the end of them
I think so all right. You'll take a lot. Can't thanks a lot
Say hi to Derek Sanderson by the way
We have an open line of day by the way
That's why nobody showing up at the Bruins games because they got that constipated Dale Arnold doing the games on this and Fred
Fred Kusa could be a hundred years old
They still ought to make a comeback come on Fred even if you can't see where the ice is we'll bring you back
Let's get Bud Lynch and Fred Kusa got there one more time come on give a butter hand
Here's camera. Hello
Camera ac hey Neil yes sir. I've been here and same news sir the earlier caller about the sugar bowl game
Yeah, I bought Lamar Thomas correct that was against Alabama and it was George Teegett called him from behind so to speak and took the ball from him
He wasn't celebrating that day. He fumbled the ball on a jive-ass net at the end zone
He didn't come with it was pulled from the ball. He had it knocked away because he was doing is a jukin and java routine on the way to the end zone
Yep, he was all real confident. You were gonna get there in the city. Oh my god. Yeah
All right, so thanks a lot. Okay, so there's the update which Josh Friedman was
Miserybly unable to give us or refuse to give us we have an open line in the day two and brown
5 6705 60 and pound 560 on a mobile one. No Mormons today. What is wrong with you people back at the good old days when we had an audience on his show
Mormons are probably off one of those big conventions, you know like in Vegas
No, sir. All the Mormons go to Vegas. It was good enough for Donnie and Marie
It must be good enough for all the Mormons ain't it? Uh-huh. You bet
5 6705 60 and pound 560 on the mobile one line
Jocostella wants to hear about the special underwear. He doesn't believe us
He thinks that this is just another anti-religious piece of propaganda that I made up off the top of my head
So I used one feel so bad about those orthodox with their stupid beanies that they weren't
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Hey the dirty bird tails and insignificance compared to the
the clip I saw on
NFL time time last night. Anybody talk about my dick? Yeah
Yeah, a guy I don't forget who was I don't know if it was the same thing out but a guy catches the touchdown and you see him
He's the only guy in the frame on the camera shot. He gets down and all on his hands and knees
In the end zone there. Yeah, let's see a guy lead frog over him four guys lead. Okay. Thank you. New Orleans. Yeah
We've had 600 the facts isn't close about that right. Thank you, sir
Open line of Dave one and Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
It's out of control is what it is and nobody cares about it never done any of the public enjoys it and it's uh, you know
Rasmussen and uh, you know, whatever
Like I said compensating for the fact that 90% of the teams in the league are joke and suck and our embarrassment
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I just listen to your show driving around a Miami beach wondering how you what you think about the maven stand first
What do I think about him?
He's an asshole. He's an asshole. Yeah. Oh, I thought compared to Benny pop in maybe
He's a genius. You're absolutely correct. No, I'm I he's he's okay. I enjoy him and he's kind of a funny guy
Oh, usually most of what he says because he writes in the hockey news, you know
Right most of what he writes usually turns out to be crap and like when the panthers had the big year three years ago
He didn't want to give us any credit so we we kind of harbor a grudge against him for that
But at least he you know, he knows the game at least uh, yeah, he really knows the game. Yeah
Well, I mean how can you compare the telecast the the devils or the islander telecasts to the path or a broadcast
You know when we got a dumb frog like Denise pop in on there. How can you compare us?
Young guy the young guy in your broadcast is pretty good. I forget his name though
The young guy the roving reporter is usually done by his amboni the young guy by the zamboni. Yeah
He tells you he tells you studio shot and all that stuff. You mean Steve Goldstein?
Yeah, that's what he said
Okay, we have an open-line at Broward to a date. We're gonna make it till two today
It's been pretty miraculous for a Monday in the uh 20th of December
We actually had a little bit of response today not too much. I want some Mormons on his line the next 15 minutes god damn it
I want some Mormons who got the guts to come forward here and explain to a joe costell what being a Mormon is all about as far as that damn underwear is concerned
Otherwise, he's gonna walk out here today thinking that was just making it up
And of course, he'll never hear your answers in future days because he's gonna be pulling a Josh Friedman and why do we go around the building?
Well, that Josh man, that was that was really if I find with Josh Friedman. I'd be embarrassed
But of course when you know
Looked the way he used to in the smell like that. See look at this the bells the magic bells are back again, huh
Don't tell me this isn't some kind of a communist plot
Where where is that coming from what is that it's got to be on the ISD in line. It has to be it's not coming out of the board here
Joe's looking on the ceiling. He's looking on the walls. It's about what the fourth time that we've been hit with this
Oh, it's getting louder and they're parking my it's bell south again. Okay, bell south is podcasting with our ISD in line
They should watch I'm gonna be doing it at the game tonight in between doing the uh the dirty of the the dirty bird and the funky chicken
I'm gonna be doing my bells south sucks
Listen to that now we hear this out of a phone ringing listen to this maybe this could be good
I'm here it over here, huh? I don't know
It's not it's not on the year. It's just uh in our thing over here
We have a little problem in our thing
14 till two at five fifty WQM and we got any Mormons on the line yet. No come on. Let's go
Oh, you do have a Mormon oh thank god. Okay hang on with me pal. I'll be right to you
Build the cars in Monica, China
You like style to giggle
When he makes it we go
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind
But a big car in her vagina she don't mind it works the lotion in the basket
Well, he don't know where a stoke he goes. I can see how there was some confusion
between humor door and human horse
and
And then I can saw the term Cedar box means saw her naked
Stars reportedly to go in blind
That's when he was working hard late nights in the overy office
Working on a practical joke
Oh
My can do though for an exploding loading for Monica was blowing rings of smoke
Bills the cars in Monica's a China all right
She let's go
Every time he makes it we go
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind
Thought a cigar in her vagina she don't mind
Or before feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by a husband
Feel that Hillary was wronged
Oh
Up in the Lincoln bedroom she was morning morning
Our door was doing her with bill's balls on
Bill's a cause in Monica's vagina
Oh, she let's have a giggle
Every trigger time he makes it we go
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind
But us a car in her vagina she don't mind
Whoa
Yeah
Oh
Well, she got a
Oh
152 at 560 W. C. M. C. We all got back to this dirty chicken funky
Bird and all this other crap and that's not really the issue here. That's just a symptom of the whole
syndrome
This juken and jive and a high stepping in the hot dog and hot dog is the word that comes to mind the phrase that covers this very nicely
Thank you hot dog and
You know, oh that's uh, but that's showmanship that's like saying that step in effect it that their routine was showmanship
All that did was perpetuate a very ugly and very uh sad and tragic stereotype
But at any rate and and the damn woman. I guess peed in his magic underwear there in the hung up
This one. I was getting ready to go to him. He disappeared
Here's highly a hello
Hey, how are you? How you doing? Okay, sir. Uh, two quick things for you
Uh, but the hot dog and stuff with uh
athletes
You're a smart guy you know, so you know a lot of okay. Thank you. Okay. Let's go to a western. Hello
Well, that's all about that was one of our chronic
Speaks go ahead sir
Listen, I'm embarrassed for the United States and imagine what people think when they see what is like this outside of the US
Hey, listen when people outside of the US read about the fact that we're impeaching the president because you got a couple of blow jobs
Yeah, you know, the rest of the world is looking to this like if we've lost our mind is if we have our head one
Yeah, and then you got the NBA lockout. Yeah, you got them. Yeah, yeah, poor poor poor slippers right you know the the owners and the players both of them
Because you got you got to blame them both
Okay, and you get you know, what is you know, what is wrong with this country?
Well, what is wrong in this country? Yeah, what have wrong with the people here? The priorities are totally upstri now
You've got a television you got two generations of people who know nothing other than what they saw on television
And you've got people as brains have turned a jello listen Neil they they really believe that these guys are worth this kind of money
Well, it's that this is their idea of entertainment what life is all about I got news for this craft this garbage that's all called professional sports is about as important as a turd and a punchball, okay
I'm not getting too the leap frog is only the tip of it of the iceberg
I mean, you know, and if it's everything underneath yeah, it's what we don't see
You know what we don't see that these players are doing off the field
All types of getting arrested. Well, and that's why everybody should go on by the book pros and cons and read it to their children and have a great new year
Okay, here he's back the moment in West Palm Beach yes sir
Neil how are you great what was the question my friend told me I better call you
Well, I can't believe you're the only moreman we've got the listening out there
Boy our audience must have all disappeared because we used to get zillions of clothes joke hostile
It doesn't believe that Mormons were a special underwear. Oh, of course we do, Joe
Well, I tell him what it's all about and why and
It has to be it has to be over chance to be absolutely yeah
You know the way you're already everywhere you have me chased you well you know the word of
I guess maybe being a little less
obvious
Yeah, but let me ask you this I mean if you're just wearing ordinary clothing. Does anybody see your underwear?
Well, see more about modesty. Yeah, one question on every
To wait emphasize the filth of the naked human body is that it?
Well just being modest purely for the fact of being modest
Not quite as the way it used to be when it was originally found in
