The NEO Roger Show to talk to NEO called 567 0560 toll free,
retained and rarered or pound 560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of NEO, his guests call is or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM,
easily read acquisitions or the easily brought to have now NEO Rogers on sports radio 560 QAM.
The reality checked by the dolphins, they are a passing football team,
asking Marina to hand the football off to running back a channel like asking a brain surgery to operate on hemorrhoids.
This is Debbie.
Hello, Debbie. I'm a student getting some operations done.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
I was wondering if it's a tummy talk and the lip augmentation cosmetic breast surgery faced all of these things.
I was wondering...
What was it like to start with?
Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No. Could you do breast implants though?
It can be done, but then it would do the right way.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
How much?
5,000.
Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too.
The laser surgery.
Have the lamb stop crying yet, mommy?
Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first and then upon looking at you we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
If you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay.
There is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Okay.
My name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay, let me get a little information from you.
Okay, you want me to get...
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation fee?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Or do you want to call me back?
Okay, put the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
I got my skin suit and you're probably like, uh...
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay, I will talk to you in the time, okay?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello.
Oh, we just played that for four hours today, huh?
Oh, God.
Hey, it's 10-0-3 at 5-60-WQM.
I kept it Monday to you.
I'm sweating from...
Oh, man.
And of course, if you didn't see the silenced lands,
you're going, what's so funny?
Joke has talent.
Still hasn't.
One?
Joke has talent.
Still hasn't.
You know what?
We're sitting here like with tears running down our eyes and jokingly...
What's so funny about that?
Okay, well, hey, listen, nobody's perfect.
You see that?
No.
So anyway, you know, I go away for a weekend for a couple of days.
I just go out of town a little bit, come back and old Governor Bumpkin, the heat-cune dies.
He sure got a hell of a lot of nerve and buddy McCays is not too happy about it.
He's probably thinking, man, why can't you do this?
If you're going to do this, why not do it a couple months sooner?
And you notice, by the way, they found his body just a few feet away from his George exercise bike.
Well, of course, now that George is like filling in when I go on vacation, you're like when I take a long, you know,
extra hour on a weekend like Friday, what did George give me for my birthday this year?
And even came over to the house to put together to make sure I would use it right away and a lot?
An exercise bike.
How do you like that?
Oh!
Yeah.
And Governor Bumpkin dies just a few.
Now here's the guy with an enlarged heart, 68 years old.
What the hell is he doing in there with all these exercises?
Huh?
What's he doing in there, puffing and houffing?
And then I love this article in the paper like they know.
They found his body seven and a half hours after he died.
But it says, let's see.
Oh, maybe it was not in the neighborhood in the air sunset.
One moment please, okay?
One moment please.
Because they've got it all figured out.
Which is with his brain, the private, yeah, his heart began beating erratically during a regular
workout because of his normally in large start with his brain deprived of oxygen.
He lost consciousness and slipped off a stationary bike.
His death was probably quick and painless according to a preliminary, how do they know that?
They don't know that.
Preliminary autopsy said it was a quick and painless, right?
So buddy McKay is really pissed off because now he gets to be governor for what, two, a little over two weeks.
And at the end of that.
And Jeff Bush is kissing the ground boy.
If this were to happen a couple of months ago, we would have no governor Booch.
I'll tell you that.
By the way, speaking of Booch, Booch, you better Booch up a little bit over there in the orange bull.
Yeah, some of the news last night I said that ridiculous crap.
Well, I saw two pieces.
I guess it was this morning on Channel 7.
More mending queens there at the big celebration last night with the balloons.
Well, I guess it is legal at least to blow balloons anyway.
Huh?
Yeah, well, if you're going to put your energies into something, you might as well be blowing balloons.
And so they had all those balloons going the 500 or so gay rights supporters thereafter.
Celebrating the passage of the gay rights ordinance in Dade County.
There you go.
And of course, leave it to the media to always find the fruitiest.
And of course, they're stopping around busting these balloons, which makes them look even fruitier
than they would have been if they had just been standing there doing whatever they would have been doing.
So on the one hand, we had that.
Then on the other hand, we go over and see the scene from the orange bull where these crazy spicks,
they wanted 100,000 people to show up there Saturday night to protest the passage.
You know, the protest anti-discrimination law to show the world that we still can be bigoted against those Maricones.
And I think they just, the 100,000 that came close, they just left a thousand off.
They had the 100, but the thousand part was the part that they missed.
Yeah, it looked like there was a smattering 2,000 Mayas.
Okay, there was a couple of hundred misfits there and they slept along their kids to make it to inflate the count, make it look good.
And the whole thing, by the way, was in Esponio.
They played a little bit of the audio.
And that was it, as usual.
Oh, boy, what a world, huh? What a crazy world. And then of course Joe to Maggio.
He just keeps hanging in there and he is pissed off. He is fired up and pissed off.
He's had it.
He's sticking tired of the guy. The immediate sticking their nose in there and all of these false reports.
He said as he took 102 breaths.
Why can't they just, and I agree with him, okay?
Why can't they just let this man die with a little bit of dignity?
Why is it that every time he farts, we have to read about it, find out what flavor it was, how long it lasted.
Did he sneak it? Was it like a, you know, did it stain the sheet?
Something like that. Why do we have to find out about that?
Why can't they let this poor ugly old fart die in peace?
Which would be symbolic, I think, because baseball has died over the weekend.
Well, it's amazing. Governor dies.
No, you don't. Remember, Mo, you don't.
You don't remember Senator Morris, you don't from Utah? Mo, you don't.
No. Come on. Tell me you're joking.
Who ran for president like before you were born? You don't remember Mo, you don't?
No. Former Utah Senator, Democrat.
Good guy, huh? Like the outdoors. He was like one of those you will give him guys.
You need to bark off the trees. Good guy, dead.
But baseball's dead because they just gave Kevin Brown. Now, keep in mind, here is a guy who's a pitcher.
I don't care if he's the best pitcher in the history of the game, which he's not.
So a pitcher plays every four or five days, okay? Not an everyday player. He plays every four or five days.
And a few years ago, as a three or four years ago, when the Braves gave Greg Maddox $6 million a year, a pitcher, very good one.
But nevertheless, everybody said, oh my God, that's ridiculous. That's an unacceptable amount for a pitcher who only plays every fourth or fifth day.
Well, hey, listen, spurring no expense. The Dodgers said, hey, how about 15 million year, four seven years for Kevin Brown, will be 41 years old by the time that contract ends.
Anybody think he's going to be pitching by the time he's 41 years old? No.
Hey, listen, four hundred and five million for seven years, 15 million year for a pitcher, for a baseball player, for a guy that wears a jockstrap, for a guy who, on the one hand, talked all about his allegiance and how he wanted to stay here two years ago, after he helped the Marlins win the championship, then went to San Diego, helped them to get into the World Series, and then a jump ship against because he's nothing but another war, okay?
He's nothing but a war. I mean, I'm sure San Diego would have paid him like, you know, a few million year. Could he have scraped by maybe a few million a year? He could have probably squeezed by.
But these guys are all hoors, at least stick around for a little while, okay? Like a couple of years would make it look good.
15 million year, I'm going to tell you, they can take baseball, you know what you can do with your baseball? That's what you can do with it, okay? I'm out.
I'm not that it's going to make any difference, but I'm on the outside looking and I want nothing to do with that crap.
These people have taken leave of their senses, baby. They've lost total contact and they expect you best to keep paying for it. That's the best part.
More and more and more. Oh, and if you'll just, oh, like Gary Beppmann just told the people in Phoenix, if you'll build a new arena there for the coyotes, we'll have the all-star game there.
All right. Not familiar? 9 minutes after 10 is 55. WQA.
Why didn't he arrest him for saying, Mickey, this is my B****** Q mother****.
I say come over here, you **** talk around, I'll knock you out. That's all that.
It's not heavy on. It's no perillaid. It's not even tap water.
Oh, oh, tastes like piss. It is.
The new bottled water that tastes like piss because it is urine for a tree. The new bottled piss water.
The next time you want to quench your thirst, take a piss.
Piss water from kidney bottling company, golden shower Colorado.
It's a little bit of a bit.
The Michigan Least to call it stroza. I think 1015 at 560 WQA.
So not only is the rest of the world totally confounded. Bubbles over there with aero fart right now speaking in the gancest drift they are doing it.
Not only are they totally perpluched and confounded about all this Republican mania, this is a lynch mob. We got going to Washington.
But the markets, man, are taking a gigantic. Wow.
You watch, you watch already down 79 this morning the Dow and going to drop like a rock.
Just a total bunch of crap. That's right.
Because we have a bunch of lunatics. Has anything changed in his last? I asked this on Friday. Any new information?
No. Anything changed? No. But all of a sudden they've decided, well, he should resign. He's a liar. He's a perjure.
I don't get it. There's absolutely not one shred, one piece of new evidence that they've gotten in his last two, three weeks.
And now we've gone from G. We wish we could get this over with right away. And let's find a graceful way to get over which was right after the election.
To now all of a sudden, oh yeah, let's put the country through a long, long impeachment trial in the Senate.
And if he wants to avoid that, he can resign. In spite of the fact that the overwhelming majority of the people, including millions who never voted for me their time, don't want that.
Don't confuse the sanctimonious assholes on the right with the truth. Okay. That's right. They can't deal with it.
Had a good day on Friday for a center one by the way, they did a thousand forty six. Thanks to Santa Chris, by the way, for sticking around.
However long they stuck around at that location raised a thousand forty six bucks there. And then to the game last night they had a few of the best of stuff and raised four hundred and ten there. So that's fourteen fifty six.
So our grand total eighty two thousand and two dollars plus whatever we got from borders last week and on the internet and on the whatever else.
So we got to be right around eighty five thousand. And today's the fourteenth we have right on schedule baby. We're going to make that hundred grand.
Yeah, you bet you're sweet as we are. And maybe today are they going to be out in the van today, by the way. I'm assuming I'm hoping I'm waiting to find out.
But you're just talking to China quit somebody on the phone. Are they going to be out somewhere? They'll be somewhere. Okay, they'll be somewhere.
So we can do another grand on that today and I'm sure Carol any second now any minute any hour any day she's going to be affecting us the update with the borders information.
I guarantee you right around at that eighty five thousand mark now you can almost smell that hundred grand total can't you?
And like I said the other day we're not worried about it because if we come up a few thousand short I'm sure that Bruce Beasley personally.
Maybe Carolyn Beasley will write out it.
And she'll write out check it will say now don't cash until the year twenty five twenty five.
They'll write out a check for us. No problem at all.
So we're rolling the lawns thing in the song. A lot of people distraught here at time because they've often lost the game last night.
It's only a game. It's only a game. Okay, it's a football game. It's not the end of the world. It's the same old crap. No offense.
No running games. Same simple bull crap. It's always been for years and years. It got really boring and pondering.
So I said, I who needs this? Who the hell needs this?
And I did miss that Calgary game against the Panther Saturday. There must have been a real exciting game. A real snoozer.
I saw some of the low lights. I saw two greasy goals that Kirk McLean and there that wrap around. Oh Jesus.
And the one that went like right between his legs there. I'm afraid that Kirk McLean is staring to revert to true form and Sean Burke is already playing it exactly his true form.
So it looks like real problems. And then again, I pick up yesterday's paper in the Sun Sentinel just hysterical.
You fat idiot. You fat putt wacker Michael Russo there at the Sun Sentinel who writes an article about you know, we don't have columnist in this town. I've put you this before.
What we have are people who are the tools for the propaganda machine. The for the Panther organization. That's right. All they are are propagandist for the organization.
Right. So this big song today. It's about well later on he writes about how the beasers have problems in Philly and they're upset with him up there to save percentages low and yada yada yada which is all true.
But nevertheless, would we rather have the beaser than the two coupons we got now. You bet your ass.
But his main thrust is the penguins want to unload stew barns. They've demoted into the fourth line in yada yada. And it's very obvious this article with this column was written before.
Certainly night's game Pittsburgh winning their game over saying Lewis for the three in which to barn score this 13 gold this season.
And he starts out the column by saying, well, you know, that Chris Wells for stew barns thing may not be the end of the world now because stew is pissed off.
And he's got that was his 13th goal. Have the panthers got anybody with 13 goals? No. The block has got 14 by the way we got anybody with 14. Anybody with 13. Anybody with 12. Anybody with 11. Anybody besides working March parish with 10. I just thought I would ask that question. Okay.
But again, here we go spinning trying to convince the fans trying to convince the public out there that that was really a great move. By the way, Chris Wells played one game at the season. No. Go any goals. No. Can you assist. No. Can free the anything to this organization this year. No. Okay.
He looks good in the suit up there in the stands. Whatever that word. Where he's hanging out. Who knows.
So you come back to reality when you come back to this town, you open up your newspaper and you read more never ends never ends more propaganda.
Not people who know their subject matter who know what they're writing about who can really make a statement make a critique make a whatever it is positive negative in between whatever the hell it might be.
Just a bunch of ass suckers just do to free writing whatever they're told the right same old tired. That's right. That's journalism in this town. Bull crab.
Here's a great article Greg read pointed this off to me in a paper this morning which I had missed.
And from the Netherlands no less vindication is music to the ears of pilot who sang sky high notes.
A Dutch pilot was unjustly barred from an airport in the northern Netherlands for continually singing the theme to the Flintstones over his radio and appeals board as ruled.
Wim Denise the nice news better known in Holland is Captain Flintstone I like that better.
I'd taken his case to the Dutch Council of State after the airport in the city of Groenigan and it forbidden him to take off her land there from March 1996 to July 1997.
Last year denies was briefly jailed by authorities who said he tied up a frequency used by air traffic controllers when he bellowed out the theme song in the popular cartoon series Flintstones meet the Flintstones.
There are modern stone age family in English for 20 minutes at a time.
There you go. What's wrong with that?
Wouldn't you meet you'd be in a good mood if you are in a plane in the pilot of singing over the intercom. Flintstones make the Flintstone. What's wrong with that?
I think it's kind of amusing. Leave it to those Dutch probably some bad weed but leave it to the Dutch man. The council of state considered they need to keep the airways safe but said on Friday the ban was too harsh. Let him have his fun.
As long as he's flying to plane straight not too cocky he can sing whatever he wants.
That was crazy Dutch got 11.
Okay 5 6 7 0 5 60 0 5 60 on a mobile one line. It is the 14th of December. I have a thing going to be playing like a lot of holiday stuff today.
It's going to be one of those festive. Let's play a lot of stuff today. Markets down about 80 points.
Aeropharts over there. Like that. Like that. Chelsea's over there with a real bad frizzy here. Hillary's there.
Somebody got up in the middle of the crowd this morning. I thought it was really in port taste. One of those crazy Arabs and yelled Hillary blows in the president guy right up and said no she doesn't. That's the problem.
There was a Hillary sucks. Something like that. I forget something close. You get it.
But anyway there's laundry head and he's kind of like shaking. Aerophart his lips are trembling. He did it. Like him and that to get him and yelts together. Okay. Two dead men in a strange outfit standing side by side and Bubba can just kind of sit there and smile and laugh and you know chuckle.
This whole thing man with this impeachment this is it's like the world has gone insane released like the Congress has gone insane and we sit back helplessly with nothing to do about it except the course make a phone call or send a mail grandma or telegram etc and so on.
And say you backed your out of your mind cut the crap. Cut the crap. That's right.
Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach. Hello. Good morning Uncle Neil. Yes sir. How are you today? Great. Never been better sir. I like to tell all you right wing idiot Republican. Whoever the hell they are to quote Brian Cox they should.
I think it does suck my whatever. Yeah. I thought that's what started the whole problem in the first place. Well what comes around those around. A quick observation on this Kevin Brown thing. Yes sir.
It was 50 million years sir 15 million a year. I can't believe that but as it aside. They said that he also stipulated his contract and please forgive me. I don't know if it was eight or 12 times a year.
But the team at their expense has to fly his family in a private jet from Megan. Yeah and they also have to take them in a limo so I forget all the details. Yeah. I guess for 15 million a year he can't afford it. Right. I can't believe that. I mean that's the height of it. Not only that he said he didn't want to he had to leave San Diego because he wanted to be closer to his family who lived in Georgia. Right. That's right.
I'm not from San Diego LA. I'm not from 120 miles closer. Right. So you can't call him a liar. No he's just a blood sucker. I mean this guy thought he was a good guy but he's just a real blood sucker. He's got no oil. He's a paid whore. You know he pitched here and did great. He went to San Diego did great. I hope he loses 80 games this year. He only makes me think to my son. I can't believe anybody in the world is worth 15 million a year every every other every fifth day. Yeah. I want a job like that. Yeah. Me too. I'll take it. You know you have a great week and back to you. Okay. I'm going to go back to you. I'm going to go back to you. I'm going to go back to you. I'm going to go back to you. I'm going to go back to you. I'm going to go back to you. I'm going to go back to you. I'm
going to go back to you. I'm going to go back to you. I'm going to go back to you. I'm going to go back to you. I'm going to go back to you. Thank you. All right. Thank you. All right. Thanks. All right. Thank you. Bye? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, 5, 6, 7, we got one call on the board. It's going to be a real grim day today. I can feel it. You can smell it. They're all out shopping. They're running around their schlepping. We'll find out for you. Where Sam and Chris are going to be today with a van and try to raise some various serious bucks for you to they for center. One is be a continued moving and driving and the pile driving ahead. Yes. She just called us figures because the fact she's broken over there. A total is 84,939 including that it includes 2,656 that we raised just in the van.
since we started doing the thing.
Right.
So that's like everything right up to date?
Right.
But no, that's only one boarder's reporting in today.
Oh, so in other words, we still have seven boarders here.
So like I said, we, oh, that's pretty damn good.
Because I was hoping we'd be at about 85.
And my goal is to be like over 90 by the time Saturday ends.
This coming Saturday, when we'll be at the boarders in plantation
from noon to two.
With all our best of stuff, and I'll be there.
And George will be there.
And God knows who else will show up.
So we're like, I think we're going to do it.
But it's a major miracle.
I'll tell you that.
And I'm sure that buddy Nevin will probably come with a big fat check, too.
Is this check coming yet?
No.
No, I don't think so.
From the Sun Sentinel.
I mean, you know, it's really interesting.
The people that don't help out any of these causes.
And then they sit back and they open up a big mouth.
That, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, you know,
and go kiss Wayne's ass.
Wayne is still a, you know, I don't care if Wayne gave $50 million to cheer.
He's still a piece of crap.
Okay.
I don't care if he gave $100 million.
And he's still a piece of walking crap.
That's what he is.
He's a third burger.
And if you don't believe me, buddy, just go out there and ask anybody.
Oh, by the way, it's picking a buddy.
What does that hecoon think?
Can somebody explain that to me?
Hecoon is butcher than a shecoon.
No, no, I'm, I'm mysterious.
What, that, I'm serious, too.
A, a hecoon is the toughest animal in the red neck for it.
But I mean, but it, but in the case says, where, where's this line?
He says, this is not any great pleasure for me.
He said yesterday when they swore him into the governor for like a few days.
I could, I would far prefer to see the hecoon survive his entire term.
And I know they use that term for him.
But I mean, Jesus, I know he was a pumpkin, but the hecoon.
Don't you think a lot of the morning would be pissed off and hear that?
Uh-huh.
26 past 10 at 5 60 WQ.
It'll always be a life as you see K.M.
You're a chicken, Joker.
That's your goal.
So let it all hang out.
Heavy hose and documents.
Broken metal cigarettes.
I will take you in the street.
You, me, I hate.
Really bad, but, really bad, but, really bad, but, really bad.
It's the rich, it's smoking.
Yo, I know, no, yo, girl.
Go back and back off you is the boy.
Dancing in your bus, friends.
We're looking to the check, friends.
Dancing with your hair, slush.
You, so, spate, f***.
Mr. it's just smoking.
You're a healthy, Joker.
First he just will take you up that stage.
Going up, dancing, sitting, riding a skyward bridge.
I will tango in the street.
You, me, I hate.
You without the things, you without the things, you without the things.
10 at 5 60 WQ.
So the heat cool is dead.
Well, that's, I just can't bring myself to, to, to, to refer to a governor.
I don't care whether he's a good, he was okay.
He never stole a freight train.
He was, you know, like Andy Griffith kind of.
Wasn't he?
Very much like Andy Griffith, kind of a good old boy.
But he cool, somebody will call and explain that to me, okay?
Because that just ain't my lingo.
Jews don't know, from no he cool, I'm sorry.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Mobile in Miami.
Going once.
Sounds awfully dead to me.
Don't sound like nobody on here.
Here's a lady in plantation. Hello?
Yeah, honey, how you doing?
Okay, man.
I just wanted to let you know you got a real nice plug about your center one campaign
about five o'clock during the pre-game show yesterday.
I'm not sure who did it, but because I don't listen to it.
We were on the way to the game.
Right.
But they got into it, how you raised the money, you were a lady's brand,
but everybody come out and buy a CD or tape whatever.
So I was real impressed.
We got a little help.
Well, thank you.
I'm gonna use the help.
We're getting there. We're gonna do it.
I know you will. I have faith in your nails.
And I agree with you.
These stomping fans need to get a life down here.
We went to the game last night.
We were coming out after we lost them.
They were fighting in the parking lot.
Oh, really?
Oh, yeah.
We were coming through and then he just all of a sudden started fighting.
Ah, but a loose end.
There you are.
Yeah, I'm here.
Are you there?
You're fuller.
You're gone.
Okay, I'm going to be lost.
So they were fighting in the parking lot.
Let's hear it for those dolphin fans.
All of a sudden, there's a good and liquid up.
They're at the tailgate party about five or six hours before the game starts.
And of course, when it's a night game like last night,
about eight hours before the game starts.
And so by the time the game starts, they're like totally blitzed.
Are you ready for the excitement of football?
Are you ready?
No, I'm not ready.
Okay, I couldn't give a crap less.
Oh, you can't see that.
I just said it.
I couldn't give a crap less.
I couldn't give a crap less.
We have an open-line in Broward all three and day five six seven oh five fifty.
By the way, I realized it was only a handful, a small handful.
Anybody out there got a small handful?
I do.
But in any way, the assholes that showed up there in the orange bull.
But somebody needs to sit those bastards down.
Those ten-th-world country assholes.
Sit them down and tell them that, you know, they fled a country
because they were seeking to escape discrimination and repression and prejudice
and etc.
And then they come here and they start deciding,
well, we're going to discriminate against these people
and let it go on and all this other crap.
Get with the program, okay, because you're living in the dark age.
The audacity of a bunch of the Androfoal assholes
to think that they're going to come here and start to pull in this kind of crap.
Guess what?
I'm sorry.
Ain't going to work.
You're living, you're about 20, 30 years too late.
Okay, even the orange juice queen, she's long gone.
Medicon, Medicon, Medicon.
And like I said, it's basically a self-hating thing anyway, you know.
You're not fooling anybody.
Believe you me, it takes one to no one.
All those old Cubans.
Of course, they were raised Catholic by the priest,
so maybe he altered their view online.
State County 56670560, Pont 560 on a mobile one line.
Here on All Redquests Monday.
I don't know, we might as well make it painless from now through the holidays.
Might as well do that.
I heard George on the Friday on the way to the airport.
Sounded good.
The only thing is that asshole from Boynton Beach.
I can't believe that you didn't know who it was.
I can't believe that you, uh, you little speck.
You know, that guy seriously.
We've had a lot of asshole collars over the year.
And I've tried to figure out whether this guy thinks that he's being provocative
or he's, I don't know what his story is,
or if he just plainly, uh, he's an asshole.
Yeah, I think so.
Because he's boring.
He's really pondering with the one with the New York accent.
In fact, even the people in New York hate New Yorkers like him.
Seriously, that's probably why he's here.
They hate him like poison.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
I would pay hundreds of dollars to listen to you debate these pseudo intellectuals,
want to be moralists, right wingers that are on in the morning.
Because you would destroy them.
They're on in the morning.
Yes, like Rick Ciderman, Steve Cain.
They wouldn't, they wouldn't be here.
Sure, sure.
Let me just say this to you.
Okay.
There aren't enough people listening to the people you just mentioned to me.
There aren't enough people listening to fill a phone booth to that show.
Okay.
So why would I even waste my time with them?
Well, you know, it's like, uh, I have faith in you and they wouldn't never dare to just even come near you.
Okay, thank you.
I hope not.
Because I know Rick Ciderman smells real bad.
And the other one, he's just, uh, you know, he's just trying to take his way through and squeeze the living out.
Which I do understand that we have an open line and brought.
I, I, why do people call and talk about those people?
You know, if we're going to talk about other people in the business, which I do,
I have no problem with that.
Talk about somebody that somebody might listen to, which there aren't too many of those shows in town left anymore.
There's a lot of people listening to elevator music.
And a lot of people listening to Howard.
And a few other, you know, but, but as far as, uh, Steve Cain and Rick Ciderman and the light bulb and John Ford,
by the way, when that can happen, you said,
22 because I punched over there this morning just to see if, uh, they were still on there.
And were they still on?
Oh, yeah, there was still on, but just a matter of days.
Well, that was one of the shorter shows in history.
Yep, that stupid talk.
I'm, and every time that candidate, uh, that bald headed geek, I said this before I'll say it again.
He's got to be Pete Boulder's twin brother, identical twin, a real little twerk, an asshole, a backstabber.
Every time I look at him, I think of Pete Boulder and I start cringing our, start feeling like unclean.
A man who will sacrifice anyone on the face of the earth for his own personal gaming survival.
He's a survivor, Peter Boulder.
Why? Because like I said, he'll stab anybody else in the back.
He will lie to you.
He will tell you whatever kind of crap it takes in order to save his own ass.
Does he really know anything about what he's doing?
No, of course not.
Anybody that will put that babbling,
it's back out in the afternoon.
Ackinone's right.
Hank is going to eat her up for breakfast.
You think Rick and Suds have been like wavering there any afternoon?
Wait till you see her number.
Oh, my God.
The hopper is just looking at his chops already.
Not over her by the way.
Can you, oh, and that makes me think of that thing with the, uh, the waxy job.
Maybe that's where she ought to be.
She ought to be on waxy.
The babbling book.
Remember she had that bad wax job when she was moving here from her, uh, with that wax, that ball of wax?
21 before 11 and 560 WQMU.
Oh, God.
It's the ultimate bone fantasy.
We've combined the brilla bone sex and the excitement of the Elvis talkline to bring you to 32 L.
Avviking satisfy your every secret desire.
Oh, baby.
Oh, Elvis.
Oh, what you do to me?
Oh, Elvis.
Oh, baby.
Oh, Elvis.
Oh, baby.
Oh, baby.
Oh, man.
I'm rubberless, I'll be.
Oh, Elvis.
Oh, baby.
That's right.
Stop 32 L.
Call 1-900 Jettie Bear.
The king is waiting to talk to you.
Call 1-900 Jettie Bear.
Now, I don't want to get those Elvis piles really upset again, but it was said.
It was widely rumored that he was the most important man in town in Memphis and in various parts in Vegas and in Tupelo.
Maybe all those years sleeping with mommy might have had some kind of a foul.
Two open lines in date County, 56670560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Jupiter.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
He coons.
Yeah, let's find out what that's all about.
I heard it yesterday, I think.
They're saying that it's the smartest and the toughest raccoon in the pack.
The smartest coon in the pack?
Something like that.
Hey, can I make a shame with the class?
Okay.
It's over quite Monday.
I haven't heard it in a while.
You used to play something where you would be eating the bird's fingers.
Oh, yeah.
You think you can get that on?
I sure can.
I appreciate it.
And have a great whatever you're celebrating.
You do.
What does that call?
Best of meals.
Best of meals, yeah, with Jim Scholar.
Great.
Okay, I haven't played that in the A or Coons age, speaking of the He Coon.
That's your say, I don't know.
I'm not into that Yahoo lingo.
There's just something about it to me.
Maybe it's a Jewish thing, I don't know.
But I find it very demeaning.
I mean, the colleague, the man who's the governor, he was a senator.
He was the governor, a couple of terms.
And he was the old He Coon, you know, I just, ugh.
I mean, then there was always Daniel.
What was not Daniel Boone, but the S.D.S. key fove over to the Coonskin cap.
Now, there are a lot of people in the South that do like we're in Coonskin things.
It all depends, I guess, on what kind of Coon the skin came from is how you view it.
You know what I'm saying?
We have an open line in Broward 2 and Dave, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Boy, they sure are making a racket out here.
These garbage people out here.
You're making one hell of a racket out there, you know.
What's the story?
Did they ever get the replacement glass upstairs on the third floor?
Do we know?
What do they know?
I mean, it's the 14th of December.
I know, there he goes again.
You're right.
Don't even move in that direction.
Just keep a real positive outlook.
We'll be upstairs one of these days, one of these years.
It isn't going to be in 19.
Is it going to be in this year?
No.
I don't think so.
Maybe just in time for the Y2K problem.
Maybe like a year from now.
We'll be thinking about it.
We'll be hovering on it.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, if Kevin Brown is worth 50 million here for throwing a ball,
then Neil God should be worth at least 30 million here.
I'm serious.
Will you subsidize that?
Is anybody in their right mind going to pay these kind of ticket prices?
They're going to be having?
I won't.
Anyway, Neil, since you're the expert in Las Vegas travel, what's up?
Yes, sir.
What do you think about the...
I have an opportunity to stay at the new hotel that's opening up the Mandalay Bay?
The Mandarin Bay, the one that's sinking.
Who said that's opening up?
Well, from my understanding, it's opening up in about three months.
Maybe I'm wrong.
I don't think that...
I mean, I was just there a couple weeks ago, and what I heard is that they're waiting,
and if it sinks anymore, they're going to have to destroy it and start all over again.
It's sinking.
It's sinking.
Right.
She.
It's sinking into the sand.
It's going to be...
I think it's going to wind up in China.
It's going to be the first casino in China.
What will tell would you recommend?
I would say at the MGM, I'm talking to him, and you can't do any better.
I don't care what anybody tells you.
They can give you a song of the dance about the real sweets or about this place.
Stay at the MGM.
You'll be ecstatic.
You'll be delighted.
Tom, go into your campness.
All right, thanks a lot.
What about a travel-wise?
What's the best airline to go on?
You don't have much choice.
It's a medical way.
Well, if you want to go nonstop, the America worst is the only one.
Cheese.
Or do Delta, do Delta through Atlanta or through Dallas.
It's a little longer, but you'll get to relive in one piece.
It'll be a piece of cake.
All right, I'll do Delta Burke.
Thanks.
Do Delta Burke.
Yeah, Delta is okay.
Food Delta this weekend, and they're starting to make a little bit of a comeback.
Although I'll tell you one thing.
The food on Delta is...
Uh-huh.
In fact, they're getting smart.
You know, instead of trying to feed meals, even in first class and a lot of these flights,
they bring in that little basket.
It's got like those little things of pretzels in it.
Oh, Tee, you're not...oh, no.
Well, you can't do it on this date.
You can't...and there's no seats on this plane.
Yeah, what...well, I haven't even told you the date yet.
Well, whatever the date is, we don't have anything available on the flat flight.
They don't like it.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Uh, I've been a listener to you since you've come on, and I have a great deal of respect.
We had no degree with everything in your state, because it's two points I'd like to bring out.
Okay.
One, the baseball thing.
I'm 63 years old, retired for the last nine years, and I've been an avid baseball fan player
and everything for many, many years, obviously, as a fan, a player much younger.
And they destroyed the game.
Yes.
Absolutely destroyed the game.
In the idiot-like silly gets up there and says, well, we may have some problems in the smaller cities.
They...who said that?
But, feel like.
Oh, he's a jackass.
He's an idiot.
You're absolutely right.
He is absolutely destroyed the game.
And, you know, I agree with you that we have it.
But you know what that's like?
That's like, if you've got $100,000 in cash, okay?
They go out and buy a new car.
Right.
And I have $5,000.
Now, who's going to wind up with the better, the faster, the more luxurious the car?
No, but I mean, is there a...why even waste of time?
Why would fans go to Montreal or Pittsburgh or Cincinnati or Milwaukee?
They absolutely won.
And they should just, you know, let the ape riches to see the Nami Yankee fan have been for 50 years.
Why not just let the Yankees, the Braves, the Orioles, you know, and the Dodgers, you know, go and start the playoffs?
You get the whole damn seat?
That's right.
The other point I wanted to bring up, we're going to have an absolute major, or we probably have it now starting.
And there's going to be a...it's a closure problem in this country.
And that's the health care.
Yeah.
First of all, the quality is going down.
I happen to be formerly in the insurance business.
And it's being dictated by the insurance industry.
I just came out of the hospital last week.
And I want to tell you, when you're talking third shift, you're talking Abou and Babou.
Right.
Okay.
Right.
And the quality is going down and they're having the downside.
And they're taking away some of these insurance companies.
They're taking away the best doctors.
They just won't work with them, or the doctors won't work with them, because I think I'm the piece.
And it's going to explode into one...
Well, we don't have time to worry about social security or health care, because we took these things.
I'm trying to think because you've got a couple of blow jobs.
That's where their head is at, right?
You're right.
You're absolutely right.
And what's going on right now is so criminal and so unacceptable, and the media are too
goddamn stupid or too stubborn to what the dollar like it is.
They got their fingers up...
Well, you know what it is?
You know what it is?
You know what it is.
At least some of them don't...
We'll never need a proctologist because they're perfect at all.
Exactly.
He's an F.
Okay, pal, hang in there.
I guess.
I have a great life.
We have an open line and Brad wanted to date 56670560, 0560 on the mobile one line.
Our van is going to be where?
No, we'll hear her eventually.
You know, soon we'll find out where it's going to be.
What are you smirking about?
I mean, I'm anxious.
I want to get up to that 90 grand thing before Saturday.
I want to go over 100 grand and I'm going to take a piece of paper that's got our final center one total,
come January 2nd this year after the New Year's holiday, and I'm going to shove it right up,
buddy, Nevin, that's what I'm going to do.
Because as far as the rest of the media in this counter concerned, we could be sitting here.
I could raise a million dollars for what you fill in the blank, whatever charity will be.
And I still wouldn't put anything in there about it.
But if it's Wayne, High, Zingah, or if somebody just donated $100 to the Danny Marino Foundation,
right away it's in here because they're all sucking each other's ass.
But because I won't play that game and I won't sit here and cover up for them
and they're bullcrap that they keep feeding the public, then I'm a bad guy.
So no matter what Neil tries to do, just like that Diane Magnan piece, for whatever reason I'm on a plane yesterday,
I started thinking about that.
Boy, did I get snuckered in again or what?
Yeah.
Use me in my audience to try to goose your numbers up there during the swips.
But let's not do anything that would make Neil look too good.
Okay. And let's kind of twist and manipulate whatever he told us.
Just, however we want.
And certainly don't promote him anyway or tell anybody what station he's on or what time he's on.
Or that he does raise any of this money or that the center one thing is going on.
Don't do that, God forbid.
What a place this is, man.
Here's Boka. Hello.
Boka.
Okay, nice talking to you too.
Open line of day one at Broward, 567-0560, 05-560 on the mobile one line.
I wonder what your jackass that was.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hello? Yes, sir. Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Talking about Vegas. What do you think of the ex-colourable hotel?
I don't.
Okay, we have an open line at Broward, 567-0560, 05-60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Virginia Key. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
Only because you asked, I can tell you about the he-cune.
Yeah.
It's kind of boring, but that one caller who called before us was, you know, he touched on it a little bit.
But what did it, you remember last time when Governor Bump can beat Bush in the...
Do you want to do it?
Yes.
Well, basically it was like the polls all favored Bush.
And it's like a South Florida North Florida type battle that the media tried to portray,
to try to make it more interesting.
And up in North Florida, he got all the...
You've heard of the term of Florida cracker, right?
Yes.
Yeah, well, Governor Bump...
I lived here 23 years, sir. I know my Florida cracker.
Okay, okay.
Since the media had him losing, the he-cune is the leader of the pack.
He's very smart of cunning and he hunts at night.
And what that...
His remark was that overnight, he became the leader and he beat Bush out.
Yeah.
And Bush...
He just beat the Bush overnight.
And Bush was using his...
The fact that he married a Latin woman, because you know all the latins down here are Republican,
because of...
The world was communist, right?
Exactly.
The left they go, Hitler was communist.
Exactly.
So Bush was speaking of Latin and all the latins down here, South Florida,
were just going nuts and jumping up and down like a bunch of tribal idiots.
Yeah, exactly when he started out in the corner, I'd call him, I'd call him, I'd say that a couple of times.
They really got into it.
So that's basically what it's...
He never lost an election.
Did he, Governor Bumpkin?
He never did.
He kicked...
He never lost an election.
He really kicked that, and...
The old he-cune would come out of the woods overnight and beat the old bushes
and sneak up on him when he least expected it.
Exactly.
So you've heard the term Dixie Crack also.
Yeah.
That's basically redneck stuff.
Yeah, he wasn't a Dixie Crack.
Yeah, well, I think...
No, Charles was not a Dixie Crack.
You don't think so?
Crack was like a strong thirmin that Republicans dressed in drag for saying to be Democrats.
That's okay, yeah, you're right, you're right.
That's...
He would know Dixie Crack.
Hey, Neil, can I get a request?
Yes, sir.
Return to Santa.
Okay.
Thank you.
And have a great life.
All right, we're getting a good education here.
They were getting a little history lesson about the old he-cune.
The he-cune is dead.
See, they don't care about that.
They're more concerned about Guidey and Jolt and Joe DiMaggio.
That's what we're supposed to be excited about.
Governor of the state dies.
Dives.
68.
And that's a teenager in this state, 68.
That's not so old.
Dead.
Does anybody care?
No.
No.
Joe DiMaggio, they're worried about it.
And I saw there were showing some clips again in him this morning.
I'm going to tell you something.
Because I haven't seen him in a long time.
Here's one guy.
They usually say most people in their life look good like it.
At one point in your life, maybe when you're a fetus.
You look a little...
Okay.
This man was ugly for...
I bet as a fetus he was grotesque.
He was one of the ugliest mothers I have ever seen in my life.
So, Marilyn must have seen something.
Maybe he had a...
That didn't meet the eye.
Something.
1056 and 560 WQA.
The Neil Rogers Show.
Now on 560 WQA.M.
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
Ten coats.
Get away from the ball, mother f***ing.
So anyway.
We're expecting Phil Salisman to call any second now.
And the food is here.
We want to think, boon again, profusely.
There's enough food here to feed the Chinese army.
Why?
Why?
One open line in the day, then one in the blower.
Mmm.
Mmm.
Boy, this is good.
Why?
Why are you laughing at?
Nothing.
Everything is fine.
I'm just sitting here and you're over there cancels.
I didn't call it, but it was right about you.
Just relax.
Why?
Bird.
Here, give me your finger.
Now stick your finger in this piece of pita bread, ok?
Ok.
Wow.
I'm just b***g your finger off and you're still laughing.
Mmm.
You know what?
It's not bad.
You got more of these, right?
Yeah.
I'm putting a little milk with mozzarella on this and you really got something.
Ok, so CNN is reporting now as Bubba is walking out to a standing,
sitting a cheering ovation that Benjamin Netanyahu is satisfied with the changes in the Palestinian charter.
They said we're not going to drive into the scene, not yet anyway.
And you never stole a freight train and everybody's happy and we're making peace.
And the main time they're over here, hawk, and a china.
He got a few blow jobs.
You know, the rest of the whole world, not just the Palestinians in the Israelis.
The whole goddamn world is looking upon this country and what's going on here.
Like there's some kind of a mental problem here.
And that's what's wrong because we have a sexually constipated country.
And one party that's totally sexually neurotic into out of their minds.
These sexually neurotic Republicans, that's what we have now though.
An entire party has been mesmerized by the far right extremist wing
that used to be called a bunch of lunatics like clansmen is generally what they used to call them.
And now they take it over to whole goddamn party.
And I'm the guys who've been concerned about the law and the principle of the Constitution.
And yap, papala, this other book crap.
They're going to drag us through a pile of manure, the likes of which you've never smelt in your goddamn.
The likes of which the hikkun never smelt.
Correct.
That's right.
Crap with a capital K.
We have two open lines in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
and a lot of the things that we have to do is to get this over with the center of the bathroom.
And of course since it's not partisan naturally, they're not going to allow the censure that measure to come up forward to bait in the house on the floor in the full house this Thursday.
They're not going to allow that to come up there because God forbid somebody might actually say, okay, that makes more sense.
Let's get this over with in the center of the bathroom.
Maybe we won't do it again.
Or if he does, we don't have to hear about it.
No, we can't do that. We have to drag out all this bull crap because this is payback time.
Don't you understand it's political payback time?
That's the only thing it's all about.
We're dealing with a bunch of crazy people.
It's what we're dealing with.
And the rest of the world is looking at us like, hey, you see what's going on over here?
We've got a few problems over here.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Miami.
Yeah.
A report of our Congressional representatives in the Hill, Blumah kind of stacked on Saturday morning.
Try to reach all three of them.
Yes.
No luck. Or we get lost.
I finally got somebody this morning and they said, well, we close our telephone lines on the weekend.
I said, do you think with all the junk that's going on in Washington?
You might want to keep them open.
With all those crap that's going on, yeah.
And the answer was, well, maybe you're right.
I just thought you'd like to hear that.
Hey, listen, they got to have time off to take some graft.
They'd take some money out of the table.
It's payback.
It goes back to Roosevelt.
It's payback.
Right.
They've never done one damn thing to promote the social welfare of the pool.
I say it's time for a goddamn revolution.
It's what I say, sir.
It was the first.
Okay, we have two open lines in date.
Okay, so the Q&N van is going to be today.
I don't want to say anything.
I don't want to go up here in our parade before we start, because we've had good success so far.
Although Friday, they didn't have to change locations after starting out there in Holyoval.
Now, this is in the Miami Lakes area you're telling me the Palmetto at 67th near the end of the McDonald's parking lot.
The other side of the Palmetto, if you ask me.
The one?
I don't even know where that is.
Okay, I've lived here for a hundred years.
I don't even know where that is.
What a traffic going through there by the Miami Lakes.
That's Lodland Road, right?
67th Avenue in the Palmetto.
So the northwest corner in the McDonald's.
North of the highway.
What do you say?
A lot of traffic going through there, but I mean how many people are going to McDonald's?
You know what I'm saying?
Okay, but hey, listen, it'll be great.
Sam and Chris, they're picking these places.
And we're going to raise over a grand today if they have to stay here at 4 o'clock in the morning.
And if that's the one location we're going to stick with, they just might.
560-705-60 and 0.560 out of 18 teeth.
See, they want to make it adventurous.
I mean, we can pick places like shooting fish in a barrel where we know all of our audiences, you know.
Like that University in Broward Boulevard.
That was a piece of cake.
No problem at all.
We want to make it a little bit more challenging than that.
Here's Pember Park.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Great.
We missed you at the start of this game.
Yeah.
Yeah, we were looking for a part of it.
I was out of town, wasn't there.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Listen, I'm a fairly new listener and my friend has been telling me about this NASCAR.
I'm glad you had about a big trickle tattoo.
Yes, sir.
And I was wondering if you could play this.
I sure will.
Okay. Can I call them a dish bag?
Yes, sir.
Here you are.
Pro climbing dish bag.
Okay.
Get a new phone.
It sounds pretty weak.
Okay.
We have an open line in Broward 2 and Day 567.
Not hearing any reports about that game Saturday, which I missed, by the way.
Must have been real exciting.
No.
Loosen the Calgary 4 to 2.
Loosen of a girls team.
With some real, real week gold tending.
I don't know.
We're not going to.
You know something?
The only negative that I can say about my whole weekend is that there was one moment.
I think it was on a plane.
And I'm thinking to myself that Andy and Hollywood situation, I'm so embarrassed.
But I've allowed to get myself sucked into a situation where this, uh, he, he comes up to me before every game.
I didn't know who that was.
And I'm so humiliated and degraded and disgusted with myself for being that slow and that stupid and that gullible and that much of a stupid old fool.
Speaking of slower and stupid.
Yes, but that'll be on the northeast corner.
It's the Burger King that's on the northwest corner.
I got my burger joints, uh, juxtaposed.
Well, burger you okay, mister?
The northeast corner of the, I, uh, that, that, that whole deal.
I'm sorry.
Maybe, maybe I'm dreaming.
I'm just not familiar with that area.
In fact, Miami Lakes, I'm not familiar with the, you know, been a long time since this little hecoons been Miami Lakes.
Huh?
It's just not my, uh, stomping grounds.
It's not my neck of the woods.
I don't know what kind of neck is in that woods, but I guess we'll find out.
Open line at Broward to an all three and date five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line eight minutes after 11 a Q.
I am we got hang from Shula's at two in now.
Let's see.
Shula's take two.
Where is Shula's restaurant is in Miami Lakes?
Where is the Shula's take two?
George, I thought that's the one that was in Miami Lakes.
It is.
I thought that was the big Shula's.
I've been to one Shula's and it was in Miami Lakes.
I don't know which one that one.
And then we got the Booster at six.
We got Monday night football tonight a real real piece of blinds at the 49ers at a clock tonight.
Where do you go when you're?
Where do you find it, Kaplan?
White where you got it sports radio five sixty Q.
A.M.
We radio is what the Q.
War is you.
A.M.
A.M.
Return to Santa.
Return to Santa.
I got a sweater from my grand mom.
It was pink and black.
A Don't worry be a hard friend.
It was pink and did all the best.
He wrote a heart.
Return to Santa.
It just sent me cash.
All right.
Your tanky sweater.
It gave me a rash.
I got a fruit taken some plaid paint.
There's a clip this one my nose.
A novel of old spines.
Quoted I get hoosed.
You wrote upon that return to Santa.
I got your fruit.
Who needs this?
Or this is his Christmas?
The real is stars.
You wrote upon that return to Santa.
Don't need to be rude.
Or this Christmas?
I got fruit.
Return to Santa.
1114 at 560 WQM.
The boys, Sam and Dave, Sam and Chris are going to be out there in Miami Lakes 1130 this morning.
Maybe I'm going to be shocked today.
Are you think so?
No.
We got tons of listeners in that area up there in Miami Lakes.
They're going to be flooding in there for the best of the LCDs and cassettes and t-shirts etc.
What if we still got the same bunch of stuff that we're given away or what?
I reckon it doesn't get the job done.
Maybe the Hikkun might have said that if he could be here to say it.
He was okay for this state.
He was a good buffer against right-wing extremism like what we got now.
Here's a plantation.
Hello.
I'm waiting here about half hours to start.
I'm listening to George talk to you.
He's personage-grade.
That's the extra bonus.
That's why these lines ought to be lit up all the time.
And then George and I would curse back and forth.
And you can hear any side of the conversation all the time off the air.
It's great.
Anyway, an extra charge.
What I wanted to say was, you know, I'm a jet fan.
I enjoyed the game yesterday.
I would imagine.
I was excited that they won't believe me.
I would have not jumped off the roof if they lost.
But after the game, you would have thought that the president of the United States was assassinated.
Channel 4, channel 10.
And I don't know what other channel broke in.
And they had specials about the Dolphin laws.
I don't know if any other market does this.
But they were on the plane.
I hate to break the news to them.
This wasn't a playoff game.
But you should see the way they brought the Dolphin planes on.
I know it's hard for you to discuss the game.
But could you tell us what your feelings are?
And just announce it was Jimmy Cephalo.
It looks like you were going to just pry right on the air.
It was hysterical.
You should have, but really it was really nonsense.
Well, I probably made you feel he's in that much worse than that.
I got to make another comment.
Yes.
I don't know why they have something against David Nimble-Rowski.
But Robert Stewart, is he really?
Yes, you're kidding me.
Well, I'm not.
Oh, my goodness.
That's why he's not on the table.
And that's why they keep sending him around the miners.
He's Jewish.
Oh, that's why.
Anyway, have you ever, have you watched Robert Spell in the last couple of weeks?
The worst.
I've never seen anything so bad in my life.
He's given up so many opportunities.
Yeah.
In fact, he and Carcner, it's like, you know, it's like a contest.
He was going to cough it up for him.
Even Eddie's not even the running, even special Ed.
He's not running with him anymore.
Carcner looks like he's walking on the ice instead of skating.
Anyway, I just want to make those comments.
Okay, and have a great day.
Congratulations, is it?
Yeah, I just fan they won the game and also speaking of Channel 4, by the way, I'm glad he mentioned that.
That there must be a subliminal reminder because you told me about 20 minutes ago.
Very important bulletin, Channel 4 has fired their news director.
They must have seen the numbers.
Well, they keep sucking hind all the time in those ratings.
And as a result, they don't want to keep sucking hind or front.
Well, maybe that.
But so they're fired the news director.
And they've stolen away the former news director.
Is it director?
Yes, it's director.
The former director of the news over Channel 7 of hysterical, psychotic, responsible Channel 7 hyperventilating.
And we're going to have another channel 4 is going to be going head to head.
Knows to nose allegedly.
They think anyway.
And Cambril Martian, his of contractors and getting picked up.
And who else did you say?
Probably many of the other people.
Maybe little Brian or cross maybe help me out.
Or maybe the weather theory is going to have to flip away.
Huh?
These are just rumors obviously.
Right.
Well, it's not a rumor that they heard the news director.
No, that is true.
Channel 4 is making a big move in their news.
Anybody care about that?
No.
I couldn't give a crap list.
Okay, they all suck.
We don't have a newspaper in this time that anybody can read that does anything worthwhile.
All of the local newscasts are by its like the amateur hour.
Ted Mac and Major Bowers are ready to ring the goddamn gong.
In fact, even Chuck Barris.
That's what they ought to do.
And I've Chuck Barris standing off stage and ring the gong.
You know, when it gets to the point where we can't handle Tony cigarette oscilliness anymore.
Or Jimmy Cifalus is whining like this last guy was talking about whatever it is.
Just ring the goddamn gong and gong them off the goddamn stage.
And if they refuse to leave, ring JP Morgan out.
She'll knock the crap out of him.
That old bull dyke.
Is she still alive, by the way?
JP Morgan?
I think she died.
For this state, as you get older, the longer you live, you have this accumulation of celebrities and politicians and, you know, whoever the hell they are.
And you're really, it's hard to keep track.
Who's dead and who's not dead?
And especially when you live down here, you walk around.
You drive around out there and you look and it's hard to tell which ones are dead and which ones aren't.
JP Morgan.
Now you don't even remember who that is, do you?
Just from the gong, chef.
The old bull dyke, yeah.
She was a real, darky broad.
I think he's dead.
Oh, Jack, right?
Wasn't she a singer?
She was like a lounging wizard.
Okay, we have an open line and Broward to a date.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 05, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And 6 open lines on the HIKUN line.
That clarification, that explanation that God gave before I, I would say was a little bit weak.
It would be a nice word.
That would be a compliment.
HIKUN.
This was your governor for Christ's sake.
Does anybody out there care?
No.
He's dead.
He was writing his exercise bike with his big oversized heart.
And he croaked and they didn't fight his body for seven and a half hours.
And good old buddy, McKay, said, oh, this isn't the way I wanted it.
I wish the old HIKUN could have filled out to serve out the whole term.
Then he could have died.
That was the implication from what he said, by the way.
He wished that he would have filled out the whole term.
But then after that, he could have croaked.
Here's a mobile and point and beach of all places.
Hello?
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Heed Kuhn, reference and peace.
Call him in reference to that arms bowl thing.
Do you know what a HIKUN is?
Heed Kuhn, well, you're telling me now.
Okay.
We go on today.
Okay.
This arms bowl thing going on that they had the other day.
You know, these people that come over from these other countries don't realize how many years he'll been fighting for certain rights for humans and how they walk in here.
And from, like you said, these other countries are different.
I'm going to tell you something.
They should have taken all of those people that were there in that orange bowl, rounded them up, put them on a big ship and sent it back where they came from.
Okay.
If they want repression, if they want censorship, if they want to take away people's rights, if they want to deny people basic human freedoms, then let them go back and live in a god damn dictatorship.
Yeah.
I don't understand it.
Have a hell of a, they come to this country here and they can turn around.
And, you know, and they should be here and say, hey, let's have a party, man.
Freedom.
Listen, joy.
Right.
That's right.
And God forbid anybody says anything they don't like right away.
Oh, we're going to get you off the air.
We're going to silence you.
We're going to boycott.
But I beat a bunch of maniacs.
Oh, I didn't know anybody better.
Listen.
I was going to move the back.
The fourth of the dolphin game for the Channel 7 News and they heard it was another study in the Virgin Mary.
Did you hear of that?
No, I didn't hear of that one.
Maybe someone calling about that.
Anyway, listen, I see the Virgin Mary was at the dolphin game.
No, no, no.
In the parking lot.
Yeah, right.
I'll see you.
I'll see you at the plantation this Saturday.
Okay, I'll be there.
We'll help you out on that.
Listen, I got a shameless request.
I'll call you many times I'd ask.
The ebier, the found melt dolphin.
Okay.
We're all like that.
What someone was Rodman, the ball or something.
Okay, you got them both.
And they're listening.
Yeah.
God bless you.
And I want to say something for the left.
Okay, see you.
Get out of here already.
What are you saying?
Roy.
Man.
Okay, you found out Rodman, the Sony Sim.
Hey, how's that marriage coming by the way?
Dennis, what had last about a half an hour?
That marriage he had?
There's these people.
You know, it comes to a point where most of us with a brain,
we get real tired of these people who are supposed to be so important.
Cabloid human beings.
Although I do enjoy reading the tabloids on the plane.
I'm going to tell you.
Those of you who fly a lot just when you, before you get on that plane,
before you go to the gate, just off at the news stand, pick up each and every one of the tabloids,
the star, the Tatler, the inquirer, the, uh, whatever the other ones are.
And you'll just laugh yourself silly.
I mean, there's some real great crap in there.
That's basically it.
All that's in there is crap, but it's, uh, I'm using it and kill some great time.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
I'm pretty depressed, but anyhow.
I lost a lot of money in the game yesterday.
Oh, sorry.
Well, a full one is money.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
What is the name of the shopping center?
What is the name of the shopping center?
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Hold him inside the vault.
Hold his head inside the vault.
Hold him inside the coffins.
Hold your head inside the vault.
and we'll fill up the blank.
It's time to add in to your NASCAR race.
That's the brickyard that it is.
And speak way Indiana, U.S. of A.
Ha!
What's that space?
Camus NASCAR teams are a whole new race.
We love Rusty Wallace and we love Lake Speed.
You can see I'm a NASCAR fan from the back.
His fastest alone, you can see his butt crack.
Please!
Lloyd, I can see a half moon and it's broad daylight.
Take yourself a belt.
Can I put my name on the buckle?
Stop NASCAR girls, don't wear no shoes.
On the big floppy hooters, they got big tattoos.
And Mr. Hick and me, the certain fella from the south.
Be careful if you tell you you got a pretty pile.
Lloyd, give me big hooters with big tattoos any day.
Hey Lloyd, look at them jiggled with.
She's got a Dale Earnhardt tattoo right there,
twin her booby.
Now Harry get the bigger one.
Hey Lloyd, let him see your dick trick.
Lloyd, I'll introduce your dick trickle tattoos.
We sure have done anything you've become mad.
I've got myself a checkered flag.
It's mailed in my gun right.
I think dark and best time the sole voice ever had.
Next year I'll bring my parents.
Mom and Uncle Day.
Show me new teeth, Lloyd.
I'm on him on the way away.
I got me a picture of Richard Petty and Elvis.
Mountain.
No, they're just shaking hands.
33 and 560s.
No more of those bad Elvis jokes.
We're going to get those Elvis files up set again.
What time is that?
You'll come in on by the way.
The Elvis files.
So anyway, Sam and Chris are, I mean, this is really embarrassing.
They got to van up there in Miami Lakes.
And they expect me to go on a tour for them for dates for the Christmas party at Tropical Acres.
So maybe if we have some nice old ladies out there who'd like to accompany Sam and Chris to Tropical Acres,
they'll provide you with a fizzy glass to put your teeth in just before dinner comes.
You can gum the food.
It'll be delicious.
The apple sauce is out of this world.
You can gum it.
Oh my god, a Christmas party at Tropical Acres.
Even Skipper Upchuck is embarrassed with that one.
So anyway, they want some ladies to come by there.
Okay?
So just drive by there and pick up your best of CDs and cassettes.
And then as soon as they start hitting on you look at them and go like that.
Like you would think about touching either one of them.
I think the answer would be a quick no.
But anyway, so I did my best shot.
There you go guys.
That's the best I can do for either one of you.
We have an open line in day two and Broward 5 6705 60 and pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
So evidently we had a couple of cars out there as we continue pushing and prodding and trying to look at their.
We'll get our 100 grand and even I'm amazed at how this thing is finally starting to roll along.
Don't forget our website there.
NeoRodgers.com.
You can order the best of stuff right off the internet.
Or you can call Santa Monica at 5 6 3 3600 or go to your border stores at where the hell are they?
And point and beach Fort Lauderdale, Kendall Aventura.
Coral Springs, the Grove, Voka plantation.
And we'll see you at the plantation store this Saturday.
No one to do it.
The border is in plantation.
Which is right next door to what is it next door to?
Anaco.
No, what's the store there?
Best Buy.
Okay, let's go to Biscayne Park.
Hello.
Hey, Neo.
Yes sir.
Hey, it's Tony from Biscayne Park.
Looks long time no time.
How are you doing, Tony?
I'm not too bad of that.
Had a life been practicing law and maintaining my house.
Been doing pretty well.
Practice makes perfect Tony.
Yes it does.
That's what the president says.
Yeah.
Anyway, the story on the heatcune.
Yes.
Okay.
If anybody would know about the heatcune, it would be Tony.
Yeah, believe it.
The irony was not lost on me.
Right.
Anyway, from what I understand, the younger raccoons in the woods, both male and female, usually
do their hunting in the early part of the evening.
As soon as it turns dark.
And unfortunately, that's the time when all the prey knows that they're out.
So there's one that turns dark.
That's when the coons come out.
Allegedly.
But the older, the older male coons in the herd or whatever you call them, they're smarter.
They wait until just before.
Because remember, staying with the old heatcune walks just before the light of day.
Right.
Well, what that means is he waits until just before son-up when all of the younger coons have
done their hunting and they're back hiding out and all the rest of the game has come out.
That's when they're back in the hood.
Exactly.
That's basically where that came from.
Okay.
But I had a lot of respect for Governor Charles, he appointed me to the state Marine Fisherist Commission right here.
Yeah, I've had it for about a year.
And I think that's going to be his one of his great legacies.
He was not only preaching the value of diversity in the government and in getting all the different citizen groups involved.
But he actually put it in the place.
He saw his last appointment to Supreme Court with the black female, which has never been done.
And this was just a pattern that he had throughout the eight years that he was in office.
He looked for people from all different walks of life, all different ethnic groups.
But he looked for quality.
He looked for people who were qualified for whatever position he was trying to fill.
And he moved forward on that.
Yeah, he was a good old boy.
The only thing I wish he wouldn't have lost that $12 bucks as a kid, which made him so anti-gambling and so good he do choose on that issue.
But other than that, he was a...
Oh, yeah, I agree on that issue.
He was very antiquated.
I think he's going to go down as one of the best.
Okay.
He's bad.
But anyway, good talking to you Daniel.
And when is your next appearance after the one of McDonald's today?
Our next appearance?
Yeah.
I'm appearing at McDonald's.
Are you new?
Where are they going to be tomorrow?
Yeah, when is the next kind of one appearance that you're going to be?
Oh, no, that's Saturday at the Plantation Borders, noon to two.
Saturday at Plantation Borders.
I'm going to talk about his bill of art.
Okay, hope to see you there.
Okay, Tony.
Take it easy.
Okay, we have two open lines.
What's this tap?
I looked away again for one second.
I understand.
It's the 14th of December.
It's on a gun.
It's Christmas and you're busy, right?
That's Monday.
Are they busy?
No.
But they're putting on a good act.
They got $80.
Yeah, well, they've only been there for like eight minutes.
That's better than usual.
Usually by now they're calling and saying, oh, we only got $20.
Nobody's here yet.
It's going to take them a while to get there.
Okay, so maybe I don't know.
I don't know what to say about that.
Well, stick it.
We'll play it by noon.
If we have a turn out there by noon and it looks like we're going to start getting some serious
numbers of people in there fine.
And if not, they're just going to have to go where there's like some living and breathing people.
By the way, if you drive it on 441, you can't hear QAM again when we had that problem.
I don't want to say we had it solved, but it kind of solved itself for a while.
I think Castro has got that old woodpecker fired up again or something because when you drive it on 441,
that's sound is back again when you try to hear our QAM.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if the whole AM band on 441 is like that.
One of the wonders would be on AM, baby, trying to fight the goddamn high-tension wires and the light bulb,
the lights, the fluorescent lights, no matter what the hell it is.
If you run AM, you've got a little bit of a problem.
But hey, that's what we like.
We like overcoming those handicrafts.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How come since Jenny Blurberhead's time for this come to Miami, you stop calling him how he do.
How do you do?
What is this?
He used to call him how he do the old man.
No, he's a Gordon Murphy on the Panthers looks more like how he do.
But if that makes you happy, how he do it, and have a great life.
I'm not calling him a suggestion that I'm not calling him how he do it because I'm in a station.
Is that what he's suggesting?
That is most amusing.
Okay.
I'm the one guy who said what is he shown us here so far?
Not much of anything, including last night.
But I don't want to talk about it.
We have an open-line at Broward, all three in date.
5'6, 7'5", 60", 0.5", 60.
On the AT&T wireless line.
Just like they said, you know, when I came over here, I'd start kissing Wayne's ass.
And they were absolutely right about that, too, weren't they?
21 before noon at 5'60", WDQM.
No spy reports on that Calgary Panthers game on Saturday, huh?
Probably because they weren't watching the game.
They're out there busy grabbing those t-shirts from the end of the day.
Did they fix any of the problems from the night before I would like to know?
Did they get to goddamn scoreboard working?
Did they get to goddamn gold lights so you can see when it goes on since there were six goals in score.
And I can, I'd like to find out some of this stuff.
Have we had any spy reports?
No.
What has happened to this defense?
I mean, I don't know.
Everybody got to get there.
We don't want to get through.
We got to go in the game.
We got to go out and, um, we got to stay together.
Alright.
Thanks a lot, Jarvis.
You are not just falling.
Dispaceful.
The dolphins are cursing and man, it's disgraceful.
Cause Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying...
What the fuck?
They got the fuck off the shit I knew, motherfucker.
Words of love, they tossed in the microphone.
The jump button just can't seem to be.
Left alone in all of this is because they like saying...
So fucking shit, they're not the shit I knew, motherfucker.
Oh, but they play football badly.
I'm so bad.
How did the Patriots kick their ass?
So fucking shit.
Well, well, they make it to the Super Bowl.
But with an attitude as bad as theirs.
They're tossing our hopes down the stairs.
Oh, man, no.
A noxious foul and disgraceful.
The dolphins are cursing and man, it's disgraceful.
Cause Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying...
Yes, they're saying...
Oh, they're saying...
So the measure remains in hospital.
It says, so the orders doctors to stop issuing updates.
But they still put the update on.
They're even always saying stop is sure to stop doing it.
Just tell us either when he gets out.
Or if he croaks, okay?
And in the meantime, leave him alone.
God is he ugly.
Seriously, you know, in fact, maybe that's one of the reasons I'm so fascinated with that.
Cause it's not easy when I find somebody who's even uglier than I am.
And believe me, seriously, I'm not even in his category.
I'm not even in the same league with him.
Two open lines in date, five, six, seven, eight, five, six,
six, the only AT&T wireless line.
Here's Pembroke Pine.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
You know, I was thinking, Theo Flurry, Wang, Fribett, and Lawton Chiles all have one thing in common.
That's that they know how to ruin a good time in Florida.
Yeah.
See you later, Neil.
Okay.
Okay.
There's our spy report on the game the other night.
Now, seriously, I mean, how is it possible that nobody can call and tell me if they correct it any.
And the problems, I know I do not want to hear from Andy from Hollywood over on.
I'm never going to recover from that.
I'm not joking you.
I'm never going to recover from the fact that I've allowed him to come anywhere near me.
Game after game without realizing it was that whining, annoying, irritating, oh, God.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Cutler Raid.
Hello.
Neil, I'm pissed off about.
Well, last week I was listening to you.
And you've been on a roll lately.
I've been rolling it.
You, man, you are.
I was laughing my ass off when I heard that Buffalo Bill tank.
That's the funniest thing I've ever heard.
That is, I can't handle it.
I don't know.
I was on the roll for like 20 minutes and you put that bit on it.
And I'm sitting on my desk and I'm sitting there crying laughing.
And you pull me up.
And then the first thing I don't know was, you put your motion in the back.
Yeah, I'm up on me.
And I had this great I can't carry it.
Oh, I thought that was it.
You thought I was cranking it.
No, I just thought that that was your comment.
Now that was it.
I mean, I had a whole lot of things I wanted to talk to you about.
Especially Joe DiMaggio.
Yeah.
How do you do them, by the way?
He's not so good.
No.
If I lived to be 84 years old, I mean, you know, it just popped me underground.
I'm going to be.
That's enough.
Exactly.
I mean, what are they going to do?
They want them to live to 100?
I mean, look, if you're 84, you've been smoking all your life.
And they have to take one lung out because you got cancer to lung.
What you do, she do at that point, is kiss the ground and say, God, I guess I've been pretty god damn lucky.
For 84 years.
Right.
Just point me away.
I agree.
And also was Murray DeMirolo and Marlowe for a little while or two.
He's a nice guy.
Well, don't keep bitching about.
He's a nice bastard.
Especially when you look like that.
I mean, I'm going to have to have a god damn nice hits he had or how many, you know, 56th rate games, but good god.
Yeah, but that was really bad eyesight.
That was 1902.
That was before we started playing these pairs, 50 million dollars for.
Can you believe that?
That sucks.
I mean, you know, so basically like the guy said before, if you're in New York Los Angeles or Atlanta,
which has got TBS with a big TV contract, if you've got an basically limitless amount of funds that you can spend,
you can go out and pay 100 million, 200 million here.
We don't give a crap.
And you people in our other market, you're not going to be able to compete.
So good luck to you.
That's right. He got hit on the head.
He said, you can't do that.
In addition, of course.
And if you do want to compete, then you're going to have to start raping your fans even more than you already are
and doubling the ticket prices, which nobody will put up with.
That's definitely he hit it right on the head when he said, just start to point out with the Orioles, the Yankees, the Dodgers and the Braids.
Right. There you go. That's enough.
I mean, that's ridiculous.
I boycott all baseball.
I am so glad that the NBA strike is...
I'm really sad that it's coming to an end because those big monkeys don't deserve the money.
And the best thing that ever happened to literacy in America is the NBA being...
I don't think they're going to have any season of all, by the way.
I hope they don't, because I am just loving it.
Yep.
And I wanted to try out for a cart, Neil.
This is for D-fo.
Yeah.
D-fo.
J-E-F-F.
Socks, socks, socks.
How was it?
Okay, see you.
Okay, we have a daylines wide open, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
On the AT&T wireless line.
I guess that has something to do with that J-E-T-S thing, the socks.
I don't know, because I don't listen to that show too much.
Because I like coming in and being in real good mood every morning like I am today.
So how are we doing out there at Miami Lakes?
What is it?
120.
That's pretty... what is that?
And it died.
And it died.
Yeah, so that's 6... that's 6.
In an Alma and 25 minutes, that's pretty weak.
And there's nobody there now.
See, if you're going to... if we're going to appreciate very much the fact they're doing this every day
because it's helping us immensely, I mean, immeasurably.
And it's going to probably be responsible for us both of our goal of 100 grand.
We won't get to Sam's goal of 300 grand.
But, you know.
But if we're going to... if we're going to purposely pick out spots where we don't have any audience,
it would seem to me that these guys would have a better grasp.
Maybe they'd like to check stuff up there in Miami Lakes.
Maybe that's what they're looking for.
Or maybe it's close nearby Shulas.
And they figured they can stop over there and get a free meal or something.
But it would seem to me that there are many, many, many parts of town.
In fact, Broward, quite frankly, I think we're going to do a lot better.
I'm trying to think of other places in Dade County where we might have an audience.
Other than where we've already been.
Do we have an audience in Dade County?
Oh!
No, I don't...
Like down in Colour Ridge, which is too far to go all the way down there today.
But we didn't do any appearance down there this year.
Thanks to certain people upstairs.
Colour Ridge, we got a big audience down there.
We had a gigantic turnout the two years ago for our last appearance there.
Remember that?
Standing room only.
But other than that, since they're already up to Miami Lakes,
somewhere like in Broward would be good.
How about over in Halemdale?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!
How about right in front of Sunny Rosenberg's house?
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Eight Nail.
Yes, sir.
It's fire report for that so-called game.
Anthos game.
Yes, sir?
I was there all the mechanical stuff worked.
The pantas did show up.
I don't think...
And the organ guy didn't show up.
He was there, but he didn't want to play anything.
He didn't want to play, is there?
He was four or a night.
Yeah.
And how about the goal lights?
Do they stream?
The goal lights worked.
You know, they worked.
So you could actually see them?
Yeah.
You could actually see the goal lights on the north side.
Oh!
All right.
I'd like to find those two recent goals.
I didn't see the other ones, but the highlights that I saw, the two of goals that I saw,
Kirk McLean, let him, that wrap around and that shot that went between his legs.
That was horrendous.
They could have threw football balls in, you know.
They could have threw footballs in.
And I don't know what the heck is going on, but those pantas, they need to bullet up the butt or something
the night before the game after they won the one before.
They were there.
They were there, screwing up really bad.
I just wanted to let you know that all the mechanical stuff is on cue there now.
Okay, so we got the mechanical straight now.
We got the goal lights now.
We need is a team.
Oh!
You got it.
Okay, pal.
Thanks for the report.
There you go.
We finally got a few things straight now.
How about Bob Elbrough?
Are we going to pay for him?
No.
Okay.
How about the Zigman Palfi?
No.
Got the money for him.
Okay.
Just checking these things out.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I will say this, by the way, Mike Smith and Taro, one thing I can say about him.
He's an asshole.
He really is.
You know that pot band deal that they keep thing.
It's the same old crap again.
In fact, I think Mike Smith and Brian Murray may be the same person.
In fact, I think Mike Smith, he takes the things out of his shoes.
What do they call those, the elevator shoes off?
By the way, here's the latest to pull Clinton.
Should he resign?
37% say yes.
62% say no.
There you go.
That poll taken over the weekend.
Here's the Republican saying he ought to resign to spare us for this impeachment trial in the Senate,
which they're the ones that are going to put us through it.
And 62% of the public says no.
We don't want them to resign.
Okay.
Cut the crap.
Cut the crap is what the public says.
And the goddamn right-wing assholes, they won't cut the crap.
That's right.
On and on it goes.
And where it stops, who the hell knows where.
I'll tell you where it stops the 2000 election.
You think this last election was just a whisper in their ear.
They're going to take such a bath at the polls in the year 2000.
They're not going to know what hit them.
They're going to be screaming for, you know, it puts the lotion in your casket.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Miami.
Going once.
Going twice.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm a frustrating dolphin fan.
I'm calling about that game last night.
Yeah, well, yes.
Well, we don't care.
Okay.
Call one of the sports shows.
We're not interested in frustrated dolphin fans.
Yeah.
We don't give a crap.
Yeah.
In fact, let me say this as somebody who used to be a former ping.
Nobody used to give me the ticket to us to pay five years in a row from my own dolphin tickets
right there at a 50-yard line.
Only one thing I could say that would sum up my feelings about that whole situation.
I don't give a sh-
Exactly.
Thank you.
It's 11.55 at 5.60 WQM.
We got the Humberhank Gorbiger out of Chula State 2 coming up at 2 o'clock.
And then we got the Boogster at 6.
We got Monday Night Football, a real game coming up at 8 o'clock Lions at 49ers.
We're so sorry.
They miss Rodley.
We don't stop and build a tent.
We're sitting with a toy.
We're so sorry.
Daniel Swatman.
Tuck the paddy's tongue with snappies to a fricking loyalty.
It's real Jackson who defied me.
He sent you a very busy, but you're dressing cool with it.
He asked if you were fine wearing something under his feet.
So your way to call.
Way to call.
Every time he jumps, you can see his basketball.
You will be targeted.
Retarded.
For sale.
And for talk.
And for you.
You will be targeted.
Retarded.
And for sale.
For talk.
The saddest rabbit might be the children now.
The mouse.
You will be fighting to the town if you want to move it down.
The saddest rabbit might be the children now.
You will be caught in street of the town.
You will be the little prince now.
You will be targeted.
Retarded.
For sale.
Retarded.
Retarded.
Retarded.
Retarded.
You will be targeted.
Thanks for chucking our good pies on.
What did you get?
I got a lot of money.
I got a lot of money.
I got a lot of money.
I got a lot of money.
I got a lot of money.
I got a lot of money.
I got a lot of money.
I got a lot of money.
I got a lot of money.
I got a lot of money.
I got a lot of money.
I got a lot of money.
I got a lot of money.
I got a lot of money.
I got a lot of money.
I got a lot of money.
I got a lot of money.
The End of The Year.
to a precious view so as a result we're gonna have to start nail up mizuzas on
draw frames of glimpses to make them think that they're Jewish
here's my any hello
deal yes sir
i'd just want to say i love the show and i hope you have a great holiday
and i got a request for the scottish bagpipes
alright
alright i have a happy pal there you go
all request a baby we're doing it over here
are we getting any reports from them over there because i had to take a
plug-in at place because i think
it you know it's up to them they're the ones who are selecting these places
but uh... the less said the better okay Georgia's picking up the instrument
right now is that them
because we had let the last number you gave me was like a hundred and twenty
books if we're going to do 120 bucks every half hour they're going to have to be
there till about two o'clock in the morning to reach a thousand okay with my
arithmetic last time i figured like i said they're going to have to be there
until when's the midnight
was that them
so they were out there on the northeast corner the palm of the way sixty seven
and the McDonald's parking lot with all of our best of stuff they got free
dolphin t-shirts they got free uh... whatever else we have who knows what they
got
but they sure have the best and the else stuff
cussets and cds etc
come on let's get an update let's give us an up ok let's get this thing rolling
let's get it like we had to go on last Thursday and friday let's zoom it
along there get up to a two big forty what is it two forty like i said we'll
get there it's not too bad
and no girls
good good let's forget all the sex crap ok
let's keep the sex out of this alright let's keep the hanky panky reserved
to the sky box there at the macarena we know what sam's got going on up there
doesn't everybody know there you go he's getting a fact that most people get
the lifetime so i don't worry about it
here's key largo hello
hi nil yes sir
good show
you'll die what can i say nil say hello to all my friends in Cuba who after
they told me we're on the air they're just great to listen to you like
every day they're alive yeah
and i want to say hello to chattelor in keel argo and other friend of mine
that usually helps me with my computer this is George you know who this is
and uh... also uh... medical to you nil ok metacornist christmas you can
okay we have an open line of day one what is it metacornist
five six seven o'clock police now they've got police come on let's hear
let's hear Ricky martin by the way port of ecos said no to spadehood and thank
you after that because then we would have to say no
but it's getting closer and closer that he voting like every two weeks on
under with like forty six percent said yes and fifty three per hour four
percent said no
and of course worth it and hey we don't care what you say because there's no
chance
not that we have anything against port of ecos we have many fine port of
ecos citizens who live here in south florida well i shouldn't use the word
citizens we have many illegal aliens here
now that's an interesting point
i never stop to think about that if people come from the virgin islands
or from port of ecos i guess it's not possible for them to be illegal
aliens is it their citizens by birth
right that's what i'm saying
so why you making up stories about illegal aliens from port of ecos why
do you say that
okay where we go in here's uh...
what's on beach hello
a deal
i don't talk to proctor professor pro's that uh... took eight hours to discover
his body
what
what do you think he out of here will you that tired old guy from
i don't want to talk to you chronic new yorkers okay get that guy from
point and beach in the low-power to where you got nothing to say no material
to open lines in broward five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the mobile one line
what is it about new yorkers there's so many wonderful there many to
wonderful people in from new york but they're all there
here's a mobile in my any hello
a little deal yes sir
how are you great
never been better sir i'm right on top of the world caring carpenter
well said i don't have much material but i got to share this with you all right
i went into uh... actually went into a toy store
i thought a peter or a real hockey doll
yeah
you know i found it
and if they don't spot that
if they don't spot say okay thank you i thought you were going to say it
uh... toys the us
more of those damn racial joe's man more than a year we have an open-minded
date five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty understand that the theory murray started peter well
there the night they lost again
understand kelary made a monkey on them
so anyway by the way a setter tonight
uh...
the thirty-a-fatter person and that's all hoskey that in Canada the least
up to do it out there is going to be a real bad
goal
thirty years
they've been playing that's all that's not that
that
since the back of the way that's going with a crap
that's the damn truth i'll take it out right now
but you can't win every day boys you can't win every day they're going pretty
good they're going okay
here's a mobile in Miami hello
yet to okay
okay about the job how about them giant
yeah amazing
yeah being down for who i'm not sure how mediocre the whole league is when the
guy can be done and not only that but that it's like somebody appears to
big balloon they had all this hoopla set up for next monday night
it was going to be on the feet of the day we're going to bring out all those
old seventy two dolphins again and uh... both teams want to loosen yesterday
nickbina county drinking a champagne
about a signature request about uh... said i'm who's saying
is a mf okay
somebody said that i'm a something like that
camera at these down and we'll get them all on
because it's the guy damn holidays were here to celebrate make it a little bit
easier for you
we have an open line in brown County five six seven oh five sixty pound five
fifty
on the mobile one line that's our poll question today who's more important
and all moral or uh... jodam as you know
who's got a better haircut
not a bad guy role more a little bit more right wing that i'm a bad guy what
is he he was the sheriff of a davie of notting him
here you go they're showing it again look at that December four through the
six
well i don't get that what are they just show their
that was bizarre
okay here's the approval rating over the weekend sixty four percent approve of
bubble thirty four uh... say uh... they disapprove and only two percent are
stupid enough they don't know who he is
sixty four percent approval rating and this is after the house you this year
a committee votes out these four articles of speechment okay
after these got that they just refuse to get the message
they're all gonna wind up with newt gingrich they're going to wind up there
in entry up in the woods
with a lot of spare time on her hands
can i touch it
whoo whoo
run your hands
hey like a velvet
what's this right here that is the ball pipe
what do you do with the blow pipe you blow it lad
you blow it
hey you put your mouth around it and your blow
hey would you like to blow my pipe lad it
okay can i
sure get it
come on lad
you got to put your mouth around it lad
don't be afraid it's not gonna break
like like this
hey that's a boy
stick it on the way down your throat
hey it means you do it at life
what's the fuss over here?
let's meet Shanta
what do we do with that?
what you do with that lad is you put your both hands on it
you cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft real quick
hey run your hands up and down it there
now what you want to do lad is you want to blow on the pipe
you want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle
and then you want to run your hands up and down the shaft real quick
okay
one together all at the same time
okay here we go
good lad
hey that's good lad
sure
hey good lad
keep moving
no harder ladding
harder
squeeze the bag
squeeze more
run your hands up and down the shaft
stick faster
run your hands up and down faster
this is so slow
oh my god
how are you doing going to play with that?
I'm okay
you can go ahead again
after the kiss for me but earth maybe
now what lighter is this?
this isn't the one they brought you with that
no it's different
huh?
how did you get this from the Dramboe people
it's a Dramboe lighter boy this is really great
hmm
this isn't the lighter this is a freaking torch
oh we're not smoking in here are we?
are we smoking stokies in here?
we better not do that when we move upstairs
anyway we got a million calls on here
which we'll get to but there's a big article in here this morning
the battle for fans this is incredible
this is a town where there are some people
who are getting on the verge of asking for a public money
to build a new baseball stadium
software has crowded sports scene creating problems
and empty stadiums it's a
sport
sports owners try to stay positive despite dwindling attendance
and it talked about the meditores who aren't drawn flies
and about the hiracun's about their football attendance
and their invisible basketball crowds
which there isn't anybody there
and the fusion
with their horrendous average attendance of 10,284 in soccer
ranking only ahead of Kansas City in the 12th team league
and about the
what is that indoor soccer team
and everything they got the thundercast
there you go keep the seats are eight dollars
are well short of league 6,000 per game average last season
even though they made an ambitious effort to reach fans
by participating in dozens of community events
and it goes on and out about the 8,000
unsolved tickets for the Alphans Rams game
and about the two games that had to be picked up by Channel 4
or they would have been blacked out
more and more stadiums more and more arena is more overpaid
illiterate done jocks that's what we need there you go
oh
I think finally we're reaching that point
we're reaching the point of saturation
and people are just learning to say
just like Nancy Reagan would tell you
just say to overpaid illiterate done jocks
and then we can talk about important things on this station
like Joe DiMaggio
here's Hialia hello
Hey Neil how are you doing sir
I just wanted to say I love your show
and I want to wish you a good holidays
and I have a shameless request
yes sir fair will to i.o.d please
okay
like to hear see you have a good one
how about goodbye i would do your fair will
oh by the way book of Brian Vlisten
don't come in today unless you don't want to get paid
well I forgot to bring him a check because I didn't get home
and I'm going to plane to the land to late last night
and I got in the car just in time to hear
boy there was no tell you what there was no laughter
coming from Bill Zimper the anonymous dolphin broadcaster last night
I got him my car was 1120 eastern standard time
at Miami International Airport
getting in the car turn on the radio of course there's QAM
and there's Zimper starting like his puppy
just had bad diarrhea on the living room floor
with a heavy house full of guests
he sounded really depressed
and the dolphins were driving for a touchdown
and you could hear a pin drop
so obviously was a meaningless touchdown
the game was just about over and it was
no laughter from him
and again I'm thinking of myself
he's not bad
it's not that he does a bad job
even though he's like colorless he does
he's you know he's okay
but the fact that he doesn't live here
that he's not an identity
like Hank will tell you all the time
nobody knows who the hell he is
if you ask who's on the dolphin broadcast
99 out of 100 people they're saying manage
and they'll say yeah well he does the color
but who does the play by play and they'll go
I don't know
here's Hollywood
hello hey dear what's up
how you doing sir
I have a question uh the best of clues is
you don't think I'll put up again
oh yeah I'm a lifeguard right in front of it
it's traffic to get in that place is horrible
yeah oh yeah I'm running
spot-forward here on our station
so they must be doing something
yeah because you know us we'll take anybody's mind
I'm going on a trip to Europe and on Sunday
the plane trip is about 10 hours long
is it like
is there like bad turbulence from here to Europe
or something?
oh man you better hang on tight sweetheart
oh really?
but it takes some uh what wouldn't use their bad turbulence
I mean
sometimes there is sometimes
it's as smooth as gliding on a uh on a on a pond
it depends on a luck
oh man I hope I get a smooth flight
yeah but it's BYOB bring your own bar bag yes
can I hear our gildi?
okay you got it
all right there's a good time pal good luck to you
it's going to be really choppy up there
I'll tell you what thing fly up over the weekend
Friday you just to Lake Eury
and I'm going to tell you I've hit about 40
seconds with a turbulence like I
haven't hit in a long time in a plane
I mean real nasty turbulence
and the guy sitting next to me says
that's a little more turbulence than I
uh care for it's something like that
some silly Canadian thing you said
and I said how's it going?
hey really nicely
in fact the last time I can recall that
it's about three four years ago
you get that a lot in the summertime
at Atlanta not only is it paying
any ice flying around Atlanta
it's important not because it's so glad that
it congested and a lot of times you have to
like circle the airports for about a half hour
until you get clearance to land
that's really annoying when you got a connection
and you know you're already where you're going
but they keep circling and circling
because they got to wait for clearance to land
because they can't land everybody at the same time
but boy they get some of those summer storms in Atlanta
and then of course the other place
where like from May until October
there's very often real bad turbulence
because it's storming and storming
and raining and puking
I don't want to say the state of Florida
woo you can fly all the way from Europe
and back and we've had this experience
smooth as a sheet of ice
or at least as smooth as the sheet of ice
as supposed to be but not in the NHL
and then you get to the state of Florida
all of a sudden you're rocking
and jamming you just rate a puker
guts out
but anyway have a great flight balance
peace of cake
here's a mobile invoker
hey Neil how you doing?
great
almost the sheet of ice if you just change a letter
and NHL
did you go to the Vancouver game last week
the Vancouver game?
yeah the Vancouver
we didn't play Vancouver last week
we played Ottawa
sorry sorry sorry
I thought I was going to ask you who ever to have a work in Iowa
in the first goal that we let in
when underneath the goal is
stick in between his legs when we were ahead
for nothing
I couldn't believe it
I'll work for at least for greasy goals in that game
he's brutal
between your legs
anyway does the internet try to buy your CDs
and it only had the option to purchase cassette
are they still available on CDs or are they available on the internet in CDs
towards says they are available
however part one is sold out
on the internet and at borders and port
lottery
number one is they're running away faster than number two
right and of course because I put number one together
but so what does that mean?
so we're getting them redone we're getting them restocked
what?
what does that mean?
I don't know what that means
I don't think so
oh we're doing that
how am I going to be able to get that on CD
find the borders that has one
yeah we're not waiting where did you go
you're doing on the internet
where do you live?
where do you live?
what if he just called setter one
will they have it?
George what if he just called setter one
can somebody give me an answer
somebody speak to me please
god I just can't believe this
okay just call center one let me give it to you
okay
and I'm sure this request Superman
Superman you mean the okay I got it
thank you
okay we have an open line in the
5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
you can get them by call center one
like I said if you call 9 5 4
5 6 3 3 3 6 100
they do have best of meal on CD
part one
like I said how are we doing out there
at the McDonald's by the way
they're going to be moving
we're at 210
that's going to be an hour of mine
that's put they're going to go where?
temper pines
temper pines there you go in
Broward County where we have some people
to listen to WQA and then he arrived
your show who's speaking in English
so that's why they don't speak English in temper pines
but they're still listening
see I'll tell you one thing I was just thinking about this
during that last break
one good thing that it goes to show you that
even though these far-bison right-wing Cubans
that showed up in the orange bull on Saturday
and I'm sure with some help from some right-wing
lunatics in their Spanish language media
all they could whip up was a couple of hundred that derelicts out there with that bringing their dragon their kids along
to try to goose it up and make it look like somebody showed up
with their anti-mattoquon hysteria
that's a pretty good commentary that the rest of the community just told them
in any language okay
here's Miami hello
hello Uncle Neil
yes sir
Neil I wanted to talk about two things but
while I was on hold I was serving through the channels here
and there's Spanish show where the guy's name is Fustet
and he does a draw
and I got to see a Fustet
there you go and I'm not getting all of it though
don't quote me but apparently he's been taken off the air
because of that
the gay amendment right that he was supporting it
and the new station
didn't want him to deal with that and they're throwing him off the air
really incredible stuff but anyway
I call them up to be easily influenced by those 40 people that showed up there on Saturday
I want them in their whole audience
incredible anyway I call them up two things
I'm getting a humidor for Christmas
and somebody told me that I cannot fill
my humidor with different cigars
because it'll mess up the cigars
is that true?
that's ridiculous you can put whatever you want
we got a humidor sitting right back here
it's got all kinds of wild stuff in it
okay great somebody wants to I can't even tell you
great Neil and my second thing is can I audition
for you know how you got all the buttons that you push
and you got a guy that comes out there and says no
can I like change the can I audition for a new guy that says no?
yeah sure
you want me to do it now?
go ahead
okay you lose but nice try
okay we have an open line in the day one and
how many say hello?
okay sure nice try but no
is the answer
how can you possibly be Larry King's
I mean just the way he says it
people all over this town are going
that's right no no
and then if that doesn't do it for you how about Drusy
no no
just say no no
25 past noon at 560 WQM
your psychotic station for the 90s
and for the holidays happy canook on Mary Christmas
happy new year man it's almost done
with his crap
14th of December already so they're moving to another location
our WQM band in 20 minutes
which will be anyway but you see we wasted all this time
there up to 352
so it has a 352 total waste
where does the two come from?
they're from 352 to whatever it is
now his name and his future going to be with a TWO
or TU
I want to bang you in the butt honey
coming soon to a theater near you
for super reed is
super man
super man five
well child superman
superman quick to me
open is drowning
hey here comes superman here he comes
he's in a wheelchair
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
yeah
that'll call you super Jim
yeah you freak
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
Oh, nothing's happening. Get on top of me.
Archer!
Ow!
I, the evil God, have finally visited out a way to defeat Superman.
Oh, with, with script of night?
No, steps.
Superman 5, the search for a bigger doorway, rolling into a theater near you.
Company 1 at 560W, by the way, that remake of Psycho, that was a made for TV, right?
That was on TV.
Wasn't it? Where's that movie?
Oh, it's a movie. I'm thinking of a rear window, I'm sorry, because I was just looking at this crap.
Yeah, that's right. Psycho is a, when I was that out, because I've been reading scathing horrendously,
negative-rate-grote test, discussing like it's the worst piece of the third you've ever seen in your life,
and why didn't they just colorize the original one, like I've been saying?
Oh, let's remake it with a bunch of characters that nobody will possibly believe,
and then of course we all know about Tony Perkins and Janet Lee anyway.
Oh, we don't?
Here's a mobile and cruel spring. Hello?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great. Great. You know, I wanted to say something about Rod and Child.
I kind of liked him. You know, the only thing I could have ever opposed him with was this gambling.
Yeah, well he lost 12 bucks as a 12-year-old kid and he just, you know,
Yeah, but at least he didn't, he kept it personal.
He didn't try to make it somebody which is crazy and nutty thing.
And about the Clinton, I just, I knew David Shippers in Chicago,
and that guy used to be an incredible prosecutor fighting the mob and everything like that,
but he's become such a, he just become a sanctimonious, a higher gun for a bunch of religious allies.
Yeah. And so you have a great plan, though.
His, yeah, YouTube, his indignation and his, his, his fainting outrage there in at the closing argument of the day,
it was such garbage on and on and kept repeating the same thing over and over again.
I mean, this is, this is an endurance contest.
These guys are basically subjecting the American public to an endurance contest.
How long before you and they'll present, they finally just can't take it anymore.
They say, okay, we, we all give up.
That's what it's all about.
Is there anybody that wants to see one more minimalist crack?
No.
Man, the, the only people who wanted to go on forever are MSNBC and CNN.
Those are the only ones that care because their ratings have zoomed up every time they put this garbage on there.
Of course, what would you rather see?
Would you rather hear the, see the hearings?
Would you rather see Don I'm sitting in a chair talking with brother Fred on the farm again?
Jesus, I don't understand.
I just don't get it. I do not get it.
And I'm a, I'm a fan from years ago.
I'll say it again for the 500 times back in the days when he was hysterically funny and he was a real talent.
And now all of a sudden he's making more money than ever before.
They just signed him for other 500 years.
In fact, that's even worse than signing Kevin Brown.
Seven years, he's going to be 41 years old when that contract expires.
Is there anybody in this room who believes that he's not going to be pitching when he's 41 years old for his five,
for his 15 million a year?
No.
I hope that Dodgers take a real gigantic is what I hope.
I hope they lose 100 games this year.
Here's Pember Pine.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, I am.
Neil?
Yes.
Love your show.
A northern child, you know, is that me?
Was it an overdose like a prozac or what?
What is it?
Did he take like an overdose of prozac?
He took an overdose of, an overdose of a prozac.
That's right. Absolutely, sir.
Recall me back when you're speaking, was you okay?
We have an open line in day one in the Broward.
I think that was my cam driver from Toronto.
560, 7.0560 and 0.560 on the mobile one line.
Here's Coke on a creek. Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, Neil?
Great. Never been better, sir.
Oh, good. I'm off the route here, but I am enjoying the show today.
I'm a champion from Boston.
Does it on a buddy of mine?
I've been listening to sports all week on this station.
How are you going to hear that crap?
Well, I don't know.
I just was curious that if that's...
Did you talk about sports at all to all the way up?
No, no. No, no. It's absolutely not.
Why is he wanting to get a little...
We're trying to do a formative interlude.
We don't want these people to become neurotic and obsessed with stuff that really is not that important.
Well, actually, the griff came in for Paul isn't important.
But I just...
Just a little message for you guys about it, because I do...
What do you mean for you guys?
I'm pretty popular up in Boston. I'm on the sports talk show.
Oh, good. Okay.
Then that's the first indication that you're off of this one.
He's pretty popular on the sports show.
There's another word code for, I'm a chronic caller.
Well, sir, we got enough chronic callers of our own here.
We don't need imports from Boston, okay?
Go call Eddie Andalman.
Go call somebody that wants to talk to you, okay?
Go talk to the ghost of Jerry Williams on a weekend.
Get out of here.
Can you believe that?
I'm pretty popular on the talk shows up there in Boston.
So I thought I'd come down here.
I mean, why does anybody go on vacation
or whatever he's doing down here for the holidays, maybe?
And it's a kind of talk show.
So you got a problem while you're up there.
And you can't leave it behind. You need therapy pound.
You're a chronic talk show caller, no matter where you go.
At least one thing about our chronic,
of course, our chronic's never leave town anyway.
That's the problem. They don't call anywhere.
We have an open line that's powered two in the date
or the other way around. How do we got the couple of lines?
5.670560, 05.560 on the mobile one line.
That's great. That was good. So that was beautiful.
I'm a chronic in Boston. Can I become a chronic down here on this station?
No.
Here's Fort Myers. Hello.
Yeah, that's my first time caller.
And I really like your show.
And I have a question that I agree with you on the impeachment.
Not impeachment Clinton.
Is there any way you get no movement started to the people
against the panel? The concept?
Yeah, getting a movement started in Fort Myers.
That's not easy. I understand.
Well, I mean across the country, you know, people get out here and have that.
How are we going to start a movement?
I don't know. That's why I'm asking you.
Sure. If I had any idea of how we, I mean,
you got to call your congressman.
You can email your congressman.
You can send them a singing telegram, whatever, you know,
whatever you think will do it.
Yeah, I think that's what's going to have to do it.
I'm going to tell you one thing that I know for sure
the people are highly motivated are those Christian coalitions.
They're going to be manning the phones and they can eight billion fall phone calls, you know,
all week long. You know, that's going to be going on.
All right. I know I disagree with everything that's going on.
And I agree with you wholeheartedly.
We've got to stop this.
Well, make a couple of calls, pal.
I will. Okay.
We have an open line a day to a proud and like the lady called with play show's
number here last week through the Friday,
whatever day it was, if people got other numbers for whoever the hell we want to call
and get with it.
Of course, then there's always Iliana gross late.
Then are we going to worry about her?
No.
Rosemar was in a 10 on a bad day.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 5 60 on a mobile one line.
What's the story with our WQA and van?
By the way, now the time is the wasting.
It's almost one o'clock.
5 o' 2.
Still in the same spot?
Yeah.
And they're getting ready to pack up and go.
They're getting ready to pack it.
And they're going to go to the hooters on Pines and University.
Oh, yeah, they're going to hooters.
See that that's what this deal is all about.
They're going to hooters.
Is where they're going.
This isn't about raising money for charity.
This is about Sam and Chris getting laid.
Is this what it's all about?
There you go.
Now if we can do both at the same time, I say more power to you guys.
It's about raising money for charity and Sam and Chris getting a piece of ass.
That's what this is all about.
Or more than one is the case maybe.
Well, if you want a good piece, how about going over to the kernels, huh?
Oh, I saw the abylo him on A&E, Harlan Sanders.
Did you ever see that?
Pretty interesting for a crusty old fart, even as chicken wasn't as crusty as he was.
But he would.
And you know, now that's our new poll question.
Canis Mastemacho, Colonel Sanders or Colonel Parker?
Well, they're both there anyway.
Were your floods back then?
Good by I-O-D, the memories are there.
Oh, that's left of a station.
That once had been and for A&E that was quite a play.
Hudson, Paxenmore and Sane.
You blow it all in when they build those condos and blocks that tower off.
You'll be lowered down into your grave.
And you were great at one time, but now you sound more like a signal drifting in the sky.
And you'll never see numbers you can sell again.
Yet clear-cattle knows what they're doing, what's so safe to see.
But no one's listening anymore because they really speak.
Good by I-O-D, let go of Gregg ol' skiff the poof,
the rims the rest of that retardative that remains a tax and no regime.
Clear-cattle has a scheme, but it's clear to see that despite all their court for ridden,
they're not going to be able to do anything.
And you were great at one time, but now you sound more like a signal drifting in the wind.
And you'll never see numbers you can sell again.
Yet clear-cattle knows what they're doing, what's so safe to see.
Yet no one's listening anymore because they really speak.
This is Debbie.
Hi Debbie, I'm an interesting getting through operations done.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
Uh-huh.
And I was wondering if it's from Cometalk and lip augmentation,
cosmetic deflest surgery, face theft, all of these things.
Uh-huh.
And you're just wondering, what was that start with?
Well, I need to get everything done.
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No. Could you do breast implants though?
Uh, I can't be done.
The better health they would do right away.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Uh-huh.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too.
Uh-huh.
Laser surgery.
Uh-huh.
Have the lamb stop crying yet, mommy?
Hey, excuse me.
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first, and then if I'm looking at you,
we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay.
Um, there is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Okay.
Um, my name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay, let me give you a little information from you.
Mommy.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Or do you want to call me back?
What's the lotion in the basket?
I understand.
I got my skin suit nipple like a...
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
I'll talk to you in the time.
Okay.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello.
Okay.
Yes, hello.
Okay.
1247 at 560 WQAM.
We have an open line in the day to endbroward.
567 05 60.
560 on a mobile one line.
Oh.
God.
Woof.
Okay.
So where are they now?
Have they moved their location?
They're around.
They should be there before 1 o'clock.
At the Hooters on Pinds and University.
Oh, that's right.
Hooters.
That's the Ducks and Dungeons.
What is it?
Ducks and Dungeons.
What is it?
It's a Ducks and Dungeons.
It's a Ducks and Dungeons.
It's a Ducks and Dungeons.
It's a Ducks and Dungeons.
It's a Ducks and Dungeons.
It's a Ducks and Dungeons.
It's a Ducks and Dungeons.
It's a Ducks and Dungeons.
It's a Ducks and Dungeons.
It's a Ducks and Dungeons.
It's a Ducks and Dungeons.
It's a Ducks and Dungeons.
It's a Ducks and Dungeons.
It's a Ducks and Dungeons.
What it is, no matter how rational, how normal, how real those people seem, if they're chronic callers on radio talk shows, they got a serious, serious problem.
And usually when you meet them, they got like one eye-like strike clops in the middle beforehand, and you know, one ear where their recto used to be and etc.
Serious problems.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Oh, yeah, Neil.
Listen, has anybody told you that I forgot the guy's name, but he plays Nick on Young in the Red Bull?
Do you know he has a band?
Josh Moral.
Yeah, do you know he has a band?
No.
Like, oh, I see, I did read something about that, yeah.
Yeah, it's kind of like, I, is he one of the boys in the band?
Yes, I guess he is.
Oh, him, and what was the guy's name, or do you remember the guy that rape Sharon on the show?
Like a couple years ago.
Oh, his name was Matt.
He's in some other show now.
He made it to the big time.
Matt, can I forget what show he's on, Matt.
He's in the band with Nick.
Yeah, I bet.
It's him, Nick, and some other first-
And David Boyce in the band, yeah.
Yeah, the song sucks, but I thought maybe if you like the Backstreet Boys, you might like it.
No, come on, don't say that.
I'll give it to you.
There are no Backdoor Boys.
I don't know how it would be.
I won't admit it.
Okay, thanks for the good news in the JAPY New Year.
What do you say?
We have all three lives in date, wide open, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
What?
I thought you were going to go in parts in very important information there.
Here, how is that possible?
I'm not going to do it two for one.
I never saw that happen before.
Look at that.
We got a dead heat.
Wow.
Here is West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Happy New Year.
And back to you.
You know, I was ashamed to hear about the governor.
He was a good guy because he took on its backhoe companies.
Right.
I think that's what he's going to be known for.
You do?
Well, that and other things.
I don't think there was any other governor who was ever known as the heat cool.
And I think that probably set them apart.
I think it was, I think the way he used the nickname was more of less like a wise thing.
You know, he was like the wise old man that looked over everything.
Uh-huh.
I think that's how he used it.
I think my Clinton, though, is just amazing.
What appalled me and I feel mad for the woman that her husband died.
But what right does Mary Bono have being on that?
She's a bubble head.
She's a simpleton.
She really is.
In addition to which, by the way, if you were reading the tabloids like I've told you
is your homework assignment, you discover that she's been having an affair for around
a lot of years now with some guy that Sonny knew about, which is why he tried to change his
will, chance that he and everybody else had got this thing tied up in probate now with Sonny Bono's
will.
And she turns out to be another Philanduor.
And here we have another sanctumony of Cypchrich, just like Henry Hyde sitting on the Judiciary
committee.
Exactly.
And she's been screwing around for the last 12 years.
Exactly, exactly.
How do you like that?
Well, I don't like it.
That's why I'm saying it.
But the whole thing is Clinton.
I'm watch.
I couldn't watch it last week because I was so disgusted by what happened.
I mean, where did this come from all of a sudden?
Two, three weeks ago after the elections in November, they were saying, well, they wanted
to go away.
Yeah.
How they get the message.
And all of a sudden, it's like somebody gave him another shot in the arm.
It's okay.
Here we go.
We got a second win.
Now we're ready to go nuts.
But the funny thing was how, you know, there's 21 Republicans, 16 Democrats.
Every vote came out of 21 to 16.
You didn't even have to know.
You just knew it was going to be that way.
And you want to know the sad thing is that he's probably going to be impeached.
I don't want him to.
But the point is being impeached means they're going to have a trial on the Senate.
But there isn't a child in the chance that they're ever going to pass.
Of course, man.
They're not going to convict them in the Senate.
So what they're going to do is they're going to drag it through months and months and months
and we'll have to your testimony from such a devious people as Lucien Goldberg and Linda
Tiff and Pat Pudgey Monica Lewinke.
Exactly.
Which we've already heard of.
Yeah.
All boys there to say there's nothing new.
No, there isn't.
The other thing is also why does in the news, seeing us how a child's done, why do they have
to interview Jim Bush or even mention his name?
There's no reason for that.
The governor died.
Why do they have to talk about the future governor?
There's no need for that.
Yeah, especially at the time when we're supposed to be at the Jewish for the Jewish and Jewish
for the holiday.
Exactly.
Okay, man.
Thanks.
Have a great day.
What do you say?
We have an open line in Broward one and a five six seven maybe because it puts the Lucien
in the basket here.
Do you ever stop and think about that?
We just need to take that one line and stick that in here.
I'll just put that for four hours.
It puts the Lucien in the basket.
There you go.
Oh, by the way, speaking of that.
Oh, God, speaking of that, talk about the timing one moment please.
Where's the A section?
Where's the section A?
Anthony Hopkins says, did you read this?
That he will quit acting because he finds it's very bad for one's mental health.
Hopkins 60 said that after 35 years in the business, he finds it tiresome, disturbing, and
deeply distasteful.
I wanted to do something else with my life.
He said adding that he explained all this to his wife and agent after winning an Oscar
for the best act of 92 for Silence of the Lams, Hopkins summed up his career.
I've done one or two good films and some bad films, he said.
It was a complete waste of time.
But then he added I'm very grateful to the business.
They paid me well, but I've got enough money to live for the rest of my life.
I like Los Angeles and I'm just going to drop out, he said.
He said enough of the bull crap and he's going to go out there and just drop out and spend
all of his money and have a good time.
Nice going.
Tony.
He said one good thing about making all that money.
It puts the lotion in the, what he said.
Here's a mobile and Tamarack.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
What's up with this baseball deal?
Can you believe it?
They'll never get another nickel out of my pocket.
Not me either, man.
I won't, I won't, why can't you more games?
I don't care what the story is.
I want no more part of it.
It's out of my life.
I lost interest back when this strike and everything and they started to get me back
a little bit last year with all that crap with my wife.
And of course they show you how stupid they are.
They got a miracle last year with a Sosa and McGuire thing and all the renewed interest
there.
And so they got a little bit of a kiss.
They went back, you know, a lot of national publicity that they would never had otherwise.
And all of a sudden they shoot themselves in a feed again.
These crazy owners with these outrageous, unacceptable goddamn salaries.
Yep, and I won't even renew my major league baseball package on my dish.
I'm not going to do it.
Good.
You know something?
You just gave me a good idea.
I'm not going to do it either.
They can stop it.
I did not work that.
And now Clemens, you see Roger Clemens, they wanted to trade for him to Houston.
And he says if he goes there, he wants to be the highest pace.
That means he's going to make more than bread.
He's going to have to make 16 million year old.
It's unbelievable.
And you know, well that's the way it is.
And hopefully baseball goes on.
And I'm going to do this paper this weekend, by the way, speaking to Roger Clemens,
they'll pack him a salami sandwich and get that a lot of time.
It couldn't be fast enough for them.
Absolutely.
That's good.
And now I'm going to go ahead and get your CDs there with my business.
I'm not going to plug my business.
I don't want any slippers that you got on your show.
Oh my God.
I don't blame you hanging around my place.
So I'm going to do it off the air.
Thanks for appreciate it.
Take care.
Thanks.
OK, we have an open line in Broward 5.
Just say, just say to baseball.
That's my message for 1999.
OK, just say to baseball, tell him where to stick it.
OK?
I'll take it off the air.
All right.
Bunch of overpaid panties.
They're going to hang the other sideline for a month.
OK?
Oh, gee.
I've got to hang the air right.
Hang this.
Guys that are hitting 225, they're making 450000 in the air.
They're not up there with the elite status yet.
They're only making 3450000 in the air to hit 215.
Guys that couldn't have made triple a ball.
They couldn't have made the goddamn Rochester Red Wings 40 years ago.
And they're supposedly major league ball players now.
Because we got big league teams in Batavia, in Lockport, in Rondakewold, in Ishtagin,
Michigan, in goddamn Ipsilanti.
They're there.
They're there.
They're at hooters on the corner of Pines and University in Pemberpines.
Sam and Chris and Dave and the other gants of Michigan, OK?
Sam and Dave.
So why don't you sit a little hour?
Saddle who's saying the mother f***er?
Oh.
Saddle who's saying the mother f***er?
Saddle who's saying the mother f***er?
Saddle who's saying the father f***er?
I racked the crappy little cussed great.
Those like the mustache on the face.
Just get rid of that.
I tried.
You're in freaking Chubby.
At Florida.
I hole goddamn space.
Saddle who's saying the mother f***er?
Saddle who's saying the mother f***er?
Saddle who's saying the mother f***er?
I Tro deleting dick along with FrBERT.
Saddle who's saying the mother f***er?
Saddle who's saying the father baws,anja.
$102.560 WQM, the Nasdax down $35.65 the markets continue to do a...
You can talk about corporate earnings and they can talk about this and that.
But most of it has got to do with all this penis-gate crap, with this right wing.
I'm going to tell you something, and we get to the...which we will after Thursday and Friday.
They'll pass at least one article in the house and move on to a trial in the Senate.
And then you're going to see an economic in the markets like you wouldn't believe.
Not just here, but all over the world.
And you can thank those good old right wing Republicans who've totally lost their mind.
There's Bumble right over there with that bearded Yasser Aerofard.
Okay, with that smelly old Arab.
And they're high-fiving and low-high-fiving.
And whatever the hell they're doing.
All over the goddamn world of stuff is going on and they're looking at us like...
Are you people out of your mind?
You're lying about getting a blowjob from some Bumble and you people are going to want to remove them from office.
You crazy hypocritical sanctimonious assholes who are busy breaking up people's marriages and screwing around behind Sonny Bono's back.
See, you know, that was the bad point.
Remember when the first the then-coats thing came out and then the Henry High thing?
They should have never stopped.
They should have gone on with air-be-pieces sleaze about everyone of those goddamn bastards.
Then all of us in the wood of stuff.
In fact, I wouldn't be the least bit surprised.
If part of the reason the newt-mice didn't just resign as speaker of the house but resigned as he'd all together.
Because boy, you talk about some real crappy sleaze waiting in the woodwork car to come out on him.
That they had. They had him by the short hairs and the curly ones.
Here's a mobile in taberniere. Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Before I ask for a shameless request, I'd like to share a TV act on the head last night.
I thought Jerry's fall well on the Geraldo show.
What the hell is that fat face to piece of crap out in the rounds four again?
He made the lotion of that.
He recommended that Clinton being a born-again Southern Baptist, he should do the moral thing and resign.
I mean, the guy's just unbelievable.
At that beside the point, could I make a shameless request?
Yes, sir.
From my super bad.
Isn't it interesting, by the way, how they all start singing the same tune at the same time?
First, it was going to be impeachment.
Then it was going to be censure.
Then it was going to be impeachment again.
And all of a sudden, over the weekend, they got on their bat lines together.
Now, he should do the right thing in step aside and spare us this lengthy impeachment trial on the Senate.
Oh, I mean, we haven't seen fall over a while.
We'll see him left and right now.
Mostly right. Yeah, fall right.
Yeah. Anyway, from my supervisor, could you play that Harvey Firestein sort of bit on softball?
Okay. Thank you, sir.
Have a great day.
What does that call? I know what it's called.
Okay. We have an open line at day one at Broward.
5667-0560, Palm 560 on the AT&T wireless one.
Lawton, Charles, Elvis Presley, Joe DiMaggio.
Which one of those three names really sets your heart of fluttering?
Which one of those three men?
Lawton, Charles, Joe DiMaggio, who's right on the edge, by the way,
but let's not talk about it because we don't want to piss him off.
And Elvis Presley.
Greatest contributor to the human race.
I can only think of one he cool when you come right down to it.
There's been plenty of kings.
There've been plenty of Yankee sluggers, but there was only one he cool and something to think about.
Here's a mobile in Coral Springs. Hello.
Yeah, this is a bone-o-bitch.
First of all, the reason why Sonny didn't even put together as well or sign a well is because he caught her cheating with a Claudium structure.
Uh-huh.
He was going to be leaving the house because he tried making the relationship work.
The day that he died, that next weekend, he was moving in with his mothers because the marriage wasn't work and found out that she was cheating with him.
Yeah.
And this was like the third guy that she was cheating with.
Right.
Now she's sitting on a panel, listing, reading stuff.
Looking around like a lost puppy dog, like what the hell am I doing here, right?
She's got stuff in some of the guys behind her rope for her and ask her this, ask her this.
She has no clue.
First of all, she's cheating like a whore.
And you're expected to, you're supposed to watch this and say, hey, maybe we're doing the right thing.
Let's get rid of the president.
Right.
You got everyone there.
Who's not dipped their dick in something.
Yeah.
I mean, to sit there and say, you know, they were talking that he might resign.
There isn't a China.
There isn't a China man's chance.
Let me say it again.
The CNN pulled over the weekend.
Brand new pull.
62% of the American people said, no, when they actually resigned.
62% and you know as well as I do, neither reluctant to get anywhere near 62%.
So millions and millions of people who never even voted for him either time he ran.
Still think he's doing a hell of a job and cut the crap is what they're saying.
And they're saying, listen, just admit to a projory where Santeria will let it go.
The second he admits to projory, they're going to string them up by his, his, his, his,
Tonya.
Yeah.
I mean, it's a, it's a trick 42.
They're going to say as soon as you get out of office, sweetheart, you're going straight
to jail with a pass go right.
Exactly.
Shameless request.
Yes, sir.
The guy calling up and telling his wife that he fired the husband.
Okay.
I think that's a classic one to say like the Congress calling Hillary and telling them that Clinton
sleeping with the secretary with the fishes.
Okay, have a great day, pal.
What's he, he's all worked up to a friend.
So that's the kind of call we like to hear.
He pissed off and fired up, baby.
He's handed up to his goddamn rear.
Second tire of this bull crap.
Sanctimony as much a right winged goody two shoes, man.
And they're all diddle in each other.
They're diddle in anything that moves.
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
We got the Hank Goldberg show from Shula State to coming along at two o'clock.
We got the books to briefly at six o'clock because at eight o'clock we got a Monday night football
game that'll make you find something else to do.
We got the lines into 49ers.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you know what I was thinking?
We're always talking we when I say we, I mean the public, we're always saying how you know these athletes, these actors, they all get away with murder.
They're above the law.
This show here is a chance.
Maybe this will set a precedent.
Maybe they'll go after everyone.
They can get the president.
They can get anyone.
Yeah.
That's what I thought on that.
Okay, what do you say?
Okay, two open lines in rowered one and day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Where do you find Hank Goldberg?
White where you got it.
Sports radio five sixty two eight.
Oh, God.
I saw the five team.
Maybe you heard about the gay softwares tournament about to take place out of Nashville.
Well, I happen to be the manager of the softwares team at the Putnam way in where we really enjoy Putnam way in.
Okay, we're looking for players really on real and believe you made this plenty of openings to be filled.
Maybe you're the right man for the job.
Listen, we'll do everything we can to get you in your favorite position.
We emphasize the squeeze play, the grand slam, singles, doubles, triples, whatever, you know, tickles your feathers there.
Bases on balls.
That sounds painful.
Well, it is, but it's a good hurt.
I think you know what I mean.
Listen, whether you're a pitcher, a catcher, or just playing the field, come on down and try out.
Everybody makes the team.
It makes the team.
It makes the team.
And it makes the team.
And if you can't make a team, you know, it's the abor boy.
Guys, you don't have to be great.
I mean, there's no embarrassment if a fly should drop or if you pop up or something like that.
And if you get tagged, that's okay too.
I mean, really, let's face it.
What's better than being slapped with some hard leather when you're sliding home.
Another feature you might enjoy about the situation is we play games where we're tied up for hours.
All right.
So listen to Harvey.
Come on down and play in one of the tightest divisions you'll ever find.
But just remember the rules.
If you're not safe, you're out.
One 13 at 560 W to QM.
So they're dying over there is what Sam said.
Sam and Chris found an even dead or location in the movie.
We're in Miami lakes.
They're with the hooters, pines in university and pepper pines waiting for you to come by and buy your best of Neil CDs and cassettes and T-shirts, etc.
What have they got nothing over there yet?
Well, I'm going to tell you better get with it because otherwise they're going to be there were long time to get to a thousand bucks.
We raised 502 last and forth from the other location.
They could be there a long, long time.
Here's the lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Which is probably why they went to hooters.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil.
I was calling to tell you about Esquire's man in the year.
It's Linda Trift this year.
And they're saying, you're not just because she looks like a man, but it's because she's so, you know, conniving and back stabbing.
Yeah.
And then also while I was on hold waiting for you, you're bit about Harvey Firestein.
Did you see he redid the ugly duckling and it's the scissor duckling?
No.
Yeah.
And we're happy to look at it and I have a request actually.
Yes, ma'am.
If you can play a request for the love of my life one, he's not a Julio, but if you can do either the duck story or big black dining bin.
Or both.
Okay.
Or both.
Okay, have a happy.
Bye-bye.
The duck story, okay.
Or big black duck name bin.
We have an open line of Dave Wattedbroward, five in the Palm Beach, 235 on the West Coast, 567-0560, Palm 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami Lakes.
Hello.
Miami Lakes.
Yes, hello.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon, Neil.
How are you doing?
Great.
Just wanted to let you know I stopped by the McDonald's over at North West 67th Avenue and it looked kind of slow but I picked up your part one of Best of Neal.
Well, thank God for you, man.
Yeah.
Just wanted to contribute a bit to your good cause and just wanted to give you a congratulations, I'm sure that you do have.
And how you bring out all the issues that are the ignorance in this town, try to ignore.
Thank you for me.
Okay, thanks a lot.
All right, have a great life.
Okay, getting pretty slim now.
567-0560, Palm 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
We'll just catch up with these requests.
Then we'll sign off.
We'll go home.
We'll say, hey, we'll go over to Hooters.
Maybe I'll throw in a few more bucks.
Oh my God, I feel so good.
I'm sure.
Oh, yeah.
Who's your model?
Who's your dad?
Who's your model?
Who's your model?
Oh my God.
Are you playing football?
Are you playing football?
Are you playing football?
Oh, that feels so good.
Yeah, just roll number one.
There's so good.
Oh my God.
I love it with this.
Oh, it's lemon.
Oh my God.
So it moves.
I'll go get you a towel.
Oh, you're sad.
Oh, you're sad.
Oh, you're sad.
Well, just say it.
Oh, you gotbaggies.
Oh, don't let the game feel helpful or why?
You don't like it.
Oh, yeah.
But you're sad.
Oh, you're sad taking away this.
Oh, you don't like it.
Hey, are you spending money regardless of the puts or the cash?
You've got body order that just won't go away.
Or you smell, or you smell, or you smell today.
You've got body order, so please go home and be.
Just the other day I went to the valley.
I had some garlic cloves with lemon-burget cheese.
Then I washed it down.
It's done and we shaved.
The week this smell made rapidly, it was more than she could take.
It's all you smell, all you smell, all you smell today.
You've got body order that just won't go away.
Or you smell, or you smell, or you smell today.
You've got body order, so please go home.
Home and free.
What you think?
118 at 560 WQM.
Happy holidays from all your good friend.
What was that?
I thought maybe we had an update.
I thought maybe we got a quick 300, 400 over there at Hooters, huh?
560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Maybe from now on we'll let us kind of pick a spot, okay?
I suppose the going where they want to get laid is what this is really all about.
Here's a mobile in the Jupiter.
Hello.
Hey, and you all have a question about that CD, the one you're using for the fundraiser there.
I'm going to pick one up for myself.
Is that something that's like regionally local humor that somebody if I nailed it away,
wouldn't understand what was going on or is just like across the board stuff that anybody, you know, could enjoy?
Across the board.
All right.
And then it doesn't matter that it's a Christmas present for like a homophobic guy.
No, that would make it even better.
Yeah, I agree.
And let's go check, huh?
Okay, have a Ray life, pal. Whatever you say.
Yeah, hold your breath.
Okay, two open lines of day two and brown.
We're getting down to the various slim pickings now.
560, 750, 560.
Probably all getting ready for Governor Bumpkin's funeral.
Is that what it is?
Uh-huh.
No interest.
Governor dies.
Governor dies just they find his body seven and a half hours later right near his exercise bike, George.
And do these people care when Mel Allen died, do they care?
No.
Joe the Maggio.
That's it.
Care about.
He's not even dead yet.
That's the very whipped up to a friend.
He about Joe, goddamn, Joe, Joe the Maggio.
Can they tell us why?
No.
We don't know why.
He was an icon.
He was the last link between today and America's innocent past.
Whatever that means.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, got it.
Happy birthday.
Happy New Year.
And back to you.
Yeah.
That must have been one of them.
That must have been one of the two live Jews.
What?
What are you laughing about?
They're from here.
They're Yoko.
Now he heard me play his bit so he's on the phone.
Okay?
There you go.
It's two live Jews.
Oh, so I guess I better plug their, uh...
Huh.
Two live Jews present Christmas Jews.
That's the new CD, by the way.
I guess that was the purpose of the call with a heavy X-Foney accent.
Christmas Jews.
That's where that thing was.
I just got through a plan.
Here's a call in Fort Myers.
Hello.
Well, Dale?
Yes, sir.
I have a request for a word to set up the other CDs.
But if you have a time over here to Fort Myers for a couple of hours,
I mean, everybody listen to your play race over the bar.
I know I'll link it.
I don't really have time to make it all the way down to borders and sunrise
or all these other little places they set up.
Any chance of that?
No, all you gotta do is pick up the phone and make a call, though.
Tell me, Ellen.
Hello.
Been done.
It's an idea.
I mean, how do you do it?
I mean, how do you do it?
I don't get 9.545633610.
9.5456336600.
That's what you gotta do.
You don't even have to leave your home.
And they will whip them out in the mail for you.
Right away in the CDs too.
Open line in Broward, 400 in Dade.
567, 0560, 0560, 0560, on the AT&T wireless line.
Covered Pines.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I just wanted to ask you a couple of hockey questions.
Why would the flyers trade Chris Gratton back over for a record?
Because he stuck the joint out with them.
That's why they just got Michael Rennberg back.
Who was a hell of a player.
And Chris Gratton has been a zero.
They moved him from Cedder to left wing.
And the Stunca Joy out there.
He just in the dance.
I know Rennberg is a good player, but he ends up scoring much with Tampa.
Who the hell would score with Tampa when you play it?
The idea doesn't do well on a craft team doesn't mean anything to me.
It means nothing.
Well, do you think they're gonna move around?
Michael Rennberg will be much more positive for Philadelphia than Gratton was.
Do you think they're gonna put him right up on the Legion to do more?
No, they're not.
They already said they weren't.
Why would they do that when Keith Jones is playing so great there?
That's true.
I would find that maybe a year or two.
I put him on the brind the more line.
I thought maybe a year or two ago they would have put Zubar up there on the right wing.
Yeah.
Because he's more than a younger faster player than a league.
Why would you mess when you got a line like LeClear and Lindros and Keith Jones?
Why would you mess with that line?
Well, I didn't realize that Keith Jones is gonna have that good of a year.
Well, he's doing great.
Can I call a couple of people, do you back?
Yes, sir.
Ron Schultz, you're a poker raisin douchebag.
And John Roberts, you're a backstabbing, two-faced Indian giving lying douchebag.
Well, other than that, happy holidays.
Okay, thank you, sir.
They're friendly.
They're in a good Christmas Hanukkah mood, maybe.
They're doing it.
5'6, 7'0, 5'60, 5'60, 5'60, on the AT&T wireless one.
Even I'm starting to get in a career and I'm getting punchy from these people.
Here's a mobile in Pompano.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, or good afternoon.
How are you doing?
How are you?
How was Toronto?
Great.
Still there?
Yes.
Yes, wonderful town.
I was wondering, you probably didn't see it because you were away, but I missed the beginning
of the show.
I was wondering if anybody mentioned to you that there's two authors of that book.
I believe it's called Frozen Cons that you talked about.
Right.
The two authors were on one of the talking head shows I believe it was yesterday morning.
They've been all over the place.
They were really, very, very interesting and really, very aligned with the whole situation
with the NFL.
Did she talk to Don Yeager?
The one guy?
Yeah, we go Friday, you called him.
Yeah, I remember both of them very articulate, very, very interesting interviews, actually.
And I think it was on the ABC show.
Let me pay this for right here.
Anyway, it was just very interesting.
I figured you probably didn't see it because you're away.
Right.
But I will not go to a Marlon's game.
I got tickets for the Toronto hockey game, though.
Toronto and our pianists, I'll go to that.
I want support, I want support baseball anymore.
Amen.
Okay, just for you guys.
No.
To baseball, pal, that's our model for 99.
And I've got all your CDs back to about 91 or 92.
And God bless you.
Awesome.
And have a great holiday.
And a happy, okay.
We have two open lives and Broward to a date.
We're just kidding ourselves this last hour.
We should have signed off at one o'clock.
It would have been a pretty decent one day, but now it's really we're extracting.
We're reaching in there.
We're twisting.
We're yanking.
Because let's face it.
You're going to have 20 hours today of national team of people.
Because it often got lost another game last night.
Because the Jimmy as usual, it's hoaxing the big games.
I don't want to hear about Dallas.
You know, Dallas was 100 years ago.
I don't want to hear about the criminals and the Huracun.
That was a million years ago.
This is now.
That was then.
This is now.
56670560, 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Too bad we don't have 40 hours in a day.
Then we could have 36 hours today of people calling and going.
Here's a mobile and Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Great.
I thought I'd combine your two favorite subjects into one.
You get a kick out of it.
Religious, insignificant and hockey.
A while ago I was in Boston.
I saw bumper stickers that Jesus saves.
You know what?
Somebody snuck by an amp there.
Oh, and then this is so old.
It's so old.
I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just remind you.
Okay.
Thank you.
Okay.
Open line is powered to a date.
Please don't, please don't reach way back into the stone age for your material.
If you got something for us, great.
If not, sit back.
Take a good, very, a minimum and relax.
125 at 560WQN.
Where do you find Joe Rose, Jessica Farris and Steve Goldstein?
The first team.
Right where you got it.
Sports radio 560QAM.
Wow.
Lollipop.
Little boy.
Someone opened up the window.
Cause somebody just cut the trees.
The aroma is appalling.
And makes it difficult to breathe.
You know I only had a very small uptrend down the street.
At one home long.
And there's no chance I'd last that time of gas.
That's a function and so strong.
Is that what you're thinking you're all wrong?
It wasn't Steve's day.
Oh, no, no, no, it wasn't Steve's day.
It wasn't Steve's who just won't go back.
I'm not going to go back.
I'm not going to go back.
I'm not going to go back.
I'm not going to go back.
And everybody knows I'd ego wrong.
You think I want to play that.
No Cup?
I said oh no no no it wasn't me that
you think I'll play that no she didn't have it in the back
should be I hate the book of Brian got caught?
yeah good I played it for two reasons number one because we're doing the
Murray Bono was a mindless hypocritical putt which he is and number two because
every time I play a book of Brian bit that guy a cult when you know book of
Brian you know somehow resisted his advances he kept his honor
and this guy every time we play a book of Brian but he's called up how can
Jordan try to book a Brian son but I mean better yeah get a life
pal get a new boyfriend here's a mobile in adventurer hello
Uncle Neil yes sir I'd like to know where all of these so-called
holiday spirit is I don't know if he's been out doing any shopping no I have
done last week or so but I was not doing my little holiday shopping and
every sported out there and it seems as if I'm bothering sales people yeah now
that one of them even responds like when they're done with you ringing you up
taking your money now one of them say happy holidays anything like that to you
yeah like they're bugging you well it's like they want to be consistent like they
are the rest of the year right here's a mobile in Hollywood hello
hey yeah yes sir you're the best
uh...
listen I don't know why uh... my people come here from New York I know why I came
here from a North because I really like it here a lot better
and uh... and I guess as much as you complain and I complain too about the area
the reason that we're here is because we like it better we do well I mean we like it
better than the alternative we're also go back you know
if we didn't like it we probably wouldn't be here it's all depends on what
you're talking about I mean if you like the weather better than freezing your
ass off I think most saying people like the weather better at least part
to the other than freezing the rest off in terms of almost anything else I
would disagree with you sir I don't know I don't
I'm here because I make a very good living here and I've invested about a hundred
years of my life here and then that's it that's why I'm here this this is a vast
wasteland this is a this is a nothing this is a zero this is a place
I have to laugh I'm looking this article about the sports stadiums in
arenas now they're playing for all these empty crowds because there's so much to
do here I mean yeah if your idea of life is playing tennis and golf in the
snorkeling I guess there's a lot to do here well yeah I'm from mid-Michigan I'm
you know I don't take that much to impress me maybe yeah but I'm here because
I mean I kind of take it I like it well good in my there's only one for
people for people that are that that have so much disrespect for the area
that they continually they on purpose land the teams when they go to the
stadiums and they sort of are in your face about where they're from far as I'm
concerned they're just coward because they don't even slam now you're
sounding like Joe's brother-in-law well what does that mean I mean if you're a
man if you're a fan of a team what does that have to do with where you live that's
the only permanent thing about a team buddy so in other words if you're a buffalo
fan you have to live in buffalo the rest of your life no but you have to have
some kind of a I would I would think that a person would have some kind of a
geographic connection I don't get me wrong if you live if you live in buffalo for
40 years and you retired and came down here why would you be a Miami fan in any
sports if you live in Cleveland for a hundred years and you necessarily be I
wouldn't necessarily be a Miami fan but I wouldn't be at a mattress in your
face I hate you I like where I'm from well but now you're talking about obnoxious
New Yorkers okay and the most of them came here well that's that's probably
true but you know the point is what is the point in New York what the North I
think it's true that New Yorkers are a lot of time and I think the reason is because
you know okay well look and call up on the sports you're talking about the
jet scheme okay we have an open line and Broward five six seven oh see this to
me I can't deal with it if you like a sports team you know like a sports team
that's fine is it really that important no first not I mean if you're going to
use it as an excuse to hate somebody else whether it's a rock religion or because
their color their skin is a little bit too shades a little too dark or too light
or whatever it is fine and you got a problem one more good reason to be pissed
off at other people but Jesus this this thing with a jet and in this station by
the way is partly responsible for that idiotic mentality that jets in the dolphin
thing and the heat and the next thing I mean you know it gets so ponderous in
boring after a while and the bottom line is they played a football game last night
again they played their second game of the season and the jet speed him again for
the second time and the final score was really not indicative of the game from
everything I read in here and they won the game and that's it and life goes on
here's North Miami hello okay sir I think these pants are going to hang out
with these west coast teams do I think what you think they'll be able to play with
these west coast teams in their conference the west coast team in their conference
who are the west coast team in our conference sir sir speak to me my dumb
hoolie or friend my little bit chronic girl yeah right well they be able to play
with the west coast team in their conference which is the eastern conference
which there are no west coast there's a west coast the Florida team which thank
God we don't have that one the lightweights but there are no west coast teams in
eastern conference last time I looked at the standings last time I checked my
map another hockey expert there you go all right here's Tamara hello Neil
yes sir you know God I got something to share with you about the president I have a
friend in Tallahassee where I went to school that tells me you got to work for the
Republican committee he's a hobo and I said these people are machuganis he didn't
know what I meant they're fascist maniac you know that these are the same people
that outside everyone on the the border regions up in Tallahassee all right they
outside everyone they cut another one to throw this guy out they want to throw
them out for nothing it's disgusting it's the fall of America it's the fall of an
empire to watch these people work they got evil in their eyes they got poison in their
eyes if you watch them another thing Neil yeah eight years ago it goes up the
lotion in the basket he puts the lotion in the basket uh-huh eight years ago
the closer gourmet a fine deli on sunrise boulevard in between Pine Island and
University we just send you conishes over it the other scumbag station remember
sure remember crazy mel the condition man mel has now got stupid insurance agency
in Tamara instead of conditions you fell in insurance yeah I get a little plug in
there okay happy to you look thank you get out here that's the reason he called he
don't care about the border regions he don't care about the penis gate Monica
Gates stain gate any of that he cares about getting in the plug because what the
hell is Jewish it's wrong with that 23 before two at five sixty WQ am where do you find it
Kaplan right where you got it sports radio five sixty Q a F
there's a fact in the church have you ever had an alien anal probe you've ever
been impregnated by a creature from a far off galaxy I bet the only thing you
took away from the experience was a strange rash in that chip that's still in
your brain well I'd like to pick up a nice lump of cash the next time an
intergalactic traveler decides to pick you up well now you can with abduction
insurance you've heard the crazy farmers and low red white trash talk about it
so you know it's true alien abductions do happen and now for the first time in
the history of mankind you can actually benefit from your next
deduction just pass a little bit each month and the next time you take a little
trip come back to earth and show us that chip in your head or the rod in your
ass and the claim is as good as yours abduction insurance sign up today and get free
use of bonus a meteorite proof umbrella just in case one forty three five fifty
wQM got some bad news from our remote location out there with a QM van real bad
news they're dying over there that's what Sam said they're dying over there at
the well you know if they go to places instead of trying to get laid if they
go to places like you know near shopping mall stuff like that but these guys want
to get laid they want to pick up some chicks out there which is their
prerogative how about doing that after two o'clock would be good instead of
going out there to hooters by pines in university you think that there'd be
that'd be a busy location wouldn't it very busy intersection in pember
pines shouldn't that be our audience there that be millions of our people
there and they got under a hundred bucks there so we got still under six
hundred dollars for the whole day and we're gonna make a thousand bucks for
the day every day on the use of QM van things even if they have to stay there
till one two three in the morning four five in the morning even if they have to
be there when we come back tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock and start all over
again but god damn are you people slow out there in pember pines what is the
story with that I guess what we're discovering is that we have pockets of
listeners you know what I'm saying we have little pockets in plantation we
got a little pocket down there where were they the other day that we had a
little bit of response on us one the growth on the grove you know we got some
closet people in the grove but you have to be just in the right place when the
right neighborhood within about two or three blocks where all these people are
otherwise we hit these big gigantic gaps
here's a mobile implantation hello Neil yes sir two just a couple of words about
what's going on in Washington first of all Tom Delay the bug man yeah the
bug man from Texas very interesting thing happened in 1992 when Mr. Chief
Justice Renquist changed the procedure for selecting the three judge battle
that picked the infant of council very briefly these guys used to be retirees
from both parties who had no particular acts to grind and along came Iran
contra gait and then the white water the initial white water independent
council wasn't doing much and so in 1992 the head of the three judge panel was
replaced by a former Reagan right wing zealot who in turn appointed Mr.
Star and yes who's going to be presiding in the Senate Mr. Renquist oh yeah
that's right of course so don't you know and everybody seems to sort of like
the preoccupied with Christmas shopping while the entire constitution is
turned upside down I mean there's no defending this guy but I mean some of
stuff that they were talking about which nobody is paying any attention or
listening to some of the stuff that they were bringing up any impeachment
articles about how he lied to his cabinet members how in God's that he lied to
them about whether he was having sex with this woman not about anything they had
to do with government he lied to the Fox the cat too so what and the buddy well
yeah but anybody the I don't know what what is going to take a right wing
what do you mean what is it going to take they're already doing it they're in
this in the process I hate to break the news to you they're in the process
well already underway what's hope takes a turn for the better okay and have a
great thing two open lines and day two and Broward the public that I
interested in this they want to know a little bit more about Joe Demaggio did he
have a good at the end today how are things going with Jolton Joe and they want
to go out there and do their shopping and light the candles on the menorah and
go out and get to their light bulbs on a Hanukkah bush and then that's it five
six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless one I can't
believe we're dying in Pemberpies just just come in this morning we got
beautiful totals over eighty five grand would fill seven of the eight
border stores to report in we got the outline precincts going to be reporting
in tomorrow Wednesday we could be up there close to 90 grand already and this
thing worked miraculously on Thursday with a QAM van it worked great on Friday
over a thousand bucks each day and we got a real big smile on our push real
optimistic we're gonna get the big number and we go out today and there you go
excuse us for infringing on your time okay excuse us especially their
in Pemberpies here's a mobile invoker hello hi Neil how are you okay sir all right
an opportunity go out to the newer reader to watch the pants is like yeah I
thought that the big problem out there far from no enthusiasm on the ice there's
no enthusiasm in the uh... stand
yeah
what's the story go to make believe garden or the first isn't make believe
gardens it's not the form it's not medicine squared garden there are seventeen
eighteen thousand people in there and maybe maybe ten or twenty percent of them
really are there because they care about the team because they understand the
game and the rest of our their for whatever reason you have to ask them
because it's something to do somewhere to go somebody gave them the tickets
that's why they're there
right strip the total event this is not a hockey town so these people don't
know from hockey
when you think it's ever gonna become a hockey time considering you have
half these people from lunch and all come down here and New York has come
down here to watch the game but there's still no electricity in the stands
everyone sits on their hands yeah
you think it's not a little bit of a start is well maybe if they put some more
t-shirts up in the crowd would get a man
out of the start doing that while the game is going on I think this guy just
gave us a real good idea
in fact the pantopatrol they're they're on skate they can skate pretty quick
while they you know when the action is down to one of the ice they can be down
the other way you know slinging the shirt suffer the crowd hey and everybody
screaming in yelling and they're watching themselves up on the big scoreboard
up there I mean it won't add anything to the team or to you know scoring any
goals but it'll add some more excitement in the atmosphere this guy was you
can't manufacture it you cannot manufacture enthusiasm you can
manufacture fake enthusiasm which I've been talking about for the last couple
years now that that you know that kind of crap and everybody jukin and
jivin and watching themselves up on the screen but when you got about 70
rating percent of the people in there who don't even understand what's
going on out there like this guy before who calls and asks me about when are
we going to be able to beat the the teams in the western teams in our
conference I assume meaning that we lost the Calgary the other night
and then when you got guys like Michael Russo who's just a fat like I said at
the beginning of the show just a big road toned schmuck who's nothing more than
the propaganda this he's the he's the propaganda voice for the organization
giving us a song and an answer about stew barns and how he's done the fourth
line with Pittsburgh and they're disgruntled and they'd like to cut a salary
because they're almost bankrupt and they had about 20 million dollars to make
the payroll and yada yada yada in the meantime he just scores his 13th goal on
Saturday in a 4-3 penguin win over St. Louis does anybody on the Panthers F
13 goals no party struck has got 14 anybody got 14 anybody got 12 anybody got
11 and Michael Russo as usual writing whatever it is that they want him to
write whatever will curry favor with the organization you're just a
suckhole Mike why don't you face it okay you and that dark complex in front of
years over there at the Harold that writes the same article like you write
every day just by coincidence because you put into paper whatever it is that
they tell you that to put in what a joke you pick up the Toronto son of the
Toronto star in the or a real newspaper in a real sports down and you read columns
where people have got something to say not just where people are periding
whatever the organization tells them to put in there but hey it works easy here
because most of the people don't know what they're talking about anyway still
who hey we're not gonna stew over it anymore Chris Wells looks real good up
there in the stands and that's who
