Talk to Neil called 5.6L Rogers on sports radio 5.60 Q.A.M.
It's Friday you fast dude.
I needed a new one in late and I got it right away.
Thank you Joseph and son.
John Dealer my fish cut drunk and like a miracle I had a new one in less than an hour.
Thank you Joseph and son.
Hi I'm Jesus Christ.
You know it ain't easy living in Jerusalem when you look like Peter O'Toole
and you can't speak a lick of Aramaic.
That's why here at Joseph and son Carpentry Shop you'll always receive quality work
at miraculously low prices.
Right Bob?
Sure.
So for the finest and custom wood crafting from a bookcase to an arc don't settle for any
slub who just builds crosses.
Try Joseph and son Carpentry Shop.
Our work is guaranteed.
My hands are God.
You know one of the most disgusting things I think I've ever seen in my life was just sitting
in looking in the other room they're hamming it up for the cameras again.
Joe Costello's over here getting a little training.
He's got his training brought on and of course anybody's got a brawn.
That's good enough for George and George is sitting there right behind a
massaging Joe's which I thought was the most grotesque thing I've ever seen.
Hey Spig and a grotesque we got some grotesque stuff here today including
we got the Miz Anna the black inflatable party sheep.
All right what we're going to be back on see this is the big news this is
an honor of our celebratory thing we're having here today because Monday this is one of the great
accomplishments in my checkered career.
This is a miracle.
Don't you understand what a tremendous accomplishment this is.
We're going back on here for Myers on Monday from tendinune.
Of course from noon they got to put that religious crap on there because it's paid for
and until that preacher runs out of gas or money or both.
As you run out of gas not yet.
They'll probably have that crap on there from noon to two but nevertheless because we finally see
what makes this so momentous is that this is a radio station.
WWCN770 on the dial good signal no ratings ever I mean they it's like they don't exist.
It's a beastly state there while there you go it's a beastly operation over there in Fort Myers.
Never show up in a ratings inevitably in the last rating book when we were still on over there
before they started panicking and get real weak need and nervous because they had two calls from
the FFA the Florida whatever that F stands for association the Florida or his association.
So they got all panicky and put that paid religion on there oh we better not put you know cut the
crap okay so the ratings come out and guess what we finally showed up and it's that bag over
there in Miami he's the one got it some listings over here it's a major miracle.
So Georgia's doing a show on Monday and of course they probably don't know that yet because
they're totally out of it but he gets to talk not only to people over here but the people in
Fort Myers so we got the black inflatable party sheet for that our friends over in Lutz are going
to be listed all right grease her up for Monday speaking of grease her up I got so much stuff to
talk about today including yesterday and experience of a lifetime I saw the new arena the way
in arena. I'm gonna just call it that I'm gonna call it the Macarena hey that's a good idea we
just had big MacLeave time let's call it the Macarena I like that seriously what's wrong with
that even though he probably won't never be going there it's the Macarena and this place is so
beautiful you just aren't gonna believe it it is so spectacular and they tell me it's the best
in all of North America you know something I haven't been in many of them of course in fact
there only been in a few but it's gotta be there can't be any place more unbelievably beautiful
and those of you hockey fans out there which there may be a couple all of this article in the
paper today says there's only a couple of people like hockey and rest of them like figure skating.
Do you see this thing the survey yeah they did a survey because of the impact of the home run race
on baseball so the Associated Press did this telephone survey of a thousand people nationwide 37
percent of those people pulled said they followed baseball but only 11 percent said they chose
baseball as their favorite sport they watch enjoying the most nearly 40 percent chose guess what
professional football what a surprise huh well about 20 percent chose professional baseball 20
percent or basketball rather 20 percent selected figure skating and only 6 percent chose
professional hockey isn't that pathetic isn't that sad isn't that a 20 percent selected figure
skating who the hell did they interview the god damn bullshawy ballet I mean what are we talking
about over here they do this interview with Charles Nelson Riley's house figure skating
and 6 percent said hockey was number one but be that as it may I'm not deterred that doesn't bother me
I couldn't care less because this place is so unbelievable I when you see it and I have great
news for those of you who are a paddocky that wound up in the upper deck or in seats other than what
you thought you were going to wind up sitting on or that was your first choice doesn't make any
difference there are no bad seats in the macarena none I mean every seat has got a there are
sightlines that are so great and I'm not just saying this because I'm doing a hose job for anybody
it just happens to be true and I said in my seats by the way yesterday I put my big fat ass and my
big fat seater in section 101 running the NBA I'll seats one and two and I said all right this is
great right there at center ice and the ice is down by the way too and we went on every level we
scoured every part every orifice in that place and you just aren't going to believe it when
you see it they've got that magnificent which it was not for any yesterday for this huge big
clock with the other than that crap we had in the Miami arena where you couldn't see the replay
or anything on the damn thing which was the most embarrassing piece of garbage in the history mankind
was like looking at stuff to barbed wire which is the way in the way in the way in like
sit that way but this is state of the art it's spectacular it's sensational and a little frosting
on the cake well let me tell you first the great story about who was there on Wednesday I was
supposed to go there Wednesday but I guess I find out now why I didn't make my thing on my tour
through there on Wednesday because my good buddy was there on Wednesday my best buddy in the whole
goddamn world was at the macarena checking it out and so he naturally wants to go and sit his ass
and one of those is a great plus seats and they are plushed by the way very comfortable and great
and this is a true stir I'm not making this up and so Wayne sits down right there in the seat
squarely and guess what the seat breaks and Wayne falls on his rectum all right nice going
way in sweetheart I think God is a pain of back I think there's a message in there Wayne
so yesterday at the arena I get to meet for the second time a great guy by the way I said it
before I'll say it again no matter what happens on the season Terry Murray a great guy our new coach
and Terry has he's not a BSR or a BM artist either I mean he just happens to be a really good guy
and we sat down and I talked about this one sucks and he said yeah you're right now when
you know I'm not going to repeat what he said on the air but he knows the lay of the land he
understands what's going on and then got to meet some of the other people Billy Smith was in there
it was great then we go to the locker room I wanted to make sure I found out where we're waiting
these locker is and then we went up to the next floor me and Rimmer the rim man and you'll never
guess two of my biggest fans to my closest personal friends were up there to meet and greet me in their
offices Brian Marie and built tory there you go and we had a yuck session man that was just
unbelievable it was great my good buddies Brian Marie comes over to me he looks in both pockets in my
shirt to see if I had any BM buttons on me and I said no Brian I'm not going to give those
dear because you never know when they might come in handy and then built tory came over
supporting that stupid about time we had a yuck up that we just yucked it off they're good guys
they are you know very sensitive very thin skin but nevertheless and we talked about the pot
fan deal and why it fell through and what about your assholes they are up in Toronto and of course
I already know that and what can I say it's just a magnificent place when you see this place when
you go inside and the greatest thing of the whole deal this is the number one thing for me
you saw the fact that it's two minutes walking for my house practically the best part of the whole
deal is the toilets that's right the turlits which they're having the testing on that tomorrow did
you read about that Rick Shaw they're having a whole bunch of kids over there and they're all going
to flush at the same time now I didn't I didn't read the whole article are they actually going to be
on there and then flushing or they just do it like a little test is it just a dry run so to speak
so they're going to have like hundreds of kids and they're all going and then Ricky Tiki who
better than to be the toilet man then Ricky Tiki is going to be flipping out cap of his everybody
flush now come on there you go but at the end of every exit I mean every section there is a big
if they like alternate one section there like ladies rooms and then the next section for guys and
then there's one also that says like gone decided just got question marks on it for many of our
hockey fans who haven't decided which way they're going yet but it's great every section has got
tea rooms right there at the end it's fantastic magnificent in fact I wouldn't be surprised if they
have a tea dance the first weekend it's a brand new amacarina so you're going to be mighty impressed
I'll tell you that and even those of you who think you're up in the nose bleed or away up high
good news for it because I went way up there too no problem at all you will see everything you'll
have a panoramic view and it's not like you're a million miles away you don't you can leave the
binoculars home the difference there between the last time I was about two months ago and to be
honest with you I pretended to get excited but it looked like it did the first time I was there
back in February it looked ahead a long way to go now it is basically finito it's basically done
and it is spectacular so everybody is going to be there trust me the hockey team itself we've got
a ways to go long ways to go but the arena itself and the food stands in the selection of food the
food they tell me is magnificent because they were having a free buffet yesterday what do you think
Rimmer was doing it stuck it up the free buffet ten minutes after ten and we have a whole bunch
of videos to get away to it by the way of the adult variety where the hell did they come from
another box shows up here this is great we don't have to give anybody a plug it just comes in an
unmarked box and there's nothing like an unmarked box ten after ten at five sixty wqm if you're
feeling lucky speak them q a tail what's a phone on with Dayton Brewer while spending the remainder
of your golden years in the land of death the one thing you have to defend on is your car with
juke anew theft on the rise the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Karolarm now bring
you an old Jewish guy named ison get away from my order of the hell you baby and the air remember
when we used to post a packet carabiner we ought to get a bungaugh finish maybe the white ones
are cooler get away from my order of the hell you baby and the air what the hell is that I
object serious with you for a matter of things like that and away from my order of the hell you
baby mf and away from my order of the hell you baby mf whenever some bastard tries to steer my car
I feel safer with an old Jewish car name is get away from my order of the hell you baby mf
get your old Jewish guy named ison car alarm now and receive a free flower antenna get away get
away get away from my order of the hell you baby mf and old Jewish guy named ison car alarm now
available at all there's stories so anyway it's 10 15 and 5 60 WQ and what am I supposed to do with
these norm norma can't is here by the way great talent management associates at chieftain who just
got Alice Rantell at big job in Los Angeles for 50 bucks a week just sign what sign one of them
don't confuse us for the fact we're doing a radio show here because it's very informal just
you know stick around for some lunch or not as a case maybe great so anyway we have some
disgusting videos to give away here like I said which came in a box this morning in a big on mark box
named whatever how do you like my name for the arena by the way since big mac we just in town mac
arena is not bad in fact instead of doing the hoki pokey maybe Wayne can do the mac arena they're
an opening night let's do it way you hear that he fell on his ass yesterday or Wednesday at the
arena and they'll sat down on the seat of his choice and all of a sudden right on his back
nice going Wayne God is watching over you baby he's gonna get even with it get out of here now
nice to see you so anyway yeah here we go now I did somebody now see one thing is somebody can
explain to me okay why is it that anybody of any variety wants to see he she's I mean is that is the
is the suggestion that a he she is something for everybody is that he idea these transactuals
have got like women with you know is that what what it is chicks with
what what's exciting about that what does it turn on about but hey far be it for me to ask because
believe me no matter what we got we'll find takers out there in radio land and I certainly don't
want to be holding these up because poor fat Joe what little bit can't we be adults about this
I mean this one is called yum yum baby we have rhymes with yum so what's wrong with that
huh as in dumb which is what those people if you want to get some numbers over there you would have
this on the air tonight I'm serious you put this on a mini of not sure it's that having me talking
about stuff that happened three days before you know I'm watching the 930 show last night I don't
want to get started on the way me stuff but you talk about dumb and it makes me look dumb makes me
look like a fool because I'm sitting there talking about the home run chase and the choir even
know he's a great home run hitter and he's great for the gate he's a basically a boring guy but
and he is what the fact is that this is like a Monday show and now in the meantime Tuesday and Wednesday
he's hit the full home runs they have the 45,000 people out there and Wednesday the whole town is
like up in arms and all psychotic about this well supposedly anyway although there's no evidence
on this station of it not from our callers not from any of the callers here we just finished with
this big Mac attack in town and what are they talking about on a morning show fishing there you go
oh fishing tight lines and good fishing the people's on there are not going to try to
wondering how come the show is not always fishing there you go that's something we get saying we
can sink our teeth and do how we can get our sinkers out into we can probably drive that morning
never down to about a point three if they keep doing that fishing stuff let's get salty soft
fleshman back on the ears what I say for the guy then fishing to me for it if there's anything
more boring than golf thank you so much David he really is in his own bizarre way bizarre
but anyway and here's my check from Miami that's good I think I can get out of here now
there's anything more boring than golf it's got to be fishing in fact people who play golf and
go fishing I mean I'm not not kidding if you try going out there and you know dropping your
dropping your line or your pull or whatever you're doing trailing with the pull do my guess
but talking about there there are many things in life that are entertaining and enjoyable but nobody
wants to you're talking about like I was saying the other day you can punch your brains out it's
your money gamble your life away gamble the mortgage away gamble away the lunch money I don't
care it's a free country to a point do what do you want to do I just don't want to hear about it
it is terminal and the one thing I did see on there last night which is absolutely correct
is that if I brought in the program from Pompato Park every Thursday morning it started going down
race by race well I bet on the three buddy broken the four had nested in the
yeah we wouldn't have we wouldn't have anybody listening nobody even I wouldn't listen to it
is how god damn boring it would be but fishing I mean let's get sick fishing
so one of the names of some of these videos that we might give out today because it's the
beginning of a Labor Day holiday weekend and we want you to work on it real hard how what's wrong
with that it's Labor Day what the hell is Labor Day anymore we're supposed to honor the hard
working workers of mergers that would labor a is all about do we have any left any hard workers no
hardcore he-sheets maybe somebody can tell me what's exciting and turn on about he-sheets in fact
it'll be interesting to see if anybody takes that one if anybody grabs it and the video too
here's suckers too and I know first words not what you think it is but it does begin with a
let's give him little hints okay rhymes with dumb oh by the way I should be holding these up because
I want to make sure they all get up what what why are you waving me why are you flipping me off
in here okay you want me to tell me that you brought a bomb in this morning too huh that'll be
next scammer fat Joe brought a bomb in this morning or was it something that rhymes with bomb see he
can bring in the bomb but some are rhymes with bomb we can't show on here this one's called anal
trainer what's wrong with that some people are horse trainers some people are anal trainers some
people are anal retinue like yelda here's a good example for it here's one called the godmother
part two perfect for this show we've been godfather fans now you can show that catch is she's got
her hand come on there you go even fact Joseph we can put that on whammy she's got her hands over
okay they're very big and they're very gigantic and she's a slightly dark all kind of like
mocha not real dark the godmother part two it says making you an offer you can't refuse
boy this is great getting all these every week and a plane unmarked box and then of course we
also got the betzy the sheep or whatever her name is over here for friends and lutes and four
mires maybe the beeswigs would like to meet betzy they're here oh they already have
yeah bet you they have maybe that's why they dress like that what ones that see I have to be
this is called anal company and anal I'm not too sure about this jazz well it looks like jazz
only one latest bit one later has been changed to uh or it's got to take the innocent
well there's no such really word as that as it is anyway so we can say that on here but no such word
plaster by face with rhymes with dumb uh and that you know I gotta be honest with you okay I've
seen everything but that's the cover that is so we're gonna have that on maybe night right come on
are we gonna have that on yeah come on yeah if we could promote this for like next Monday or
Tuesday we have a 90's year on a damn show get some people watching that stupid thing oh I'm
sorry I just touched the betzy's uh rectum my accident of course oh god here's uh junkies also
discussed in cover I mean really gruesome and grotesque these are these are probably the most
whoever sent us these must have been in a really erotic mood at the time that it did it here's
wide bust here's five get that get a good shot of that come on Joe it's just probably a snack time
of course for Joe it's always snack time call her me white there you go kind of lighten up your
compression a little bit and what be the other one uh young and fresh oh and this this is the
definitive one for our audience here you go my first anal and of course this is like one of those
cartoon like I was saying the other day that people don't say certain things that only like
boohoo and this is e-yow is what it is my first anal e-yow as in oh right whoa don't do it again or
maybe do it again whatever no thank you so there you go we got a whole bunch of crap to give away
an honor of labor day today for our finalisting audience out there and I guarantee I promise
oh geez since Barry Diller owns that damn thing that whammy thing I wouldn't be surprised if we
have these on a year on that show in spite of what fat Joe was saying that pushing the other room okay
take a look at the size of those have anybody in the world believe that those are for real can any
now that's gonna be out because they're not for real no seriously wouldn't that be a good
barometer if they're not real flesh they can't be sexual and the commission can't get all that
out of shape about because they're definitely not for real although I wonder if these are for real
well anyway we'll find out we have an open line of day one and proud our whole question today is
they're a bigger Yahoo in the history of the human race than Terry Bowden no did we ever get the game
on my side by the way we did not yeah I'm I get in the car to go to the store to go to public
for like a couple of quick things and it's look at the clock it's a quarter day and here I am
yesterday promoting 715 we got Virginia Auburn which nobody cares because it was on TV anyway
what Joe no further I know something yeah I am apparently there was a problem with a transmitter
or receiver rather we don't have it oh no but we had ESPN radio almost into those high
in his life and I never get any ESPN radio what I'm going to store and I'm thinking how come
to damn game is it not how come to God damn football game is none that we've been promoting all
because somebody screwed up real bad really really pull it out just can't do these basic
elementary things so get back home and I actually did turn it on because there was little baseball
online last night and there's nothing else to watch on that damn thing and so I turned that
ball game on you talk see those people think that football so exciting here's another example if
there's I have no idea what the final score was I don't want to know the final score that was a
snoozer in fact maybe even the ESPN radio was more exciting than if you had listened to Virginia
Auburn two teams that have no offense none but the one thing that I love watching this and Terry
Bowden who is the son of God of course Bobby Bowden from FSU sorry all you seminal fan Bobby
Bowden good old boy good old boy and ever still afraid train Terry Bowden is if he isn't from
entry if he isn't if he didn't like float up the Kahulawasi River in his youth I mean this man
I have never seen such a if you look up the word mugwump in the dictionary there is Terry Bowden
you know just one finger in his nose and one in his recto I mean this guy's unbelievable a real
Yahoo if you look up Yahoo on your website there's Terry Bowden's thing pops up in his picture too
so that's our poll question is there a bigger a more definitive Yahoo in the world we said maybe
one of the beastlies then uh Terry Bowden good God almighty yeah you're all hot gonna
chill football you ready for the excitement of football I got this worth that was the
excitement of God damn football if I never see a pig skin again it'll be too soon that was coma
inducing 1026 at 560 WQM why not wake up with some great lunch today to your 560 QA
yeah 1030 and QM you just told me something that caused me to just change my whole approach to life
that is so grotesque we're getting calls from people I keep in mind yesterday since it I mean
it's the holiday weekend okay after we get to Monday maybe hopefully then it'll be like life
back to usual in the sky for a second place maybe everybody on the station everybody in town is
praying but in the meantime so yesterday we gave away eight parochic it's the CD almond brothers
for all you drug use out there who want to go to the crow's sky amphitheater on Wednesday and get
the pneumonia the pneumonia palace up there in Palm Beach that was yesterday now Georgia one
of the things you can knock many things about Georgia if you want to make some stuff up okay
they're milleted little spikies there's whatever but the fact is that when it comes to getting stuff
out in the mail people like before the show is over some days they want to pay if that knock at
the door here's your good stuff we just gave you that you won just for calling in and stuck it around
people are calling in this morning wanting to know where the goddamn almond brother tickets are
that we just mailed out yesterday they're in the mail yesterday you'll get them today or tomorrow
or maybe like Tuesday okay and it comes to its Wednesday I mean I don't think you have to like
fondle them for several days before you have confidence that you can go out there on Wednesday night
maybe we'll send you the black sheep okay you can follow her it's Betsy the black sheep good
god almighty I mean it's one thing that we got so many free loaders in this time but shameless
free loaders okay give me whatever you got what are you giving me I'll take it out and where the hell is
why isn't over here yet how come we don't have a guy named career at the door not gonna
have a guy named or give me the stuff I'll tell you what let's send me I got a great idea let's
send the videos out to people by career and see if and no no package no wrapping and see if they
actually show up or not huh do you think that any one of these would show up at your house no
because the curries in fact the curries probably would show up to work for a couple of days right no
you bet you your sweet ass yeah that's right we'll get them personally delivered right to your
door by some young guy well just may on the way get lost on the way especially if he encounters
this hardcore he-sheets I'm sorry but I think you're right this one this this one thing that's
hanging down like a hang nail but a little bit bigger that cannot be for real come on let's
stand on whammy come on Joe what is wrong with you it's not for real it's like uh oh that's
right these are for real I forgot yeah those are definitely for real but she has got something dangling
that is that is do I dare say this well I mean why not but it doesn't look you said
George said it looks like it's like tied on or paste their glued on or something
it looks like it's coming through from the inside you know what I'm saying
like maybe somebody got lost in there and it's coming through from the inside
oh you'd have to see it come on we got to get it on the year on the TV show
haven't come on how are they gonna know what I'm talking about it definitely looks like
there's somebody in there come on and not got in the door let's see if anybody responds hello in
there oh god that is unbelievable too much even for an old proverb like me that's just more than
I can handle or care to trust me okay we have an open line and date five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line and let me just tell you right now by the way I'm
not just gonna give these uh first of all you got to be over 50 to get these all right if you're
under the age of a hundred there's no chance because we want to make damn sure we don't send these
out to no minors okay of course the kids are all in school anyway that's why we waited
that's why we waited till the kids all went back to school because we don't want no little 16 and
17 year olds see me nasty nasty as you people would call them dirty videos as if they haven't seen
them already right over and over again and probably got a better collection than most of you
oh that's terrible and disgusting yet how come you're watching well that's a different story
here's Miami hello our first call today and there's a long pause
who's open to go what is it not a call Miami yeah uh no yes aren't you kind of that cops already
yeah yeah and I'm tired of having him on that show and we better give us that out of there they
have him on again last night why didn't see the 1030 show I'm sick entire of that cops part of his
way in on this show but they yet to where me people are I say put his ass on the show I mean we're
only getting like one in two shares with me we've been trying to out desperately everything out
of the side stand on my head I put the smartness on I say put down cops on here he's got the great
TV reputation from that Mark Jacobson show you everybody beg for them to take off the year and they
finally did two open lines and day five six seven oh five sixty pop five sixty on 18T line
north mindy beach all Neil before God yes I'm looking for my atheist woman Neil yeah I need that
atheist right this thing she doesn't have you know what you call this yesterday right
the end of the show and now you're calling it again today how do you like that I was actually
going to toll for that guy and I'm not going to do it because he's pushing too hard just like
the seed you're pushing too hard this is pathetic this is unbelievable this guy was the last call
at the end of the show I remember very well sir you're not determined to religion I'm going to
step believe it and do you know cut the crap man oh man of shabits we have an open line
and they tell I'm not giving these away I'm sticking it back in the box I'm going to give
him over to Josh Freeman and and Robert Greeper oh my you know you don't need him that show what
is wrong with you you don't need him you're getting plenty action over there he's got his bong and his
gong give him away on Monday that other thing for true why you will not give more on Monday in
other words you're you're going to do one show where you're like auditioning for the future of
life and you're going to suck calls out of these people it's a holiday you'll get plenty of calls
you're uh guarantee you anytime somebody we could put a mouse on it we could put a church
mouse on here oh yeah you know we're so tired of that Neil but you're a breath of fresh
here you'll get all of that believe you me or you'll get to you hey you're an asshole yeah
what doesn't make any difference trust me I guarantee you don't go buying the audience learn
from me you should learn from all these years don't go buying calls and try to buy the audience
with a bunch of erotic giveaways what I ever do something like that I'm discussing
protest totally inappropriate especially on this they can when they're so desperate in the
morning they're talking about fishing fishing and then they're sitting there for the entire
time talking about how they show stuff and they were right at least honestly is starting to see
you know that show a little bit let's talk fishing okay you know what crimes live on sorry
oh don't take it personally unless you're in hell and go here's a hell and deal hello
Neil yes sir that guy's pushing too hard just like to cover on that video how do you like that
this guy calls me yesterday at the end of the show which you know it wasn't all interesting
to begin with he's looking for a black atheist bitch out there I said okay we'll troll for
that tomorrow cause me back again this morning the last one I think these people want to take
up we'll get your own guy damn show sir go get your own shelf and go trolling from some atheist
disgusting bitch what is it he thought he had it on show what he was a black magic woman
who doesn't I don't I saw something on not well okay something on TV last night it was
absolutely the most disgusting thing that I've ever seen at home when if you didn't see it I'm
sure some of your audience there wasn't more disgusting than hardcore heat she's I'll tell you that
well the man definitely somebody inside but anyway it was called you know
will this show gonna be on by the way I have to be this in oh yeah I think if they got any
both they really want to get on the mat they ought to put this on the 130 show in the morning one
of these nights one thirty after midnight they missed a good on here this this show was on Fox
I think it was Fox last night it was called the wing cars attack yeah and the premise of the show
and it was not a part the premise of the show was cars they get angry at their owners and run
them over and cause accidents and do all kinds of crazy things all by themselves you know their
feelings have been hurt my phone was that movie would be the car that's no no Neil this was
it went up on hour it was an hour of video clips but I just saw that again I think that John
Stockwell was in I every time John Stockwell's on my screen the a few clicker stops yes
what it was except it was real yeah and they've got a guy on there he was talking about well
you know I think that's car had been abused in the shop and look what it did to a soldier and you
see that the cars with aliens that they had on Fox 2 see Fox got into the whole
separate world here are fantasies they got a car driving yeah believe me yeah he's
leaving the police on a chase for 45 minutes in a car and they're telling us that they the
car had no driver in it 45 minutes and now the language all of the college slots thank you
sir for the good news okay we have an open line in day 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless
it's 21 before 11 at this schedule for Pompadot Park raised my friend Carol how's my good friend
Pat doing over there by the way how's my good close friend Pat at Pompadot Park what do you need
three four huh I'm stealing well K Pat I'm stealing it I'm a creptomaniac so anyway here's
a September schedule what's it at today today September the four last time I checked we got
Simon casting look at this from Duque coin and freeholder one o'clock great harness racing we got
Daniel highlights at 15 tonight garden state day in the santa don't so we got what a bud light
long neck please I want a bud light long neck please you could play from but hey the bud light
long neck you could play you could play what would say the bud light long neck so good black your
hero and bad light long neck for favor okay okay I just want a bad light long neck for
the board if you feel I know bad light long neck better yeah yeah I do I do I do I want to try
this long neck yeah I choose bad light long neck yeah I go stuff yeah bad light
exhaust uh uh a long neck chain day well keeping bad light long neck what do you think I
find bad light long neck stupid light would laugh lady no why make it so sad like in high school first
it's the worst we can't wait yeah um it's the fourth and with a three game set I can see
expose tonight joy and joy and today for Brian and John shopping for the action starting with
Marlon Zonzeca 630 on your sports radio 560 2a end it is so hard you from Dutch bastards
in conjunction with the good folks who put the play in play jex it's swisher Cree
when the woman is looking for more than a gotten court to love her gushing gas you get the
last touch and the white tape to blend into the line
so close pick one up and throw it come out with a drop of mix for pleasure without mornings
the garbage and that's for the light stuff and the right place, right? the light stuff and the right place
to blend into the line the white恰 should pick one up and throw it come out and enjoy
it swish her queen's her round and fully back to the woman to convince her friends to give
You get the light fresh and the light too.
That's the end of the line.
I'll watch.
You pick one up.
OK.
It'll make a s***.
OK, 10.45 at 5.60 WQM.
So poor David now, David Suarez has got to get all this masking tape.
This is sad.
This is what America's all about.
Repressed and constipated that we have to put masking tape over these boxes.
These are even like living and breathing.
These are just pictures as all they are.
And catchers.
Oh, they're just pictures on boxes.
OK, with video tapes inside.
And we've got to cover these up.
And there's going to be like tons and tons of tape on these.
So if you get your tapes in a mail, by the way, if we do wind up giving any of these away
today, and it's got all kinds of mong on it, don't blame me.
All right.
This is Call Up Very Diller at the USA and blame his ass.
What is it?
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Are you aware that there's a fishing show on Weekly Air?
No.
No.
On Saturday morning, at 8am on 790, there's a port of sports from Fish and Show Live.
That's perfect.
Because Rineries and you're talking about fishing and that kind of stuff, so it's perfect
on his station.
It allows you with a fish here.
You know, it's a lot of water.
Nothing wrong with fishing, but who wants to, what is there to talk about?
Well, especially on a radio show.
I mean, I know there are TV shows on fishing, which to me are boring too.
But nevertheless, at least there's something to see.
You know, when you catch the big one or whatever it is.
But on a radio, what is there?
It's like that cigar show.
So, knowledge from somebody that knows something a little more than you do.
Like what?
Well, you want to be flipping one of your worms when you're supposed to be twitching his
arseboot, you know?
Yeah, that's true.
There's techniques for different areas.
I have a lot of that.
We got fresh water and saltwater different areas.
And you also show how to tie your fly.
Sure.
And your buzzbait?
Uh-huh.
And drag your rattleshype.
Good point.
And anyway, checking that out tomorrow.
Saturday.
Yes, sir.
Saturday morning, I hear more.
Is it tomorrow or Saturday?
Last time I checked?
Anyway, speaking of fish, and that kind of smell and stuff.
Yeah.
Can I stuck around for a video?
Yeah.
Anyone in particular, sir?
Something very head-row.
So, they're all very head-row, sir.
Believe me what I tell you.
How about anal trainer?
Negative.
It's got, but it's got, okay.
How about, uh, you're like this one, believe me?
I can't tell you the name.
Hold on.
Okay.
Give him this one.
It's called junkies.
What are you doing in the black sheep?
Oh, George is always putting it on the wall.
He's mounting it.
I mean, on the wall.
Oh, my God.
You better get this.
Yo, George is mounting Betsy.
What did you do with it?
Oh, that's bad.
Why didn't you take her off of here now?
Was it interfering with a, see this whammy thing, man?
Our whole life is surrounded.
Well, there were like six people watching their thing.
Now, actually, everywhere I go, this is the amazing part of it.
I know you don't believe me.
Everywhere I go, everybody, in fact, I was in public last night for 15 minutes.
There were 7,000 people lined up.
They're all claimed to watch in the show.
So, you've got damn Nielsen people.
We know it's a communist conspiracy.
We know you're paid off.
We know that Wayne probably got his fine thing, right?
Too bad he found his record.
And that's here in the arena the other day.
Nice going, Wayne.
Where we going?
North Miami Beach.
Hello.
North Miami Beach.
A year.
Yes.
Are you starting Wayne, sir?
I'm trying to finger it out.
But I'm only in a train to Darlington, as we're getting to see Jeff Gordon and his
last car, Betty.
Yeah.
So, I thought you might bump buddies, yeah?
Yeah, well, it's time that the first ring don't have a clue about hockey.
So, I heard you mentioned Popman earlier.
Can you elaborate on that deal earlier?
And can I scratch up for an anal video?
Can I elaborate on the deal?
I mean, there is no deal.
They thought they had the deal done, which is not the first time they thought they had
a deal done.
And all of a sudden, guess what?
It wasn't done.
And then all of a sudden, Mike Smith and the people in Toronto say, well, you know,
can we have him come up here and have our own doctors examine him and Yada Yid, all
of a sudden, crap.
And they said, no way, because it opens up too many allupals, and we're not going to
do that.
And so they said, well, sorry, we don't want to do it.
Maybe we should trade the East Potman for a bit.
Yeah, sounds good to me.
Oh, I thought I fucked up.
What do you want to tell?
What do you want?
Just spit it out.
You got to shut up and aim it.
Okay, you got to hold on.
He's sucking up for an anal trainer.
Okay.
Yeah, these are going to go fast because we've got to give these all way by noon.
Oh, beautiful job.
That's lovely.
Are you sure this is going to peel right off?
Now what is that?
In other words, you can put that.
That's okay.
On a TV thing, by sure we had the radio people.
That's okay.
Even Pat Joseph's.
Yeah, that's okay.
Because these aren't for real anyway.
She's got the Zoom.
There's the size of the state of West Virginia.
And the same.
You can't show the nipple.
Isn't that.
You can't show the nipple.
Isn't that pathetic?
How you hit that Joe's fat and make an ass on there a few weeks ago.
That was okay.
If there's anything more pornographic than fat Joe's naked ass, I've never seen it in
my life and thank God for that.
But a little nipple, everybody's got a nipple.
How come you shouldn't even your auntens we got nipples?
Yes, we we sure do.
We got guys nipples.
Oh, that's different.
So in other words, now you tell me that there's a difference between a guy's nipple.
Oh, here's a great topic for you Monday, George, which you also know nothing about.
There's a difference between a guy's nipple and a woman's nipple.
Well, this is really very interesting.
And of course all these very, very terminally straight guys are going to say, well, a woman's
nipple is an erotic, it's an erogenous zone.
Yeah.
Like yours isn't.
A man's nipple is gross.
A woman is the thing of beauty.
That's the difference.
A man's nipple is gross and hairy.
No, no, it's not.
No, it is not.
No, it is not.
No, it is not.
Absolutely incorrect.
Again, another example of you showing your ass to the world, what little you know about
anything.
Mr. Sex expert in there will share all of his brilliance with you on Monday from 10 to
10.
5.
And then we'll find something else to talk about that he might know something about.
Yeah, men's nipples are hairy.
How about that?
Wrong.
And this guy, no, my nipples are not hairy.
And I'm not showing no nipple.
Let me just say, oh yeah, they may be.
Well, I hear he holds you.
What do you want for me?
But no, let me ask you.
You've seen tens.
Would you say that DT's nipples are hairy?
No, no.
Of course, it's hard to tell because when you stand sideways.
What?
Don't tell it to you.
I don't know.
I'm not talking.
I don't want nothing to do with guys who shave.
Okay, their body here.
Oh, geez.
That is the most.
Only only screaming queens do that anyway.
Okay?
Only flamers do that.
I'll leave the flamers for somebody else.
For my Josh Freeman.
Well, he wants a straight video.
Well, maybe he wants to learn something.
But isn't that something this business about?
And that we're sure we can show these big, big wisdom.
This is long, we don't show the nipples on here.
Isn't that wonderful?
You people up there at the FUCC, man.
You people need some very, very serious assistance, okay?
And we can certainly show Godmother because she, like I said, oh, oh, geez.
Send the ones away, okay?
They just brought my luncheon at a fat show, just showed the nipple.
He just pulled up a certain show, big nipple, with disgusting, oozing fat and cellulite all
around it.
Oh, don't do it again.
I'm going to tell you I'm going to vomit.
I'm going to lie off.
Oh, geez.
Jesus.
Man, oh man.
And you know, that girlfriend is.
This seems very nice, a little pudgy, but very nice.
Is she like blind?
Is she like, got some kind of a problem between her ears or something?
I mean, how and God's thing could anything alive touch that?
How could anything come close to that?
Like even being in the same vicinity with no clothe without lots of clothing on.
Oh, they do what clothing are, well, I feel better.
God, here's Miami.
Hello.
No, great.
Thank you, Frank.
He's back again.
Nice going.
Who that sounds like?
That sounds like Ron.
We have an open line.
It does.
How about some pros, that Ron?
Come on.
Oh, come on.
Let me give it to him.
No.
Open line.
Indeed.
5.6705.60.
5.560 on the 18p wireless line.
Come on.
Send us a more pros, that can email, Ron, he doing any good for you.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You want to look on the internet.
New York Daily News.
They have an article about an old time caller.
You're Jackie Lee.
Yeah.
Who's trial is thought and Tuesday?
For what?
Or a spending pornography, animal park, threatening letters to a trainer that he's had a running
with a three-hole for the last couple of years.
Really?
Yeah, he was a Bill Finley's column in the Daily News today.
Well, I sure wish somebody would fix me that if they got it.
I can't pull it up for you, but it was read to me.
I mean, he did George Anthony with the long-time trainer up there.
I guess Jackie Lee was a business partner with his for a couple of years, and then they got
a run and then they caught him spending pornography for the mail.
Well, sort the stuff.
So it looks like Jack has been spending some time with her, they fill it on a richy-woagy
column.
Really?
Yep.
Clial starts on Tuesday.
Thanks for the good news.
They care.
Thanks.
I guess we won't be here from Jackie Lee anymore.
Great.
Yeah, he's just one of those guys who just heart-ass.
That's the whole deal with him.
Doesn't surprise me in Leispert.
Heart-ass.
Where we going to, what is it?
North, what is, what is that?
M-O-B.
What is that?
Michigan owned in bread?
Is it like a horse thing?
What does that mean?
Michael.
It means my horse.
I'm aware.
Okay, let's go to somewhere.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
What a lot of deal.
Well, it says M-O-B.
There's a mob student for a lot of it.
They'll show you fit right in.
I just got a postcard in the mail.
I'll show you how part of the Nielsen family.
Yeah.
What do I do?
What do you mean?
What do you do?
You got to call me in a day and call me what I should, part of the survey.
Yeah.
So I get to know what?
That I'm going to be part of the Nielsen family.
So they're going to hook you up with a meter?
They're going to hook me up with a meter?
Oh, sure.
If you say yes, if you say you want to be a part of the family, there's
going to come a meter right up to your TV.
Oh, why not?
Why not?
Yeah.
I just like to say a special thanks.
I know what we not Canadians are all a lot.
Yes, we do.
I just want to say those people from Nova Scotia aren't part of Canada.
They get a hell of a job up there.
No, but those are English speaking people.
We only knocked the front.
OK.
Special thanks.
Let's go out to those people.
And then they also say Swiss air deserves a lot of credit, too, for getting right in there
and getting their people right in and notifying the families.
As opposed to TWA and the whole industry out there, they did and jerked everybody around
when they hit that crash.
Yeah, I know.
I really have thought of them.
I really appreciate it.
I think they did a great job.
Yeah, I'm with the airlines.
I really don't think so.
Yes, sir.
OK.
I don't know what they are.
OK, we'll need your help.
Get that meter in there, sir.
OK, I'll get it in.
God bless you.
Thank you.
We love him.
How do you like that?
Now we got some hope there.
I mean, we got a Neilton guy.
I don't know.
That's what we need.
We need to fix it.
I've put it in a long time ago.
Need to get those.
I need to find it like I've about 20 sets in the house.
It's a 10.56.
A second amount went and down.
I don't want to see any more flesh from in there.
The only flesh is going to be on pictures from in here.
OK, here's one for you.
You can do a job on that one, boy.
That will be a tremendous.
Huh?
If you can cover how he's going to have to use a lot of paper
about two rolls on that, baby.
But David seems to be the hands of experience there.
He knows where to stick it.
It's for you.
You a hell.
The Neil Roger showdown.
Yeah, baby.
5.60 WQM hand-gover.
We're here with two.
We got the Marlins again.
And does anybody care about that picture?
Is it in the shows?
Is it in the shows?
Does anybody care?
No, I knew you wouldn't.
So anyway, I'm sure I'm interested in finding out about how
come that vulgarment and get on life's life that we promoted.
The hell out of all day long, we had those promos running on tape.
We're promoting it live.
We got Virginia Auburn.
It's your football set.
We got ESPN radio on here.
Oh my God.
By the way, lunch today.
Everybody get lunch.
Not that I read it here because I got mine.
I got my cool cuts.
Look at his back.
I got a little bit of a couple of peppered cheeses.
That's about it.
Thank you guys.
Let's do it.
What is that again?
The mob in Miami.
Okay, let's go to the mob in Miami.
Joseph said he did that.
He said, I'm going to go to the mob in Miami.
He said, you're the mob in Miami.
Okay, so you better look around to where you are.
Mr.
He's so right.
He knows you, maybe he's going one of these.
I don't know.
Joseph Stella is a part of the mob.
Emil, you're wondering if we can afford to work in this joint.
Emil, are you all right?
I'm fine.
Why?
Because they come back when you start to venting like that.
I mean, hope for over 20, 30 minutes.
Pension about what?
I turned on the radio like half-hour ago.
And you should know better than to expect more from North
from Florida.
I mean, they're an animal that's like a looming object.
You mean the people that are free means who want to know?
Yeah, it's a ticket.
I mean, keep in mind, it wasn't even 10, 30 in the morning yet.
The next day after we gave them away, and already these people got the hopes of it.
I could understand if the concert was tomorrow night.
It's next Wednesday.
It's the night.
Okay?
They are a big deal here.
They're a real ten.
They want to express delivery.
They want somebody knocking on their door with it.
And this cheap ass outfit is going to pay to have a career.
They'll deliver something free that you want for nothing.
And I'll bet you they're not even going to call you and thank you.
Thank you.
That's close to what I was saying.
Look at all the tickets.
I heard somebody call one of the shows and maybe it was Hangshul yesterday.
And thank the station for talking about going out into Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and winning tickets.
It seemed big, Mac, and that day.
Look at all the tickets that we gave away for the Marlins Cardinal Series.
And have I had anybody call here?
I mean, I think maybe we had one.
But all the other people that we gave away thinking so that it could go out and be a part of history
and be a part of that great stuff that I've enough.
They don't call back and say thank you.
They're thankless.
And I think it's the most wonderful, ungrateful free voting package.
It was one more similar.
Yeah.
Right.
And I figure in 20-something years, you can only have 23, 24 years.
100 years, right.
Right.
I mean, have you ever seen anything different?
No.
Every year after year.
No.
But it doesn't have to matter if it gets worse.
Right.
And the thing you do.
You don't want to know why?
Why?
Because it goes with a territory.
Being a free-roader down here is like, it's actually like a form of life.
It's like something to do.
Well, that's the thing.
You know, your if-floor and the thing is, if you ever let go out of your job or your
lose your house or whatever, board is the place you want to be.
Because you can always live on the street like half the port even still.
So, you know, I mean, this is a place where you're going to have a lot of shluckers and a lot of fuckers.
And thinking of fucking around.
Yeah, what do you want?
What do you want?
Which one sounded in preview?
Anyone in particular?
I like, I like, I like, I like, I don't even like that.
You have anything like that?
I don't even have anything like that.
I don't even have anything like that.
I don't even have anything like that.
I don't even have anything like that.
I don't even have anything like that.
You want anything like that?
I don't even have anything like that.
Well, here's one that's got to have a lesbian team in it.
But this is a cute young babe, Eager, my first anal EO, young and fresh.
Yeah, this is got all kind of, this has got some that you can't even figure out what they are yet.
Okay.
Okay, hang on pal.
That's right.
That's right.
Okay, he's on the sixth, he's on the mob line.
Jokas does take care of the mob lines.
Here's our gold steam in here today, which we had a microphone so after talk, but we don't.
Can you believe what kind of a radio thing they're going to do?
Just thing by the way, because the TV people are figuring out what you are.
I am so worried about you.
Every time I see you get bigger and bigger, there are states in the United States that are on this big, is our gold thing.
What does it say on the end?
It says, Al Goldstein, how homosexuals can open doors, probably from the rear as in breakfast, what he's talking about.
So, see, you're way behind the times, you're supposed to be like George.
You think you're a sex expert, and the meantime we found out that more heterosexuals are in anal sex than homosexuals.
So, of course to show you, you know, little.
Oh, here he is with my keys again.
Now, look at that.
It's got like a little pink bow on it too.
Don't hit this camera. I'm telling you, those whammy people, you'll be the whammy.
Yeah.
The ultimate guide to anal sex for women by, what is this from the Clinton family? Who's this from?
What are you showing me here by Tristan Taramino?
Oh, to read and learn. I don't mind interested in anal sex. That's up your rally, okay?
Please, be my guest. You can probably take a big, be sure and get him, okay?
Because he's a big hambo. He wants to be on air.
You know something, if the whammy people were smart, which they're not, but if they were smart, they'd hit his ass on here.
He's got more money than God. He'd go on air for free.
He'd go, he'd pay you people. He's got such a massive ego.
This man is the only guy in the world that's got a body of the size of Montana and the ego that's still bigger than that.
Get out, I'll please.
It wasn't bad enough I had to have what's his name in here hugging me, the Don Cox.
Now I got out goldstein touching me in the middle of my lungs.
Look at that, look at that.
Get out of here.
And you know, it's the sad part of it is he's serious.
The first human contact he said in months.
Oh, that's good. I'm glad it was good for you.
Okay, it's all over.
Here you go. Here you go. Here's the towel. Go have a good time.
Oh my God.
Okay, now let me ask you before you leave.
Enjoy the place. This is like a joke. It's like a standing joke.
The tape says the anchor. Yeah, the anchor. I know all about the anchor.
What is your scrolling?
You're going to hit this microphone. He's like Don Concier the other day.
Can you control it? How can I ask you how do you breathe seriously?
No, no, no, seriously. How do you breathe? Your face is all red.
You're like all you did was bend down and hug the chair for like 10 seconds.
And you stood here and like your face is all flush.
You look like you're ready for a heart attack.
What sizes those two shirts you have that you're wearing sewn together?
Jesus.
He's wearing a bag pack, a fanny pack, the size of Vermont.
Yeah, but somewhere in there.
Okay, thanks, Al. Stay good and you're in twisted.
Look at how it's that.
What up? She pizza dredged. Sit and only was Jewish.
Look at that. My little thing just fell on.
Okay, there's Al Goldstein yesterday with Don Concier two days ago disrupting the show.
Today we got Al Goldstein.
Just unbelievable. It's like a circus. It's like a zoo in here.
Are we doing a show anymore? No. Not this week. It's Labor Day. It's a holiday.
Relax.
But David is still prant. We over here taping up the private toe.
Here you go. Now here you go, Joe.
We can get this on there. Yeah, we got like little or piece of tape on this.
Because we got to satisfy the FUCC and Washington DC.
We don't want to put no dirty body parts on the television.
Especially on Wami because there's getting them tonight.
Already that's the last goddamn thing we need is a bunch of pornography on it.
Because some little tiny kids out there might want to watch it and see that there's such a thing as a human body part.
God forbid.
It's 11 a.m. away to take you.
I'm sick.
W2M. I don't have a guest mic in this cheap past outfit.
So we could have put out on the air for a couple of minutes.
And he was busy wrestling with a thing down around the floor.
We have to be the sheep. We do.
Yeah. It's going to come to the cabin.
It's going to come to the cabin behind us there. The guest mic.
Nice going, guys.
Easily meaning for you.
We're going to build your state of the art studio.
We're going to spare an hour expense. We want the new RGA, your full of craft.
Okay. Red, go get your just bonus. Good out of here.
So anyway, there's this one David Suarez who worked feverishly in here to put them asking tape.
So we can make these suitable for TV on the whammy show.
And did a bird. Look at that. Beautiful job covering all the right spots and holes and parts.
And just to make sure that we don't displease our friends up there in Washington DC and give them upset and men out of shape.
But on this one, I would have to question.
I mean, he blocked out the body part.
But what said on that very attractive young lady's post? A face. What is that?
And of course, I figured out it's where she's probably. How she knows she's exactly what is it's your conclusion?
And that was that. That's what he's done.
Oh, why is Joe walking around with the vast lane in the sand?
Oh, he must have seen a sheep in here today. Nice going. Joe, he must be psychic. He must be talking to show Griffin.
I heard the shows were coming in for the games this weekend.
Where we going to for a lot of day. Hello?
Hey, yes, sir. What's up, Leo?
Hey, don't. Hey, pretty good. Hey, Leo, my lady just broke up with her girlfriend.
And I could go for an anal trinninger.
You and your old lady broke up with her girlfriend?
Yeah, but our girlfriend. Yeah.
What does that mean?
That means, we're not a welcome in the house anymore.
You're a slow skin a little too much. You know what I mean?
Yeah, and I'm probably swimming a little bit too.
I'm so.
Dude, it's good.
Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Well, I tell you that we're talking about fishing on a morning show this morning.
I guess it kind of slits a soft over.
Yeah, that's with my Zara spooker or whatever that character was talking about.
That old red net.
You think I'm a guy?
Zara spook, yeah.
Oh, yeah. That's what you're going to be.
Okay, hang on, pal. Give him this one. It sounds like you're like that.
Yeah. A lot of it.
Hey, listen, you'll get whatever I give you. Okay? And you'll like it too.
And then you can call up your down one day. He said,
How come you sent me that piece of crap?
But when you thought we were getting okay, you'll think whatever we give you.
I sure wish I knew where these came from, boy.
Look at that. They're only like 999 of these.
Dude, they got the stickers on it with the prizes.
Pretty damn cheap, if you ask me, a hell of a bargain.
But we just get a plain ground box every week and they can send you these to us.
And we're delighted to provide the public with a little bit of entertainment and amusement out there.
And this otherwise extraordinarily dull and boring place.
I mean, is it any context?
Are they more excited and worked up about these than they were than Mark McGuire?
You bet you're sweet.
That they don't give a crap about the big Mac.
How's that Mac Arena coming by the way?
I love that. I think that was one of my strobe subgenius, the Mac Arena.
And after Big Mac, here's Kendall. Hello.
Hey, welcome, young.
Yes, sir.
No, that's the first humanist's wife.
I didn't know if you made any comments about Senator Lieberman and Mary.
We also were talking about yesterday.
No, I did not. I saw Senator Lieberman live as a matter of fact.
I was sitting on the channels and there he was.
And I thought, what an asshole is what I thought.
I like it too.
Whoa, you know, but...
But what?
I'm in...
What's the...
Terry and the other guy, the cleaning, the chaps of New York,
that we need to get everything better, better...
Fun him.
Yeah, so we don't have to be wanting him in.
Let me get up to two.
Something with...
That's over for 20, though.
Yeah.
So that's the...
That's in...
It's over.
But let me ask you this.
How come...
How come they don't wait?
I mean, in the one hand, you say, well, we don't want to act prematurely.
And we have to wait till they send up the report and then the White House responds with...
So why didn't they just shut up until they get the report?
Why did he feel compelled to be standing there for...
Wow.
Constraving for the TV audience, and he's standing in the empty chamber.
Why did he feel compelled to do that?
Unless he's covering his own hands.
So we're understanding that for those watching...
I can't stand getting to where I was watching MSNBCL.
Oh, God.
But you were talking to somebody that went to find the dying friends.
Uh-huh.
And they said they had to do everything they wanted to restrain her from getting on the phone.
How in the middle of the program they had to pay and throw in the reason.
Yeah.
So they put the... they put the credit card in.
And they were shooting your wife around over and over again.
And then they were like, well, I'm sorry. Like about 10 months later.
It just doesn't have the desired impact, I don't think.
It's too late.
It's probably...
It's probably too late.
There you go.
Okay, okay.
I'll go there.
I'll go there.
I'll go there.
I'll go there.
You should have video.
For which one?
For anything with any children.
Who'd you... how about the Godmother Part 2?
Sure.
Okay.
She's a memorial mother.
Okay.
Line the one.
Give me the guy.
Oh, Joe's right on top of that one.
Yeah, give me the mob mother.
Oh, jeez, the Godfather.
Just right on the rectum.
Right on the day.
Just like Wayne, if you're reading, I would...
I would give an anything you'll be near a Wednesday.
Oh, Wayne's here.
Look at that.
Look down there.
Wayne's gonna check out one of the chairs.
Oops, sorry.
Sorry.
Just fell on his big template rectum.
What do you guys...
Anne has got his bed of a compression as his pulse.
You think so?
Wouldn't that be something?
Praderass.
It's 1119 on 56.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Good.
I know you're not so much more than other applied compaques.
But, you know, the way you buy that.
Well, you probably have to be closer than you probably
have to score, too.
And I was just wondering if you heard what's going on
with the truck's pre-well.
You know that he has been repiling the suit.
Yeah, he has the nerve now to want to sue the NBA for...
He's an asshole.
He's an asshole.
Yeah.
He has an apple.
I mean, you know, they had about 100 witnesses that
saw him, you know, wrapped his hand around.
Oh, they have witnesses?
They have it on tape.
Are you kidding me?
I'm pretty sure.
I didn't know that much.
Yeah.
Well, it's like absolutely ridiculous.
I mean, he's claiming that it's racism.
And it's absolutely ridiculous because usually the one being the racist.
In fact, I'm almost positive.
I mean, maybe not the whole episode, but I've seen at least parts of that on tape.
I'm almost sure I've seen it.
Wow.
But if the Marvelous had gone like it happened in a...
Sure, they got lots of witnesses.
It happened that it's a practice with a bunch of people.
It's unbelievable.
You know, National TV, the approach, Carlos, some or whatever his name is.
Right.
And then he turns around and he wants to sue the league.
He's an asshole.
He feels that he's not making enough money.
Yeah.
Not even playing basketball.
Now he's the only one in my life for hockey and not too much more.
Because it's all a bunch of crap.
It's gotten to be ridiculous.
Yeah.
And you're overpaid assholes.
What do you want, sir?
Can I get on those videos?
Okay.
Next one on top of the pile, young, young, baby.
Lines with dumb.
Hold on.
Okay.
Okay.
Let's do what these guys got.
Why went it down?
And of course, maybe we'll let them take PLB of stuff off.
Okay?
I don't think so.
Maybe David will let the PLB back off after you stuck it on.
What does that mean?
What does that mean, Joe?
He keeps putting mob on there.
Mob in some rise.
What does that mean?
The mob is all over the goddamn place.
I just don't understand what this is all about.
Joe Costell is in there.
What do you mean?
Mob or you today is obsessed.
I think there's a message in there.
Oh, I know what it is.
I mentioned about fishing shows this morning.
And, you know, maybe the colors are going to sleep with the fishes when they're done.
Maybe that's what it's about.
Some kind of a sublimal message in here.
Maybe we want our way to polymer.
We just don't know of you.
Here's the mob in sunrise.
Hello?
You know, dear.
Sir, are you part of the mob?
No, you're right.
Do you like the part of the mob?
Well, I guess.
Yes, I know.
So, if I do get killed, I guess.
You don't.
I can't be enjoying one.
I'm not.
Some good first.
I was going to comment about like that.
You went to the, uh, the new arena.
Oh, it is beautiful.
It can be served in there.
It's going down, I guess, to, uh, you know, the other day, just part out over there down there.
It's not in the migrator.
It would be a, it would be a, uh, comparing a, a folkworm with a gigantic, beautiful,
steak dinner.
I mean, they're, they're, they're no comparison.
Yeah, they're the most beautiful places I've ever seen in your life.
They come in right there, and they're, uh, they're just, uh, the stuff that feels moan.
Yeah.
You know, it's, you know, it's, it's regular, it's good air, it's a fancy camp, it's Miami-Northy.
You got it over here, it's not like that.
Well, yeah, because they got the inputs right off the, uh, off the, uh,
sawgrasters.
Yeah, it was right right right in off the, uh, there's another one in the house,
or inside, but at least you're inside the place, and they've got out in the outer lobby.
There are restaurants and, uh, you know, snack bars and, and all kinds of good stuff.
And there's going to be a big, um, panther, paraphernalia store, shopping, or device,
and all of that stuff.
It's like a whole different world.
Yes, you could fit the other arena in there, like one third of it.
Yeah, but it's, because I've been by, you know,
because I was sort of stating that they have to work around there, and you know,
just, just going to, and the margaritas, it's really like, like, Charlie,
so I started to urinate, you know, that, you know, the water's up there.
Yeah, it was, it was, the pasta place was sterile.
I mean, it was functional, but it really was sterile.
This place is, yeah, it's magnificent.
You're being close to the area, you know, having some little shopper
to the studios will make a little bit of a night versus like, you know, the, uh,
being in the middle of the water, so I mean,
like, like, face of us, uh, the lobby lady, and you know, that, you know,
kind of, you know, kind of, I don't know where this place is, kind of,
it has a little bit, you know, it's in the first place,
I was being dealt with, I was a man, it's a man, I don't know where,
but like, you know, it's kind of, I was just like, yeah.
So, well, why is it kind of in the kinky side, uh,
do you see the opening of, do you see the other one?
Can I see, do you see something?
Yeah, I got it.
Do you see, do you see, like, like, look at different colors?
Oh, this is different, believe me.
I see the, you know, these things from my temple, as well,
you know, if you do like, if you do.
Okay, you got to hang on, son.
Thank you.
Okay, this is the one that's got the person inside of the person or whatever I was in before.
I'm telling you, there's somebody in there.
There's somebody knocking on the door and you just can't get out.
Wow.
Those to show you guys don't go, you know,
exploring too far because you may wipe up inside the cavern
and never be able to find you way back out again.
24 after 11, I'm fighting last night on QA.
We better get to the bottom of that.
I think that's a real major,
I wonder who's responsible for that.
You don't think you could be blocked, do you?
When you think the program director would have been all set up,
we would have that line in and make sure that we got that game
come out simple promoting you will run in almost all day.
Here's, uh, Samob and Hollywood, hello.
Hello, deal.
Yes, sir.
How are you today?
Okay.
Hey, hey, I was looking to do that picture show this morning.
Pretty difficult.
Hey, really, thank you very, very much.
Talk about it.
I'm just about to have a man with a wire here.
It's just a big, $200.
Mr. Benton, a history man cut.
The Dolphin season starts this weekend,
the first meaningful game.
The happy camp of the working camp open Saturday.
We got the arena now just about finished.
All of a sudden stuff going on here and they're talking about fishing
and then they wonder how come the show sucks so bad.
That's exactly why.
What the hell is wrong with these guys?
And then, and then even worse than that,
they got Gildey on there doing a suck up to his New York Jets thing,
which everybody here with a brain hates the Jets like poison,
except those New York idiots.
What the hell is that all about?
Gildey got such a good chance of regular feature now as part of a Jets 2 now.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, the only reason was because I was waiting for you to come on.
And then he started talking about fishing and the Jets.
And I was like, turning it off.
Oh, that's time to keep them on.
Man, I think lawsuit is in order.
Yeah, I agree with you.
Hey, can I get one of those videos?
Yes, sir.
That's what we got next.
It's called, uh, faster my face with,
come on, pal.
That'll work.
Okay, yeah, it does.
If you look at the picture,
oh, by the way, spit it in the picture.
Boy, there must be a lot of that.
The jerk inflation going around town,
these are women are,
you know, you got to look good in the morning.
You got to look really beautiful in the morning.
What am I going to do with these, by the way?
Where the hell are we?
I'll put it on the black sheep back there.
Yeah, George can get him here and do it up in the mayors
just for the eating of pre-launch.
It's 1126 and 560.
Q-A-L, you can get my rear end.
It's 1132 and 560,
WQM, happy Friday, too.
Maybe they hung on a more celebrated
by giving away some great stuff.
They just showed up in a box.
That we had the old box in the box.
And what a great job they did for the most part
of taking up these things for the most part.
Only one here on the back, I mean,
it's interesting to me that he takes up certain or a physicist.
But other things kind of look like, uh, oh, white.
You don't want to shoot those, Joe.
If you want to value your job.
And anyway, she must have done a bad job of applying the lotion.
Look at that.
Huh?
Well, well, it looks like some of it's sloped right there.
Anyway, we got the three of these left.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, the Dow is up 51 cents.
Oh, it has X up 5 points.
Maybe we will be.
All these snack bars, all these different kinds of food.
I mean, you know, the old Miami arena, the food there,
was like absolutely the worst thing.
Made the food at P.P. Park seem like gourmet.
It was like going to Roots Chris Steakhouse by comparison,
the difference between P.P. Park and the Miami arena.
They're the worst goddamn food.
But here I have a feeling it's going to be better,
and they know it's got to be better,
because if they want to keep us in there and know the quality
of the team it's going to be on the ice,
we're going to be spending a lot of time eating food.
Out there on the food court, wandering around in the lobby,
buying a memorabilia, whatever else.
That's what we're going to be doing.
Here's big pine key. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Rogers.
Yes, I am.
I've listened to you for years, for probably about
ever since you've been on the air.
Yes.
It's been an orange fan.
A day before yesterday, the last half hour between 11 and 12,
It's elevated to $1.3,
because what you articulated so eloquently about...
Are you good?
I mean, I'd give anything to have a tape without I was working.
What was I talking about?
There was so outstanding ingredient. Let me hear it.
I'll do it again. I'll do it quickly.
Oh, God.
You were talking about people influencing their religiosity,
regurgitating, viewing, and that's right.
I'll let the spoon fit half.
Right.
Keeping their eyes...
Why should I keep it to themselves?
I mean, intolerance here.
I'm not talking about it.
These were tolerant people. They'd understand, hey, this is what I believe.
If you don't believe that, so can we just won't talk about it.
And then we would never even discuss it.
We never even discuss it.
Believe whatever free entails you want to believe.
Don't put it on your goddamn car.
Don't come knock it on my door.
Don't start putting newspaper ads in the paper.
Tell me that I'm this.
I'm that I should be the...
Tell me what I should be.
Just be whatever you want to be.
Okay, don't hurt anybody.
And that's it.
Very simple.
We don't need any big complicated philosophy or any big black book
to tell us how to be a decent person.
Everybody in the world knows the answer to that.
But we've got to have all those focus, focus, and a bunch of intolerant assholes
like the Crusades and all the other bull crap.
Onward Christian soldier, I have just said...
Right, just a bit.
I hate to...
Yeah.
...for that crap.
It occupies my mind constantly because I'm constantly inflicted with that crap on.
There's a stupid bumper sticker in the stupid pamphlet, in the door, in the motel room,
everywhere.
That's right.
You go to one motel, you open up the drawer, there's a guy named Stupid Bible in there.
There's a Bible, of course in Vegas, it's a Bible because the blue prayer there can't hurt.
You need that.
Well, it was a...
But any place else, what is a Bible doing in my drawer and a motel room?
And of course, you know what?
Most people at Ren Motelroom's for 20 years.
That's what they're doing in there, okay?
It was a cut starting.
That they were doing in the Bible, they were beginning and beginning.
It was a cut starting experience for me yesterday, or a day before yesterday.
If you ran that again, or will it make it to the TV show, I'll tape it, I'll tape it.
Oh, sure, I'm sure it'll be on there.
Oh, just keep tape in that way and you think.
Thank you.
And that was...
What gets me the words is, they cling even more tenaciously to it when they feel threatened.
You ask them for a little reason, a little thought, and all you get is a scrap about space.
Oh, well, you just blind space.
Yeah.
All right, thank you.
Hey, Liz, it was a good start.
That was great.
Thank you.
All right.
So anyway, what the hell was I doing before you?
Why, he's a little bit worked up.
That's the moral Christ compend you.
To do a spot.
21 till noon at 560 WQM, we have an open line in day 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
Jesus loves you.
Oh, yes, Jesus is the way.
Your home is the way.
Oh, you're fine.
Go find them.
Okay, get on the right road.
Get on the right.
You're on the wrong highway.
Okay, because Jesus is the end of the end of this highway.
Get on some other highway.
Quick putting that stuff in front of my purse and go have a great life.
And of course, when you look at the people who are driving those cars,
then it gives you a little insight as to what we're talking about.
If you want to like make some...
Hey, you know, Barley,
you're helping all the boys on a catwalk.
It's not surprising.
If you know we need you to drive the force all the jumps to the level we need,
a lot of our birds are not in all of our roles.
I'm just a president of my twin wall row.
So all you need now is that in order to really want the love of the child,
so for all of our...
Yeah, eating up my cooking cover,
some energy box does it her own burn.
I just want to get some...
Malaysia...
Okay, may I go?
Oh, Malaysia...
Oh, Malaysia...
Oh, that's what I like.
Oh, my goodness.
Maybe we're both dumb, marijuana.
I bet I'll show you my big taste, marijuana.
I'm not the last dog,
like the fondle of the fake adduance,
bitter and swallow.
I just want to get some...
Malaysia...
I just want to get some...
Malaysia...
Oh, Malaysia...
Oh, maybe not...
Oh, Malaysia...
Malaysia...
Malaysia...
Malaysia...
Malaysia...
Malaysia...
Malaysia...
Oh, Malaysia...
And I was out of alcohol, Steve.
Last meal.
Yeah, first of all, I think one more meal and he's just going to explode.
In fact, he got on the scale of...
Oh, my God, all the fat people are showing up today.
First, there was no more my Kent,
then there was tons of fun, alcohol, Steve.
And now...
Oh, what a graver.
Who actually, I think, lost some weight.
Did you lose some weight?
All right. What do you think I can't say that people used to be?
Of course, I always just hear so by comparison,
you look like a...
You look like VT.
Like he's doing the VT's in there.
Yeah, okay.
Hey, by the way, that cross-guy amphitheater is...
...the best.
Okay, where we going? Let's do...
We got to hurry up here. We got two videos to give away before noon.
Oh, Chester and Virginia, hello.
Yeah, this was pretty wild.
I'm sitting here at the office.
We can't get radio, but I can't get internet.
How do you like that?
Pretty damn good.
Thank God for the video.
Well, they want to see video on the internet.
You keep on talking about David, you can't say anything.
That's great. That's the idea.
You're teasing me.
Got a teaser imagination.
You have practice makes perfect.
What have you got lost on videos?
Some stuff that you can't have in Virginia.
Okay, where we going?
Let's go to...
Whenever there's something that we started sending stuff to Virginia,
it's probably up there by DC.
Here's Miami. Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know what's the funny thing about these religious months?
And what is that?
These are the same people who go to the corner shop,
and they were the leather necklaces with the spikes and stuff.
Uh-huh.
And wait for something to pick them up so they can give them a stiff one eye.
Right.
You know, and they...
They just...
Yeah.
And they take the collection place and take all the quarters
and the loose dollars and stick them on the peeps show
and go ahead and have a good time.
Yeah.
And then they go ahead and condemn everybody else.
Now, do you say half dollars because I know what place is getting better?
There's no fact in the church.
Yeah.
Can I stick around for a moment?
Well, hang on.
In fact, here's one called...
Fuckers, okay, hang on.
Well, he said he wants to suck around.
Okay, that's on line three.
Take care of our fine friend there, all right?
He knows what side it's on.
He said what I wanted to hear.
He said the truth is what he said.
There's no fact in the church.
Or something like that.
Well, we're gonna have Josie right in mobile on there right now.
That's...
I don't want you to overwork yourself.
I realize it's an extra couple of letters on there.
I mean, he's in training here this morning doing this.
I don't want him to overdo it, especially since we never got that check to give them
for my good friend Adam in sales for that spot I recorded about 10 years ago.
Well, that's like everything else here.
It's working.
Trickles in real slowly.
Okay, if you just sit back in dummy of some day when you're like that 50 bucks I got there,
I still don't know what it's for.
I'm sure they owe it to me probably for my so far a little bit long ago.
Adam, I'm gonna tell it's for it.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Mobile in Miami?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
No.
I'm here in my house, looking for radio.
And how come you're on a mobile phone?
I don't know.
Uh-huh.
I'm listening to this guy sitting here talking about your own damn base.
Uh-huh.
And I say, well, I call him here a little no.
And who is that?
I don't know.
Some guy on Power 96 was talking about you.
Oh, Don Cox?
Yeah, I think that's his name.
Maybe he's an asshole.
He's an asshole, don't worry about him.
Okay, let's go to a nut.
Don Cox is talking about me on Power 96 for what?
We don't want nothing to do with you.
Don't you understand, Cox?
We don't want nothing to do with you when you're big fat ass.
Just stay out of here.
I mean, I enjoy when our gold thing comes in until he's third life.
And you know something, our gold thing was not joking.
That's the thing that's scary about him.
Any contact with you in flesh that he can like fake his way through.
I mean, this guy is really confident.
I feel here is what he's doing.
This is not a joke.
That's what I'm serious.
He puts on an act like, ah, it's just a big joke.
But in the meantime, he's grabbed it and squeezed it in touch.
And then you can tell when somebody means it and you're just revolted.
I'd rather make mad passion at love to fat Joe in there than ever touch our gold thing.
I'd rather die before I even think about through a touching fat Joe.
So what is that?
Does that put in its proper perspective?
Man.
Good.
God almighty.
Al stayed a hell of a way.
And then he gives me those same keys again.
The same Phantom keys to his, here you go.
Yeah.
To his joint and Amsterdam.
Yeah, he's got a lot of joints in Amsterdam.
But you know, it would like a little nicer paintball on it too,
just to be a little shot, a little comet.
And he still don't fit.
Yeah, you've got a twisted mianca and turn it.
I'm twisted in the acutus.
Okay.
And it still doesn't go in there.
Here's a Hollywood, hello.
Good morning, you're?
Yes, sir.
So he's being Hollywood?
Yes.
Any other reference to the news arena?
I was up there.
I have to split in there a couple weeks ago to pick a quick look.
And I'm up there, then I'm fetching you as a Walic and Nosebleed.
And around that there's four or six of those.
And you're going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
I'm going to be like, you're going to be like,
Number five, signs right up your alley.
Hang on, pal. Okay. See you around, hey.
Thank you. Hang on. Okay. There's one of our Canadian
Paisons, one of the English speaking Canadians,
the ones we like, I suppose, to those,
you know what I'm talking about,
frogs.
Well, you know, the status part, I had a great time
at the Iranian yesterday, meant all my close personal friends,
Captain VM and Bill Tury and Tury.
But Tury Murray is a great guy. Let me say it again.
Like Tury Murray, I hope you have rest of the luxury.
You'll need it with this outfit.
But I was there a little, and Randy Moore was there,
good old Randy, but I missed my close personal friend,
Denise Pothman and me. I just missed him by a few minutes.
And I went home and I thought to myself,
I feel really, really happy because I didn't see my close personal,
dumb frog friend, Denise Pothman.
Five minutes.
