White where you got it.
Sport radio 560 QAL.
The Neil Roger Show, Lauderdale.
Here's your brand, honey.
And again, it tastes so crappy.
You know, I'd give my immortal soul for a brand that tastes good.
I heard that.
The Algebra, more than the Underworld.
What are you doing here?
I heard you're not eating your fiber, Bob.
Perhaps you'd like to try a new B. Algebra.
What's so great about the Algebra?
Well, one bowl of the Algebra has all the fiber you need to keep regular.
But the best part is it tastes great.
Wow.
Besides, if you don't eat your fiber, your borrowed will clog with running meat.
Your intrestable full, tensed to his dead.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Oh, okay, okay.
I get the points.
So, at least my brain.
There's a good fellow.
Thanks, O Desolate One.
There's no problem.
And now, about your immortal soul, Bob.
The Algebra?
I'm just kidding.
The Algebra.
Because good health shouldn't cost you your soul.
There's smoking it out in the Everglades.
Voices.
Every time you turn around, there's another one coming straight for you.
Your mind, your girlfriend, your body's right.
And somehow, your voice, the one that really matters, gets buried.
But, man, you can't let it stay silent.
And that's why the Air Force could be the place for you.
You'll earn a good salary, learn from a hundred and forty thousand.
What the hell is this?
And, sir, your car?
Well, that's the right.
Well, it's right.
Foster's fault, okay?
What was that about?
He came in here and he said, he would all redden the face.
Well, I guess he wasn't reddened the face.
It's kind of hard for Roy Foster to be reddened the face.
Well, you know what, a black guy gets reddened the face.
You know what?
But, at any rate, he looked embarrassed and he said to me,
oh, you can be talking about my personal stuff,
I said, what personal stuff, you're,
he said, oh, my plumbing problem.
So, we take it back.
Roy Foster, Roy Foster, no, he didn't care about the other thing.
You keep thinking it's about that stuff with that sales broad.
No, he doesn't care about that.
Everybody knows that.
No, he's concerned that people will like,
somehow, this great ex-dolphin player,
whom we all admired when he played,
all of his really badly out of shape in fact now,
and we understand why he tried the act in bed,
because he's big as a house.
But, at any rate, he did not shed blood.
I just made that up.
Not.
We talked about my incident on the year before, remember?
Why, you shed blood?
Right.
And all these people were calling me
and the doctor on the beach was calling me.
Yeah.
But, you're not uptight and sensitive.
And when you blush, we can see.
So, we know when you're offended.
But when we're blushes, we can't see it.
So, that goes for sure.
One more good reason not to be black,
because if you're going to be sensitive
and start blushing about stuff,
how are we supposed to be knowing it, huh?
I don't be knowing it.
God damn it.
So, Roy did not craft black or agreeing.
Whatever it was, purple.
Red, whatever color it was.
Oh, it was purple.
Okay, whatever, just go upstairs
and do what's your name and get out of here, Roy.
Go sell some spots.
Here's your field.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great. Never been better.
Listen, I just stepped into the house
for a minute and flipped the TV on.
You should hear Pat Rauerson praying for Carla Faye, Tucker.
The well too late now.
Hey, the one that's going to fry.
You know, why should it be any different
for the men than the dish for the women?
Yeah.
You know, you stick an axe through someone.
They're going to fry you.
Has nothing to do with men or women
it has to do with that.
She's born again, sir.
Don't you understand?
She's a born again Christian now.
And how does she change?
So, maybe O.J. O.
You know, see the light.
Yeah, well, that's the thing.
Oh, she's all ready to go meet her maker.
Good. I wish I could pull the switches or flip it for her.
Remember the needle stick it to her.
Yeah. Have a great day, Pat.
See you around.
Every where you go, it's the same old crap.
Bunch of Yenthas.
See, I've got to show you why we have no spots
on most of the day on the station
because most of the people are supposed to be selling
and or coordinating those kind of activities
are busy.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
to enter Yentra routine.
So, George tells me during the last break
that he's had several calls from upstairs,
upstairs meaning the power structure of this joint,
where all the Yenthas sit around all day,
finger do it, diddling each other, or themselves,
or both as the case may be,
we're trying to get the stains off their clothing.
And people wanting to know, are you okay down there?
Say anything going on?
Because Joe Castello is sitting here today,
who of course is usually back at the other joint,
getting emphysema from what's in the building.
And he's just sitting here observing today
in case the court since he's the backup,
if we can say that.
In case George is going to be out sick,
which being here today, Joe means,
count on it in the next couple of weeks.
Trust me, he's already planning the days.
But I mean, doesn't that show you how pathetic
and paranoid you assholes and George says to me,
oh my getting fired right now, yeah,
cause he just bought a house.
That would be a good time to fire his ass.
I'll at least do it a circumsides.
I'll say that.
That was only an accident,
but I just dropped my cigar.
Ha ha ha ha.
Was it lit?
Was it?
No.
If I'm brushing down there, it's only cause it's cigar egg.
Let's go to a mobile in West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, what's up, Neon?
How you doing, sir?
I got a couple quick questions for you
in a couple of comments.
Okay.
You finally ever heard just before you came over to us,
UAM, and I basically,
look at you, a few times, an open mind.
I think your insight in hockey is excellent.
I think you know a lot about the game
and I appreciate some of the things I hear
in your comments about it.
Yes, sir.
But as far as your other comments,
I mean, I'd rather you stick the sports.
I don't understand why.
You'd rather I stick the sports.
Well, let me say this to you, sir.
Again, I don't do a sports show.
I don't do a hockey show.
I don't do a sports show.
I do the highest rated show in this market
for the last 20 years,
the Neon Roger show and will continue doing so.
Don't hang up on me.
I'm not hanging up on you,
but I will say this,
I don't take direction from listeners,
especially people who don't even know what my show is about.
Okay.
Well, like I said, I came on board with an open mind.
Okay.
But I mean, I've been on the year now here for like five weeks
and it would seem to me that if the only part
that you like hearing is the hockey stuff
which represents about five percent
or most of my show that you would have been long gone by now.
No, no, no, I know that.
I tune you in what's going to be a little bit
because I'm in my car a lot.
I'm in cells.
You know, I do when I hear a hockey I keep doing.
Otherwise, you know, I think you're an ignorant jackass.
Yeah.
And you know, I think your jelly views on daily life,
a lot of them are misconstrued and you just know.
Misconstrued, you know what that means, sir?
You know what that means, sir?
Yes, I do.
Misconstrued.
Misconstrued.
Misconstrued, it was misunderstood.
You know what that means?
You misunderstood a lot of things.
No, no, when you think the views would be misconstrued,
that means that whoever would be hearing them
would misunderstand them.
No, no, no.
Perhaps that's the problem.
No, I think you don't get it.
No, you don't get it.
You know, stick to hockey, buddy.
Goodbye.
Hey, stick it up your ass, buddy.
Goodbye.
See, there's another guy that can't handle it.
Another one of those real nervous now.
He's probably in the closet.
When you're looking to make your neck feel like,
see, to a head.
Something that hurt a little bit of this,
but you can't avoid the morning show when you're in this room
because it's on in the monitor.
But I do avoid it in the car in a way to work.
But anyway, I heard some banter about that abortion last night.
This town is so dicked.
I'm going to tell you right now.
You know what I'm talking about?
I have never in my life ever.
If somebody would have said to me,
this is what you're going to encounter.
Try to go to a hockey game tonight,
which you pay good hard, cool cash for those tickets
because you want to go and support your team
and maybe have a good time, which it turned out okay.
And we get on the Hershey highway
and they're approaching the turnpike toll plaza.
Now all of a sudden,
now it usually takes me from my house to the door
if you're wearing the 30 minutes, 30 minutes.
Not my favorite trip in the world
because once you get down here, it gets a little dark.
You know what I'm talking about?
A little on the dark side.
But nevertheless, you're parking a lot of the courtier,
you're running for your life,
you get in the door and you're safe, maybe.
30 minutes.
And our 10 minutes of hell last night,
why?
Because this town is dicked.
That's why.
You got a mayor who's on hallucinogens,
number one, every day there's another story
in the newspaper about fixed elections,
which is the one that got a bit in the first place
and they're still counting ballots and they're still,
ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba,
can't figure that out.
They're changing the name of the county,
they're trying to eliminate the city of Miami,
they put it on the ballot,
which they should have done by the way.
That would have been the best thing that was ever done.
Eliminate the city of Miami.
I'm not talking about like geographically,
I'm talking about with neutron bombs.
Get rid of it.
And guess what, mine,
they're having a sucker game in the orange
for last night, man.
Get to the turnpike.
Two of the plastic is backed up and worth it.
And what the hell is going on over here now,
all of a sudden?
And you look out the window.
Here's all these Jamaican flags out the windows.
Yeah, man.
And it dawned on me that some asshole
called a show yesterday morning,
which you may or may not recall.
It said, forget about hockey,
it is that we got a great soccer game coming up tonight.
It's the orange ball.
What other city, other than maybe,
maybe, Geneva, New York,
what other city would have like two sporting events
first of all, the National Hockey League
or if it was the HETA NBA,
these are professional sporting events.
I don't know what kind of a bogus horse craft event this is.
The con cat calf gold cup at the orange ball.
What the hell is that?
With 43,000 and some illegal aliens there
through in the Manjala Ganja
or whatever the hell was going on.
Yeah, man.
And waving at Jamaican flags out the window,
with a goddamn stupid soccer game.
And by the way, guess what the final score was
of this thrilling soccer game last night?
No, no gold.
No gold.
Get out of here with this friend.
The final score in a big hit between Brazil
and Jamaica was two, no score, nothing.
Get out of here with this guy.
Soccer blows and a soccer fan,
get out of banana bone, okay?
Go find a nice island somewhere
where you can keep kicking it around
that 600-yard field over and back and forth
and forth and back it up and down.
It blows.
Nobody here gives a crap about soccer, man.
Except of course, all the 43,000
some illegal aliens who were down there watching the game.
Just jamming up the Hershey Highway.
Get out of I-95 and my lifetime,
I have never seen such an excruciating situation.
Get into the Miami arena.
Who are playing the defending Stanley Cup champions?
All these front-running ponies, of course,
with their red wing outfits on.
You know what I mean, Esther?
All these ponies.
And given the arena, it's now seven o'clock.
Ordinarily we get there six thirty
when they open the door.
Seven o'clock.
Oh, yeah, the doors are wide open.
I'll write you walk inside.
There's nobody there except the two hundred people
who come from South Bay like Mr.
and Mrs. Howard Kleinberg and a few other people live
in South Bay.
That's it.
Those are the only people there.
And now they're pouring into the arena by the ones.
The crowd was just pouring in by the ones and twos
because nobody can get there.
This is the goddamn red wings, okay?
These are the Stanley Cup champions.
Even without Stevie, why a pretty damn hot team?
Come seven thirty that guy comes out
and sings a very grotesque way.
I think he was a fraud or something.
I know he might have been a Julio
because he said the whole day came you see
or something like that.
A grotesque rendition of the national anthem.
And now we're ready for the face off.
And here we go.
Macriori's ready to drop the puck opening face off.
You look around.
There couldn't have been three thousand people
in the stands for the start of the game.
And the people are like filenade.
Midway in the second period.
Are you following this midway in the second period?
I think was finally the end of people getting into the arena
because they couldn't get there
because of a stupid goddamn soccer game last night.
This is what you call great planning.
Now I hate to break the news to you,
but the hot NNA show after this weekend,
we got a three week hiatus for the Panthers
that one more home game for three weeks
because of the Olympic break.
And the heat guess what?
Don't play home every night.
Thank God.
So I am sure that if there was a little bit of coordination
which is award not a no vocabulary in Dave County,
Miami did excuse me.
If there was just a little bit of coordination,
they might have found some other goddamn night
to play their goddamn stupid horse ball soccer game.
That wound up thing with a score of two.
Oh my God.
But I mean, this is, I can't begin to tell you,
I will be the happiest human being on the face of the earth
when the last home game is played
in the Miami arena for the Panthers.
When we finally get into that new arena in the fall
and we don't have to make the trip down to Hershey Highway,
down the Ho Chi Minh Trail,
through 75 million illegal aliens on I-95,
all going to some stupid goddamn soccer game
with the Yamagawa Gondra.
So they're making flags out the window.
You know, totally unexpected.
And nobody of course in advance says,
by the way, it's gonna be a nightmare.
You might wanna leave a few minutes early
because it's gonna be a mess, baby.
And needless to say, of course, the orange bull exit,
guess what?
The Southwest 8th Street exit is right after
where you get off the go to the arena.
Right after the 395 exit is the,
or in there all jammed up there.
I mean, you're like five miles from there
and you can like see it almost,
but you know, you're never gonna get there.
If you live to be 200, you will never ever get there.
So my sympathies to those of you who do live in South-Aid
like the Climbbergs and a handful of others
who are dumb enough to still live down there
because you're gonna have a long, long trip starting next year.
But you know something, we've had five years.
Now the jokes on you guys.
We've had five years of this real pleasant, pleasant,
wonderful journey down to Hershey Highway,
which quite frankly isn't usually that bad.
But last night was the coup de gras.
That we're doing the coup de gras
in the car you could smell at the aroma,
the stench of Coleman,
or was like whopping throughout the county.
So thank you so much, all you soccer idiots, you.
And you can hop your china, you can call up Mon
and you can give us a song and a dance
about how great it was and about a beep and about a boop.
It's cock-eyed, terminal.
They could start 4,000 soccer league.
They can have 20 million little kids running around
with soccer balls.
And it's still ain't never gonna take off in this country
because it is coma inducing.
It is brewing.
What they make to feel a little bit bigger,
I think that was solved the problem.
How about 600 yards would be good.
And then maybe once during a soccer match,
they could actually get down in the offensive zone
and get near the goal of the other team.
And then by the time the game is over in two hours,
then they'll be back up at the other end.
Because it would accomplish the same thing that they do now.
Take your soccer balls, get on a banana boat
and go back wherever the hell you want to go, okay?
But don't do it here.
Get rid of it.
Am I making myself clear so far?
Am I making myself clear?
Yeah, I'm good.
Here's a pepper fine.
Hello.
Hello.
I'm just constantly.
Oh, it's a lady in pepper bar.
I'm proud to be a Jamaican.
Right.
Okay, and soccer is a national game.
Soccer sucks.
Yes.
And this has been a long time going,
long before you guys started basketball and football.
I don't care about basketball, I don't care about football.
We had a hockey game last night.
Well, it started long as a football team was a baby.
You are jealous because we are all chicken together.
People from all over came to see that game.
You were sticking together.
Maybe a little bad every night and would help, you know?
But you need a bad up your ass too.
A bad up my ass.
And if you are not in the basketball,
or it's kind of boring.
You talk about smoking weed and guns.
If you were smoking weed and gun,
you'd be conscious of what you've been talking.
Yeah.
By your talking pure shit.
Oh, okay.
There's the pole over the wall.
Oh,
Oh,
and she said it was pure shot too.
Not just, I'm just talking plain ordinary crap.
I'm talking pure shot is what you say with an eye.
Oh, that was beautiful.
Thank you so much, sweetheart.
We love you.
Yeah, that was the best.
Oh, man.
She said, if you stick a bad up your ass in my fly right
into your aim is something like that.
It wouldn't think that that tiny,
Tim thing would be in here with it.
Oh, that one is, but I don't have time for that whole.
Oh,
I don't want to hear the whole thing.
This is a dead end.
Oh, it is.
What's that under?
Old man, of course.
Oh, it's grown.
Just undergrown.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Well, that's a beautiful thing.
oh,
oh,
oh,
lovely.
Well, that must have been, I have no one
to talk about where I foster again.
That must have been bubble.
I'll just call him bubble.
That must have been him when he had that bleeding oozing
a problem from the acting time, which we will not talk about
on the ear again until tomorrow, maybe.
Why did he get upset about that?
I just don't understand.
Even the way I was chucking about that.
She said it with the bloodiest stool she ever said.
I mean, saw.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, hi.
I was talking to you about the game.
I'm not happy what you're saying about your makin'.
First of all, because...
What I'm saying about your makin', what have I said
that isn't true?
What, what you said isn't true?
I don't know.
It's just boring.
I mean, it's just like, I got like one little stripe through it there.
It's not really...
So is your flag in the United States?
Wow, I've got stripes and stars, but I'm being in Bataboo.
What star?
What star?
Is there a star in the air?
I don't have a damn thing in it.
Let me tell you something.
I always represent the grass, the green grass, the yellow sun, okay?
And black of all black people.
The green grass, which you're smoking?
Well, you smoke it too.
I do not smoke weed, man.
Oh, you don't smoke a lot of weed.
I'm smoking a cigar though right now.
Well, okay, but he's made from it.
He's made from it.
It's made from it.
Cuban seed tobacco.
A little part of that is in there.
Okay.
A little bit of pots in there.
Yeah, I live in a showroom.
Everything from Jamaica is in there.
That flag is in there.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
First of all, we should have blocked your ass for 95 for you.
You wouldn't be able to come off.
I couldn't come off on 95, and my windows aren't chippin'.
Good.
We should have threw something in there.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
And I'm just against the Jew as you are against the makin'.
Okay?
You're against the Jews?
Yeah.
Now, when did I say I was against your makin'?
I never said that.
You put words in my mouth, but you're also coming out of the closet as being just what I said before,
for when you're reminded and bigoted.
No.
And I'm sure you're also against the fags.
No, you were just as nomad.
I'm sure you're just right.
You hate the fag, it's right?
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Why would you want to think up and just ask?
Diggin' someone's ass if you were a proctologist, you might.
Well, if you're looking for seeds to make a bell, you know, find a backyard.
A lot of refugal won't be up in your ass pretty soon.
Yeah, exactly.
A thing of okay, thank you so much.
She's the same bich that's called before.
That said that her shot didn't stick or something like that.
I guess she never got with Roy Foster when he had that problem.
Emma's not a been too, well, we don't want to get into it too deeply.
So there you go.
She hates the Jew, she hates the fags, she hates me, of course,
because I cover all that territory and lots more.
But she's a wonderful Jamaican man.
Yeah, man.
There you go.
Like I said, one way ticket and she don't like our flag either.
How do you like that?
I think it's a communist, a communist.
All the Cubans out there, you better watch yourselves.
You're surrounded by communistas.
Or you can't get the good weed.
If we ever said that Jamaicans back, you'll never get some really good weed anymore.
Colombians, we don't let them in.
For an outstanding selection of Italians,
8L.
So, uh, was the baby gravy life?
We're trying to got into what's happened to we should've been talking about years ago.
Long ago, if we only would've realized we had 600,000 Jamaicans,
just living here in the city of Miami alone.
And two minutes, what is it?
Two and a half million Jamaicans in Dayton,
Vard, put together, I don't know, that includes Palm Beach.
Because in this article, it's interesting.
It says Brazil's fans, absent promoters hopes of breaking a soft-footed
A soccer attendance record fell short,
conspicuous by their absence in Tuesday's crowd of 4,
8,000, 7, and 54 were Brazilian fans who in recent years have filled the orange bowl,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
But perhaps only 10% of Tuesday's crowd with pounding sambat drums
and worrying the blue green and yellow national colors of Brazil.
So that means there were like 4,000 Brazilian and 40,000 Jamaicans in that orange bowl last night.
40,000 Jamaicans?
And where do the Jamaicans, if they really live here,
if they're not illegal aliens, or came down from Alabama, or wherever they're hanging out?
I mean, where the hell do they live? Where are these people?
Have they infiltrated us very quietly?
Are they busy selling wheat on sweet corners in Little Havana?
They're landing in the city of Miami.
In the city of Miami, so in Jerk pork and Jerk chicken, is that Haitian?
That's your bacon.
Yeah, Jerk pork.
Well, Haitians don't have any food at all.
Well, I know they're not doing too well, but I mean, they must have some food to reproduce like that.
So, but seriously, we've got the different ethnic groups.
We all know about the Cubans, and there's some people who love Cubans, some people hate Cubans.
I love kind of like, you know, the young Cubans, I love a lot, the ones that listen to the show, the guys.
And then we got, of course, our American, well, we don't know what to call them anymore.
Just regular plain old black folks, African American, which I hate that.
Just black guys, women, whatever, which they're okay as long as they stay put.
And in, of course, the Haitians, which, like you said, they haven't got two nickels throughout together.
And they're busy selling the baseballs, which is good.
That's something very productive.
We like that.
And they don't seem to bother anybody as long as they're in Miami, or on business, and stay out of their neighborhood.
And that leaves the Jamaicans, who seem to be the question mark ethnic group in South Florida.
And today, I think we're going to find a lot more out about the Jamaican.
Like that little right, huh?
They're not on welfare. They have jobs. They go to work.
What do you mean they're not on welfare? Is the, are you suggesting that there are others who are on welfare and don't have jobs?
Is that what you be suggesting?
Yeah, like Americans, black, white, and miscellaneous.
And Cubans.
Cuban American.
No, Cubans are not on welfare.
There are no Cubans on welfare.
Most are ineligible anyway, like myself, my God.
Thank God for that. Thank God.
So I was thinking like, Mary Lito, as they never got any food stamps or stuff when they came over here,
or driver license right away, they got off the banana boat.
That's different.
Mary Lito.
But they're probably not either.
What do you mean that was really cool?
That was not illegal. I'm not talking about the ones that came in illegally.
I'm talking about the ones governor Graham Welton, with open arms standing down around the shores.
So Bob Barker was standing right there next to him.
Let me know down.
And be sure to get your children spayed and neutered.
But I guess they weren't listening.
Okay, anyway.
Let's do a Miramar. Hello.
Miramar.
Yes.
I had a question.
If that dead born again, Christian bitch.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Leave that.
Heaven was like the ultimate reward.
And it was so much better than life on earth.
Yeah.
Why'd she try to save her own life?
All because they could be at the excuse they were given yesterday was well, but she's got so much to contribute.
And she still has so much work to do here.
Haha.
You won't be doing no more work here, boy.
Yeah.
She's dead.
Here's a good idea.
Well, all the Christians who want to be in heaven, when I don't pick active, kill each other, the son, the ones that they're killing,
have to where they want to be.
Oh, right.
And then they get the electric chair or the needle or whatever.
Right.
And they'll be there too.
Sounds good to me.
And you can start with OG and Johnny Cochran.
Excellent.
Have a good one.
Okay.
So, what's the question?
Haha.
What is the question?
The question was about your makings.
But this guy's too worried about flying born again, Christian.
Not a bad idea.
He was wrong with that.
See, the arrogance, that thing in Texas was a classic example of the arrogance of most religious groups.
Not just born again, Christians or Catholic or Jews or Orthodox, whatever.
But I'll be religious groups.
Think that because their stuff don't stink and their God is the right one.
Therefore, we bend the rules for us.
Even though she was convicted in a court of law, she killed these two people with a pickaxe.
And we already know while she was on drugs, he's got this excuse.
But she found Jesus and she's born again.
And therefore, because of that, that was should make an exception.
The law doesn't really count, which of course proved that a lot of born again Christians think that there was a law.
Like the ones who are busy bombing abortion clinics in Birmingham and elsewhere, etc.
And so on.
And in Calahassia and Pensacola.
God's law.
And Cal Thomas knows God law.
Just read the Assumption Law.
Let us do the editor this morning.
Because the born again, they know what morality is and you damn love better listen to them.
Because their definition of morality is what everybody else is going to do.
Good enough for the president.
Good enough for me.
Here's the four-letter mail.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
When you 20-year-old circumfised you here.
All right.
I want to put my vote in for the Jamaicans.
Okay.
I love them.
I love the Jamaicans.
We want them to understand that.
Yes.
They're the ones in our neighborhood here.
They are my, I have some neighbors there to make them.
They are wonderful people.
And they don't smoke on you.
Yeah.
We just want them to play their soccer with a more convenient time for all the rest of us.
Hey, now it's Florida Panther hockey.
And we better than Jamaican soccer right now.
Yes.
It is.
Yes, it is.
I don't know.
Maybe we're going to be able to talk about it.
Any hockey, Chini hockey would be better than any kind of soccer.
Sure.
Soccer is terminal and there is no case to be made for it.
I don't have a particular opinion.
We've been in people all over the world sitting right now.
Taring each other's hair out over their soccer jersey.
Soccer is terminal.
Make no mistake about it.
But not after a couple of nights you make them do these.
Yeah, right.
Well, that goes to show you.
That's all you need.
Maybe if they don't put up a weed contest if you're reading,
we'd enjoy the hockey games more.
Hey, I'd run it.
Okay.
I'm the first on the man for that job.
You're hired.
All right, everybody in the radio, back at your douchebag.
Okay, and put your Yamakou away.
Have a good one.
Good night.
And your tits is too.
So now in the middle of the show, after getting into a big style of dance with our Jamaican friends,
now Greg Reats says, oh, it's a great show.
But guess what?
We're right in the middle of Little Jamaica here, man.
And by the way, I'm leaving for the day, said Greg Reed.
No doubt.
He's on his way out.
I mean, today, here's a mobile in Pember Pine.
Hello?
Hey, I'm on.
You're on.
Oh, yeah, I've got no material, but I have a burning question.
Yeah.
Where in when did you get that, that, that, that's a copy or that, or, or,
that's a marriage thing.
I want to bang you in the butt.
You know something, um, Robert, who's one of our board ops at the,
you know, the station, a fine American brought it in.
He brought it and taped it all our stuff in it.
I've been wondering that myself.
I wondered the contents that keep asking myself what conversation was going on on the
year when I entered.
I want to bang you in the butt, honey.
In Georgia, but I like a room interview.
It was a locker room interview.
Oh, I bet it was with Danny Boyd is what I heard.
That's right.
Thank you for coming.
Okay, pal.
Thank you.
Thank you guys for being on when he said, oh, my God, your breasts are beautiful.
That was my,
