Tad.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
wow, yeah Mommy, yeah, Daddy's is pretty loud in the house now! This weekend is the first day of the video session of the game
with me.
Oh, the kind of me.
Don't panic this kid.
Don't panic we don't want anybody in the audience
doing anything rash, okay?
Just because they're little minor things,
little minor difficulties out there like...
That's nice, darling.
Like that.
Hey, happy Thursday to you.
Just be glad to one thing today, baby.
Just all be glad we don't live in Wusky.
That's right.
Just count your blessings.
You're not living in Russia.
Although we may be soon.
But hey, don't get panicky.
Like I said, keep a stiff upper lip.
Keep a stiff and keep a lip on it.
That's what I always said.
Oh, by the way, I want to thank profusely some really nice...
Bro, we're getting these schmackas in.
It took a little while, but they're starting to flow in now.
I got a beautiful, loony tunes, schmata,
that I'm wearing on my thing tonight today,
whenever the hell is it?
From sunshine to plight.
Mary Cohen Freeman.
What kind of a name is that?
If our IMO and D,
but anyway, very nice people.
We thank you profusely, nice note.
And it's a Disney Yarmulka.
Ooh, it's a beauty.
And I think it's very appropriate for today.
So let's get to something really serious like those Marlins last night.
Ow!
I'm at the track.
By the way, we had a nice turnout last night for Simon Casting.
Only thank God for that.
In fact, I enjoyed that.
Track was nice and dark.
Nothing going on out there.
Hazel Park will plunge in our brains out.
But at any rate, so I'm a scenario to track.
And of course, checking back and forth with the Marlin game.
And I see it's one nothing.
And I know McGuire didn't have a home ride at that point.
And I hear all of a sudden in the eighth inning.
I hear a loud scream.
There's Joe Angel, but I'm eight-footable.
And I turn over just in time to Mark McGuire, the ball going over the fence.
That tremendous bomb for number 54.
And now I see it at the end of eight.
And it's six-nothing.
St. Louis, they had a big five-run eighth inning.
And I get my car after I'm finished plunging my lungs at the track.
And I'm going home.
And I hear the guy damn ballgame still on.
And I'm thinking of myself,
how can this game still be on?
It should have been over 10 minutes ago.
And now it's six to three.
And in Marlins, if a three straight home runs in the top of the ninth inning.
And then they get a couple of men on base.
And here's Marc Cazza in but a boom.
There you go.
Now it's six to six.
I get home. I turn on in TV.
And Marlins score in the top of the tenth and they win seven to six.
Absolutely meaningless.
But very exciting.
Sammy hits 52 yesterday.
McGuire hits 54 last night.
Marlins pull one out.
They pulled it right out.
Even Bubba never pulled it out like that.
So I'm sure a lot of people are all whipped up.
And to the answer, let's jump on the bandwagon.
Okay.
They don't care.
By the way, anybody want any men?
So our friends from Nick Sagarza here today and boy,
they brought me lots of good stuff.
In fact, by the end of the day, if the market keeps going down,
I know exactly where I can put all of these.
Recko, that's exactly right.
In fact, some of them are shaped perfect for that.
In fact, look at these.
These are those Cuban bullets.
Whoa, look out.
We're surrounded by Cuban bullets today.
Look at a nice shape of those pyramids.
And if you've got a bruised rectum, it's perfect.
We're like inserting very gently.
You know, it's the tip of those.
It's a beautiful thing.
So at any rate, yeah, we'll talk a lot about that to make them happy.
But at any rate, you know, the Russians are all lined up at the banks,
panicking because their money isn't worth a crap.
Even the Canadian money is worth more than theirs.
And the Canadian dollar is sliding.
They're going, this is perfect.
Looney Tune.
Because the Canadian dollar, as some of you may know,
is called the Looney.
And the $2.
What?
It is.
And the $2 coin is called the Tune.
Oh, those Canadians.
They got a sense of humor or what?
No.
No, they don't.
But at any rate, they better have a good sense of humor now,
because they're a dollar's falling to the lowest.
Are we going to have a worldwide like depression or something?
Uh-huh.
Or at the very least recession?
Uh-huh.
The old panic.
The market is only, oh wait a minute.
The market's down to 173 points.
And President Clinton, to speak, what did I say, 1045?
Get on CNBC.
We're going to get on top of this stuff.
We might have some important stuff going on here.
And even though this is not a news-intensive station to say they're very, very least,
I mean, there's something a little bit more important to talk about
than the goddamn U of M's scrimmage.
You know, I'm driving to work this morning.
And I'll confess that those guys were actually thoroughly entertaining, laughing and puking
and yuked it up for a few minutes.
And then the calls start coming in.
Oh, yeah.
I went to that scrimmage last night.
And those guys can't block worth of crap.
It's a symbol.
I'm thinking to myself, is this the worst thing that these assholes that are calling in
and got to worry about is whether the U.M.
are these goons at the Huracun's?
Can a block or not?
Who gives a crap?
Speaking of Huracun's, by the way, how about that Bobby Hall?
There's another genius for you.
All the problems in the world with Russia, I don't want to...
Should I say very quietly, but maybe communism wasn't so bad for them?
Huh?
Well, don't say that.
For them, I said, I'd say for us.
Yeah, they seemed to be...
They was good because then they had the dictators, see, and then they kind of kept control
on everything, and they kept the people down under their thumb.
And they said, hey, don't monkey with us.
We'll hit you with La Bombo, okay?
And they, okay, whatever you say.
And we'll go back and be slippers again.
And then they thought that we were going to try a little bit of capitalism
and all of a sudden all of the thieves over there,
which is all they got, they stole all of money.
They stole all of money, even, like I told you yesterday,
and might tell you all the loans from the IMF, those $100 billion.
Not one penny of that went to doing anything except all the thieves over there
that are running the joint, grabbed up all of the money.
They got yachts, they got homes all over Europe, all over the world.
And we're giving them money, crazy russkes.
So we're going to have like a little bit of a problem here,
but there's no need to panic.
The Dow's only down 182 points.
The Nasdaq's only down 443, which is equivalent to over 200, about 215, looks to me.
What are we worried about?
Is anybody panicking at this point?
Uh-huh.
So here's another good thing for you to think about.
If you don't have any money, this is perfect for George.
If you don't have any money, get a big smile on your purse.
Fat Joe in there, he's smiling from here to here.
He don't have two nickels to rub together.
Man, all man is sure.
What are you worried about?
You don't have to worry about investments.
You don't have to worry about working a whole lifetime.
And you see your life flashing before your eyes because...
That's right, it's all you...
Because of a bunch of crap.
And then these jackasses on here are sitting around,
hawking a china, about, wow, you know, this still looks like a good investment.
And telebross, tell her this, okay?
The markets in Latin America, all these emerging markets.
This is what these same assholes that are on there now, these experts,
they were peddling emerging markets.
And one of them, of course, was Russia.
Put all your money in.
And then the guy comes out at this morning, he says,
the Russian markets are basically worthless.
Yeah, worthless.
In other words, if you went out there and bought a whole bunch of Russian stocks,
well, guess what?
Here's one for you.
And here's another one just to make sure.
Just to ease the pain.
Get out.
The Russian market is like, basically, valueless.
I don't want to overreact here.
This one doesn't sound like I'm overreacting.
But the president's going to speak, I think it's at $10.45.
And we'll get on top of that.
If they ever put that damn thing on there again,
we'll monitor this carefully.
Now, what's he going to talk about?
Is he going to talk about Russia?
Is he going to talk about money?
Or is he going to talk about moniker?
Is he going to talk about his sexual addiction?
Yeah, that's the new thing they're saying.
You heard that?
This is going to be the new deal.
Well, this got a sex addiction.
A addiction.
Who does it?
I don't know.
I don't know anybody alive under the age of 200
who doesn't have a sex addiction.
But that's a good cop out, ain't it?
That's great.
He can't...
Oh, and of course, when you're married to the ice princess,
what the hell do you expect?
I mean, your daughter looks like that.
Like that.
I mean, oh, you can't even look at her without getting, like,
oh, psychotic.
And so it makes you want to go in the opposite direction.
Of course, that...
Maybe that's one of the reasons when he looks at Chelsea.
He said, well, I'm really horny.
I want to do somebody, but not anybody looks like that,
but anybody looks too good.
Because then when I do somebody looks too good,
I'll look at her and throw up.
Or something like that.
So, you see, you have to kind of finger out
what this is all about.
How these...
the machinations of this...
How people become so psychotic.
So, Yeltsin's going to be out either like maybe today
or after he meets with Bubba.
In fact, maybe they'll all...
Maybe they'll run off to Siberia together.
Maybe not by choice.
But at any rate,
don't panic.
Now it's only done 177.
We're going to keep a close eye on that today.
And if there's anybody who's aboard with that...
Too bad.
So Bobby Hall, while we're getting better in a minute.
Bobby, what can we say about Bobby Hall?
He's an asshole.
And what about David J. Neill?
He's an asshole.
That's a girl with a suicide shot over there.
Call him again this morning.
Hey, they finally told Sonny Hershey.
Nice one, sir.
Can't do assholes.
Nice going, baby.
They finally said, hey Sonny, you don't come back.
What a bunch of goyons.
Ten minutes after ten at five sixty WQA.
C-A-L.
God's the old.
Did you know that Johnny Carson is cab Halloween, baby?
The state's blend?
Where did you hear that?
I said in the toilet.
Jerry's gone far to know.
Did you know there's a place just six feet under the earth
where you grow when you die?
Where did you get water?
I picked it up in the toilet.
Here's what you'll find in the toilet this week.
Friends as die being burnt to a 65 pound show horse.
John Tendies come back in a spaceship with a super new diet.
A bird is dating John Hingley to make war and jealous.
I'm sleeping with Joan Collins and I don't even know it.
Where did you hear that?
In the toilet.
The national toilet.
Put a quarter in the slide and we like that world fun.
Okay, 1014.
We're in the toilet here at five sixty WQA.
And that's where we like it because we're used to it.
We feel comfortable there.
So, El President is going to speak now.
Do you think he's going to speak about the hurricane?
About Bonnie and about the aiding all those poor bastards up in the North for a light of a get-
You think about that?
No.
You're going to speak about being a sex addict?
No.
You're going to speak about Russia going to hell on a hand-basket?
Oh, maybe.
Who the hell knows?
So, stay to all of that.
General Electric.
Open eight.
Oh my God.
Look at that.
That's what I always say.
Don't get panicky.
It was on the phone.
We were right in the rain with my stock broker.
You bet you're sweet as I was.
I didn't panic.
I just got on the phone.
She said, I said, now.
That's all I don't panic.
Now.
I didn't.
I didn't.
No, I don't panic.
It's only God damn money.
Just relax.
We just have a little bit of depression around the world.
And these fakers are on earth trying to get us a song in advance.
The market's only down about 190 points right now.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think we can go for that.
I think he's got a point there.
I mean, if he can't afford, don't put a button in the oven.
If he can't afford to do whatever he's supposed to do with.
What he's supposed to do with?
I'll put it in the dumpster.
I'm sorry.
So anyway, he made all these gross test comments, allegedly.
He came back and denied them.
And now, of course, there's all this all up to it.
And David J. Neill, who comes to the...
...the Sonsheimi-Hold Hockey reporter,
comes to the game with the rest of the name Millicent,
African, Pusaube, Shaco, or whatever the hell out there is.
He says, where is the clock?
I'm here.
A lead comments disappointing without surprise.
And basically, what he's saying is that everybody's erratious anyway.
And especially these old jock from the old school,
who hated Jews and blacks and everybody else.
And all he did was open up and see what's wrong with it.
There's no crime there except that if you're in his system.
If you're in any position, you don't get on there and start making all kinds of comments
about the years in far too.
You just don't do that.
I mean, what kind of a jackass would come on an interview around the year
and start talking about the fruits and the...
...and types and stuff like that?
Do you want them to say?
On you, Bobby Hull.
Not only that, he didn't anyway.
He hates the black cloth.
So there you go, stick it in your big fat ugly...
...black room.
And it's done, bread, you know, bread, he's an asshole.
You know, maybe not from the same exact cloth,
but, you know, doesn't fall far from the tree.
Is that what I always say about the bad apples and the worms in them?
They don't fall far from the tree.
So Bobby Hull blow it out your ass.
You just an old dumb jock.
Just like all the other world...
...why should jock be talking about world events anyway?
What the hell do they know?
Look at every time we get one of these jock runs from political office.
It's always some white wing life vinegar bent by a gel...
...or a Jackie cam, who's like modernist compared to the four-steed large ones.
Always flaming white wings, 99 percent of them.
Although, I guess you just put a period after the flaming in some cases.
Speaking of jock's, by the way, all of this great sports world...
...contents the most important thing on this station.
Even though the Dow is down 180 points and people are getting blown away in the middle of the day.
I think it's an old North Carolina.
Are they getting blown in the North Carolina?
All right, let's go.
It's official Le Mans to do UM Play-by-Play.
Better late than ever is what they say.
There you go!
By the way, before I talk about that...
...I plug these nice little cigars and they're brought all kinds of stuff...
...including more of these immense of these gigantic, big fat ones.
Oh my god, those are little shorter than the other.
Little shorter and a little darker.
A little bit darker.
Yeah.
Well, there's different shapes and sizes.
Some are shorter, some are longer, some are lighter, some are darker.
And the cigars too.
But at any rate, they got their new cigar, which I'm puffing on one now.
These are great.
The Predomo number one.
Predomo Resur, which I think means it's got a reservoir tip.
From the La Predissio and Cabinets series.
These are the best cigars they said that they've ever made.
Now would agree with that.
And for the benefit of...
...we're going to get this on a year on TV and give next a nice plug on here.
And bed damn well better.
Because the radio people can't see them.
And this would be a nice incentive for them to turn on their goddamn TV show on Wami, one of these days soon.
To see the...
And these are beautiful because they're shaped like little torpedoes.
And they're just rounded enough on the edges that when you stick them in,
that they're not going to wreck them for too much.
Yeah, those ones that are like those human bullets.
Oh my god, you see those?
They got a real piercing tip.
They're going straight in there with you like it or not.
But the other ones kind of like these and they're kind of like a cigar suppository.
Yeah, those are...
As a point to the elephants' cigars suppository which are the immense sores.
These are gigantic.
In my life, I've never seen anything that dig around.
I've seen things longer than that, but never quite that fat and dig around.
Anybody find one?
Keep it away from me.
So there, go this nice little plug for our great friends and next to him up here,
Thomas, what a great job we're doing for them and I would agree with that.
So anyway, Dave Lamont.
Yeah, Dave Lamont, I know him for years when we saw it.
Anybody seen that?
No.
Yeah, you've seen it.
And Rimmers in there eating a free meal and a little monsoon there.
That was when I came back on here, not that many months ago.
And my good friend Dave Lamont came by and he had a good guy,
but they made a bad mistake.
You know Dave, you can't know.
You can't have business cards printed up saying the voice of the hercones.
And here's the poor sonny Hersch has been doing it.
He was a good guy, you know.
I heard people this morning on a morning show debating, you know,
was he great?
Was he...
Sonny's not a great sportscaster.
He never has any of those.
Good job.
And he's been doing you of him sports all of them for 100 years.
But like I've told you before, there's no loyalty over there.
They'd stand to grandma and the back sooner and look at them across if they
and the right move if they get out of bed on the wrong day.
And if they got a line that can't block.
There's channel communication.
You know, in my mind, I don't differentiate between passion and third channel.
It's all the same.
At least in this market because it's Ronald Wolf and Pete Wolzer.
Those are the chiggers in the wood plop.
Oh, don't get upset, David Day and the all I said, chiggers.
Those are the chiggers in the wood pile over there.
They treat everybody like crap.
They stab everybody in the back, which is not that unusual for this business.
But they go the extra several yards to really stick it to everybody.
So here's the guy.
He'll wouldn't it be nice just from the standpoint that maybe Sonny needs a few bucks
to live or the rest of his life?
Then he needs to have some kind of a job.
And instead of telling the guy, like when they knew which is months ago,
now they knew that he was his three-duty-win football.
They wait until today, which is just a handful of days before the first goddamn game.
But the good news is for Sonny, because once Greg Reed, you can ask George, or you ask George Ascrimmer,
once Greg Reed makes a commitment to you, you've got to deal.
Don't you?
No.
Once he shakes your hand.
Don't you have a...
No, no, no, no.
You know, for life, when he makes a promise to you, you know, take care of him.
And I need to, when I shake your hand, you better see what's on it.
That's right.
When he shakes your hand, you better take a long look when he walks away.
There's just all over your hand. There's something.
Some slimy slippery substance, you know what I'm talking about?
That's Greg.
But Greg Reed, WQM General Manager and Port Owner, said Wednesday, he's interested in pursuing you,
right? After the school's contract with WINZ, expires after the 1998-99 school year.
This coming season.
Reed also said he'd consider hiring Sonny Hersch to call you M. Gaines and expect to hire her
soon to give sports updates on the station.
All right, let's have Sonny Hersch back on here on QAM.
That'll be the third time I heard that whiffer staffer at the Yeldian this morning talking about stuff he has no idea what he's talking about as usual.
Because he was born what 10 minutes ago. I mean, his kid is like an embryo.
I came to town in March in 1976, WKT, where Sonny Hersch was in sports directed.
So this will be the third time I worked with Sonny.
We wore them over to IOD where he was, we called him the laziest white man on the face of either.
Or was that when he recalled him that? But he's a good guy. Love Sonny, great guy.
He used to sit around, smooth with Cheryl up there in the morning.
And then once in a while, he'd chew up on time when he was ready for the sports, remember that?
And then of course, he'd love to take all of our car, all the carts that were the sports carts and put a big S on there.
Now, did the S stand for Sonny? Did Stan for his sports or in Stan for something else that starts with a S?
But in any way, it was a little message there like don't mess with my sports carts.
And if you ran out of carts, which we were always doing because we had billions of carts in those days before the ECS,
before the computer days, if you ran out of carts and actually had the audacity to go into Sonny's little booth there and borrow a sports cart to use,
it would disappear over the vanishing old time because it had the magic S on there.
Maybe that was for Superman. Super, super juice. I don't know what it was.
But he's a good guy and he treated him horrendously.
I mean way above, I've seen people scoot over in his business believe me for 30 years now.
But this is so far above and beyond a call of duty like you had never believed in your life.
And I think it is absolutely reprehensible. You people at the U of M, your bunch of assholes, you people at Pure Channel,
the biggest assholes on the face of the earth, you and the Paxing people.
I mean, how much hootsbar, how much energy, how much effort, how many balls would it have taken to us?
Even just send him a note, you don't have to face him if he can't look at his push and tell him, guess what Sonny?
You're out. Like Tom Hagen in the Godfather. You're out Tom.
That's all. Victor brought Michael Croyloni back for one, one short meeting.
You're out, Sonny. Like that with a thumb. You're out. Like an umpire.
He to got the message. He just said, oh, okay. And I would have been the end of that.
And then he would have come over here and done some sports updates. We got all these old guys hanging out here like Ken Maldon.
Another great guy. I don't ever see him because he's over the other building. We're not there. Thank God.
Ken Maldon, you know, this game dog cracker, Ken O'Cub, they closed down. Ken's got to have a job.
So we hire him here on QA. I'm doing sports updates. All right. Let's hear it from my good friend Ken Maldon.
Oh God. Can't understand the word he says on the air, but he's a good guy. What?
Well, he sounds like he's got a sock over his push, but he's a great guy.
You know what? He is. He is a good guy. He's a tremendous guy. Ken Maldon is a, you won't find a nicer person in this town than Ken Maldon.
So I don't know if we're over. Well, he maybe is using the wrong kind of mic.
And Sonny, he's a great guy too. It'll be great having Sonny over here doing those updates, huh?
And the dude, Lord, huh? He's great. We're talking about good people who paid their dues.
They made their bones while you were still dating cheerleaders. You know what I'm talking about?
That's right. That's what Mowgreens said. Look what it did for him.
By the way, I've changed barbershops if I were to late. But at any rate, so we're going to have Sonny over here.
We're going to have Josie Gackey over here. That's what we're going to do. We're going to get all the guys here.
Everybody in town, jump it on the back, separate David J. Neill at the arrow because we can't stand him.
And he makes us sick or stomachs.
What the hell am I worked up about? Okay, we keep in our eye on this. You watch CNN in there.
I'm watching CNBC because you've got no investments anyway. Markets, those, oh, it's a bed.
Ha, ha, ha. The cows only down 170 points. What are you worried about?
And then Azdaq's only down 45 and a half. What the hell is the big stimulus with that?
We have to have just a minor correction here before we go into the gigantic plunge.
Just a little minor correction and all these talking assholes come on here one after another.
Thank God if you have no money. Seriously, kiss the ground if you're broke. If you haven't got five cents to rub on your other thing.
Be very happy because money is power, but money is also trouble.
Just ask Wayne, he'll tell you. Here's a guy that's worth $1.7 billion. He can't, he don't know what else going on.
They're even buying that republic stock back now because it's so worthless trying to con somebody else into buying it.
And that thing's done like 17 and something and dropping like a rock.
And we're all really upset for Wayne. Aren't we? Because what goes around comes around sweetheart, Baldi.
He's going to be on there. He's going to be on there any minute. What this, was it 10.45?
Are they saying on air? Is he, uh, see, uh, what, uh, what was CNN? Are they on top of it? Are they in between it?
He's going to be speaking, baby, and we'll have it. We're going to be hanging on every goddamn word, okay?
Because this could be a, you know, the Russian, Russia is history. It's out finished.
You got Russian stocks just to be nice. No, there you go. Just put it in your mouth. Don't make a mess.
That's right. No, right. Like Conan. It is right in the push because Russian stocks at this point are basically worth nothing like some of the paychecks that come out of a whammy.
Oh, yeah, we got another whammy story. By the way, I did get my check finally signed after went to rob and went to David went to hear, but I beat that by the way, David, you're a great guy.
I love you, but I'm not doing too many important things going on in the world. Much more important than the goddamn dolphins.
Okay, I better calm down. Let's take a caller to here and we'll monitor this thing and see when a president's going to be speaking.
I'll keep you up to date on this damn Wall Street thing until you just until you're ready to blow your brains out.
Then you're ready to shoot a bullet right through the damn TV screen right through Ron and Santa's push.
Okay, where we going? Here's a mobile in a behind the beach. Hello.
God damn, it took so long. Yeah, we're going to hopefully 20 minutes.
Yeah, we kept out of trouble. What do you want? What's that? It's a matter with you.
It's so important with you, asshole. What do you got? What do you want?
Talk about Craig Eric. He's stuck. He's stuck.
You know, I get out of here. This guy, I, you are the guys out here for a half an hour. He's got no material.
And so we start talking about Craig Eric. He's got the best complexion he ever saw. Is that what this guy said?
Okay, here's the sunrise. Hello.
Good morning. Good morning. How are you?
I just talked to you about the time.
You know how you eject the rerun at nine o'clock?
Yeah. It's been him in the ass last night.
I caught the tail end of the story at the seven o'clock show. I tuned in at nine to see it again.
Yeah. The sound was all messed up. They were playing like, uh, let's run hurricane reports from CNN over the news.
Over the picture. Great.
In the middle of the show, they run a spot and they run a different newscast.
An old show, which they then repeated at 1230.
All right. So they were playing yesterday's news.
Are those way people getting on top of the situation or what?
Telling it. One thing I got to tell you about missing in TV guys.
Show called ours on HBO about prison. Yeah.
There's an office. A sex offender who's a priest.
Ready for release.
Yeah, release somewhere. They didn't say what kind of release.
There's no fact in the church.
I think they're talking about Gord's word. That kind of release.
Yeah, that's it. I'm out of it.
Okay. Thanks for the good news.
Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60 all the data is open. One and Broward.
Home 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Maybe we'll get some real financial experts to call in here today.
You know what I'm talking about?
They're all experts. All the guys that work for Sherson and they work for a
Mural Lynch and they work for this one. They're all experts.
Like the guy that was sending all that propaganda over and over again kept calling you.
They want to handle my portfolio. I'll handle it myself. Okay.
Well, it's quite frankly. I know your intentions are of the very best.
And a lot of these people got to have their financial advisors.
Nobody knows nothing. They're all experts, baby. They don't know crap.
They don't know. They're asked from your elbow.
That's right.
Twenty two to eleven at five sixty WQM and a half not too bad on a scale of the ten thousand.
Better than the Russians are doing. Let's hear it.
Let's all have a big smile on our face. We're better off than the Russians.
You're sluckers out there. They're like a homeless.
They're on a sweet corner with a tin cup.
Look in your cup right now. You'll find more in here than in the average Russians got in the bank.
Because whatever he's got in the bank, it's worth.
No, it's worth.
Next door to it.
Hey, you know, Trump isn't going to be speaking now. Are you watching the CNN?
You running out of the open?
What's going on?
They're talking about the Hurricanes.
They're talking about Huracorns.
They can't block the damn Huracorns.
The market's down 163 points.
That's down 43 and that's where I got a whole big package in here.
Anybody out there got a big packet?
And it's from Tintonin's originality.
And Patrick Tintonin, or his sister, they are in Austin, Texas.
There's a royal listener with contact in this industry.
I said I was spaghetti sauce because this man loves good food.
And he's a former taco fired from some of the better states around the country.
KSDK on West WWL.
It said when saw.
He got, he said I got tired of getting canned.
And about 10 years ago started making my family recipe, selling the sausage with the stores.
I sure kind of a public contact.
That's after searching for a high quality, great tasting sauce to add to this section.
And the food business is a big break.
Public says over 500 stores are real publicly operation.
Yes, they do, Patrick.
So we're in and we're selling fine.
And we are the most expensive one.
There are 392.9 miliquets in the jar.
It said them in Taiwan.
Moms spaghetti sauce with big chunks of garlic, lots of fresh basil, as well as the public.
And they also have, oh here's the spaghetti sauce, do you like their taste?
Oh, geez.
Oh man, you better make a mess all over the place.
Let me smell it first.
Mmm, man.
That's a tan.
You can smell the grease.
You know it's real a tan.
And if you can smell the grease.
Yeah.
And they're screaming next door by the way.
If Lee Cutler and his salesholds don't stop screaming in the next room.
I'm going to sit here and just dummy up.
But they don't stop screaming in the next guy's room with our paper thin walls.
I want silence over there.
Okay.
You ask, hold.
So anyway, also they send us in Tony's sauce, um, we are.
And where's the night of Sandy?
So I'm going to take that as soon as Jeff Cohen brings in that little bit of food that he brought today.
I'll take that one.
You know just the real story on it.
Here's a growth test fast by the way.
I thought it said the president was speaking at 1045.
It looked like it's 1045.
Here's the fast from one.
It says I heard some veiled reference to this.
It's more and more than a word on a morning show.
Did you hear who might be on the cancer TV broadcast?
Here in the iterate that Goldie does not belong on radio.
And certainly don't belong on TV.
He shouldn't even be allowed to say good morning on radio or television.
Evidently he a five-rate TV job on the panther game.
Goldie.
Oh my gosh.
I bet you remember what was his name.
Right here's that.
This rumor knows what a little puttwacker that Goldie is.
He know what nothing to do with him.
Believe you may.
Even to any potfander what nothing to do with that little Goldie.
Who's definitely but a professional little ass sucker.
God almighty.
Don't have enough ass suckers on those broadcasts already.
Get him out of there.
Jesus, Goldie.
Those to show you all you punks out there that can't even speak that sound like scratch and fingernails on a blackboard.
Don't give up.
Don't give up because even if he can't speak you got a shot at it.
Look at that kid at Lenny.
What's his name?
That we got doing those tags on the spot.
Mark Ked.
See.
But what is that?
It looks like he's trying to drive the bone.
Marcello one.
Marcello.
Marcello.
Not Marcello.
And this is a guy.
This is Jeff Cohen from the pizza lot by the way bringing him Marcello sauce.
You're supposed to be an Italian Jew.
What the hell is wrong with you?
What would really be good?
You see this nice, mom's spaghetti sauce that they said?
Take a take a way for that.
Now as a matter of fact let me have a little shake this.
Jeff Cohen by the way is going to Algolthene party in New York.
It's the way away.
Let's taste that salsa.
Mmm.
Oh my god.
Or I can take a little bit of this too.
Now let's begin.
Oh man is that salsa hot?
Holy tamale baby.
Woo!
Good god almighty.
Look out.
Oh jeez.
That is the hottest goddamn salsa grape.
But a little bit too hot for me right now while I'm on here.
Get out of here.
This man is poshking around my life.
I got a goddamn.
Are we doing a radio show today?
No.
The market's in the toilet.
The president's speaking.
We can't find out when or where.
Bobby Holler's talking about Hitler was a good guy but just went a little bit too far.
And this?
Oh.
Now we're talking perfect on.
Oh that is good stuff.
They'll be using that pretty soon at what?
Got basil and big chunks of garlic in it.
And I bet they would read.
This is a dried up crap you brought me here.
They said if this is garbage.
My dog wouldn't eat this.
This is pasta from a month ago.
Now jeez.
Oh god.
Try what?
What do you mean by that?
Marcella.
Not Marcella.
How long you've been in a restaurant business 80 years?
And you came from...
And would you get out of the way for my clock there please in the TV set?
You think that was big?
We had a bloodless cool in this building this morning.
I mean I enjoyed having Nick and Mike from Nick's regards because they brought me some great cigars in here.
I didn't need to see them necessarily but they brought some great cigars.
But I mean you.
Bring them.
Oh, God.
Man is up there.
So anyway.
Run.
12 minutes before.
Oh look at that.
Just munged a little bit on my my my my my hero article here too about the post office.
Open lines in date 5 6 7 0 5 60 pond 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
This place is like a circus today man.
It's like a zoo in here.
There's screaming in a sales office.
I got you.
Cool and running around over here with that stuff was I'm embarrassed that you brought that to me.
Why don't you go back to the joint and make some good food and feed these people here?
Don't be bringing me leftovers from some damn bunch of old banana.
Both people you just catered.
Yeah, Peche de Crabi.
That's what he fed them over there.
A bunch of crappy old fish.
Probably a bottom feeders.
Somebody said he was at the state of the smur.
Oh, he was on Zeta.
Horing over there with a clear channel people.
Okay.
That's it for Jeff Cohen.
You better redeem yourself.
You better give Pizzy right now.
No, seriously.
I want some good pasta.
In fact, here's the deal.
Take this can of sauce.
Take this jar.
This is excellent.
Take it back over there by your final.
I know your sauce is great, but that would be a great idea and make me up some nice pasta.
Over some nice spaghetti, which is not any addkins, but a little bit is good.
Not a ton, not like you usually do.
There you go.
Fine, great.
Get out of here.
Have a nice life.
Peetzelov, Jeff Cohen, Jeff Cohen, Peetzelov.
You got a lot of free plugs.
He was on Zeta this morning.
Oh, my God.
That would have Paul Castronova rip off, artist.
Was it?
He was on here with Castronova.
Oh, my God.
Shame on you.
I'm not speaking to him until he brings the food back.
Okay, Dave County, are we going to have any calls in Dave County besides stupid little Julio's
rest of this week or not?
Are we?
No.
5667-0560, Tom 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Had that incredible Marlon game last night.
McGuire hit number 54.
Sammy hits number 52.
We got all kind of where a Russian's going to hell in a hand basket.
The economy, the market is dropping like a rock and these people in data like that.
They got a big in men's so in their place they had nothing to say.
They have really during these dog days of the summer,
Browards held up to their end of the bargain.
Dave County really sucked a big one.
That's why everybody's moving out of Dave County.
I'll take that right now because Dave County blows big time.
Almost as bad as the post office.
Are they having a grab ass party out here in the hall or what?
They're having a grab ass party out there.
Why aren't we involved?
Huh?
Maybe David and I can work out a little deal so I can promote that stand-up thing.
Is the lead down thing he's doing?
Here's a mobile and little Havana.
Hello?
What's going on, buddy?
Are you doing, sir?
I don't know if you saw CNN last night they had a page warning for it on Mark McGuire.
No.
But they were saying that he gave over $2 million for abused children.
Right.
They knew it.
Right.
They made a little blur about it and they don't even mention it.
And all they want to talk about is this bull crap with...
Yeah, the stuff that you buy in a health food store over the counter.
And you know, Deepo's on there two days ago.
Billy ain't even about, oh, the kids are so bad for the kids.
It's a bad role model.
They're going to go out and try to bulk up with this crap.
In the meantime, the kids finally got somebody like Babe Ruth that they can admire.
They finally got a hero who's a hell of a good guy.
He gives tons of cheerity.
Never stole a freight train that we know of.
And instead of letting everybody enjoy this, we've got to find...
We always have to find something in America to rip somebody apart.
Whether it's Clinton School and around or Mark McGuire took a substance that we don't like too much.
Whenever the hell it is, let's always bring everybody down.
That's the American way now.
We think you've got these guys warm moon and all these other guys feeding up their wires.
Right.
Mark McGuire and Coss.
Mark McGuire and Coss.
All these other jocks that have been had my...
Done drugs, 88 Steve Howe and Daryl Strawberry and Doc Gooden that have been busted for drugs 50 million times.
But as long as they can still play, they keep getting a 15th and a 20th chance.
And here's a guy that's phenomenal.
That's bringing more excitement to baseball than it's had in the Zidian years.
And we got a bunch of negative assholes out there.
You got that right, Neil.
Have a great day, Phil.
All right, but...
See ya.
Yeah, everybody's got to be brought down to their knees.
That's the American fucking way.
You've got it, sweetheart.
We have it open.
No, it is.
That's the way it is.
Just like the Clinton stuff.
He's doing a great job.
Everything was cooking right along.
Everybody's pretty happy with him.
Now let's just drag him down.
Let's disgrace him and embarrass him and humiliate him.
And let's just bring everything down to the lowest possible common denominator, okay?
Can't we keep this country on a more intellectual level?
Seriously, can't we...
Get along?
We have an open line in the Broward 56670560,
Pond 560 on the AT&T line.
We need some financial advice here today.
I'm talking about right now.
What's the story with this Clinton thing?
Maybe I had the wrong time.
I don't know.
They kept flushing the podium like they're waiting for him.
He was flashing it on the podium.
Oh my God.
Oh, gee. He does have a problem.
You know what?
The person that is flashing it on the podium.
And they much to look at is what I'm hearing.
Remember that Brad Pitt thing on the internet?
We all saw that.
It was like a little...
It was like a Wonder Woman.
Remember that, that Brad Pitt...
Oh, I like that, like my little finger.
That was Brad Pitt.
Man, oh man.
Now when they asked the question, what's in the box,
we know the answer, not too much.
Okay, let's go to a vocal.
Hey, Neil, you were talking about...
I don't want to say I'm panicky.
The market's down 182 and the Nasdaq almost 50.
Well, I don't have any advice for you,
but I've got a funny mind that works for Merrill Lynch
for the broker.
And he called me...
Does he know anything?
Well, that's what I want to tell you.
He called me one day.
This is a wild back.
But he called me up and he goes,
man, I want you to listen to this back that just came
across, you know, as a memo.
And he read it to me.
And this is the fact.
I'm not making this up.
I'm not making this up.
I'm not, I know what it said.
That's my funny.
Yeah.
Now what it said is...
And you're going to know this, but I mean,
I just would love for people to hear this.
It said, you are not a financial planner.
You are not an analyst.
You are a salesman.
Your job is to sell what they have
and buy what they don't have.
Right.
Specifically.
That's what they're given there, people.
So, you know...
Yeah, so it's a lot of BS.
They just want you to go out and buy.
They don't want to...
That's it.
They want you to do a transaction so they can get a piece.
Exactly.
So, I mean, if you have the ability to make some of your own decisions...
I'm doing it.
I'm not listening to anybody else.
I've bought it at Dan Hilton's stock,
based on all these newsletters, these experts.
Everybody was pushing Hilton, Hilton, Hilton.
I bought it 32 and 8th.
Right now it's like 22 and 3 quarters.
It's down 10 bucks a share, dropping like a rock.
And I'm stuck with it until a miracle happens.
I tell you a great stock.
It may have reached its peak, but the Home Depot stock.
I don't know if you have it.
That's right.
It's a great stock.
Home Depot and office depot, by the way, is a great stock too.
Sensational.
All right.
It's a stock advice like my good friend, or Rick Ryle.
Have a great day pal.
Thank you.
Okay, and don't take any wooden nickels from all these experts.
And all you got to do is watch the NBC,
even if you don't have any investments.
Just you want to get a real good grip on what this is all about.
And they bring on a half a dozen people,
and they got their Brooks Brothers suits,
and they all got big titles,
and they're with big fancy companies,
and they're all experts in their field.
And they tell you ten different things.
So, by the end of the day, a bear or bull,
I think it's a lot of bull, what it is.
And by the way, it's either bear or bull.
But it's all a lot of is what it is.
They don't know what they're talking about,
and they knew so much.
They wouldn't be wasting their time there on TV.
They wouldn't be peddling newsletters.
People that sell newsletters are people that, you know,
try to get your money.
That's what it's all,
and then after you buy the newsletter,
then they got 20 other,
then they got a mutual fund newsletter,
and a bomb newsletter.
They got 20 other newsletters.
It's a pyramid deal.
That they want you to be a sucker,
because that's where they're making their money.
They probably never bought a stock.
They were up in eighth of a point, these assholes.
Oh, yeah, you better get that Hilton thing, man.
It's hotter in a pistol.
Yeah, right.
I'd rather have that damn Acuban cigar in the back
that the Acuban bullet is worth more
than that Hilton stock right now.
10.56.
Let's get a hold of that Lewis Ruqizer.
Come on, here you go, Louis.
Four minutes till...
You're 5.60 Q.A.M.
The Neil Roger Show, now on 5.60 WQAM.
Miami Fort Lauderdale.
America loves to watch boobs and butts in bointing.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen,
and this is Walter Crack-type.
This year, at Albany Law School,
Henry Kissinger will be giving the commencement address.
Here now are some things that you will never hear.
Mr. Kissinger said,
You called this crack?
How much for the hairless boy?
That is too much for the rodeo tickets.
You'll have the video, hot Johnny, of the Yam shoot.
Yes, baby.
I am hungry like Florida.
Does my ass look fat in distress?
Who's your daddy?
I am hungry.
Anybody feel like chinks?
She went down on me like she was throwning.
And my balls contained oxygen.
All right, it's level 1 at 5.60.
Thanks, Hank.
5.60 WQAM.
Our Hank Hank Goldberg from the Crystal Palace,
casino at the Bahamas to the Sixtus F,
known including the Jimmy Johnson Show from 5.60.
We have an open line in day two and powered,
5.607.05.60,
05.60 on the mobile line.
So the bad news is the president will not be talking about Monica.
Where is that the good news?
Well, whatever news it is, we do know that.
I have a feeling he's going to be talking about the Herkhoon up there in North Carolina.
Perhaps it's one of the things that I also have a feeling he's going to be talking about,
the fall of Russia.
The fall of Russia, all those maniacs with the nuclear weapons over there,
who ripped off all the money that the world bank had everybody else gave them,
the IMF.
And about the fact that the Russian bank's,
the Russian bank is noxious more on the first place,
nothing but a bunch of gypsies, tramps and thieves.
Maybe he'll be talking about those things.
And don't panic, okay?
Keep everybody calm.
That's what we need.
We need some firm strong leadership today to get up there until America.
I saw you falling.
Here's Miami. Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
You know how they found out about McGuire thinking that a...
Yeah, reporter walked by his locker while he was taking a shower or something, yeah.
And he broke down all the stuff that he saw and he checked them out later.
Right.
Oh, that's real, Mike.
Isn't that great?
There's guy snooping around, sticking his nose in there,
right now what the names of the bottles are looking for a problem.
We've got all these great reporters looking to find something on this guy
because they just can't stand the fact he's doing so great.
I don't know if you said you were the track,
but you missed Channel 7 news yesterday.
I heard about it.
It was better than any comedy program I'm screening here.
About there, people getting blown away into the ocean up there in Rich Stance's
wouldn't let him go.
I heard the girl here.
No, and the girl is talking and going up for like 10 minutes about how the hurricane is
this and the guy...
And the English guy is standing there holding the microphone while she's talking.
And I'm sure his mind is going...
You know, grabbing up and fucking get out of here.
Yeah, give me the...
Howdy, her, yeah.
You know, and they kept talking and they kept telling...
Rich comes out with the best question.
Tell us, how does it feel?
And the guys...
You can see the salt spray in the water hitting the water.
How does it feel to be getting sucked into the ocean and going to be drowning any second now
in the middle of this 150 mile an hour thing.
And then they cut the...
The poor guy gets blown over so they cut the Patrick Frazier.
Patrick Frazier goes...
How is there?
And he goes, oh, little water never heard anybody.
There you go.
I say that you dump 500 gallons on Sanchez right on the set tonight.
The funniest thing since the Mavic.
Okay, pal.
I'll read it there, Chi.
Funniest thing since Sally Fitz said...
We have two open lives and they'd won in Broward waiting for El Presidente who's going to be speaking.
And we certainly will stick that on.
And unless he starts pouring us...
5, 6, 7...
Well, one, if it's not interesting, we're not going to carry it.
We want something spicy here today, almost like that salsa that I had.
Boy, wait till you taste that.
When you get a taste of that stuff, you know, tear your kishkis out.
Wow!
That is really hot.
That's for real men, which leaves me off.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Yes, um, this is my...
My grandma's wife's wife.
I mean,
The problem with this country is that people have their heads so far out their eyes.
They don't even know what they're thinking anymore.
That's the American f***ing way.
Exactly, exactly.
That's the America's, you know, way.
And the thing is, nothing's good can come out of it.
You know, we cannot have anything good anymore.
Right.
It's just that everything's painting out.
Uh-huh.
You know?
We have to find a blemish on everybody.
And of course, there's nobody who's perfect.
I'm sure, you know, he's got a bad complexion.
How come they're not talking about why he had all those zits on his neck?
You know, maybe he did something grotesque and horrible when he was a teenager.
Who knows what the reason is he's got zits?
They'll find something no matter what it is.
There is nobody ever satisfied with anything or anybody.
And it's this crazy media again.
Am I right?
The media.
They don't want to sell all this things.
They need something to feed on.
That's right.
They really need something to feed on.
And this is how they're in the country stuff.
You know, I just...
The media is sick.
I need help.
Hey, man, you say it, Tammy.
You're good, though.
Have a great day, Palli's right.
This country needs a god damn very unenema and immediately if not sooner.
We have two open lines in date.
We have one in Broward.
This audience needs a lot of time out there.
They're not here.
What do you want?
But I'm trying to goose them a little bit.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, yer Sir because Mark Guaz take me a drug, does it mean no?
wonder for me would
eat
one in Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one
line we're getting some real good sound financial advice here today yeah the
guy that called before that was the best call this friend who works for
Merrill Lynn said he got the memo saying you're just a bunch of sales holes
okay you're not consultants you're not advisors you're there to get people to
sell and buy and buy it's because we get a piece that's all we care about we
just want our peace just like the president everybody wants a piece what's
wrong with that but as far as expert advice and financial advisors they can
pull out their ass I say just stick it all under your brand new mattress from
dial amateurs that's why you need a big mattress a big gigantic comfortable
mattress where you can stick all your money in there underneath and just
padlock the doors and get a lot of canned goods hey there you go that's right
that's a way to do it that's the American way let's go to Miami hello Miami
yeah hello yes sir yeah I knew I just wanted to know
oh Miami hello okay thank you here's North Miami hello
yes sir that was quick uh-huh well we got a bunch of butt plugs here today it's
all we got for the stock market goes it's a crap you but the least of the
store yeah now's a good time to buy no it's not why why is not that's the
most stupid thing I've ever heard in my life here to respect now it's not the
time to buy if you if you if you sir listen to me would you listen to me carefully
yes sir now is the time to have lots of cash accumulate lots of cash so when the
market bottoms out which it's a long way from doing now I believe that's the
time to buy not on the way down not on the way down in other words you're
saying that if a stock like a big day is not going to be an example buy it now and
then we get down to 50 times a cell yeah Disney's taking it up right now
with everybody I mean let me tell you something I bought Disney Xerox down
five in a fraction today how do you like that they're all gonna drop they're all
looking every every stock that's coming up on the board here is then a
N.O. Krapper you're all gonna go into the Krabber Boy I'm saying a stock that
traditionally have gone up I was using Disney's example I don't I'm just
saying like a few weeks ago it did a six four one split it was up to 110 yeah at
some point again that will happen again how do you know that well because it
shows it's historical it shows six times it split but let's just say you pick it
up on a Mickey goes on strike Mickey let me tell you something I made a mistake
ago up there a couple weeks ago that place is when you got to pay these people
got to pay three hundred fifty bucks a night for a hotel room and it I mean just
think about that every day it's packed the market's going to people there 90 bucks
to go to a freaking theme park yeah air I mean every day every theme park is filled
don't you understand sir that's the American way don't you get a look at that
okay well listen I hope you have a great life together he wants to buy Disney
not today yeah buy right now when the market's on a verge of a major collapse that's
a good time to buy excellent you buy and I'll sell here you want to buy some we
have two open lines and day one and Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the mobile one line boy this speech that was got maybe I saw the wrong
time on there maybe it's eleven forty five maybe we were central daylight time
maybe was maybe I just imagined it maybe you thought you saw podium if you're
five sixty two eight out I don't give a shit that many drivers are nuts don't turn
your back she'll smother you to death as junk you sack that's even got a time
rent for his life he dated her one time she thought she was this why she wears
your clothes when you're gone what did you sleep do you think it's casual but her
feelings are being that many drivers are nuts but what a fun okay eleven thirteen
at five sixty wq I'll give you one good reason to hear something uplifting for you
that we can all be thankful for get on your knees and thank the Lord because guess who
we don't hear anymore about lately in a long time give me give you 400 guesses and it
makes me very pleased that we hear no more about about Leo all right who exactly yesterday's
mashed potatoes when all those young ladies woke up one day and finally came to their
senses and they said he looks like a scrawny little faggot to me and everybody said
oh okay let's move out of somebody else here's a call from molloxahatchee hello
deal yes sir okay I'm all week long I've been driving in my mail truck and I've been
listening to you and most carriers listen to you all week long and full redo big story
in the paper in a heralded a by the way about this movie this TV movie that's coming
out right trying to make the post office look good the inspectors during luca
said junior okay well the band part is where it's not thought it's a top what what's
going on with your mail it's not the carrier we're out there a trickle of mail yesterday
about four or five more pieces not anything to a study of just trickling in mail it's not
the carrier we're out there from 10 a.m. like you say in 150 degree temperature in the shade
so six o'clock at night yeah your problem is five small women sitting at the computer
when the mail comes across they type in the wrong numbers they come to us we have to return it
back to them again that was that was that small or smooth oh small they sit there five women with
a chilly dog in one hand and you're a letter in the other hand yeah they said that's what all
that smudges on my mail yeah they got a chilly dog on here I wonder what that was smell kind of good
the carriers are out there doing the job if you see us one day sitting underneath a tree
taking ten minutes to shade down here in South Florida with no air conditioner also looks a little
like chilly dog but anyway give us a slight break the carrier's due to a job so what's the answer
so what are we do we just sit back and we grin and pirat but Neil you're also in an area with a
higher from within what what do you mean by that look at the people that you got the higher from
up here in Palm Bay yeah you tell me that the people that are delivering my mail lately and
my neighborhood live in my in my area let me tell you right now no way no way Jose Neil
up your head to fall just move yeah I don't want to sound like Bobby Hall but if
I stir roll and the Gonsamershbachas they're moving into our neighborhood that's the end of our
good times I'll think that right now it's not your carrier so Neil it's the people we have a
full of dark-conflicted folks in the area and it's very good we got a quota we don't want too many
and just just nice the way it is now we don't want no you know millions that we don't want this
gigantic influx all of a sudden Neil you have around your area is all immigrant and that's
who they are in plantation acres up here in bulker it's all white Brooklyn boys yeah we're all trained
we're all intelligent we all have high school degrees down there you have nothing
yet well I'm gonna stop the mail truck when it comes to Saf noon even though they don't
delivered my thing I'm gonna stop them out there in the street and check their green card
don't blame the carrier please you know can I call somebody douchebag yeah
Steve Otto you're a douchebag okay good story pal we don't believe it okay we have two
open lines in day five it's always somebody else's fault is they can't that anybody stand up and take
the blame for anything we always have to blame somebody else that's the American
fucking way two open lines in day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
mobile one line I still don't see I'll present that the up there and I must have had the wrong time
on that thing I must overreacted but you said they showed the podium on CNN yeah with all the
little chairs behind it but nobody there but there was nobody there yet well he's busy right now
he's he's busy he's got to have a little bit of release before he goes out towards
court and the pressure all the crap that he's got to put up with lately he's got to have a little
bit of release and we know Hillary ain't gonna give it to him that's what he said where the hell's
that article what we don't have to go back in that again although it was very entertaining here's
Oakland Park hello Oakland Park Neil this is Joe yes Joe a long time listener first time
caller all right but you happen to hear that we report this morning on the morning team
on worst answer trade about what about the Panther Trade what Panther Trade there isn't any
Panther Trade well that's the way a gardener retired yeah go ahead they uh they made a
trade for pot man no they didn't well then it was a bad reporter who soon said they made a
trade for pot man they didn't make that trade they were talking about the trade that might happen
they haven't made any trade for pot well after they said this morning that it's a done deal yeah
according to whom for uh need a Meyer and a defenseman right Warner right Warner
right Warner that's it so they didn't say that they had done they said that that's what they're
talking about that's what the leaves one that deal hasn't been made don't you think that I would
know that by now that somebody uh I know might call me at this point and say it's a done deal
well that's what uh Goldie said he said it's a done deal
yep sir that's what he said he said it's it's a done deal but um but I don't know
there we go another sports expert there's uh they're right there is the definitive QM sports
list during caller right there I rest my case we have an open line and Broward all of
the data is vanished again it's very spotty here today looks like Monica's dress 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on a mobile one line we're just killing some time to the president get something oh
here's the news flash now falls more than 240 points wow and then asdaq's down 65
what did I tell you this morning I want to get everybody depressed especially since most you don't
have more than like four shares of stock and by the way those of you who have those retirement
plans you know those uh Iris oh yeah anyway I'm not don't get people nervous okay you're we're
supposed to be here to give them a few good laughs okay come on let's let's chuckle while our money
here goes up in flames in fact when you go to the bank I don't want to get nervous but instead of
giving you dollars when you cash your checks at the bank now they are going to be giving you rubles
don't get nervous where we going let's go to uh Pemberpine cello that is if your check is signed
in the bottom right hand corner Pemberpine cello hello Neil how are you okay sir I just want to say
that your last caller about the trade is is a complete moron of course he is there no trade in me
anything of the kind you said that they're among us in Vancouver they were talking about
near a buyer right right I need to learn how to listen and also to read a newspaper it's in
there this morning anybody I know that there's no done deal and I think it's probably unlikely I'm
hoping we get pot band but I don't think we will in fact maybe we can trade Denise pot band
Felix pot band there would be a blessing that would be great for us have a great day and thanks
for the good news yeah all you these sports nerds they get on there blah blah blah blah you're talking
trash these guys don't know who to help Bobby Hall even was which is the saddest part all these great
hockey fans we got down here what do we got about 10 people down here that really know anything
about hockey less and guilty ain't one of them by the way all he knows how to do is purse his lips
Stephanie you better watch it here on now whammy because do we got a real professional lip
sky over here two open lines and day one and Howard five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on a mobile one line pump an OB chill out okay very well said sir excellent keep that day we got
a put a little blief in that he said that yeah he got a degree from high school we need more
educated he got a degree from elementary school yet our male our litter carrier they're called
before yeah excellent job sir thank you so much you just can't say that anymore in a course
after we have this tremendous crisis that's come up you won't be able to take but also get a lot
of toilet paper now is the time to head for the store this has got nothing to do with hurricanes
this has to do of course with the impending crisis I'd run to the store get a lot of canned goods
I buy lots and lots of toilet paper lots and lots and lots because that private toilet paper
starts going up real bad just start doing like those old Cubans doing reaching back into box
and recycling over again using it over and over and over and hey listen that's called being
thrifty when you say that because you were always telling me about the old cube they don't save it
what are they doing a big throw it away they just don't think that you can flush it over here
because the plumbing in the old world yeah well guess what we're not in the old world mister oh
when it out flush it out oh god so they throw it in a box in a waste back
what do they do like it kind of like a litter box they put it like next to the kitchen and next to
the dining room and they're eating dinner huh no wonder there's such a snotty move oh yeah there
was a big headline they finally had this thing at the convention center last night these Cuban
artists performed without a demonstration and it was like a headline in the news okay here's a bullet
we finally had a thing here in this town with some performers and we finally didn't have a
demonstration people in radio mom being must have been out to lunch all day or something like that
because no matter what a radio mom being tells these assholes to do those 400 old old
parts they're running out there with signs better be better move better up me or the me or the
me or the medical and medical and same old tired me or the
nominee hello what's up Neil yes sir hey the Cubans they don't recycle their toilet paper the reason
why the toilets are clogged up from the camp on the Cuban girls put in the toilet uh-huh and you
know the reason why my wife has all those cars in the back of his neck yeah all his his youth
alamos la punta del peyero okay uh-huh see I know sooner or later we get to the bottom of that
yeah you look at his neck man it's it's oh god I mean you know he's a great player but you don't
really don't want to look at him okay maybe from a distance you know he's an imposing figure from
a distance you don't want to see him up close and personal good old to mac man here's a
highly with 28 question marks hello hey Neil gobbah go yes sir yeah about that letter carrier that
cause um he's saying that he's from Brooklyn and in television number one that's not tomorrow
uh-huh and uh there are bunch of lazy guys I know guys with letter care he couldn't care less
he's sending the wrong address constantly he knows about that he don't care yeah and
why don't you ask your stop some of his route too what is it yeah about all these
old Cuban bitching about Cuba they got to remember they're the ones who put for the
own power and they don't want to haul that over here after uh you know that's right you know and
then we've got to live with it our generation but there's the cause of our problem hey by the
way they don't know that we're sending them all back the end of the year exactly later you okay see
that was a great call you had question marks on there just because you're suspicious but
he doesn't only other sounds like highly they all sound the same like that guy that's always
going to kept he with the public and running into old ladies with their fish food I was in the
middle of lunch or something yesterday paying no attention to the only reason that he got on again
and like about two thirds of the way through that stupid surrender oh not this asshole again evidently
his boyfriend's hand must have got tired for a few minutes we have an open-line or mouth open-line
and date one and brownered five six seven oh five sixty pound five sir or maybe his boyfriend's
breakfast don't get so about it pal just don't talk to us again we're sick here here's a mobile
in Liberty City hello this is sunny her today I have no idea where I'm going to be this fall I
kneel yes sir you know I have I how you doing sunny hi meal how do you like the way they treat
it sunny her shot me you've been saying this ever since you've been on the air in this town that's
the broadcasting business yeah but I've never seen anything like this I mean this guy's been doing
you and brought a sports game since before Jesus was a baby and there's nothing you can do
right right you've got under contract but don't so don't you have the decency just to either send
them a note under his door if you're too much of a coward to tell him to his face say thanks but no
thanks and thank you for all your great work but we're going to decide to move it in one
other direction and they keep stringing this guy along and everybody else in the world knows he
ain't coming back except for him you can see the thing of the past right I've got two customers
that's the American fucking way right I got two customers who are Russian hyphen Jews and they live in
a one billion dollar one billion dollar homes on the beach uh-huh and they can't afford to pay me uh
does the miserable pool man their economy is so bad how do you like that oh you know what do you mean
they're kind of sir I hate to break the news to you the economy the economy isn't so bad their
economy has collapsed their economy is finito it is history it is over it is audio they come on
this morning on CNBC and they're saying the the the stock market is down to like 69 which
and dropping like a rock which means that the the Russian stocks nobody will buy them
so it might not 60 forget 69 unless it's the channel it might be zero because they're worthless
if you have Russian stocks right now they're worth nothing but on the positive meal uh the
Canadian the Canadian economies in the toilet which means they won't come down here the Canadian
economy is not in the toilet but their dollar is in the toilet and the frarts will not be coming
at large numbers and we already talked about that with everything's celebration about it and they
hire me to clean their pools anyway howl uia screw them meal and closing uh Tim uh the
uh Stogie smoking letter carrier don't blame management because you keep putting it in the wrong
box all right thank you that's what the president said too we have an open line don't put it in the
wrong box baby you be in big trouble open line and date one and brow we're just stalling around
here because the president may speak uh whatever it must be taken a long time this morning
or it's good we're gonna work on that thing let's get going here we got important business that we
want to hear about this all whipped up into a frenzy just they calm like me okay sell just they
calm like me don't get all worked up into a frenzy one thing i didn't get no lip for my broker
this morning over there i don't want to say where i didn't get any uh well of course she wasn't
there i talked to her secretary which is just as well then i blocked the line so i couldn't get
any phone call back what's the number where you are right now okay okay i give her the number
then i blocked the line just sell it okay and give me that cash give me some good hard green that's
what i want right now some green even if it's from the lawn even if it's just grass and distress
you can make a mess in times of this uh bushmeister that was small potatoes but Truman didn't
finish off the job with a guy named russians that's right when we still have where the only ones with
La Bomba that's when they should be should have gone over there saying hey this looks like we've got
a lot of oil over here a lot of uh gold a lot of good stuff we're allowed just kind of take over
thank you that's what patent wanted you do that's a way to do it and the same thing with the jabs
same damn thing baby oh no let's build their economy back up so uh there's stock market now going
in the toilet so our money is worthless and a russians uh stock market worth nothing and now our
market is crashing because everybody else that they're trying to to wipe us out we build them back
up again and of course the german banks that are taking 30 billion dollars in uh rectum for big
uh russian uh debt that they're never gonna see you know what we say about that all right
okay what am i talking about markets down 248 points okay in the anazdags down
70 points almost 71 that's like 350 points so anyway uh sand douche bag since we're working
feverishly jorge's and uh luane and yours truly gonna be putting together the best out for this
of all best of uh two volumes for money for center one and for you folks to get your CDs
well since sand duke can't be above and do that since of course you really don't do much of
anything uh now he's sucking around heavy duty setting us things to give away free tickets that's
what we like a promotion man they're really it's involved there you go what can we say about sand
he's an asshole yeah we know that so here's the deal we got two more paratickets isn't that a shame
we didn't have these yesterday for the guy that called no it's not for the rod Stewart concert that's
right two more two paratickets for the rod Stewart concert which you'll have to pick up by the
way insurance 3 to q a m because of the concert beyond Saturday and today is already Thursday need
list to say it's at the coralsk I am for the Saturday the 29 and it says you can either
give the q m contest line or we'll save that for the uh for the uh other tickets for the
markman guyer on marlin tickets well let me say it again what a game last night oh leave
a well did it mean anything no except the boy hitting number 54 but the rest of it was pretty
astonishing nice job by the way davel brine davel brine gets no credit at all davel brine is
outstanding nice nice job on a radio day so anyway let's so we'll give those two whoever has two
parat for rod Stewart will do the other stuff oh look at us we got six pair for the well we better
do this now too give joca stello something to do uh he's probably off the phone with his broker by
now I would think winner paratickets for the south loaded Dodge dealer what are you laughing about
winner paratickets for the south loaded Dodge dealers macatex on the by monday you know he's
going to maybe if he gets really hot again like he had that streak where he had like four and six
days it might be getting real real close to that 60 mark he's up to 54 already and you'd want to be
out there monday night okay so caller number nine right now 1-800-227-0-560 that's 1-800-227-560
here's a mobile in gainsville now come here yes sir it's trim hard yeah are you doing trim
I want to let you know they're just bad I've just recruited me for the banners all right we can
use you baby put you right there on the blue line that's a lot of property right up
I'm gonna put Terry soft truck and goal and Timmy Horton on the blue line there you go there's
sharing on a 1259 down and stop here how can I pick it up up here can't do it now you're gonna
have to get to somebody to send you videos somebody to take it for every night somebody's got no
life which is you should be no problem finding many of them there's many of those down in Dave County
right I should miss you okay have a good time pal thanks yeah yeah that's awesome
you're a good man okay okay okay okay he's on his way to where he's there already huh he's in
gainsville baby hey you know that kid those getters are they gonna have a really great running
game this year what what's the story with that huh can beat that gator meat how about those
seminals how's that Bobby Bowden how's that old yahu doing up there huh those are the important
things we should be worrying about markets down 250 points rushes collapsing they got all the
goddamn bombs you could ever want to see and then and we're worried about uh can the u.m. offensive
line blocked that's what worried about all right let's hear it for the south photo for the
mentality of these people because we got our priorities straightened out baby we know the things
that are the really important things in life that's the American way here's Orlando hello
Orlando Neil yes sir sorry I'm working uh I had to get to the phone Neil I read an article on
that little thing they're on it oh it's got a lot of things on it hey uh what's this I hear that
the the night ridders trying to bail out of the Miami Herald and sell it to a bunch of Cuban
investors it'll be the Havana Herald I mean I heard they're actually really getting to try to sell
the paper yeah oh wouldn't that be great you haven't read about that down there I don't I don't
I don't I don't they they put a Cuban American guy in it is the new editor but I didn't read that
right like David Lawrence which hired after like a hundred years thank god yeah and now they said
that uh you know they the Harold Wilson's having it's advertising revenue up to certain levels so
they were thinking of selling the paper and they said the the biggest investor we've now
looking at into it was a group of Cuban Americans well maybe we can just call an L-Herald and nobody
who speaks English will buy it we get a real newspaper in dig county well that would be you know
maybe maybe two times that go on a daily basis and you get some kind of at least counterculture
paper in there yeah instead of some kind of right no they put that out there on the counter and nobody
still picks it up but nevertheless oh well then and that's why they call it counterculture because
you pick it up on the counter it's free in the toss in the waist basket you know that you've got
radio down you're already taking over the TV waves down there start your own I'm starting my own
guide damn newspaper sir Roger's rag all right all right Neil we'll see up here okay I think I'm
on it today by the way Roger's rag well it's causing this damn stock thing you know get a little bit
antsy don't panic just be like me stay calm cool and fully packed we have two open lines in day five six
seven oh I love these cigars by the way from next to new one a whole box of these things these are
really good but don't overdo it cigars are great just don't overdo it because then your mouth will
start falling apart and give big tumors but these are peridomo number one is box it is a nice box
and it's mine okay you you don't worry about your box now we're around my goddamn box
yeah George he's doing a Brad Pitt what's in the box I'm telling you what's in the box is a whole
crap load of these beautiful little torpedo shaped peridomoes are these these are sensational
Nick and Mike told me this one is so these are the best cigars we've ever made it says
on your thing here 25 exquisite handmade cigars that's an understanding they're a little on the
dark side don't be see the color of the tobacco doesn't always necessarily mean that it's real strong
which I get a little bit nervous as I don't like them too strong when I put them in my
purse I want them to be nice and mild okay and malleable 22 before noon if I we're still waiting
for the president but he's still in there it's going to work on it and the speech too if you need
some 17.19 and of course everything is dropping like a rock which I told you earlier this morning
but you know a lot of people out there but a big fight about let me call my broker let me call my
advisor let me call you know Lewis Rukhizer okay do whatever you like let me get on a plane to
Russia I'll tell you one thing you know another we have a American dollars those of us who might
wouldn't that be a really neat place to a go to of course you wouldn't have any banks to put the money
into no can you imagine glue like a king you build a gigantic mansion with big big walls of course
to keep all those crazy people outside because they're going to be like you talk about civil unrest
that's what South America is all about slappers I know that like Caracas that drown never as long
as I live forget to drive from the airport to the city downtown for the Sheraton Caracas
and you drive through these winding mountain roads and you look and there's nothing but
zillions and zillions and zillions of shacks with tin roofs and little tv antennas on top oh yeah
they all got a tv set why you got to have a tv set I mean how the hell can you watch whammy with no
tv set it was Venezuela's they love it just that Sam Madouchebag our promotion guy but yeah they
said just rampant poverty and then at night at night you look up into the mountains and you can see
all the lights of all the zillions of homes up there and of course crawling in the looking in the
background because they come in the city at night and do a little hanky thank you well like
man for crying out loud they're going to do their thing here's a plantation hello
yes sir okay yeah I'm a short time missing a ground I want to know how to send you indoors
feedback those yes because we had a guy here that we listen to him all day and we had a guy here
that the air conditioning plays at Joe Rose well good you called Joe Rose and talk about it okay
we have an open line in brow at 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line if ever we heard a
pony set up call it it was he singing a song by the way was the guy singing or with Joe Rose singing
that call up Joe Rose and award him to talk to him about it I'll see how long you'll be on it show
markets down 330 points that's a nice even number in fact when we get to 3 3 3 that'll be
halfway to 6 6 6 all right I told you El Anticolisto is coming in fact there's a big limousine
coming into your neighborhood any minute now with El Anticolisto is driving and riding
shotgun is the truth of cover see you better watch your ass god damn it here's Jeff Cohen with some
food which better be better than that stuff I threw in a waste basket so you see I'm I actually had
a even a white all that stuff yesterday from hops which is delicious by the way but definitely not
on the atkins I mean let's get serious I went home I blood sugar was 281 281 thanks Gary Sarner you
Jackass you know that Gary Sarner he's an asshole he is the food was sensational by the way but I
just can't do that and now you're going to be eaten pasta I can have a little bit of pasta
what why are you shaking your hand let me say it again I can have that
a little okay okay I just told you what which now what was that QUE or C-H-E
here's a fort Lauderdale hello fort Lauderdale good morning when is this listen a couple of
common comments are like what am I Tina yeah I never heard so cheediotic statements from
the post-pull officials yeah and I were just curious as anybody on the policy regular you know
supermiser ever called you concerning your case oh yeah we had a stupid visor coming in everybody
and their brother too long works for the postal service and they were all blaming everybody else
it's the system it's the a supervisor it's the dog done it it's somebody else's fault
oh well then they're in the same category as these financial advisors that's absolutely correct
second comment much a BS order second comment it looks like the European markets are all going down
the drain they're all going down the drain so they're all taking a dump you don't think they're all
going down the drain do you really believe they're all going down the drain god I don't know what
what yeah it's pretty scary isn't it sir if it is yeah nice talking with it okay lock yourself in
right up I don't take any Russian rubles or wooden nickels or any Steve nickels we have it
open-lined in power five six seven oh five sixty and see the problem is that these bastards on
they won't tell us the truth you're all blue skying you know well but I've been fed up open if
you buy this and if you do that yeah right they don't know what they were talking about there
and they keep getting those real nervous uneasy looks you know on the CNBC or Joe Kernan on
there he's been working like 15 hours a how much money can those guys be making on there by the way
they've got to be making a fortune I mean even though it's you know it's a cable channel
nobody in television works eight nine ten hours a day on the air I mean it's not uninterrupted but
they're in that studio like 8 30 in the morning they'll seven o'clock at night these
guys are going to be making a fortune and I beg you they're all sticking out of their macros they're
not investing in any of this damn stupid stock oh yeah the long bond I got your long one over here okay
here's a hialia hello hialia okay nice talking to you we have it open-lined why is it that there's
so many assholes in hialia do we have any do we have an answer for that maybe it's Rahul Martinez
maybe it filters from the top down the last tank about that this afternoon over there in the
Bahamas at the crystal palace 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line here's a mobile in
western hello mobile in western going once go out twice it's too late you still air
yeah he's gone you know when I say here's a mobile in western that's probably used to
I said it 45 times and I realized this phone system blows but I can only say it so many times
you four people start saying yeah where the hell is he already including me what is it hang
up on that line you can thank you it's made with my sauce no it's made with that good sauce oh no
what what is that okay see he always over feeds he always over feeds you like my god damn mother
then you'll be visioned about I'm too fat I'm gonna die just like my mother by the way go take
her my dog will you do that good sauce hmm got big chunks of basil and garlic in it what's the name
of that again tympani T.I.M. P.O. and eat man that good stuff tympani sounds like the real
day goes to me hmm and I'm only eating the topping from the pizza to cheese and the sauce
boy putting up cheese on here by the way that's one just a way I like it thank you
yes I am enjoying there eating too are you scoring up his diet where I eat in one way yes he is
you fat piece of crap you turd burger he's eating the pizza with a crust if you would just eat
the topping get a fork and eat the topping you'll find that that's the crust is crap okay
crust is not where you were where it's at the topping is good stuff I thought I was talking about
the crust it was underwear we have an open line and date 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a prestigious
mobile one line here's a mobile in bokeh hello hey veal yes sir I know the I know the whole
country's fallen apart and everything so I'll bring things close to the homes as I haven't
focused on hockey season okay you know I read the story in the sun settles today on how Brian
Murray's gonna trade for potpins you know I'm trying to trade for trying trying to trade for potpins
now all of a sudden he's saying well you know the gold tending would be and they also haven't
even signed kevron with you I didn't realize that they've been signed this guy yet Brian Murray has
his own agenda you know it's gonna be great if we get him we got somebody to stop gold to one end
but what the hell are we gonna do about scoring gold down at the end there's other end oh you're
gonna be picking now yeah well I see I see four basic weaknesses with the pants is okay gold tending
offense defense power play those four areas I see really a week that's not just about everything
that's exactly so I guess we're gonna have another losing picket but you know they I think
they stuck to fall into the seat you know everybody buying the season tickets next year if we have
another bad year the place it'll be empty everybody can pick their own seat they can pick their seat
that's right that's what Brian said he can said you can go pick your back bones what he said
yeah well I was waiting all off season for what they were gonna do during the off season who'd we
get during the off season no but absolutely nobody nobody nobody we didn't make any move everybody
out every day in the paper you read holy but surely you know this one's making a trade that one
but while we doing absolutely anything no absolutely nothing and he had to bring
the game in college because within within a couple of days when we didn't go to arbitration before
they finally signed them because they peed in their pants when when they gave all that money to
wrecking and then the next day they gave the big contract whoever the hell was after that
the surgeon yeah well we have enough problems I'd hate to speak to have a week then uh and the
rest of them sit out during training camp when we need them in training camp to put this team together
yeah I think I think uh maybe Brian Marine needs to go to camp yeah well I know exactly the camp he
needs to go okay good luck hey Neil you got any in the wrong Stewart think it sure hang on okay take
care of that guy see you talk talkie because you figure that was an easy way to get to me and that's
right whatever the Hawaiian he's on he wants those rods Stewart tickets and we got one more pair by
the way you'll have to pick him up at the Sheridan Street studios don't go in that building too far
by the way just go right by the front receptionist and give me your name and get the tickets and get
out of there because if you think Hank exaggerates when he talks about that right and first and
bug and first and toilet they nobody in a row and and the best part of the deal is Greg Reed tried
to suckle us into working in there oh yeah well maybe we can find some room to build your studio when
they tried to back out a building this studio and go back on their word which was probably your
first for Greg Reed you know who would never go back on his word and they tried to suck oh yeah
we'll find somewhere like a little broom closet somewhere we're gonna stick you into and then of
course his big Jewish attorney Alan Portell says well we'll pay Neil a lot of money if he's got to
do the show out of a boom positive I have to get right over my dead body you big fat maniac
coxal hoist oh Alan don't know what they mean now okay where are we going let's go to a mobile in
curl springs hello okay sir I just cut off sorry I guess it was my battery but will you
hurry now yeah it's not like some of my thoughts yeah go ahead anyway I was talking about my
system back from Rottenland to the bus over there published by head turn it yeah you got cut off
yesterday just like today because it was terminally boring okay we have an open line a day one in
brown five six seven oh five six he got cut off you didn't get cut off sir I put my finger
right a button and you vanish it's called hanging up terminal boring send your sister back to
Rome have a great time a lot of good and go see the Coliseum okay and just don't tell him you're
Christian because they'll be bringing the lines out again here's a mobile in pompino
okay sir good listen if a long time my dad used to torture me when you did
hard when it was possible time yeah oh god yeah but on 27 now and now just getting my career started
looking at making a good a bit of money they were starting now I'm investing in the stock market
now I'm taking a dump I don't believe it but I got 18d stocks that I worked for them at 15%
just conquered all of that I think I have to deal with that and the public you know hey we have
oh have republic stock I had it for a while how much did you how much did you pay for it uh
26 yeah now that's what 17 yeah yeah 17 so yeah somewhere in that ballpark 17 18 it's not as bad as
my hilton stock by the way I'm down $2 a share on that 32 to 22 in a share and send a fraction
I go back to go over the track and make it up okay you do me a favor maybe put my
foot your hand on my back and pull me in the wind up before I jump and give me your ride
okay hang on okay that guy wants to go see Rod Stewart before he pulls his brains out
online for we have an open line at the end of the rod Stewart don't be asking for no more rod
Stewart tickets because we just had two more pair which of course are close personal friends
Sam douchebag over there are great promotions man who's part of the a drag read family of
whatever you would call it that the dysfunctional family of people who are not overworked or
overseen which is kind of way we like Sam let's we see the happier we are anyway so that what
what happened to that 1045 speech we're not even seeing the podium anymore we see that ugly a
past the old Mary McGroy on there with this stupid idiotic show on CNN I want to be watching
the goddamn CNBC thing and I'm forced to watch this look at that big come come back to markets
making we're down under 300 now only 298 we're going to make a big comeback today probably only go
down about 275 that's my prediction it just keeps going down and down and those people out there
who have no stocks who haven't got any money they're laughing at all the rest of us saying you see
you guys thought you were sitting in hog city maybe they're a hog heaven and now you guys are
taking a real dump and you're right hey if you want a great pair of shoes that have very reasonable
price that even you should gentlemen first let me thank you for your remarkable and warm welcome
I'm glad to be here in Worcester the heartbeat of Massachusetts for 150 years now
well what we had to carry that because you might actually said something important like about the
dress or about the Russia going to hell in a hand basket or about that but it's you know slick
willy being a real good guy talking about how great everything is and all the good things that
they've done he's got a great sense of humor and saying to the baby if you want to cry go ahead
and what the hell and a market still down to 174 points it's a 10 minutes past noon at 560
keep keep listening just in case you might say anything just to feel free to interrupt at any moment
but not during the spot if you're feeling for Worcester nice go ahead air above up you doing it
but nothing the rest of you that we need to do
12 16 at 560 W if you'd like to win a pair of tickets for the software Dodge dealers
Macintag zone be call number 9 right now to the QM contest law maybe you'll be able to catch one
end of all two 1 800 227 0 560 be call number 9 right now maybe you'll win maybe you won't
who knows okay that's number two we got like six of those the giveaway day because Sam is
trying to cover his ass because he's such a putt wacker we have two open lines and date one and
groward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line Kendall hello hello yes sir
hello Kendall yeah first time long time all right and first one I'd like to say because I cracked
the market for the longest time okay those people that are I call them traders or speculators
that are jumping in and out of the market all of you have been getting killed yeah I know a few
but guarantee me nail if you do you want to fit for the next four year horizon yes or longer I
want to worry about this crap I don't need to watch and see I know the only the only thing I did
was I took a profit today on the GE because I got a very substantial profit there and I would
like to have the cash as much cash as possible so that when the market bottoms out I think at that
point of this smart to get back in right right right oh and then the second thing is um there is
this TV evangelist I catch in the morning when I wake up this guy is so hilarious he ought to be
on prime time he goes by the name of past the Robert Tillson I don't know if you ever heard of him
hi yeah the name is familiar but his thing is um he gets on a TV closes his eyes and he says there's
a lady in Texas for Florida with a backpond and you have to spend in a hundred dollars
so fix of you don't need to do I know it's not bad it's about a lot of cheap and a carapractor
and then you say then he also says there's something about a thousand dollars if you can send that in
um your problem be on top pretty quickly there you go and when one last thing you know
tell you want to get bad for your back when you have to keep standing up with the heavy load
in your wallet but when you unloaded man you get up real quick and easy true true the one last
thing um my black wheel you know and I'm a true that um black wheel you pack them larger than
the white one all right and we get my women all right I leave I leave you with that we believe you
have a great day okay okay we have two overlides in date he said he's got a big one so what's
wrong with that five six seven oh five sixty five sixty on the 18t wireless line here's Daniel hello
you know two things uh top column 3a of the sunset on top left about your favorite subject post office
yeah and two things all you schlep's out there go by friggin stock
yeah by some stock we're here for Christ's sake and bail the rest of us out will you do it
no come on just give us a little bit of your money so we can bail out over you know get our
something back I will I give it come on give it just a few bucks two overlides and date one and
browned five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line all to be poor again
and the guy says oh just wait a few minutes you will be where we going let's go to a plantation
hello in here yes sir you got a large nation crowd out there yesterday I heard about three
four Haitian calling call yourself yeah yeah so I was wondering what's going on I'm surprised
we have a large Jamaican crowd we have a large Haitian crowd we got a large parts are crowd we
got a large Jewish crowd a lot of Goyim we have a lot of fags we got a few straight people we got
a lot oh and the good news is from Maddie from channel from whammy call me yesterday to give me
the good news that the the uh what did they call him the sweeps we actually showed up in women
18 to 34 we had a one-shear in women 18 to 34 so they're actually finding out who's watching that
show young women I think we like that young women are watching that show on whammy what do you say about
that that diversity right right we got a little different kind of crap for everybody I like that
that's what where it's at yeah could you play the bridge stand up okay we have an open line in
uh well we were talking about huh it's not what I just said yeah open line and date into
and brodered five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line mobile in Miami
hello hello yes sir how you doing here okay okay um a first time call a long time listener um I just
want to call in a request and you think of that request what the duck job no okay we're down to
like two calls on the board actually thought we had a little bit of momentum going to this
morning though we put it all that we had nobody left when the president came on anyway so don't give
me that song at a dance we had nobody left on it we had two calls on the board then we got two
calls on the board now so it's very very weak because we got still just a few days just hang on
by your toenails I will I wouldn't be surprised that Joe hasn't even given away that second
pair of tickets for the marlin's cardinals game for the mac the the max on huh are they gone yet
oh Joe oh Joe is gone oh he went over to his broker the broker said you better get over here
right away because man we got some problems mr maybe the answer got him maybe those yeah the
answer got him over there in the right and festive dog and festive joint one yeah who's that
Joe that Josh Freeman yeah that sounded like big fat Josh Freeman I could smell I could tell it
yeah he's here so what what was I asking oh about the uh did we give those tickets away yes we
gave him away too early fairly quickly to a nice young lady oh great okay we have two open
lines in date county see we have young women less now they don't want to talk to me but if we got
something free hey they're right on the phone and Joe's taking her phone numbers let's go to
a Hollywood hello yeah sir hey did you get my profile oh geez trace that call okay get us
phone number that's a crazy run Roy what's his name Ron is it roar it's your on Ron we thought
it was Raymond but it's Ron we're thinking about rain man but this is Ron who sent in prozac
through the mail who actually gives us his real address sure you need mental health okay we're
gonna send a guy over with a white coat tab you take it away with a a butterfly net putting a
rubber room somewhere sending a prozac through the mail two open lines in date five say and believe
me you need a more than we do okay Ron unless you keep calling us in which case we'll need a lot more
you maniac you simple then put him away somewhere this guy's riding around on a loose
here's Miami hello Neil yes sir I got everybody here I don't know how to work uh-huh
for you right yeah and they want uh uh they want me to call you uh-huh and if you give our play
our push and pitch they got about ten people you know something we can't do it okay we got one
call up the aboard number gone straight to music music of your life and WLL
yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line that
bubble made he killed us killed this show well you know something if I had to do it again I'd
put it on there anyway how about the other day get them off of there like I said
over how about the other day when we like uh got faked out and then all of a sudden the announcement
we were bombing the crap out of them over here in Africa just in case you got to be on a safe side
I was thinking of myself during the last break can you imagine what would ever happen if we
have another serious like Andrew and other serious hurricane hit this town what would happen to this
station I mean at least on the other station for all of the faults that may have existed before and
after enduring we had Chuck Meyer and Tom Hopkins and we had Jennifer Rem and we had a whole bunch
of real news people and me and guys who actually knew what that was all about been before it
were true before we're nearing but can you imagine that do we even have a weather wire here no we
have a newswire no absolutely not do we have any contact with the outside will be side the TV set no
no because there's nothing more important than god damn whether the line can block it to you of
ever night or they're having a block party over there well good maybe they'll learn something
that's the only thing that's important so if something like major really does happen like if we
have a major financial catastrophe or if the president resigned or got on those what happened
like the market found two ninety six the Dow and last at thirty seven point seventy five uh
we're not gonna find out about except for the fact we got the TV set and the satellite did for free
I mean these people are in law law then they are totally positively absolutely unprepared for any
contingency should anything like a really important happen to work which guess what is not sports
how about those marlin all right two open lines and date one and brown and five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen T wireless line 1224 and five sixty QM
Hank get some respect in a TV movie or set a reflection and it's gotta be made for TV because it's
a fantasy that's right television reruns of bubbling fictional male men like Cliff Clive and
O'Cheere's and Newman Jerry Seinfeld's men and Emes's get pretty tedious for real letter carriers
it says the U.S. Postal Service is backing production of a made for TV movie about heroic postal
inspectors who tracked down a male bomber they can't deliver the mail on time they can't
forward your mail but they're busy tracking down a male bomber and other phone a movie on TV
of course backed by the U.S. Postal Service starring Lou Gossett Jr. remember him remember
Chappy or is that movie with Jason Gedrick iron eagle there you go terrible movie Jason
Gedrick looked good and if the one thought too bad he had his clothes on okay we have date counties
laying out here today all of a sudden they're all out there brokers right now they're all
rushing to their stockbroker saying sell markets down 327 and a half points no need for panic you're
what that guy said before what he's saying four years will all be broke so enjoy it while you can
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen T wireless line here's a mobile
in bokeh hello hey Neil how are you okay sir hey I'm going leave it or not the three
marlin games next week I didn't go it all last year nothing this year right and I'm excited
this is something worth seeing yeah I'm not a guy that's going because the marlin's pulled that
game out last night not no I'm not I know why you're going we all know why you're going I turned it
off after you all run and I just flipped it on whenever he was on deck or I was just lucky enough
my timing to you know leave the track when it was the top of the night thinning it was six three
and they had hit the three homers in a row I didn't hear that but then marlin's got the two guys
on and katsu hit that three run pinch hit Homer and david brine went nuts and I got home in time to
see the marlin score the winning run the top of the tent that it was unbelievable even though meaningless
that would have much rather seen the home run alive I saw it just because I heard I heard the
announcer screaming I heard a jo angel screaming on a TV nearby me at the track and so I flipped over
just as the ball was going like five hundred and one feet over the center field fence yeah and I said
all right it's something to see you know but again I'm planning on walking around the stadium
looking around in between the fast from a choir right right and anybody who tries to pee on your
parade and say oh while he's taking his stuff he had time to blow it out their ass a big time big time
you know what party people was including that depot that's trying to stir the pot around here
because it's so boring and the dog days of summer so he's trying to create a big controversy you're
not full on anybody depot you fence sitting a douchebag hey I'm getting married October 10th going
to Vegas for the honeymoon looking forward to it great it should be exciting and we went last
October on your recommendations on how great Vegas was I'm out of glass we're gonna go back every
year great excellent yeah but now I don't have anything to fund you it's all down the tubes in the
market yes I like so credit card they take credit cards out there right like the president told
Monica what goes down we'll pop back up have a great day pal thanks good luck 1232 at 560 WQM we have
an open line in day two and brown and five six seven are really slow today they've been
slow for about two weeks now getting slower and slower and we're praying that they'll be back
you mark my words I know this crowd like the problem I hand after Labor Day they'll be back with
the vengeance especially after September 5th when rookie camp opens for hockey for the NHL then we'll
be doing it baby everybody in legal be all worked up of course the pants fans because we got
nothing to excited about but the arena is going to be great that's the thing see the arena is supposed
to now be not only a great place to go and break convenient for many of us but also a substitute for
out of a good team because Wayne the one opened up his pocket book and because they give us a lot of
double talk but a beat but a boot but a bout but a all this other crap the double talk you used to
especially if you listen to the station last season now I still can't and thank God Terry Murray smart
enough he ain't gonna be don't know coach your show here's a mobile in four lottery hello hello
yes sir hey any idea on great yeah I just want to say that all this mark requires her fine and
and I don't I know how you feel about New York and all but nobody's paying attention to
Jenna polar rotating almost 400 yeah what does everything now what does every doctor he's up to
three seventy five unbelievable I bet you they're just puking their guts out in Toronto about letting
him get away oh my god it's just unbelievable this camera guire gets all these great drugs and
all get out of here he gets these great drugs blood here's another New York asshole okay
gets these great drugs what a jackass I wouldn't be surprised if John Olerwood's
staying up there record all you know came as directs for hot shot so get your nose out everybody's
personal life and worry about their accomplishments on the field oh yeah Mark McGuire is getting all
to see if if Mark McGuire were playing for the Yankees or the Metz this guy be out there oh he's
the greatest but I mean but I'll forget about Babe Ruth forget about Roger Maris forget about
Hank Garrett yeah right you frickin New Yorkers make me want a barf god if it's in New York it
must be the greatest I must be the best too bad about the Yankees by the way losing four in a row
till they finally pulled out last night in the second game of the double hundred against angels
with say almost blue which they blew the lead and had to win oh man see everybody sooner or later
like I said what goes up must come down and vice versa yeah two he's getting all these great
drugs that you can walk into your goddamn neighborhood health food store right now and buy over the
counter see this guy must be listening too much of that default propaganda in the morning on
this station another one of these sports experts like that guy to call before oh yeah that trade
the upathers it's a done deal you're done is what the story is pal well done but don't go off
half baked here's a mobile in Opalaka hello hello yes sir hi uh uh John Olerwood he's the guy
where's the batting home and when he's out in the field right hey there's a group you looking
guy he is but he's a you gotta get him credit he's having a home here no doubt a uh sunny harsh uh think
about him oh they're about sunny he's known for a couple of years of that he's gonna be out when
this guy then devil of months signed that contract the last contract he signed that one of the
causes was that he would be the voice of the hurricane by the last year of the contract and he's
signed the contract like two three years ago thanks mentioned it before I mean it can't be a surprise
Hank is mentioned it yeah well how come Hank knows it and sunny doesn't know what sunny was
on with Hank for a few minutes couple weeks a few weeks ago honest the guy Hank came on and said
it you know he looked into it because he thought it was well what do you mean he looked into another
the only way he could have known that is if he talked to Dave Lamont or somebody over there who
signed the contract with him at Baxon or a queer channel or wherever the hell it was well that's
what he did because honestly he he said it but but setting that aside what first of all what does
it say about my good friend Dave Lamont that he would string sunny along and I tell him I we've
already made a deal and I mean I know it's a hard thing to do but for crying out loud sunny
is an easy guy to get along with he's not a raving maniac why the hell are you telling him
to something like that and certainly what how can you make an excuse for the U.M. people and the
queer channel people not having the decency to give them like a few a couple of months notice
if they will if they've known about it for two years why didn't they tell him I don't think
they should have got rid of the guy in the first place but honestly from what I understand
wow I guess I don't know how it worked out but it's supposedly this has been known for a while
it's gonna happen it's just now that it's happening yeah that's you M4 have a great day pal yeah
sunny you should have known pal you should have known you should have been a little bit more alert
when you went to the locker in the head your name off the locker and all your crap was thrown
out on the street you should have known no more sunny hers over here no more showers with the guys at
U.M. We have two open lines and date 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line by the way George
you worked with sunny what do you think about so here's a lady mobile in sunrise hello
no yes sir how you doing this is lady hey lady how you doing okay I just want to tell you you're
the best yes and thank you so much for suggesting the emerald coach oh what I tell you that place
is incredible that is a great thing out please we told them you sent us and they thought they said
you better call Neil tomorrow and tell them how great it was excellent so thanks again
I'll see you there okay bye bye amelcoast is great when I turn you out of a restaurant man
like the pizza lot man it was that a great meal or what of course mainly thanks to my sauce
oh oh god was that good oh jeez don't know don't spill that beautiful uh
that salsa that's gonna get my metallurant and I'm gonna weigh 130 pounds tomorrow I'm gonna eat
the whole jar of salsa and it's gonna get my and I'll be talking like a guilty unhealy in tomorrow
blah blah blah blah like that because that salsa really speeds up your metabolism and it makes
you burn it baby or your all your judges burn a one so anyway this is from Patrick Tim Pony
and of course well that's where the name came from I didn't realize that that's his own name
that he put on his brand ice going Samre fresca always fresh in italiano Tim Pony's originally
and it's a great great spirit now is that what we got spaghetti sauce and sauces that the uh
yes medley over there and it's in public by the way I'll have to get our friends at the
Renzo to carry that too because I know that they would definitely want to have that because it's
really great stuff in fact we'll have to get chef Cohen to start using that because like I said
although he don't want to get his friends at Cisco Foods upset because he likes those free trips a lot
Dave County is wide open for your perusal by the way there is not a tickle on the board in
Dave County there is nobody who speaks English there's nobody who didn't come off of an anabode
there's nobody's got anything to say about a guide damn thing there's nobody owns any stocks
there's nobody who cares about Mark McGuire about anything about Bobby Hall if we had one call
about Bobby Hall no no if we had one call about this major controversy Bobby Hall who says Hitler
wasn't such a bad guy and the blacks are multiplying too fast and all this other unbelievable stuff he
want he makes smart shot look like a sweetheart no not one call because they haven't got any idea
who now Bobby Hall even is all these great sports on your sports station how can you have a sports
station tell where nobody knows anything about sports one thing we do know about those good food
ending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death the one thing you have to defend
on is your car with two canoe theft on the rise the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben
Carlar now bring you an old Jewish guy named Eisen get away from my board of the hill you fake
mf remember when we used to post them back in carabee and we ought to get a fun to finish baby
the white ones are cooler get away from my board of the hill you fake mf
was that I object seriously for a fantasy like that get away from my board of the hill you fake
mf get away from my board of the hill you fake mf when I'm in some bastard tries to steer my car
I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Eisen get away from my board of the hill you fake mf
get your old Jewish guy named Eisen car alarm now and receive a free flower antenna get away get
away get away from my board of the hill you fake mf old Jewish guy named Eisen car alarm now
available at all there stories crawl forty three at five sixty w and when a pair of tickets we
got a whole bunch of these still do they we got four more we better get with it you know I'm saying
get on top of it when a pair of tickets for the software to dodge either his macketaxe on
be caller number nine right now for the QM contest line at one eight hundred two two seven five
sixty one eight hundred two two seven oh five sixty and you'll catch markman where with the
a QM macketaxe on Monday night at P.P. Park in the club level section Oles it left fields
who knows you might catch it we have two open lines in day but we've had let's do the
a highly a crank first I'll move on hi lia yeah I'm from my lia man we were talking about question marks
yes huh yeah and you were talking about nobody from data called you guys just for you know
compels call you you know like whatever man oh you were talking about the other day but a while ago
how you remember how you were criticizing sports town hello I'm listening oh sorry um you that
cruise that they're under like laughing gas yeah true like they're always laughing around they never
like take anything but like ever since you criticize them they've calmed down there you go
and um any problem you got no problem sorry but what's your name I forgot her name
oh the bitch on it show I have no idea what did we start showing like she stopped showing
Kathy Kathleen Willie yeah Kathleen what does he do the willies yeah she stopped showing cleavage and you
know now she's just a little bit better but she's still wearing them sorry I said you know yeah but
you know they're all right they ain't bad they're okay they mean well they're all right
okay fellow no more sanctions thank god okay Dave County White Open last call for any calls in
Dave County any interesting day no anybody alive in Dave anybody got anything to say in
Dave in English no anybody in Espanol no in a tadiano in front say no we got any brits in the
Dave County no any tourist in Dave anybody no okay well I'm just checking five six seven oh five
sixty anybody in Dave the Hubabi Hall is no anybody care who Bobby Hall no no no bread home no
anybody no warrant home no no no five six seven oh five sixty five five sixty on the
ATT while this one well I'm gonna tell you what to you sure earn your keep during these several weeks
especially these last couple you really earn your keep and thank god I'm just I got that salsa
man I'm wired now baby it's either these crazy uh cigar these Cuban bullets that I'm smelted
or it's that salsa that's got my record on fire better watch your uh vert blues record it's
not too much softened not really bad for that group record not a good idea just take it really easy
nice soft tissue too okay in fact those touch wipes are really good where we going here's a lady in
poppano hello lady in poppano oh hey no okay I your personal problems still not worked out
it's just keeps creeping very slow I'd say I maybe have 20 or 30% of the mail and today is the
point today is of the three weeks since I put that card in unbelievable isn't that pathetic all right
I still I'm looking for about 70% of my mail I have something I'd like to read you from home office
October issue in the trade secret section it's called going postal despite the fact that the
US Posting Service has realized profits of more than one billion dollars per year
in 1995 you have to prepare yourself for a and your business for yet another post the tight
that's because in June the Postal Service Board of Governors announced the decision to increase
revenues an additional two point four billion dollars of January since 1999 what the hell are they doing
with that I mean that's what I like to know who the hell is making you know profits from this
I you know it sounds to me just like the Russian government you know the IMF loans are
$100 billion and none of it ever gets spent on anything and it all just appears
a billion dollar profit and we do you hear all these idiots calling and whining a couple of days
of money if we would just pay 45 cents a stamp then they could afford it to get it done and how
they're understaffed and underman a billion dollars of profit that money must be going somewhere
because these people that are supposed to be out delivering mail we're not listening to you
and calling you on the phone right they're good point they're all running around with their
Sony Walkman I listen to this show all day thanks well that's all I've got Neil have a great day
see you 34 cents it's going to be pretty soon there'll be 40 cents then it'll be 50 cents let's see
three down and three to go I know it's a long story okay now right now don't put a lot of pressure
on Joe whether he's busy eating if he's lucky not even like we did today boy that was really good
and from people off no less huh okay we're I can't believe he asked me was I find in New York
to go to El Goldstein El Goldstein's a great guy I love him he's sensational he's got a great
sense of humor a little bit out of crude side I like people a little more classy than that but enough
is enough with him already you know what I'm saying but although you enjoy the free meals okay
so you're not gonna say too much huh you're not gonna say much you'll glory hole yeah and of course
that rich he ain't gonna say too much does he show up for those free meals anymore not that's for a long time
well by the way fat rich couldn't make it to the track last night had another pressing thing coming
out so Derek and I were there were just the cymbal casting only and at a great time I want to
blues in 70 bucks 70 bucks you know something when I leave the track and I lose 70 bucks I think I
just want a million this is better than playing a stock market here's a and we had a good crowd
out there last night because I came on here and told everybody about the fourth floor is open
and it was packed thank God for me because you bozo's over there pop it over park don't tell anybody
what's going on and Derek made a good point he said probably 90% of these people thought there
was live racing life and showed up and had to stick around anyway nice go and set still ice congen
here's the mobile in high alia hello hey Neil yes sir on the hell are you man great hey listen I hope
that lady doesn't mind I'm taking my two hour break here under the shade in high alia yeah
let's okay I don't care either I don't keep my meal in high alia you can take all your life
you know all that right you're talking about all those uh 2.5 billion whatever 20 people
I've worked with three different government agencies yeah and you know what the little people
the blue collar worker we never see a penny of that damn thing always the upper managed man
sure the guys that do the hard work they're all the sluggish I know that I gotta try the works for
the government he has make enough might do by dog food leave me not just you guys we down at the
bottom you know we have the right time to use right yeah well you can't do any way of talent go smoke
it yeah yeah just like this place I can really talk yeah laugh all the way to the bank
uh anyway um I just started to get a lot more bad move nice timing excellent time
no over time it's cutting down here in post office I got to make my money somewhere out yeah I put
a few thousand dollars down or a stock of so far is doing drinks even when the mass
taxes down and I will ask you what the hell they mean by when they're getting ready to do a split
should I buy right before or right after the do a when they're getting ready to do a split that
means they're racing right out the door becrew eating catching no that don't get out before they do
a split then they do a two for one you get if you got a hundred cheers then you get 200 cheers
I mean if you're making money you're making money you're better doing that although the notable
exception was republic which did a split and now a wing doing the splits because their stock is
in the crapper no no I don't want nothing to do with that guy I think that any of that republic
stuff because it's a bunch of crap I'll let you in in a little uh I'll sell computers man
yeah that's a big secret hey you know they don't get affected by any of all these things
going on in the Asian market because they don't keep an inventory even the Haitian market ain't
the interfering with it all Asian Asian right okay pal anyway I'll be doing it good luck you
go ahead another uh whatever you're smoking okay there's a postal guy he's smoking a number
he's sitting under a tree getting a little bit of shade no I have no problem with the individual
people as long as they're eventually delivering the mail I just have a problem with a system that
doesn't work that's all we're talking computers here he's talking about Dell which by the way brings
computers to mine I mean Dell by the way rhymes with cell oh I'm sorry this came to mind it's only
down 270 points now what did I say this morning right out of the box I said at 10 o'clock I think we
can go for about 350 day and the market's got three hours nine minutes before it closes it's well
405 when they find to get the last trickles in there so it's got about three hours and 15 minutes I
think we can get to 350 day don't you huh sure I'll tell you for a guy that just sits here and I don't
I'm not I know nothing I know nothing about it I know nothing about the weather I'm not a meteorologist
and I tell you the hurricane was gonna smack in an North Carolina that I tell you right on target
while Brian North Cross was hyperventilating and jumping on the job like
still killing the heat totally irresponsible Brian that's why Channel 4's number even when we
got better numbers than you at Channel 4 news that's right you got numbers and nobody could
find where the guy named Sirc party couldn't find your number and you're waiting either you little
or a little weather fairy god getting everybody all worked up up up up up up up up up up up up in the
head's coming back it's not coming back okay pal it's not coming back anymore than the audiences
coming back from the hurricane anger that got sucked in by your hysteria because theca what
What was the one that almost came?
I can't remember the name.
But remember we had a real good scare there.
And he was trying to bring it back with his hand on the map.
It was already north of here.
I keep mentioning this every day just to point out
to you if you want to really know what's going on with the weather.
You want to see places where they're not psychotic in this area.
Go turn on the weather channel.
You all got the cable.
Turn on the weather channel.
They got good people on there like Dave Schwartz.
There's a guy got a sense of humor.
Speak a little bit of Yiddish.
One of the clan, they'll give you the straight poop,
that this is stereo from these irresponsible jackasses.
They can't complain about the journalist Ministone
because there isn't any.
There ain't none.
Here's the Hollywood.
Hello.
Yeah, you know who Bonnie was born, aren't you?
Yeah.
Hey, you like doing that at the bar?
No, yeah.
Great.
That's the same guy.
I guess you must have finished.
OK, do you get a towel?
We have an open line in power.
560, 7.0560.
Tom 560 is doing a duct job over there.
Tom 560 on 18 to the wireless line.
Here's Bokka.
Hello.
Bokka.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Leo, how you doing?
OK.
I just want to repeat a couple of statements
that I've been hearing in Miami.
But how Miami's supposed to be like the next Hollywood
and this and that.
And people are making a nice Hollywood photo
in our California.
No, I mean Hollywood.
Hollywood, though.
You got the wrong Hollywood, man.
You're confusing.
Well, I think I'm under the influence.
I think that, you know, Florida's
in the turns of this Hollywood.
Hollywood, yeah.
Typhoon, no.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, not the right one at the end.
Yeah.
Dr. Rouse or anybody but like, you know,
I do want to down the Lincoln and stuff.
And I've seen the Watties do.
I know that you got an involved with doing any movie
production of it.
And that's that.
What do you mean you guys?
Don't don't exclude me.
Don't lump me in with those people.
OK, I just did do my show here in the tape.
OK, you guys.
I don't want to be associated with those
behind over there running at place.
I mean, these are these cats on like Lincoln Street
and the place smells from unprofessionalism.
It just, I don't know what it is.
Yeah.
You got these Lincoln rotors.
They all ran away.
Yeah, I'm linking right right with us.
The studio is on the corner there.
Well, they're like fits in like a glove.
And those are the things.
You got these kids running around.
I give them the first time doing a show or something
on the air.
Yeah.
You get just the way they're doing.
But what happens is to make there's nobody watching.
Anyway, it's getting a picky about.
Move it to people.
People start watching.
They might put some professional people on there.
But I doubt it.
There's public lessons by.
And they don't know how to do it.
The public.
And that's where I think the reading is.
Why not?
What does that have to do with this town?
What does that have to do with this Miami and Hollywood?
Where did the public go?
Where did the public go?
To be more successful.
You have to have quality talented people running at the show.
Yeah.
I just say, in other words, this town
will be successful.
Well, Miami gets us OK.
That's a good point.
So hold your breath right now.
We'll let you know when we're going to let it out
and your breath too.
We have an open line.
That's like the guy that called number a few days ago
said that we have to have a powerful mayor that
will build us more stadiums and create good radio.
These people reading, man, they are on top of it.
They got a grasp.
They got a grip.
They understand government.
They understand the world around them.
Don't they?
No.
When you're looking to make your next election,
you're a few AM.
The Neil Rotterdale.
It's not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
You know, showing us what a great sense of humor he's got
and the baby is crying and he's yucking it up
and telling us about the great accomplishments
in the economy and about a beat for the book.
And at the meantime, while we're watching that,
they've got in the upper left hand corner there on CNN.
They're showing the Dow information,
all the stock market taking a craft down almost 300 points.
And they're showing stories about how
workers go out of business and everybody's broke.
And they're ready to go into civil disobedience
and riot in the streets and trying
to get their rubles out, which are worth nothing, and et cetera.
And the fact that the commons are,
and you see that the communist legislature is saying this
and they're saying that.
Well, at least that'll give some of those old people
and dominoes parked us out screaming about.
Communist, communist, let's see, there you go again.
It was Ronald Reagan got the communist out
and Bill Clinton let the communist back in there.
I told you, don't let no, don't let no Democrat back in.
It must have been Bubba.
While he was busy doing this, they were busy doing something.
Here's Haley, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir?
Yeah, me, that was not a funny thing on TV.
I don't know if you saw the,
I'm going to use that pen.
Now we heard about rich thank you.
OK, we have two open lines in day one and groward.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
I'll fill out a people out there watching Channel 7 news,
even though they, including Yoli,
he was talking this morning about how he was watching it.
On the one hand, he's chastising the everybody else
where they won't watch in the whole Marlon Cardinal game.
And what a bad fans they are.
How many of you are watching the Cardinal game
and Channel 7 news at the same time, I asked you, huh?
You've phoned a little torque, Yoli,
you little piece of pus.
Here's Coral Springs, hello.
You know, Neal, I was thinking, you know, Bobby Hall
played with the Chicago Black Hawk
from the same line with Stan McKeeville.
Yeah, what about it?
What has he got to do with who he played with?
Well, no, you just think you were saying
nobody knows who Bobby Hall is and I did.
I'm a big hockey fan.
That's what I'm talking about.
Well, no, what he said though, what he said, you know,
in Russia, how can he say that you know,
how could he be so miscorded as to say that he's suing them?
He never said anything like that.
That is a lot of both crap because you know what?
His son is an F-sobby.
His son is an F-hole.
Okay, his son screwed over St. Louis.
Okay, okay.
Okay, we have two open lines in day two and Broward.
5.6705.60, Pomp 5.60 on the mobile one line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neal.
Yes, sir.
Neal, God.
How are you doing, sir?
Just a quick anecdote that was often big as in that I shut up to Colorado
to visit my cousin in La Barra.
But that worked from Denver.
I stopped in a little town, little mining town called Central City.
And as I'm walking through the street, there's a little,
they have machines, floor machines and all that.
No place for the glory hole.
I know.
You're the guy that sent me the picture?
No, no, I'm not.
I wish I were to.
Some of the pictures I got it right here in front of me.
It's somebody sent me photos of it.
The glory hole of pub.
Right, right.
It's full of right, man.
I was like, oh, I was laughing because you were talking about that right before I left.
Yeah.
Well, there's the glory hole.
It goes to show if you're out there looking for me.
You'll find it.
Okay, there's a guy went to a Vegas instead of gambling.
I have it a good time.
He was looking for glory holes and found one.
Do we have an open line in date?
I didn't know that they had a Westland mall out there.
War open in date and all of Broward, all of a sudden.
Come on.
Stand up and be a man over there.
We have five six seven O five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line better do this
again.
When I've heard the sea, that's the only reason that they're not calling me is because
they don't want to tie up their line.
They want to be free to be calling Joe Castell and try to win their guy named Stupid Marlin
ticket.
Winner per tickets for the South Florida Dodge Dealer's Mac attack zone.
The color number nine right now.
This is the fourth one out of six.
By the way, to the QM contest line 1 800 227 O five 60 with catch Mark from where the QA
and Mac attack zone Monday night.
Pub-level section in the left field and maybe you'll catch the big ball.
It'll be number 50 something.
We don't know which because he's got 54 already.
Every time Sammy so so looks like he's got a catch him and move fast like he's standing
still.
Sammy comes up with 52 yesterday and all of a sudden about a big eighth inning last night.
There was number 54 501 foot shot over to center field fence in Bush Stadium.
A mammoth shot.
A roofie in shot.
Nice going, Air Mac.
So that's number four 1 800 227 O five 60.
We have an open line and Dave got two and brown.
We got 557 O five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's high Alia.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing now?
OK.
I just want to say one thing.
I went back my foot.
OK, thank you.
How come all of a sudden can we get calls from anywhere in Dave County beside high Alia?
No.
No, I don't think so.
You're all hanging out one.
They're all calling from the Westland Mall, I think.
Look at this.
One call left and the board has got question marks on it.
All right.
Marcus down 258 to the house.
Next act is down 74 big ones just in case you're watching.
Everybody.
Rock with your body.
Rock.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
OK, we got to play a hard ball with the back door boys here to get some action on these lines here.
Very weak man.
You people are really late.
Lane.
Lane is worth.
And we got some really great advice on that market today, didn't we?
We got some really, of course, all we don't have time to be called talk shows.
We're busy selling and trading and jumping off tall buildings.
Yeah, get out of here.
All a bunch of a phony's man guessing.
This one says this.
He's a bear.
He's a bully.
Full of bull crap is what they're all full of.
They haven't got any idea.
Down 242.
We're making a little bit of a comeback there.
Maybe we can get under two.
Remember I said yesterday if we can get through a day in the market goes down less than 100 points
now.
We're really happy.
If we can finish under 200 by 405 this afternoon, we'll be having a party.
All right.
Under 200 points down in a down will be celebrating will be having party in our pants.
They're long.
We're doing something in our pants.
If somebody did a unaccompanied like your little dog maybe who ever now and then drops your
little log as a holiday gift even if it's not holiday time.
Well, drag constantly.
From under 701 to 560 WQM.
Hank Grover from Crystal Palace over in the Bahamas and other toughest time for Hank today.
And as Jimmy Johnson sure would hang five to six.
Who we got on at six by the way.
It's Thursday.
That's what we got.
Oh, we got talking baseball with Donnie.
That's what we got.
And of course the Marlins and the Reds if you think that's terminal.
Hey, there's going to be just as much interest in that Marlins Red series as it was in the
Cardinal series wasn't there?
No.
Here's Miami with 17 question marks.
Hello.
Okay.
Thank you.
Nice job George.
Two open lives in day one and Howard.
560, 705, 60.
Pop 560 on the mobile one line.
Well, I gave one of these.
I'll give you back one of them.
Here's a mobile in Opalaka.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Are you doing it for that?
Okay.
And I say you are the Larry's.
I say you are everything.
I'm a peon.
You're the one I was with.
What's up?
What's up?
What's up?
I don't know.
What's up.
You know, you're a question or something.
And what's up?
You know, you're a question or something.
I'm just like, you know, you're seeing anybody fall along.
Right.
What's up?
What's up?
You know, what's up?
You got all the emphasis on the up.
Yeah.
Like the tell on Marlins, you know.
He's like, what's up?
Yeah.
Okay.
I worked for the post office.
You know, these spaces I'm trying to understand.
Well, I'm answering the question.
What's up with the post office?
Well, you know, you got to, you know, you've got problems receiving them out.
I'm getting reported.
Yes.
I'm getting a problem with being understanding.
Yes.
Slow, terminal, snail-induced.
You know, I don't deliver them out.
I work at the dental relatives.
You know, we like the industry of the post office.
Well, what do you guys do?
You sit around drinking coffee all day?
No, no, not a lot of dirty jokes.
That's the supervisor's side.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Because we don't get to get to the right.
You know, the supervisor gets all these people out there.
So I'm going to do all those on the major files and everything.
But one of the main goals I set up around is, you got these civil vies.
So we've only been in the post office for maybe a year or less than a year.
And they become like civil vies.
And you know, you got to them trying to run this thing.
It's hilarious.
Okay.
I'm sorry you're having this problem.
I'm better at having a good time.
My stocks in the crapper and I won't be able to pay those bills anyway.
So who cares?
What?
Josh Friedman is doing the baseball show now.
How do you do?
Is that why you were so brutal?
Well, he's really putting it in the corner.
We're putting Josh.
What?
Let me take a look at it.
That's what I said.
What Josh says with Josh and Jason is what it says.
Is what it says in my schedule back there with Josh and Jason.
Does anybody care about that?
No.
Okay.
You're doing a good job with the way they're Josh but the cut the crap.
We have an open line and Dave one and Broward five six seven oh five.
Oh, and by the way, you know, it's interesting yesterday.
We were panicking because Warren Schwarzman was having semi-sosa on.
A little bit I realized that the comes with playing the day game yesterday were semi-hit number 52.
And that was a taped interview.
It's not like he was talking to him like live and current and like, uh, what's up?
It's like ancient history.
So all you idiots that were getting sucked in by that orange formarty there on Waxi Man, shame on you.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
Okay, uh.
Pull on the slow side but we'll get through. We'll make it through.
Yeah, you know, you're worried that if it can end up in summer, whether or not you're going to be able to pull through.
Oh, yeah.
Then brutal.
You can see the light at the end of the tunnel though.
I may have heard from a thick skin one who could take a joke and who will love us when it's going to show
who's slowly converting his family members into listening to you.
Yeah.
Well, a little bit more thin skin than me.
And it's kind of funny when you just played the abonix on the...
I reckon it was a little bit...
I reckon I ain't fucking bow.
Yeah.
I can remember a few months ago I played at two of them and they were like, oh, it was running out of food.
That's nonsense.
These races, I don't want to hear that.
I can't think of anything that'd be more realistic than that.
Well, you know, they'd be right on target.
These, you know, there's like a few people that they don't want to hear anything that's the Mises of Pluton that raised or whatever.
Don't confuse them of the truth, is that it?
Yeah. You know, they can't take it then, you know.
Just like there's some Orthodox Jews that don't want to hear that we're in these stupid beanies like I'm wearing this really stupid
and idiotic and makes people laugh at you.
Yeah.
I mean, what would they take for the convert you from wearing the Yomacan to wearing the Dachikis?
Oh, that's next week.
Time must have read the schedule.
Hey, Neil, I found something that is truly...
I'm going to be wearing a Hussage Shaka once used by a David J. Neill at the Herald.
Once you're worn by the great Ahmed Khan, too, by the way.
I found something a little bit more terminal than Warnsmarty.
Yeah.
And that is the Sunday lineup on QAM.
That's still a shame in that soccer hour and at ESPN.
Well, they still got that soccer crap on there.
I couldn't believe it.
Oh, my God. Don't they understand?
Nobody cares about soccer.
We must old points during that hour.
We must have squiggly lines during that hour.
Well, first of all, I don't know what I was doing week enough that early anyway,
but I just happened to wake up and I turned it on and I listened to it.
And I told, I mean, this is...
I mean, I'd rather go through a higher Leo naked or something like that.
And remember the days a few months ago when we were running 60-second promos
for a 60-minute show with the Phil Schaibes soccer show?
60-second promos.
30-second will be logical.
30-second will be like 30-second too much, but 60 is like punishment.
It's like murder, slaughter.
People are on death row for less than that.
And at ESPN, when a guy left the home joke, they're on funny.
He's probably worse.
That Tony Bruno, man, this guy, he needs some serious assistance.
This guy's pathetic.
Okay, well, no, you take it easy.
A lot of her students do like you, no?
All right.
Okay, Dave County's open again.
Do we have any white people in person in the show?
No.
We said all of our comments today be dark.
You know what I'm saying?
Which we have no problem with that.
We'll talk to anybody who'll be listening.
We don't have no white people.
We have Holy O's, most of the little punks.
And we have dark, complicated people.
We have no white people left in the show.
What?
White people are Julios?
Is that like white people are Jews?
We have no white people left listening to the show.
Are you trying to tell me that Holy O's are white?
Some of them are.
Oh, like who?
Like me.
Oh, God.
Are you kidding me?
We saw that your blood test results.
You're out of your mind, man.
See how I've played against about that?
I told you I've seen those pictures of a Cuba.
Yeah, from recent years.
There's a white people left in Cuba.
So what did he talk about?
They're all Hispanic.
They're all Latinos.
Oh, and I'm going to tell you about a genius girl.
She is.
Oh, my God.
They were having a big, one of their big contrived arguments
on the morning show a couple of days ago.
And somebody said something about Mary Alito.
And he said, what's that?
This is a punk who lives here in South Florida now,
who fancies himself that he's going to be on the Panther Telecats,
which I find either amusing or enough to cry.
What's a Mary Alito?
Well, he doesn't know about anything.
Not just sports about anything.
You can feel 7,500 in cyclopedias with.
What Geldin knows about, doesn't know about anything.
But I think somebody that is going must have an eye for him or something,
because I can't imagine any other reason why he's on the air.
He must have caught somebody's eye.
We have two open lines in date, County 567-0560,
pound 560 on a mobile one line.
We're not just talking about, I say that.
The mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
I spoke to you a few days ago.
About.
I'm the postman that was calling you.
And I...
About what?
You hung up on me.
But I...
I was posting it every year, three years ago.
I take offense.
Like, you were upset.
You were a postman of the year, three years ago?
Well, what have you done for us lately?
You didn't have the courtesy to talk to me.
You were up for it.
You'll probably speak a lot of crap.
That's why.
What did you say that made me hang up on?
I was going to say that again I'll probably do it again.
If it's raining right now, I'm not giving it a delivering mail.
Yeah.
And what about you?
Nobody touched me on the back.
Are you getting a poncho?
Or you have a poncho?
You know, all the guys...
You ever...
You ever got a grueling?
Yeah.
I'm not on your watch.
I'll tell you how you never get to them.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, there you go.
All right.
Congratulations.
There we go.
We just saw the problem for you, okay?
So, how the lords, if you piss off the postman,
you'll never live long enough to see your mail.
Thank you so much.
I'm so glad you called back my asshole posting.
Hi.
Okay.
I hope that Hurricane Bonnie lifts your ass up off the ground.
And whips your ass right out there to the hills of Carolina
never to be seen again.
You're lucky I don't deliver for you.
Oh, thank you.
Right there.
That is it.
Even Inspector Pusso could finger this one out.
You'll never see your mail.
Yeah.
I wonder how many of these mailmen are like, oh, well,
I don't like this particular guy in this block.
So, here's a two piece of the mail in the box.
And here's 40 on the ground in the dumpster.
You jackass.
Everybody at the postal service is embarrassed.
They just called him a dead statement to them.
He was the postman here.
Yeah, right.
My ass.
Oh, my God.
That was one of the great calls in the history of radio,
if I do say so myself.
You want to win a pair of tickets for the South Florida Dodd-Dee?
It was about that $50 mysterious jet-dough.
Well, that would be something to mention.
And next time he comes down here looking confused.
So, be calling someone.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
I've been with you about a month now, and you got a really good show.
I want to ask you about, you said you won data for a while?
Uh-huh.
Now, did you have the same type of show on data, like just like this?
Yes, I did.
Morning.
Morning.
All right.
16-year-old white guy, and I think you showed great.
All right.
I'm looking to you, and we think you're hilarious.
And God bless you.
I thank God.
16-year-old white guy.
Neil wakes me up in the morning.
All right.
Here we go.
Oh, you're the day when we had great competition.
I'm a good girl.
I'm a great girl.
I'm a good girl.
I'm a good girl.
I'm a good girl.
Look, daddy's a good girl.
You're the best, Leo.
You're the best, Leo.
I wanted to work in my room with a dolly male.
With data for all my life.
Oh, Leo.
Oh, Leo.
Leo, Leo.
Leo, Leo.
Leo, Leo.
Leo, Leo.
Leo, Leo, Leo.
Are you just to make people go ballistic?
Leo, Leo, Leo.
Okay.
What?
146 on QIAB.
Leo, Leo, Leo.
Oh, Leo, Leo.
You got to admit the bird, Captain Dave.
Hey, how's Captain Dave doing? Ain't nobody lonely, man.
He lately? No. Okay.
26 after 1...
You A.M.
Oh, Neil.
My Queen.
God.
MTV presents
Night in Snails.
Unplugged.
I want...
You like an animal!
Give it to the sick, not on.
I'll come to visit working.
Oh!
Oh!
You're not going to treat me like a bonkhead!
Oh!
Night in Snails.
Unplugged.
Only on MTV.
I shot this sheriff who's a wrecking.
131 is fine.
You know, I was listening to it yesterday, and I guess.
Well, I never heard it by Bob Marley.
I don't listen to Bob Marley.
Okay, and he wouldn't mind. He ain't feeling too good anyway.
What the hell was he care?
Dead people don't care what he wants to do.
Is Elvis concerned whether we listen to his music or not?
No.
Huh?
He's not that.
The strikes and after care whether we watch his stupid movies or not.
No.
Or listen to his goddamn boring music?
No.
No.
New York, New York.
Oh, God.
What are we going to start getting a real good, Frank Sinatra stuff?
Not that he croaked.
The market's making a nice comeback if I do say so myself.
217.
That's my potatoes.
I told the people just to sit tight.
Not overreact.
Hell.
I mean, just calm down.
Nasdaq's down 66.
The Dow was down like 330 something before.
Let them, their animals anyway, let them lose their souls.
Isn't that always the thing we say about Ania and the group that's hauling hard time?
Their animals anyway, let them lose their souls.
Like they said in Godfather.
I didn't know no Godfather.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Listen, I was just driving home from lunch and I heard the abionics song and I had to call in.
Yes, sir.
Today I had to do some work in Overtown.
You be doing work in Overtown, yes?
I had to do some working Liberty City and two things.
What's up?
Yeah.
I'm driving now.
And every other billboard is either for a brand of liquor or a Roach Motel.
Every other store is either like a mom and pop supermarket.
Mama, what?
Yeah, because you won't see a public there.
Mama, what pop up?
That's right.
You won't see a bank there.
So it's either a mom and pop supermarket window tint or a morgue or a morgue.
Okay, well listen, say hi to Bobby Hall.
Okay, we have an open line in date five.
So he sounded just a little bit racist to me.
He's starting talking about sparts sound like that.
You better cut it out, mister.
Open line in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line.
We got the don't forget Josh Friedman and who?
Jason.
Oh, Jason.
I guess that I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
First of all, I've never met most of those people.
There's a little 10 year old board ops over there in the other building.
We have met Josh though.
And the good news is we don't have to get him through the door with a shoe horn anymore.
At a boy, Josh, he's doing a lot of 700 pounds holding 300 to go.
What?
Pretty soon he'll be able to see his, uh, won't that be a shot?
Nobody else wants it.
Here's a Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, well, who do you clowns think they are in the morning rip in you, man?
About what?
I don't know.
Goldie was talking some crap that he had to be with you about something, something you said
about him.
Yeah.
Oh, he's a guy.
Who's Goldie?
He's an asshole.
That's who you.
In fact, I think it ought to be Goldie being such a putts who sings songs about himself,
stand up and sit down and fall down.
Gelsie.
Gelsie.
Talking on a sports show.
Trying to be my show.
Your voice sounds just like a standing-year-old girl.
A little sports host, she'll watch else.
Are you there for Gelsie?
Gelsie.
Talking like a baby.
Who needs a little training?
Why can't you understand?
You don't sound like a man.
Remove the rubber bands.
That show your throat comes Gelsie.
Gelsie.
Gelsie.
Gelsie.
Gelsie.
You're lucky management of Gelsie.
Gelsie.
You don't belong there on the air.
And Gelsie.
Those sports can wait till your voice cracks.
Cause anyone who sounds like that should find another job.
And they should only take you back when both your babies drop.
Gelsie.
Gelsie.
When you're gone and grow up.
You make us want to grow up.
You feel these sweet people go to broadcasting school.
You're free to pass it.
Voice makes you sound like a punch.
You're a punch.
You're a punch.
I guess Gelsie is your past normative hit on the annoying scale.
It's first being the most annoying person on the face of the year.
It used to be a normative hit on the class by himself.
But Gelsie has passed him like he was standing still with flying colors.
Nice going Gelsie.
Just annoying and real and always wrong.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
But boy, he sure can look that big round.
Okay, where we going?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Mobile in Miami.
There you go.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I've got a comment on the Mark and Warren.
There's a new supplement controversy.
I've gained about 20 or 30 pounds.
If you look at pictures of him when you played them all a couple of years ago,
about three years ago.
Right.
So now, I mean, it's a complete minimum of five.
Yeah.
It's not a natural testosterone bloopers don't do it.
I've been a personal trainer in Miami for 15 years.
Right.
I've been on that box for a while.
That's taking every supplement there is.
I'm telling you, there's no way that guy's got that big and got that powerful on a natural testosterone bloopers.
Of course not.
Absolutely not.
Anybody who says that is just trying to pee on his brain.
That's all the sour poised not to be put away for a while.
