Dude, like get into the show.
I have to put this point.
Because I thought it was pretty shocking when the guy called and asked his Roger Marist still alive.
But what, the tag on the end of that spot that we just had, who was that?
Lenny.
Lenny what? Lenny Kravitz?
Who, who was that?
Lenny what?
Martez.
Well, what is that?
Is it animal?
Vegetable?
Oh my God.
I wanted to give you the real thing, Danielle.
Here, what, it's Pato 2 at 5.60 WQM. Happy Tuesday.
That's right. We're almost there. We're almost a Labor Day.
We're hanging on by our thumbnails. I'm going to tell you something.
I'm going to start listening to the morning show with the whole different, which I don't listen to with anyway, as little as I can.
But with a whole different attitude.
Because I now realize what are, what their stations basically all about.
And that is people talking about stuff that they have no idea what they're talking about.
People talking about sports, loud and shrill, especially Geldy, talking about right where he wouldn't know Roger Maris, if the ghost or Roger Maris walked in right now, he wouldn't know him.
But that guy who sounded old enough to know what Mathusla calling and asking is Roger Maris still alive.
This is our, this is our sports discussion in South Florida.
And by the way, Andrew Steen, it sounds Jewish to me, don't you?
Oh, Andrew Steen.
DeFos, I think too much Viagra is what's getting to DeFos.
It's a good lesson for all you guys out there. Viagra is great in like small amounts.
Don't overdo it because DeFo obviously is crumbling under the pressure of that drug.
Because he's all psychotic that I ripped him in ass yesterday for ping on Mark McWarris parade.
And I take nothing back that I said.
And you'll notice that if you scour the sports pages, nobody is writing about this thing anymore because those people who understand this is not something.
And this morning, DeFos carrying on like a maniac, oh, the kids, they're going to start taking it because Mark McWarris taking it.
And it's something that's readily available just like Viagra where you can get it without a prescription right over the internet.
I hate to break the news to you, DeFo. You don't need a prescription for this.
It's something you buy in a health food store.
Okay, you don't have to go on the internet to buy this crap.
And I, yeah, I saw that doctor on there last night.
Oh, it's an anabolic steroid.
Yeah, well, if it is, then how come you can buy it without a prescription in a health food store?
Anybody ever wonder about that?
Everybody's a god, they're expert all of a sudden.
And if that one asshole wouldn't have just stuck his nose into Mark McWarris locker, we could have put that all aside.
Oh, they're all going to be running out to buy it because Mark McWarris doing it.
Like I said, I stand by what I said yesterday.
Why have there always got to be people?
I'm supposed to be the sour push, Mr. Negative.
I'm Mr. Happiness, baby.
Doesn't take much to keep me happy.
Just give me a check and turn me loose.
That's all.
By the way, where's that guy?
Where's David?
Would I check?
Yeah, here's the story this morning, the marlins have sold more than 30,000 tickets for each game next week already.
Against the Cardinals.
And have added about 3,000 extra seats by opening up the left-field bleachers.
The section is covered with a tarp, but the tarps coming off for Mark McWarris.
There you go.
Because finally something good is happening.
And we got people like,
and by the way, Geldia, I hate to break the news to you.
The FDA is not the federal drug administration.
The food and drug administration.
Why is that important?
Because if we were just a drug, then maybe they'd regulate it.
But food, as in stuff that's not drugs,
you got little punks opening up big loud mouths and people sitting out there.
Oh, yeah, they know what they're talking about.
That Geldia sure has a lot of credibility.
Don't you?
Oh, yeah, man.
I sit on the edge of my seat, listening to you.
And he's talking about how Henry Aaron had all those racial threats when he was brick and baby with life time,
home run-racket, and Marissa, nothing like that.
I hate to break the news to you.
A lot of people think Roger Marissa got cancer and died because of the stress that he had had took from those obnoxious,
hateful New York fans who boot him mercilessly.
See, first it was Mickey Mantle that every time he didn't hit a home run,
he'd boot the crap out of him because New York fans never, you're never good enough for the New Yorkers.
Never good enough for them.
That short butch here could anyway, but like turn in gray and falling out and the died a horrible death.
So you think Roger Marissa is still alive?
No.
Oh, God.
The knowledge of the sports people in this town.
Of course, it's not just the sports people, it's any topic you pick.
You pick the subject and these people will dazzle you with their ignorance.
Oh, but he's taking a supplement.
Those kids are all going to be like, well, how about all the other stuff they sell in health food stores for people to bulk up, huh?
All those protein shakes and those power drinks and all.
Eight million different supplements for people to bulk up, all of which are like food products.
They're not drugs.
And here's AirVee.
Like I said, Pittsburgh, the other day for the first time since they built the goddamn three-rovers stadium,
they get two sellouts in a row on a team that's going nowhere,
playing against another team that's going nowhere, because finally there's something we can sink our teeth into
that we can be positive and get excited about.
Oh, no, gee, this is a terrible thing.
What's going on in the kids are all going to go...
They're all going to run out.
I see a lot of little kids running out to the health food stores, don't you?
They're all running out there right now.
Whatever Mark McGuire is taking, I want to start taking it right now.
So I can butcher up and be a big guy like him.
And by the way, if that's what it's all about,
Sammy Sosa, who's got 51 home runs,
is he a big, strapping a muscle bound guy?
No.
How about Roger Maris?
Was he a...
No.
There's a lot of guys who have a lot of home runs who aren't like big muscle bound guys.
Some of them were.
Baby Ruth was he a big...
Was he muscle bound?
No, he just had a big pooping.
He was kind of like the fat Joe of baseball.
Babe Ruth...
He was a beard guzzling pig, is what?
Oh, sorry Joe.
But I mean, he was just a fat pig.
He certainly was about as muscular as I,
and in fact, I'm the Babe Ruth of radio.
There you go.
Yeah, skinny arms, skinny legs, big fat gut, not as big as he had.
Because I haven't been...
I'm a better catch-up, huh?
I better start catching up.
Too much more of that fish food you'll be doing to baby.
So anyway, I don't want to talk anymore about angrosteen,
about the goldsteen, about any of those steens, okay?
Because, just you, you've got enough problems already.
I want to talk about somebody much more important.
I want to give you the real thing right now.
Mr. Call me irresponsible.
The weather furry does it again.
What did I tell you yesterday morning right about this time?
And I'm no meteorologist, baby.
I'm no rocket scientist.
But you did that when you've been through enough of these.
I mean, you start looking very rationally.
You realize that this hurricane wasn't going to...
It's not coming.
It's not hitting here.
What did I say yesterday?
Jesse Helms in North Carolina.
Isn't that what I said?
And where is the big hurricane warning today for Bonnie?
They got hurricane watches in South Carolina and Virginia.
But the warning is in North Carolina.
I stole a nail, and I didn't make a dime for telling you that.
But Brian Northcross, he's on there as late as yesterday.
And they're even using this clown on the CBS National Network News,
and he's poor Ed Bradley has to throw it to Brian Northcross.
And Brian threw it back.
He said, oh, that's not my type.
I have to put him on there on National CBS Network News.
The hysteria man.
Late yesterday afternoon, he's still saying, well, we're not on the woods yet.
And I was waiting for him to start doing what he did that one time a couple of years ago.
And we had another hurricane off.
Sure they never made it here.
And it already had passed as it was moving north of Palm Beach County.
And Brian was standing there in front of the camera trying to bring it back down with his hand.
And though, your hurricane too.
How do you like that?
He had popped up, and he was trying to bring it back down with his goddamn hand.
He brought you a simple tin baby ever since Hurricane Andrew Man.
His guy's ego is bigger than his goddamn, well, it's not saying much.
And he's just out of control.
Oh, yeah, you better watch.
You better go out and because the back down the hatch isn't going to get all that water and batteries.
Yeah, I bet you there's a lot of pissed off people today.
But they'll be ready for the next 10 or 20 hurricanes now,
because they went out and they got their supplies.
Baby, they got stuff that's going to last a year, 25, 25,
after we all been long dead and buried, they got supplies.
Because we've got hysterical people here who are totally irresponsible.
I want to give you the real thing here now.
Yeah, keep it, asshole.
10 minutes after 10 at 5.60, WQAM, WQAM.
So anyway, I got a replica of the Seagar.
Remember, we had that story yesterday from the drug report?
That's somebody faxed to us.
I miss red that I got to confess.
Well, I have to confess the two things.
Number one to show the TV show last night at 9.30, the Worst in History.
And part of the reason it was the Worst in History,
beside the fact that I was in Coherent and Mumbling and Babbling,
was the fact that I had in my Varnam 2T,
I had like a piece of Seagar in between my bottom two teeth.
I wonder where Monica's got a piece of Seagar, huh?
And I didn't have Janet Reno here to finger it out for me.
Monica, mate.
But at any rate, so we got an exact replica,
but I guess I'll have to watch the TV thing to see the replica of the Seagar.
No, this is a slick-wally Seagar that Monica was doing the nasty with.
Yeah, she was doing a little, oh, gee, that down there.
Maybe she even stuck it in a rectum one or two times.
Then of course, you have to wonder the light out back to that.
Well, you know slick-wally, he's got a good sense of humor.
So nice going, Monica.
And I got the goods on Monica today, by the way.
If you want to get the real story and anything in America,
I've been resisting this for years, but it's the truth.
If you want to get the real lowdown, the blowdown,
you've got to go and get the tabloids.
They'll tell you the real story behind the story,
and whether it's real or not, it's good stuff.
The star, baby, there she is right on the front.
Monica.
Bill gave me an engagement ring.
I thought he would divorce Hillary and marry me.
The security told me about the first lady and why I saved that towards where it rests.
Oh, we're going to get in all of this good stuff today.
We're getting into good stuff, baby.
It's splattering all over the goddamn place.
This, which is crazier than a bed bug.
And what we've seen about parasites on cigars, they grow in the leaves.
They're, you know, tiny like mites.
Yeah, they might, and they, you know, they might grow on the leaves,
they're cigar leaves, but that only kills them.
So are you suggesting that Monica might have mites in her eye?
Yeah, if you might have parasites and mites in her,
yeah.
Well, don't you think that some way ought to have an examination for that too?
Do you think Paul Shen, who gets rid of those?
Maybe we better call on those two great politicians, Bush Inspector,
to which I check that out.
Huh?
What?
I think that they better go, when it doubt, check it out.
There's some evidence.
We got to get all the evidence.
Because if it don't fit, oh, and guess how much mail I got yesterday?
Get ready.
Oh, none.
None.
So I get home.
I'm just furious.
Okay, I go over to my private box.
I open it up.
It's empty.
It's like Mother Hubbard's covered on a bad day.
I go home and I call my, you know, you open up the US Postal Service
and the White Pages and it's got each zip code.
It's got its own phone number.
And you go through the whole thing.
It's like a Phil Henry bed.
You know, dial one, press one.
If you rely, press once it on the floor.
Stick it up, you're asked.
I finally get somebody on there, a living and breathing lady,
who seemed fairly reasonable.
And she's giving me a song and a dance about, well, you know,
in the beginning, it's very, very slow.
I said, no kidding.
And then she's telling me like I said about,
was 17 days ago that I put in those change of address cards.
She says, well, have you gotten some mail yet?
I said yes.
Well, you know, that's pretty, pretty fortunate because usually it takes,
at least 10 to 14 days to get even the first bit, like,
boy, you should count your lucky stars, mister.
What you be complaining about.
So then I have to give her all the information.
Over again, she's going to like put a double check on it,
but have no fear.
She says, because in the beginning, it's very, very slow.
Because it's the rise now.
Whatever the hell that means.
Does that make any sense to you?
I'm trying to ask you just a couple of reasonable questions,
not screaming, not hysterical, about like,
what's the logic behind that?
Why would it be slow?
Once they put in the change of address,
and once it's in a computer,
why doesn't everything just automatically funnel over to a,
oh no, in the beginning, it's very, very, very slow.
Is what she said.
And I said, oh.
Here's a lady in Hellendale. Hello.
Hello.
Meal.
Yes?
Good.
I do.
Going to 76 year old lady.
Oh, and I just discussed it to you.
Oh no, my husband's been listening to you for years.
Uh-huh.
And I just want to tell you, you're just fantastic.
You're wonderful.
And I love listening to you.
Hi.
I want you at 9.30.
Yeah, you're the one.
And then I want you at 10.30 and I have to sit through
that stupid boy.
Oh, that's sports, you're killing me.
It's good.
You're rid of them.
They got to be deported, especially that laughing hyena guy
that's always grinning from ear to ear.
He's too happy for me.
Right.
Well, Zagazan.
Thank you.
And happy as Sukhas.
Be well.
And back to you.
So long.
Okay, how do you like that?
They love me in hell and hell.
Or cry from those old sunny Rosenberg days when that old bastard
was trying to get me off the air.
Oh, yeah, we're going to draft a resolution in the city of hell and
deal to try to get Neil Rogers off the air because he's making fun of us
seeing how old parts will be here in hell and hell.
Because he's telling the guy them truth.
Sonny Rosenberg and son of a bitch is still alive.
Boy, is it how they blow in hot air in here today or what?
Man, oh man, I think this is the day we get the gas in this joint.
It is steamy in here.
So I asked, please, anybody with our TV crew, if I have like a bunch of
schmutz, I would be well advised during a break early in the show to let me know to
tip me off.
Because that's all I kept looking at during that whole half hour, so to breast by
10 o'clock last night, I was so depressed by that 930 show on whammy.
I mean, the fact that it's stuck to begin with, that was bad enough, but the fact that
I had that theory to my teeth reminded me of that spot where the guy goes to
Japan for the big business meeting.
And his secret theories are like following them down the hall, they're wiping the
dandruff off the shoulders of a suit.
And they got them all spiffed up and then he goes meets the Japanese guy in
shakes his hand, opens up his mouth, he's got a big piece of like, you know,
mong between his teeth.
And that's what I had.
So I apologize profusely for that mong between my teeth.
Anybody out there ever have mong between their teeth?
I bet you did.
It's better than the mong that Monica's got between her teeth.
Here's a mobile in poppano. Hello?
Hey, Nina, how are you doing?
Okay, sir?
Long time first time.
Yes, sir?
Hey, do you know Jerry Glowow?
Do I know what?
Jerry Glowow.
No.
Okay, we have an open line of day one and Broward, 567-0560, pound 560, on our
prestigious AT&T wireless line.
Here's Boka. Hello?
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir?
Oh, boy, I got a fall down.
Uh-huh.
How you doing, buddy? I got a fall down.
Another one of our little spicks that's got no life.
Yes, go ahead.
I got a story.
I got a little fraternity, a little club of these guys.
Yeah, they're all squeezing and grabbing.
And when they're not squeezing and grabbing each other, they're grabbing our phone, yeah.
I was up in Atlantic City and I'm playing the mokin' around playing the dice games.
And I come up to one table and there's a bunch of guys and they're all winning.
And every time they would make the point, you know,
or they would start yelling out some of your cards.
All of a sudden I walk up and I hear, you know,
I hear the one guy going, I don't have any cavities because I don't have any teeth.
And then he would throw the dice.
And I got to know these guys and it was great. We had a fall.
Yeah.
So I just found you where up there.
What does that mean? They were from here?
Yeah, they just could have found us.
They're up in Atlantic City because there of course is nothing to do here.
And you don't want to go out on any of the boats here.
That's where they are. Sure.
We did that, by the way.
We went out on the boat and my dad was down and he wanted to gamble.
So we go out on one of the casino boats from Palm Beach.
We get there. They don't have the buffet.
So we're all starving and they're given a few crappy little sandwiches.
Yeah.
Well, that'll teach you to go on those damn cruise ships, I'm telling you.
You have to be out of your mind to go on that crap.
I know. We have stuck.
But hey, remember one thing, you guys were talking about parasites on the leaves of the tobacco.
Yeah.
You know, Castro hates our guts.
You can just imagine what you roll in those things because half the time,
whenever I'm out of these clubs, they smell like mong in there.
I don't know what. Yeah.
I mean, that's what it's all about.
You guys are smoking, you know, whatever.
He's probably shipping back the, you know, these guys that are smuggling in the illegal Cuban cigars.
He's probably sending us the same poisons cigar that we were trying to kill him with a few years ago.
That's right. Their cow passers are very clean over there if you know what I mean.
Yeah, they really are.
I'm glad to see you in Atlantic City.
Not what a horrible place that is.
But like he said, better to go on those cruise ships and get ripped off.
And since depots are concerned for all those little kids out there,
how about all the little kids that are listening to this radio station?
And instead of hearing about sports much of the time they're hearing about illegal gambling?
What about that, depot?
Mr. Self-righteous, Mr. Mr. Protector of the Youngsters of America?
I thought this was supposed to be a station where they discuss sports,
not giving the odds and every on Tiddly Wing's games.
We got about 15 hours of that crap on this station every day and day.
Oh, who do you like in the Mizzula State Arkansas Polytechnic Institute soccer game, huh?
What's a spread on that?
Thank God we don't encourage anybody to gamble illegally on this radio station.
Thank God for that, baby.
Oh!
So anyway, Monica's a big one.
Oh, I love this thing.
I just love the feeling texture of this.
I have never had anything this big.
I'll confess in my hands.
This is mammoth.
And this is a aliyados.
This is a real Cuban cigar, by the way.
This ain't one of those, this isn't make-believe.
This is an aliyados.
Joggenic a monster cigar.
Even Kathy Willis had a hard time dealing with this.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Here.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Funny I was calling you about a Christian story, too, that happened to me and my family this weekend.
We just got off the stopper to see it yesterday.
And something weird happened.
They said the hurricane was going to possibly come and hit us when we got out of that door.
So on the ship, the captain makes an announcement that they were pulling out at nine o'clock at night.
And we have to go out to see because of the saver, which means it's safer for them, not for us.
They can't be in port.
So everybody with any short version how to cancel it.
And then he said we're on a way to Cropo Cape for a wonderful day, which we've been waiting for for a year.
We get out to see about two hours later, as well as in gentlemen, I've got dead news for you.
And there was 2642 passengers on the ship.
The captain says, I'm sorry to tell you, but due to the unsure direction of Hurricane Bonnie, we're not going to Cropo Cape.
So everything was canceled and we ended up circling Fimini for the entire day on Sunday going around in circles doing nothing.
And everybody else, well, what are you going to do to help the passengers?
Nothing is an act of God. That's too bad.
And that's the way it is.
And there were a lot of eye-raised people on the ship.
There were too many things to come.
Exactly. They wouldn't do anything to compensate people on a future ship or anything on the cruise.
And what's your opinion? I think that's pretty unfair for all of us.
My opinion is don't do it again, pal.
I cruise ships. You couldn't give me one of those if you gave me a thousand dollars to gamble with.
One thing about Vegas, you know, even if it's like storming outside when you're inside a casino, you don't have to worry about it.
Don't have to worry about hurricanes, typhoons, natural disasters.
That's why I prefer Vegas myself because that's where you have a great time.
I know it's far in its ischlep, et cetera, et cetera.
But these people that want to go on these cruise ships, that's what's going to happen.
And the food blows, I don't care what anybody tells you.
The food blows.
And you wind up under with a crowd of all these old people with dandruff and diarrhea and gangrene and the, oh, God.
It's great. And then, of course, you're a captive audience.
Because once you're on there, you can't get off, so to speak.
Two open lines, and day one and brow at five six seven, oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line.
Wait till you see this George.
Hmm, this is going to be fun.
I saw it.
Yeah, but did you look at the wireless?
Well, we'll get to one of them on here. You're just going to pee your pants.
1026 at five sixty WQA. And you know, our friends.
You know where one glove get in for half price. Bring your kids. Get in free.
Splash around the high water pants, waiting pool.
Clip and slide around in the moonwalk moonwalk.
Check out the many noses of Michael Jackson and the elephant man's bones in the freak show museum.
The weather never changes inside the hyperbaric and closed dome chamber.
Hey kids, if you get a little tired walking around a majestic kingdom theme parking casino, join Michael in his king of pop size bed for a sleepover.
Don't worry, parents. There could be some big money in it for you in an out of court settlement.
You know, it's time to visit the majestic kingdom theme parking casino when the big hands on the little hand.
Don't associate it with Michael Jackson anyway, shape.
Okay, 10 30 at five sixty WQA. Let's see.
We got Jim Manditz today. How do you like that? Manditz for Hank who's still on vacation to the six Kimba Volkamp or briefly six to seven thirty.
And then we got the Marlins at the Cardinals.
Even though the Marlins have lost 2,000 games in a row, we finally stuck in it.
And then we got to the meat of the matter. The Marlins at the Cardinals tonight as Mark McGuire goes for number 54.
So anyway, world exclusive secret testimony revealed for the very first time.
Monica, I thought Bill was going to marry me.
So Monica, a classy bitch if there ever was one.
That's right. Monica Lewinsky has alleged that President Clinton gave her a silver engagement ring during the 18 month relationship star has learned this is in the star.
And if it's in the star, you know, it's the Emma's.
The 25 year old former intern at the center of the White House sex scandal made the bombshell disclosure to legal advisors as she prepared for her top secret testimony to the grand jury.
Monica told a friend, Bill called a differentiate bring, but to me it meant that we were secretly engaged.
I still have that ring. We were secretly engaged.
I was convinced without a doubt that he would divorce Hillary after he left office and marry me.
Amazingly she told her friends that she still hopes someday Bill Clinton will be all hers.
That's right. This is after she testified by the way after she whipped out her address with a stain and all this other business.
She still hopes that someday Bill will be all hers.
He knows that I still love him Monica said nothing's impossible if you want it badly enough.
The friend who talked with Monica on a regular basis in the days before she testified before the same Washington grand jury as President Clinton reveals that she also claims she set out to seduce Clinton from her first day on the job in the White House.
She once had sex with him in the back seat of the presidential limo.
Oh my God.
Okay. Clinton complained to her that he was unhappy with Hillary because the first lady did not satisfy his needs.
Monica kept the infamous blue dress with a presidential semen on it for evidence as my ace in the hole in case Bill's powerful friends ever tried to destroy me.
It was her ace in the what hole.
But the friend says that Monica is now shattered by the devastating impact that her testimony about the sexual activities in the White House is had on Clinton.
The only man the starry eyed young woman in Siss she has ever loved.
Got it? Are you following this please take notes.
She cries herself to sleep at night to source the close source tell star about the shaken young woman. She's shaking it.
Monica says over and over again.
I prayed and cried for months that I wouldn't have to testify against the man I love and that I could keep the damn dress hidden forever.
But I had no choice.
My mother told me sweetie you can't go to jail for that man. I won't allow it.
Now she just prays that the president can somehow forgive her and that someday he'll love her again.
The source says that Monica who now divides her time between a luxurious apartment in the famous Watergate complex in Washington DC
and her father and step others cozy at costly home in Brentwood California Brentwood.
Hey guess who we can get to get her.
Swear that she and Clinton never had intercourse never ever she says never never never ever.
In fact Monica said their intimate moments involved only groping, fondling, kissing and oral sex.
Oh my god.
The sex was quick and fast the friend quotes Monica telling her but to me it meant everything because I loved him.
Although stars been unable to confirm her story she insisted to the friend that she and the president got it got it on in the back seat of a big black limousine, a big black limousine riding around Washington.
Being guarded by a big black guy named Eisen.
I'd always begged him to take me out somewhere she claimed even though I knew he really couldn't go to a restaurant a movie or anything like that.
I felt so loved and so important that night.
It was the only time she said that they did anything sexually outside the White House.
She said that all the other sex campaigns took place in a study of joining the Oval Office sometimes on a sofa.
Monica said that she once begged the president to take her up to the families of private living quarters in the White House when Hillary was out of town but Bill refused.
Somebody else I guess must have been waiting up there.
It wasn't that I wanted to do anything with him up there she said but I was curious to see how he lived.
Monica told the friend about her bizarre relationship with the president.
Bill never discussed marrying me but he did tell me that he loved me and loved being with me.
Oh boy.
He said that he thought I was very pretty and intelligence for some of my age.
Other sources tell star that many of Lewinsky's friends think she was living in a fantasy world.
Clinton discovered the only way he could keep Monica happy was by letting her believe that someday he'd be all hers at one source.
It's not like he promised to the world but he didn't say little things which Monica read a lot more into them what was actually being said.
Boy that's the first isn't it?
Oh God.
Clinton became her dream man.
She had visions of walking on the beach hand and gland in hand with him in Malibu.
Someday after the year 2000 after he divorced Hillary and was working in Hollywood and starting a new life with Monica.
Monica became consumed by her infatuation with the president.
She wanted his baby.
She wanted to be his wife.
And by making the imply promises he did Clinton was playing right into that right into her hands.
Monica's friend tells star that although she's never met Hillary Rodden Clinton or the Clinton's daughter Chelsea the ex interned and gleefully admits I hated Hillary.
That bitch.
I turned against her after Bill told me my wife does not satisfy my needs.
She's just not interested in what I am is what he said.
That's right.
I'll admit that though I was also jealous of her because she is after all married to him.
Monica became tyranny and emotional when telling why she lied at first about her sexual involvement with continued on page 8.
Clinton.
I did it to protect that man.
I loved and still loved she said while adding that the president never ordered me to lie to protect him.
But you know you can sense when somebody wants you to do something without coming without insisting it.
Let's just say that I was under very subtle pressure that an eye or a fair if it ever came up if it ever popped up.
He said that what we were doing isn't really sex Monica said and when I went and looked up sex in the dictionary because I was a little bit confused.
Are you following this?
She went and looked it up in the dick.
Scenario because she was a little confused but eventually came to the same decision even though deep down I knew what the truth was.
She looked it up in the dick.
Scenario.
And she said this isn't really sex is it?
No.
Monica made no secret in the fact that it was she who pursued the president not the other way around.
She admitted that she made the first move in her sexual affair with the president as soon as she began her job as an intern at the White House in November of 1995.
I made sure he noticed me when I was interning Monica Bragg.
I made sure that he could tell by the way I looked at him that I was definitely available to him.
I flirted every chance I got.
Those reputation was no secret so I knew he'd pick up on my signals.
I'd wear something low cut once I flashed him a peek at my phone panties and sure enough he did.
He peeped.
I knew that if we were alone something was going to happen.
And it did.
Monica claimed that she had sex with the president.
The very first day she worked in the West Wing near the oral office according to one source, the first guy damn day.
I wore a very sexy dress my first day and it did the trick.
The source quote through his saying.
We never said a word to each other until he's signal for me to join him in his orifice.
He passed by me three times on that day and the third time gave me a signal to meet him in the orifice.
That's right.
I was shocked that we actually fooled around especially since it was my first day on the job in that part of the White House.
But it was a total turn on.
It was so sexy the first time.
Without a doubt Bill Clinton is one of the kindest men I've ever met.
And the absolute truth is that I pursued him says Monica.
I wanted him and I got him.
Monica told her close friends about her anguish about providing prosecutors.
The blue dress she had saved with president Clinton's semen on it.
Monica said the dress became stained by Clinton after she deliberately aroused him in the study of the oral office.
We both were embarrassed when he did that to my dress.
Monica recalled.
And I was scared to death that one of the secret service men standing guard outside would see it.
I kept my hand over it when I walked out but my knees were really knocking.
Her knees were knocking.
She kept her hand over it and the drama stained too.
Oh God this is good.
She said she deliberately kept the unwashed dress in her closet ever since then.
I was told that if Kenneth star ever got hold of my dress the president would be toast.
Well now they have the dress and I betrayed the only man I've ever loved and still loved.
She cheerily admitted that my mother thought it was a clever move keeping the dress for so long.
I knew that Bill wouldn't just let me hang out there to dry over our fair but his friends would have done it in a heartbeat if I didn't have some evidence to fight them.
I knew that my mom knew that.
First stunningly beautiful mother Marsha Lewis 49.
His divorce from Monica's dad Dr. Bernard Lewinsky and his number to the rich and powerful Democratic political power broker Robert Strauss 75.
Robert Strauss who was the former chairman of the Democratic Party.
Oh my God.
The friend told star when Monica told her mother that she had this never laundered blue dress with stains to prove that she and Clinton were sexually involved.
She said her mother told her get that dress to me as fast as you can.
I'll make sure nothing happens to it.
Mama said.
Mama La dress.
Another source says the end of the relationship between Clinton and Monica came when she began making demands on him.
Monica started falling in love with the president was pressuring him for real dates and full sexual relations the source explains.
He became so fed up with being used as the president's sex doll that one day she gave him an ultimatum.
Satisfied me sexually or that's it Bill promised her it would get better and more intimate as soon as he figured out the logistics to make it work.
That was the last time Lewinsky met with the president alone.
He decided at that point it was over.
Get out of here you bitch.
Friends now say though they were here for the health of the overweight and overstressed Monica.
Twice she was strongly advised to see a shrink and she did go into therapy but right now nothing helps.
We listen to pressure.
Meaning.
That's right.
She's went and down.
She's picking out.
She's shoveling it down her purse and a food too.
Twice she's been to fat farms but the last time she only stayed for a couple of days she was too distracted to stick with her.
Now Monica is getting sensitive about her weight and her image that she even phoned up a comedy writer she knew in LA and demanded to get word to Jay Leno to stop making such horrible jokes about her.
She never wanted any of this to come out this way it all sounds so sort of dirty but her it was beautiful.
Her was deep and mutual love.
You can't imagine how devastated she is.
It's taken a gigantic toll on her.
What are we going to do with a big fat one and Monica's huh?
Oh my god.
Does that give you a little bit better insight as to what kind of a psycho bitch we'd be talking about here?
Crazy or then a bed bug?
Yeah.
And mommy says get that dress to me right away.
I'll take good care of it for you.
I got my book writer over here and the guy's going to write the screenplay.
Oh yeah.
Lonely 50.
Lonely 50.
$2 million right.
So there you go.
Twenty before 11 and 560 WQM.
You A.M.
Here's the cuts for Saturday, November 29, 1997.
King Nein.
Yellow, I'm Captain B.J. Boy Bobbin.
Welcome to another Shatterday Morning Edition of Tight Lines and Good Fishin.
We'll ask Knight I ran into some rough waters in a nature department store
when the toilet's overflowing.
But that didn't deter me from this covering an unusual variety of glory holds.
Now the first one was of a downed variety with a rough jagged texture
that maybe a small one could get through safely but well I wouldn't advise it.
The other one was meticulously centered drilled to three inches in diameter
and reinforced with a beveled plastic safety ring.
And somebody took real care to let the big ones on through.
Where are they biting tonight?
Well I suggest dealers, Nordstroms or even Walmart.
Well that's all for now.
I'm Captain B.J. Boy Bobbin.
Tight Lines and Good Fishin.
You're looking for glory holds.
Okay 1045 at 560 WQM. Happy Tuesday to you.
We've got 400 open lines here of course.
We got one week there were...
Hang on, what is it? One week?
But we can have to labor day till we get through that.
Almost two weeks. Oh my god.
And then once we get past that there might be some living and breathing people coming back to town
and just maybe life will be a little bit easier, huh?
Maybe we can proceed.
Two open lines and day two and Broward 567-0560.
Pompive 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Weston. Hello.
Weston.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Neil.
Yes.
Okay.
Hi.
See I've been watching a show on ramming.
Yes?
Ever since I got out of school man I'm 17.
The show is great.
Yeah.
Well...
Sir for last night when I had that mung between my teeth.
Okay. Well...
So I'm at comparison with the igwire.
What is it?
The comparison.
You know the...
You know the A's, now he's with the Cardinals.
Yeah.
And what does he call that?
What does he take?
The...
The...
The same thing as right-em and see.
Yeah he's taking a lot of vitamin C like Monica was doing.
We have an open line and day one in Broward 567-0560.
Pompive 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's...
Oh let's do highly upwork with 25 question marks as we know who it is.
Hello.
Hey Neil how's it going?
Okay.
Hey man, how about them hurricanes out there sitting out there?
Now one goes away and Channel Sound is already bumping up eight more of them.
Uh-huh.
They're bumping it.
Yeah, bumping everything over there.
Hey Neil, let me ask you a question now.
Yeah.
Can that frequency went off the air right?
You did?
Yeah, I guess it did.
No it did not.
What are they in high 80s right now?
Are they running repeats though?
They're running our new original craft every night.
Hey how can I get a copy of your...
Why would you say that it went off the air when they got a...
Crap.
Yeah, why would you do that?
Because we called them yesterday and said they were off the air.
You called who?
Anthony Moreno.
Where's the one thing that was off the air?
Uh-huh.
Okay, whatever you say.
Another jacket.
Another one here of people.
I'm telling you.
Two open lines in day one and brown.
Five, six, seven, eight, five, six, eight, five, six, eight.
Who does Anthony Moreno?
Is his boyfriend or is it somebody who works over there, huh?
Is somebody who works there?
He's the host.
A host.
A host.
The host?
I thought that's what you're supposed to put in your mouth at, uh...
Communion.
Is that what you put in your mouth, the host?
Now what Phil says?
The host.
Okay, let's go to a candle.
Phil, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I'm home with a broken foot, but I'm taking time out to help you with your male problem.
Uh...
I don't have a meal problem, I have a meal.
Me, a meal.
Oh, I see.
I'm a proud member for 23 years of the best male system in the world, the United States possible.
The world's worst, yeah.
The world's worst.
Let me tell you, I'm having a good day.
Even the other one in the house of Siberia, they have better delivery and better service than we got here.
No way.
At lower price.
No way.
Yeah, you're in tea.
Okay, now, wait.
Listen, local male, we got 90 percent, at over 90 percent delivery the next day.
Now, the problem is this, if you have a male coming from the state, that's a two or three days delivery.
Number one.
Number two.
When that...
Well, what do you have to do with changing my address?
Okay, but we're talking about 18 days today, and a lot of male I've gotten, you could stick in your rectum and have lukewarm left over for Monica.
That is not acceptable.
Let me...
Very good.
It is not acceptable.
Okay, I agree with you.
I concur wholeheartedly.
Let me explain to you what happened.
When your male comes, it comes first to the male, the main processing facility, you know, prowered.
Right.
From there, it goes to your old station.
Now, your old car...
My very old...
Your old car, you had to send it back to the main processing center so that they can put the yellow label on it.
You know, for the computer.
From there, it goes to the new station where you live now.
So, if you have a problem, where it's taken that long,
it has to originate from your old station with your old carrier, who may not be sending the mail.
What do you mean with my old carrier?
I've got 15...
I used to have like one guy, Rick, who's a good guy.
He used to deliver my mail for a long time.
Then he's on a different route now, whatever in the neighborhood, but not my street.
Then I had a very nice blind lady who delivered it for a long time.
I knew her, she knew me.
And now there's a different mail carrier, a letter carrier on that street.
Every three days, there's somebody different on there.
So you got a call?
In fact, the person that I gave the cards to, I never even saw this guy again.
I never saw before, I'll never see him again.
Okay, what you got to do, Neil?
You got to talk to the manager of your old station.
Yeah, I really called there yesterday, and after getting 72 different punching one and two
and punching somebody in the push, I got to run around.
All right, well, the problem's got to be there to see if there is a problem.
There is a problem.
Where it's not going through the problem.
He said it's really, really slow in the beginning.
Okay, well...
What kind of an answer is that? It's really slow.
Well, at the beginning, because in other words, they have to put the new address on the computer.
Okay?
But once it's in there, in other words, if I'm already getting mail sent to that address,
that means it's at the computer, right?
So once that's done, what's the excuse for all the rest of it that's sitting piling up somewhere
that it's taken so long for the pony to get across town?
The main problem's got to be with your old station.
If they're not sending the mail right away, the main processing center.
Okay?
Well, why would they be doing that? What are they doing?
Holding out a word for a rainy day?
Well, they are all busy.
You would like to pay my bills, Tommy, is that it?
It is supposed to be sent daily.
Okay? They're supposed to send it out daily, well...
Okay, let me say it again. I went to that box on Saturday, nothing.
Zipity Duda, empty. Like mother Hubbard's covered.
I went there yesterday. I slept over there yesterday after work.
Again, empty. Zipity Duda. I asked the guy that works there.
I said, is the mail up from today? Everything's up.
My box empty one more time, okay?
That may not be possible.
So I get more mail in one day on a normal day than all the people who listen to this show put together.
Okay, now what's going to get? You're just going to get bulk mail.
You know where it's junk mail.
I'm talking first class mail. I'm talking bills.
I'm talking about real mail. The check from Ed McMahon, whatever it is that I'm waiting for.
Real honest to God mail. Where is it?
Okay, well, my advice to you, Neil. Number one.
Any...
Get a gun.
Any real important mail like checks that you're expecting.
Call those people and give them your number.
What?
Respecting checks from David from Awanny.
He's... who knows where the hell he is with my check.
Okay, well...
If the people...
Right, I have the check and then David had the check.
No, I think Pat Joe had the check and he cashed in 8... 8 of all up, yeah.
Well, I have an 8 to check.
Anything important? Call these people...
Well, it's on the account.
I'm going to eat it.
Okay, but the other mail is going to take longer than usual because there's like two or three steps involved in getting your mail.
Well, one other mail. What other mail you'll be talking about?
Well, any... in other words, what I'm saying is if you have a real important mail you're expecting.
Okay, call those people.
Like bills, you're electric bill, you're phone bill, you're credit card bill.
Like mail that ordinary regular honest to God, people get every day.
That's important mail.
Yes, it is.
Because I like to pay my bills like sometime this year, you know?
Well, it should take at most like three or four more days from normal.
That's at most, but it should take not 18 days.
Yeah.
So, you know, if you...
Well, today is day number 18 and counting.
Okay, well, that's a good...
And if I go over there this afternoon after a luscious mommy's house, there's no mail in my box.
I'm going to pop a gut, okay?
I'm going to pop a bone and pop a gut.
Listen, our motto is, you lick it and we stick it in the body fuck.
Yeah, that's exactly. That's right.
Have a great day, pal.
Feel better.
Oh my God.
That's exactly how we start Tom Hopkins with Kenny, what he said.
Lick it and stick it.
That's the motto with the US Postal Service, baby.
And a stick it right inside your...
Inside your...
Back home, deep.
It's hard to do that with a cigar in your purse and your hand, too.
Dade County lines are open, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
Pond 5, 60, on the AT&T wireless line.
Service in America, baby. It's an oxymoron.
You can't complain about the service in this country because there isn't any.
I said that on Dan Rather, how many years ago, about 100 years ago,
when I did that stupid interview,
and it's the same today only worse and gets worse by the minute.
And you people are working for the post office, you ought to be ashamed of yourselves.
They delivered a mail in my neighborhood now 6, 15, 6, 30 at night,
midnight to a clock in the morning, whenever they get around to it.
You think Monica, you think the president's getting a lot of action?
God only knows what they're doing. I know God damn routes are routes.
They're tapping the route is what they're doing.
Here's a mobile and little Havana, hello.
Yeah, that's going on, buddy.
Yes, sir.
What the hell is that guy talking about the post office?
He said they suck and I said he was right.
They are the worst. I don't know what I'm up to.
I'm up to stick it. Yeah.
I bought a house about 2 years ago,
and the gentleman I bought it from,
he's still getting mail delivered to my house.
The guy's got to come by once a week.
He's been to all the post office.
He's called the postmaster general. He's called everybody.
He's called Bill Clinton and he's taking mail sent to my house.
How do you like that?
It's ridiculous.
And they still want to raise the price of stamps.
Right now, then, now that's going to be 34 cents in a few months.
They're going to keep raising it again and again and again.
And the service keeps getting worse.
How can it take 18 days? Like I said before,
if the mail was over there in sunrise and my old post office out there on Hyatus Road,
I could walk. I could walk it from there to where my new box is over there
and back to my house in less than 18 days.
It's ridiculous. It's ridiculous, buddy.
Anyways, I love your show.
I love your program on TV and George Par, your douchebag.
Okay. Okay, two open lines in day two and Broward.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
10, 55, 5, 60, QM.
We've got Mark McGuire and the Cardinals.
Insane Lewis. The Marlins will be there.
Night then, of course, they're going to be here next week.
And that place will be Rockin' and Jammin'
and the chance of there being anybody in that stadium
if it weren't for Mark McGuire to see the pathetic Marlins and the Cardinals left of them.
And the Cardinals next week who are also having a bad year,
there would be nobody there next week.
You could have your own section except for Mark McGuire.
So let me say it again. I take great umberage.
I take great exception when any of these self-proclaimed experts get on the year,
most of whom don't have any idea what they're talking about.
And bap bap bap bap bap, start to try to pee on everybody's parade.
It's 11 o'clock at 5.60 WQM.
We made it all the way to 11 o'clock at a market of 96 points.
Thank God for that, but don't count it to two-fast.
Okay? Yesterday it got off to a big start.
Kind of disappointing, you know, it looks really, really grim.
And they got all these experts on there, but a beep, but a boop, but above now,
they all had a big frown on their face and out of single one of them got any idea
what they're talking about.
We have two open lines in date, 5.67.05.60,
POM 5.60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Dear Field Beach. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, man?
Great. Um, listen, I haven't been able to catch your show on TV
because I got to damn DSF and I'm too lazy to put up an antenna, you know?
Yeah. But what about that time last night on A&E?
They had their investigative reports, you ever watch that show?
Sure, all the time. I love the head of.
Big fluff piece on it. I don't like Bill Curtis, but I love the shot.
I can't stand him. He's melodramatic for me.
Yeah, he's like, it's like a full craft.
They did a big fluff piece on Hillary last night.
Yeah. And it was so over a rock.
I already saw that. When?
That must be a repeat.
It must have been a repeat because they showed her, did they show the shots when she was young?
Do you understand why Chelsea has her hair the way? That's how Hillary looked when she was young.
She looked just like Chelsea. I looked at that and I said, oh my God.
Oh my God. She is as God.
One of the ugliest families ever.
Yeah. Next to the Carter's.
Yeah, and it was just, it was just the butt sucking like fluff piece and it was so overroddened or mad.
It was making me sick.
Well, she wouldn't do what the president wanted to do. That's the deal.
That's what Monica says. Right.
She wouldn't do what the president wanted, she wasn't into it.
You read that out of the star? Is that where it was coming from?
Of course. Where the hell did you get the real news?
Of course. You know, it's the truth.
The other thing I heard you talking a few weeks back, but I couldn't get through is, um...
She, and my wife does not satisfy my needs.
She's not interested in what I am.
He told Monica.
Basically, I don't know. I talk to a few people.
I consider her right-wing. I don't know if you consider her right-wing.
But you come across these people and they try and say, well, you know, if you're the president, you have to have ethics.
I said, give me a break, man.
What does ethics have to do with sex?
What does ethics have to do with being the president? What does being a politician?
And what are right-wingers know about ethics anyway?
Exactly. And it's like every president ever, it's just the damn media.
What the hell does this have to do with him running the country, his sexual exploits?
In fact, I was yesterday when I left here because we had the ball game on, which I wouldn't listen to when I'm totally left.
I punched over to La Daz Limbaugh, which I never listened to that cow, spewing his right-wing horsecraft.
Right.
And he was carrying on about how Clinton was trying to compare himself, you know, as Commander-achief to FDR and Eisenhower and this and that,
and about what great, you know, they didn't care about their image and they did this, they did that.
And I'm thinking to myself, yeah, they also screwed around. They both had mistresses just like Clinton, okay? So what's the difference?
Even when you tell them.
Even Nixon reportedly had mistresses.
Chinese mistresses, yes?
It's sickening. The other thing I wanted to tell you was, I don't know who coined that phrase, the dumbing of America, was it you?
Yeah.
I drive around here all day in South Florida.
And you say something to somebody, you're courteous, good mornings, and they look at you, they give you a dumpster, you're like a kid's animal.
Right.
And hostile. The word is, this is a hostile place.
Right. It's not as friendly as meeting a cage cobra.
The other thing too is that I'm driving up to work and I notice all the time that, like, for instance, there's a movie theater up here in Hillsboro Boulevard.
Yeah.
Now, there's a movie called The Negotiator. Have you heard of that movie?
No.
The Mozar Listick.
Yeah. And where's my favorite those Mozar Listicks?
Yeah, and I get letters as people.
The Floridians, dumb as dirt.
There you go.
This state makes me nauseous.
It's really disheartening and sickening that people are really stupid. They're surly.
Right.
And the whole country is anti-social, right?
About the Reigners Barbaric?
Yeah.
Subhuman.
And have a great day. Thank you.
Okay, you just summed up everything that I've been saying for the last, what, 200 years?
But hey, we'll get you a pal.
In spite of them, in spite of these assholes.
We have two open lines in date, two and brown.
Let's see what I'm saying. They're anti-social.
They're anti-socialized. They're all alone in a goddamn room.
I don't have no, I don't have any lesbians. I don't have any strippers.
I don't have any freaks. I don't have any goddamn damn dicks.
I'm just sitting here in a goddamn room looking to sit here in their gays.
She's in the verbal intercourse.
You know, this guy that called this morning, it makes you want to throw up your hands and just say,
what's he used?
This wasn't a little kid that called the worst team toward the end of their show this morning.
Asking his Roger Marist still alive.
On a sports show, a guy that's supposedly a sports fan is Roger Marist still alive.
Is Babe Ruth still alive? How's he doing?
How about Lou Gehrig? Is he doing pretty good?
Is he still the luckiest goddamn man on the face of the earth?
How's Ty Cod doing? How's Abe Lincoln today? He ever get over that headache?
Is Roger Marist still alive? Do these people read a newspaper?
No.
Do they watch anything besides the goddamn, do they read anything but the funny paper?
No.
Do they watch anything besides Jerry Springer on her goddamn TV set?
No.
See, that's what kills me about these women that we have such a hard time getting to the women with this show.
Although we had a two-sharing woman in this last book, which considering for this station,
you know what they had in women, the rest of it like my new fractions?
Because women don't listen to a sports station.
So we did a two-share, which is quite a bit, but we always do a two-share, even on the other goddamn station.
Oh, my wife hates you, my girlfriend hates you.
What is that? They're all busy watching goddamn Jerry Springer.
There's a good intellectual show for you. There you go.
There's something in the air, there's something in the water here, man.
I still haven't figured. Here I am 600 years later, and I still haven't figured out what the hell it is.
Well, let's take this one with 600 question marks in Medley. Hello.
Yeah, hello, Neil. What's up?
Okay, so...
I'm going to tell you that I'm angry because where I work, they had to take out the radio where I listen to your show from 10 to 2
because customers are coming in complaining.
Oh, 10 to 9. That guy is still making his dinner.
Oh, now I spend, you know, $100 to get a nice play.
And then I'm supposed to be in the...
You get a nice one.
Sorry?
$100 to get a nice one.
Yeah.
Just to put it in the room, and I work at changing tires at a bird tire over on Bird Road, and they're coming in there.
Then I'm supposed to be in there, and they're going to...
Because they want to make sure you do the tire balance them correctly.
Well, kick their ass out of there. Tom, get their order out of it.
I do. They don't want the entire police.
They went to the manager, and now they got the radio to get up.
Now you're a show of sparing in the damn shop.
Well, quick the job. Go work in a real place. So, can you get off that bird?
We have two open lines, and day one and Broward.
5667-0560, pound 560 on a mobile one line.
What do you mean, you don't believe them?
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neo, hi.
Okay.
Listen, I work for the post office, offer.
Well, I apologize, then, that you have such a crappy place you work for.
Well, listen. Did you fill out form 1125?
Sir, I filled out the form.
Whatever the hell the form is, and I received back both in my old address at my house,
and also in my new box, all those nice forms that we received this, and yadda yadda yadda.
I got all its all kosher and legal, and the mail has started coming.
So, there's no problem with form is filling out, sir.
The problem is with the snail, the snail-like pace of these service to the postal service.
But a lot of times people don't realize just how much work we have.
A lot of times we, we...
Sir, let me say it to you again.
When the mail comes in on Monday, I could walk it over from the my old post office on Hey,
this road to my new box where I got it.
I could walk it over there in less than 18 days.
Sir.
You're not happy with the service.
Would you be?
Would you like to wait 18 days for your mail to be transferred?
It's not like I moved to Missoula, Montana or somewhere.
I'm by...
But that's not unreasonable nowadays.
18 days?
But, I'm not sure, is that...
That's not an unreasonable amount.
And then, let me say it again.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Today is 18 days.
Just a minute, sir.
Today is 18 days.
But that doesn't mean today all of a sudden all the mail from the 7th of August is going to show up.
You follow what I'm saying?
So, got on there a lot.
How many days?
Are the way we work, are...
Blah.
What, where's the...
We have up to 25 days.
Up to 25 days for what?
To get it there.
From...
That's almost a month.
But that's the way we work.
We have up to 25 days.
I could...
I could scrap the mail to my dog's ass.
I was a rubber band.
I could strap a package around my dog's ass, with with all that mail in there.
And he could walk from my the Ole Haidus Road over when I knew places in plantation.
And, in, uh... few hours.
But they give us up to 25 days for some places.
Why?
Are you that slow in daughtering?
You can't get the job done.
What are you guys doing over there?
No, because we're under dashed, so...
I don't know how that's.
Yeah.
I don't know why, because we're only paying 32 cents for a letter,
that we used to pay three cents for because that one you understand you know that's not
a priority once the mail goes from another party what is your priority getting late in
the back room there what is your priority over there at the post office you seem hostile
and I'm not going to see a hostile I am hostile I seem hostile but I'm just not what is a
priority what is a priority that we have 25 days if we can do with you if that's not a
priority get in people there will be a lot of the priority sir answer my question what's
your priority no our priority to get the mail to you yeah but once it goes from a different
address we have up to 25 days depending on how much what let me tell you sir that blows that sucks
that's not really do get it within two or three days but sometimes it does go at 15 16 18 days
yeah we don't we don't like that but sometimes that happens why is that we we I mean we get a lot
of complaints people's electric bills and think I can understand yeah okay and but that's the
best we can do sometimes well why is that the best you can do are you playing well in the back
room well our biggest problem is they got to increase you got a microphone a back there and
everybody's lined up taking time I mean what's the story now no no we we know if they raise the
price of the stamp the 45 cents we can probably get it to you with 45 cents you can get it to me
within how much two or three days oh two or three days if they raised it to 45 cents how about
if I gave you a dollar how about that could you get it to me in five minutes no good you guys stuck
it off my show get out of here oh my god bet that bet bet bet bet bet bet bet bet bet if you paid us
45 cents a lot I'll give you a 45 I wouldn't give you a 45 I know it's okay that was that was one of
the great calls in history I seem a little bit hostile that's not one of our per well it is our
priority it's not a priority I want my goddamn man you jackass now stories that'll give you stories
they give you lips are is but I mean but I'm up for them they got a tent dance they're doing a soft
you you guys suck okay like I said guys my neighborhood delivering a male 6 30 at night what is
that guy doing all day long do he be lost or what 10 minutes after 11 and 5 here's Miami hello
Miami yeah how you doing sir yeah I'm talking about the Monica Lewinsky story you're ready today yeah
and she's obviously one of these typical psychos that why would you be saving their dress with all
of stains on and everything for a certain long time to bring it up in his face later right it's
kind of a kind of psycho just stick it in this face he stuck in her face now she's sticking his face
yeah obviously always wanted to keep it just in case she needed something from that's right here
she told me get out here crazy and then I went when is the bottom out there when is the mainstream media
when is the mass media I mean forget about star tabloid magazine what are they going to start telling
more about her and what kind of our character she is and what a what a piece of crap she is why
don't we hear anything about that the only thing we hear about her from the mainstream media is
about how we're supposed to feel so sorry for her and her life is tattered and insured and she's
trying to put her piece back together again but your horse craft open line is day two and
brownered five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's Coral Springs hello
hello Neil can't hear you you're a hello Neil 1000 miles away yes sir how are you okay okay I just
want to talk about the the guy who called you the postal worker yeah called you they call me
just moments ago exactly took only 500 days of what am I complaining about and that's the best they
can do if I give him twenty five dollars a letter he might be able to do it faster within two or three
days exactly sir you just it's just a nerve on a FedEx driver and we listen to you religiously
out here I love FedEx by the way airborne express sucks but I love FedEx okay and I've been working
with the company 13 years and we do a good job because we care about our customers right and
like this guy first he says well that's not our number one priority what is their number one
priority squeeze as much money out of us as they can that's the one the my post I have a good
relationship out here with my uh person who delivers the mail to my house yeah uh they're here
every day at the same time no problem oh that by me but that's the thing it's like sort of like
the 50 excuses he was trying to give you it boils down to like if the station that's close to
got a bad manager and they have everything all screwed up then you got to get screwed up service
well I got news for this station got a real bad manager uh your station too you're station two
yeah but that's the way I look at it you know if they don't have their stuff together and uh that
you're gonna I call up this bitch yesterday and she's giving me a song and a dance about what you
know I should consider myself lucky that I got any mail within the first ten to fourteen days
like I should go have a party and celebrate because I got a few little dribs and grabs a mail
in less than uh 200 days or something well you know that was an answer I couldn't believe it
they have an excuse for everything new so it's like today I got to envelope on my truck that's
got a bad address on it what I did was I called the dispatcher they called the recipient
to correct the address and I'm gonna deliver it later on today unbelievable so they can't they just
don't get it new well god we all love you out here god bless federal express they care so have a
great day yeah FedEx is great unfortunately certain companies uh switched over to airborne express
which blows by the way the big one yeah I had some of my plant tickets sent to me airborne express
a few weeks ago they lost the package so the company had a reissue the tickets incentive
FedEx which they were there the next day with FedEx but airborne Express bites they must be
related to the people who work at the post office yeah this is America today now this is the new
deal uh you expect service from us are you crazy this is the best we can do we're kind of slow
over here we're disorganized and we're understanding I don't want to hear sob stories I'd like to get my
mail sometime before they stick my fat pimply ass in the ground okay you jackass that was a class
that was a great call that that was the definitive call about the attitude about most people in
America they about service what do you expect them at some time like soon no I figure like after
I'm starting to and you know the best part of it is like for example if you get an electric bill
and you don't pay it or you like lose it and then how they send you that that kind of white envelope
and you know what you're saying when you get that one has to they're about ready to give you five
days they're going to shut off your electric well guess what if they do send you that when it's
still going to be the old address and you're still not going to get it for another 500 days
so thank you so much US Postal Service Man you guys blow and I'm lucky enough evidently there
will be in an area that they in a particular post office where they have they can't figure out
what their goddamn asses they got both hands on each other's ass but not on the goddamn US mail the
only mail that got us spelled M-A-L-E I think that's what they're doing over there damn faggots
where are we going a mobile in Miami hello
I'm going to you yes sir more complaints regarding the Postal Service
it's the most yeah you're chronic it out of here
day do we have anybody alive and date who isn't one of those 10 Julios or isn't one of these chronic
come on there must be somebody in Dave County your kids are back in school now let's get with it
oh they're not back in school no what are they going back not soon enough no when I don't know
indeed I thought they were back I thought next week in Broward and I thought
Dave County this week not not back oh you're right because the school thing was not this morning
oh my god and I'm sitting here counting the minutes we got another good couple of weeks before
we have any opportunity for like a show so again I take back my apology for the crappy show we
had on Miami last night what do you expect first they got a finger hard teeth all of that what
do you want and then they keep showing me with these stupid phone calls stop putting a goddamn stupid
phone calls on here will you you idiots that damn Rob again no wonder he won't show his face in here
and he's these people here this crew they think I don't like Rob I love Rob I would like to you know
well Rob Rob I'd like to Rob Rob there you go very good nice going fetch you see he's lost
little ways actually got my line you got a line Joe said he you don't got no line tight lines
and good fishing for you so anyway here's a mobile deer field beach hello hello Neil yes
thinking about the postal workers there's a postal worker they suck
invention going out at the Howard County Convention Center this one that's what they're all doing
they're all into convention they can't that's not a priority to worry about our male they're busy
adidling each other with the convention their invocation they can't live your male that's why
is that it that's it I sure hope they're having a good time oh they're having a blast great
why this and I work in a restaurant a forced restaurant right across the street from the
convention center yeah lastly last night they've 18 of them made an appointment our main
reservation to come in for dinner when we have big parties we say hey can we put 18% on the
check for the tip they said no they denied so they come in they get seven free bottles of wine
a hundred and twenty dollars of the free wine you know what they ask me do we have to tip on that wine
and then they say oh do we have to pay the tax on the wine too
hmm hmm these are the people that are serving us meal nice it's scary thanks for the good news thank you
there you go that's the answers are question right there they're all busy at their convention
they're all sitting around diddling each other laugh it up their sleeve about how they get everybody's
male level every whenever the hell they feel like it we have two open lines are both a course in
date county which is dead or an adorning a lot apologize because I didn't realize I thought the kids
in date were back to school and everybody was back to kind of like a normal life if there was
such a thing in date county I apologize profusely we don't expect it to call but if you wanted to
month one school Monday five six seven oh five sixty five sixty on a mobile one line when that's
not too bad because now I got David rubbing my check from whammy the one it's like from last week
that I got early and then I got late et cetera it's got two hundred even like kajja folds don't
have as many folds in it as that one does but nevertheless so I got paid from this joint yesterday
I got that check today so let's see I'll be out sick tomorrow Thursday and Friday so by the time
I come back next Monday should be no problem kids will be back in school and maybe we can do a show
here here's a mobile in Miami hello mobile in Miami me yes sir I don't buddy okay my kids are back
in school they are in date yeah Catholic school on Catholic school that's a different that's a
horse a bit of feather me let me ask you something do you know anything about these pharmaceutical
reps I had a doctor's office appointment this morning at eight o'clock yeah I didn't get to see
the guys we love them but he let's three of these drug reps go by in front of me hey I got a
news for his priorities getting all those good free trips and freebies that those detail men are
giving them yeah but when I was you I didn't get anything right so what's up with these guys do they
know anything about what they're doing who the doctors no the detail men yeah they know what they're
doing they know that they're schmuzin and schmurin the doctors that they're helping to poison
America and they're they're having a good time with it right little joy that's right and don't call
okay we have an open line and date one and broder five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a mobile one line hey let me ask you do you think Roger Marissa is still alive I think he's
still alive let's find out is there anybody in this audience knows what uniform number Roger
Marissa wore with the anchies okay let's find out how long it takes before somebody calls in
tells me what number Roger Marissa wore I don't understand no matter what the subject is the people
like what are you talking about it's like hockey I thought for sure when we got a hockey team we got
all these people from the northeast and we got all these people from the Midwest and we got a
whole bunch of conucks I thought this is no problem at all not only will we have a team and have a
lot of fun it said we're in so on and supported but you'll be able to have like some intelligent
conversation about it any chance of that no forget it what is it that these people are into besides
drugs besides smuggling any illegal aliens besides the driving little old beat up brown toy odysp
what is it good cigars there you go let's talk about nicks what a
so it on the radio swing of the splinter to magiose glide the man and the mic's made it on
the
series
Lay my play on the radio
Lay my play on the radio
Lay my play on the radio
That is my one-one, it's my team, it's my team!
That is my team, right here on the dining foot, it's my team, I'm four, and it's all over
I'm just waiting for you to start your swings in there as long as you need to directly avoid way back, back, back, back, back, back,
It's a good vibe over those wrong runs
I'm glad that the mic they make it come out
Oh, what a catch, there's a lot more trying
Turn it up loud, as the difficult shoes are coming in by
And it's my team, right here on the radio
Lay my play on the radio
Lay my play on the radio
That's the day and the day
Lay my play on the radio
Lay my play on the radio
That's the day and the day
It is going, it is going, it is going!
Oh yeah, number nine, Roger Mayerst, thank you for your help
Two people out there in an area former, the name of who it was, Roger Mayerst, number nine
Like the day that Mel Allen died, I come out here the next day
Who? What?
Like Ralph Kiner when I was talking about him last week, Ralph Kiner was like, well, well, he was, uh, exactly
What? It's all the, these people must all be related to that Lenny kid that's doing those tags on the spot
Yeah, this is supposed to be a radio station
If you think that in a radio station or a TV station, you'd have people if you're going to be put them on the ear
Who can speak, who can articulate, who can be understood
No wonder we're getting 75 bucks to pop out of Marlon Games
We've probably got the retards doing the spots in the Marlon Games, two no doubt
Who did you think?
No, I don't, you sound like Ralph Kiner, maybe he also had the Tinkerbells palsy over there that Lenny kid
We got bunch of kids at your feet, you can't speak, you mean you ain't?
Yeah, Reno, Roger Mayerst, he was number nine
What kind of a play, you know, if our program, the higher program director who wasn't so visually diddling himself all the time,
that put people on, of course the problem is you don't want to pay anybody, that's another problem too
So we get a bunch of five-year-old kids in here, who can't speak?
Welcome to all four three, you, you and you, Tanger, is that three?
Okay, I work, we are cheap
Oh my god, we have an open line a day two and abroward, 567, 0560, 0560 on the mobile one line
Homestead, hello
Good morning
Yes sir, how are you?
Great, I'm totally impressed that you mentioned airborne expressed
Yes sir
About a thousand years ago when they first started, they were great because there was a bunch of ex-servicemen that started the company up
And they were the best
And then a million, they sold the company or some crap down on a semi-elf took it over
And they became the worst, the business I was in, we got to the point where we had to specify shipments
Not to go airborne, they'd be refused, took them days to get the product away
Yeah
It was incredible
And I'm going to tell you the worst part of it is big companies like American Express, which I do all my business with their travel service
They used to use FedEx never ever had a problem
And now they've switched over to airborne express for whatever reason I don't know
And had so many problems and every time I call an American Express they say, oh you have no idea how many complaints we're getting and we're psychotic
And we don't know what to do
And like I said last time I had a mistake, airborne express lost my plane tickets and they had to reissue new ones and set them FedEx
And I got them the very next day
Well airborne is working on the chief, that's why we're about to pick up their service
FedEx, just unbelievable
FedEx is absolutely the best
Second thing, Ken Star and his little game he's playing here
This came up through yesterday I was listening to the show
And he were reading that news release or whatever the hell it was about Monica and Bill and everything
What's up with his leaks?
This is like not legal
Of course it's not legal
There's every single thing that was said
Obviously there was to discuss you know this is part of her testimony that she was going in all this graphic crap
And no matter what it is that said in front of a grand jury it leaks out again
Including when she testified last Thursday again it was looking out that morning what she was going to say
Exactly, that's like against the law
Yeah well, so Ken Star was with the law
He'd be the law
He keeps a good job going there
Okay I'm a great guy but
Okay, okay two lines I guess we're going to be doing a lot of music of this week
Okay see I was in a state of euphoria which is definitely not Florida
Thinking man we got a lick
We're almost to that magic day that's the demarcation point Labor Day
When finally of course George is going to be doing a show on that day he locks out
You'll be flooded with call
Oh yeah that's right
You will, you'll be flooded with calls even though it's a Monday and it's a holiday
Everybody's going to be out there doing their thing
They're going to be grilling it
And there we need to
Two open lines and day two and Broward any interest today any interest at all today?
No
5 6 7 0 5 60
Palm 5 60 on the mobile one line
Any women out there going to speak towards today?
No
We had that one bring nice 200-year-old lady to start the show this morning in Hellendale
And she turned out to be sensational
Compared to you other women out there who have got lock jaw
Maybe too many monocles out there, huh?
Maybe that's the problem they got lock jaw
Good got all mighty as managed would say
By the way don't forget manage will be here from two to six this afternoon and got only knows what he's going to be saying
Because you know the way it works in this business if you're an X-Jock
Not only do you get all the jobs now for your next job
But you can go on here and say whatever you want
If you're just like a real broadcaster all over we're listening on every word we're hanging
Waiting for you to make the big slip up
But if you're an X-Jock
Oh yeah we're boring
We used to talk about pussy
We talk about stock now
You know you just get old artsy fartsy
And it's no fun anymore
It's true we used to talk about good bodies and big t**s and you know the fun stuff
And you'll be hearing a lot more of that two to six today
Oh right
You betcha
23 to eight
No
Is he doing anything?
No
I just mentioned that since you asked who might be getting the trade
See if you're related if you're part of a big mishpaka here
Then you get all kinds of incestuous good stuff
But if you're on the outside of that then you have to scream and jump up and down
And you still don't get it
How's that bonus George ever get his bonus yet?
No
For the winter book?
No
For the good book?
No
You know what the good book says?
Okay we look we hit them all filled up there for just a few seconds and they mostly went away
Because they had nothing to say anyway
Here's a mobile in a grove hello
Well I'm in Miami now
Airborne express I've had a lot of problems with them
They even lost my cellular phone
Did they really?
How did they get your cellular phone?
Pardon?
How did they get that?
I was having a ship from I had a problem with the phone and they were shipping it for a new phone because my old phone died
And you had your cell phone shipped by airborne express?
Oh my God
Huh?
The cellular company did
Yeah
But yeah I've had no problems with FedEx
What's the wall?
FedEx is like God FedEx is great
There is dependable is the weather in Anchorage, Alaska
You know exactly what it's going to be
And UPS is pretty good once in a while I have a minor problem but they take care of it immediately
Yeah
But the post office you'll get this one out of the post office
The post office is about four blocks from me
And they could not get the mail right I was getting everyone else's mail in my apartment complex
And they were screwing my mail up
Everyone else was getting my mail for about 10 o'clock at night
I had someone come over and bang on my door and say is this your mail?
And then when I went to go set up a post office box
Which was approximately maybe 10, 12 blocks away
It took three and a half weeks to get a mail less than 15 blocks
Three and a half weeks
To get mail 15 blocks
I'm going to tell you something sir if it takes them three and a half weeks for them to get me the rest of my mail
Which is 95% which I haven't received yet
I'm going to go over there to the sunrise post office and lay down Stark naked in the middle of the guy to influence start making gurgling noises
Well I'm going to go over there and do a big thing
In fact I'm going to take my both dogs over there
We're all three of us going to head right on the floor in the middle of that post office
We'll take a fat yo with his camera over there
And the problem that I had was
You know I was like my copies of out
They were getting my copies of the advocate
Oh my goodness, they're getting the bag stuff
His neck is probably getting off on a tuna round
And half the time I would notice that the pages were dog geared
So you know what they say about some of those mail carriers
So most of those mail carriers except my friend Rick
In fact he's the only straight my postal guy that I know
He's probably the only straight postal guy
Mayor Patwood and Greg got it well I guess it's a minority now they're going to have a code of okay pal good luck to you but you're
Okay two open lines in day two and powered
5 6 7 0 5 60
Palm 5 60 on the mobile one line
Who is the hell is Roger Mara anyway that's what these people want to know
Old number nine
They don't want to know
What do you mean?
What does that mean?
This is supposed to be a sports station
And when Gildey gets on there shooting up see there's nothing worse than having little punks on the air
Talking about the stuff that they maybe maybe right about in a book or maybe somebody told them grandpa told them about it sitting them on their
Knee when they were like three years old about two years ago
Because they know what they're talking about
And here's and and it's one thing not to know what you're talking about
But when you're loud and shrill like Gildey don't know what you're talking about
It's just like rubbing salt in your womb is what it's like
And you know and of course to your audience of this station they're like on an equal par
You know like that guy who is used to live guys older than my friends the older than I am
Which is really old and this guy's calling in the series Roger Mara still alive
Read a goddamn newspaper once in your life sir pick up a book
Here's a mobile in Miami hello
Yeah I eat on you okay sir
I'm calling you from Miami one of make two questions
One question was the thing about the post-align question statement
I had the same problem as you and I took me around five to six weeks before I actually started getting all my mail five to six weeks
Five to six weeks get a lot of my bills laid I had to call up the company and tell me
There's what's going on that you know of course I don't care about that but we want their money
Right and there's nothing you can do about it even
It's quite clear then you're great to get your mail and then get it to you
Isn't that great isn't that the American way?
And we bet you much you get a couple of this rum on the post and the future also probably
Uh-huh we're just deep six all your mail which is even worse
Yeah okay Eric did you play backpipes for a couple of guys at 60?
I'll work on them I appreciate
I'll get out the kilts have a great day sir good luck to us
Yeah now that over there to sunrise post office probably got some wise answers up there
Oh yeah well we're really going to fifth symbol you know stick it in the goddamn dumpster somewhere
Thank you so much for your great service and have an eye stay too by the way
Over there on the hiatus road
Right off of uh whatever there of Oakland
We have two open lines in date 5 6 7 0 5 60
Pond 5 60 on the mobile one line
Tamara hello
Hey how you doing now?
Okay sir I just want to ask you I was uh I heard that you know you don't have any interest in the dolphins anymore
That's true
That is correct
But what about the greatest quarterback in NFL history?
Who's that?
Dan Marino
No he's not the greatest quarterback in NFL history
That even close
Just because you didn't want a superboard?
No because he's not the greatest quarterback in NFL
And if I don't have any interest in the dolphins why would I want to discuss Dan Marino with you?
Whether he's the greatest or not?
Well you know he has the points of the dolphins
So who cares if I let me say it again if I don't care about the dolphins
Why do I care about Dan Marino who listen to the show by the way?
Why do I care?
You don't care do you care?
You don't care about Dan Marino?
What what more didn't you understand?
What more don't you understand?
Do I have to spell it out for you?
Do you come in with what we're not spell it for you?
As in G-O-O-D-B-Y-E
We have two open lines in day one and Broward
5 6 7 0 5 6 8
5 5 6 8 on a mobile one line
And I especially don't care about exhibition football games
Or exhibition baseball games
Or exhibition hockey games
Or exhibition any games
Because they're boring and they mean nothing
And because it's the dog days of the summertime
And the people on the station have to fill up the other 20 hours today
And you bozos out there don't know anything else except to talk about football
And Tim Bowen's get a good deal and did this one do that
And I'll come up there still doing the same old stuff
They're exhibition games they don't mean a god damn thing
They mean nothing
Absolutely nothing
Wait until the first regular season games start
And then maybe I might have some interest or have something to say about it
But for exhibition games
The list of these people wasting our after our talking crap
Because that's what it is
There would be like my comment on here talking about how the panthers looking at first exhibition games
There would be a bunch of crap
That's right
And based on what I'm seeing the regular season games are probably going to be a bunch of crap
But at least a nice new arena anyway
God
Get a life, get a god damn a hobby
Get a police okay, get an advisor, get a spiritual counselor
Call up 12 gripping and get your palm bread or something
Do something to kill some time
His damn arena of the great event
And that's just a Danny Moreno this and Danny Moreno that and Jimmy Johnson did this
And don't you love the okay great
Go e-lope with all three of them okay
Here's a mobile and sunrise hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
Speaking of that I'm just now driving by your winter home right now
My winter home?
Yeah the arena
Yeah
That's my winter home
Well you know you're there almost every night during the hockey season
No I'm not, you'll be here every night
Well I'm not even going to be there opening night
I'm going to be out of town
I'll be there when I'm in town
Okay well then
I'm going to be playing the fact that it's close is nice and the fact that they buy me my tickets
It's right at center ises even nice too
But I'm not going to change my life because I got a hockey team
A crappy hockey team going to be playing right up the street there
It's very nice and it's going to be a beautiful place
But it's still a Wayne thing don't you understand sir
Yes sir I do it and it's so far we haven't seen one bit of evidence
That anything positive is going to happen that we're going to have any changes
Hey Neil I used to work here four years ago
And I used to go offload containers for Emory
And airborne express
And I would take the containers off the airplane and I would deliver them into the warehouse there
Where they would sort the packages
And I would see them take IBM computers and A's, Louis, this is yours
And they would play it right across the whole dock
Yeah I mean just rolling over I can imagine what it looked like when it got to the customer
And probably looks like a beat up crappy old IBM computer
That was one brand new and very nice
Yeah I know it was unbelievable the way they would do things over there
They would just take boxes and just play them from one other warehouse to the other
They had no like conveyor system at that time or whatever
It was beautiful areas
Well it's like watching, do you ever watch the guys when they load the luggage on a plane
When you're sitting there and you're watching, you're looking out the window
And they're loading the last of the luggage on a plane
Hey and a people in the round and tossing it and twisting it and yanking it and the luggage too
And of course it's your bag
Well no sir, it's not my bag I don't check luggage on planes
Ever, ever, ever, ever I have a drone, I carry on
That's right, I carry on a lot
Okay have a great day, good night here
I carry on a lot, that's right, a few people
You know I get a big kick out of these people to get on planes in fact they make me nauseous
And they're taking all their life of the lungs
The whole house, they clean up their whole, we're going away for you know a whole weekend, three day weekend
Yeah, so what are you taking 50,000 pounds of crap for you
They got throws and arrows and guns and slingshots and baseball bats and canoes
And they're all, of course it's all carry on
Of course
What are these people thinking about crazy people?
But you might need that stuff
Yeah right, especially the, if they're getting on my plane
Here's a mobile and West Bomb Beach hello
Hello?
Yes sir
Neil
Yes
Long time list, time callers
I ride
I've listened since I was 14 just wanted to tell you doing a great job
Yeah
Running how you feel listening to you with my dad all the time
Fantastic
Great job
Okay pal, have a great life
You too
See ya
Two open lines in Dave County 56670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line
Oh I see I watch in them flipping the channels last night because I do not watch channel thin news ever, ever
And I see a familiar face on air as I'm doing my channel surfing was about 625
And who was it?
Mark Benson of Citizens of Dave United going way back in those old early days talk about one dimensional people
And he's talking about thank God that David Lawrence is leaving because the hero that I was a bilingual thing here
He's bringing up that old Citizens of Dave United bilingual crap all over again
Mark Benson, he and ME Schaefer
The same old tired me or the over and over again
I couldn't believe it
One dimensional people just talking to China with the same stupid thing beating it over the head forever and ever
And I hate to break the news to you but if you open up your sports page this morning, Mark
You'll discover the channel 4 is going to be broadcasting
Fordolphin Games this season in Espanol
Oh
And you like that that's right if you have your SAP on your TV set if you're a SAP
Of course if you speak English you can be able to watch it in English
That's a good news for you Mark but I'm sure you're going to be foaming at them out
That they're going to be televising 4dolphin Games in Espanol
And of course if you want you can listen to it on WCMQ and Espanol anyway
Thanks to IOD being so goddamn stupid as they were years ago to let them do that
Wasn't that a nice go on air Bob Neil
Yeah the cos broadcasting people man
That was over they had the exclusive right to the dolphins
They used to get 10 and 15 shares on Sunday with the Dolphin Games
WIOD oh I hate that station
All of a sudden they said well okay we'll let the CMQ alert broadcast it in Spanish
We won't lose any audience that way but I'm being all of a sudden the tens went to eights and went to five
Hey where did everybody go?
No speaking in English baby
Let's go to a camera hello
Hey how you doing today sir?
Yeah I thought you were going to lose it when I heard Goldie said the FDA is the federal drug
The federal drug administrator
Here's a little punk who's about 10 years old with a brain-assizable ball bearing
And they put him on a radio and the excuses even without an annoying voice the excuse as well
He's got a lot of credibility you know I got credibility. He's a puss
I hear those three guys and it's I remind me of the Fox thing that they do with Pat Somerow
John Madden and who's the other character they have?
They've been turned in there. They really need Matt Millenistra personality Matt Millenist
They really need three guys to do a broadcast
They ruined the time good I mean okay you know what's his name in the morning?
The farmers and Joe Rose no they're okay but with Goldie and there's Goldies another Matt Millen
And that's a shot that's a real shot at Matt Millen
Oh I'm at Matt Millenistra. I'm glad Millen comes over here and beats the crap out of Goldie just because you said that
Okay good I'm waiting for Joe Rose to beat the crap out of Goldie one of these days
He probably will. Oh yeah he keeps calling a big hit
He'll bring his brother in line. Oh boy and Marath number nine
Yeah we already got it. Before I leave but thank you so much
You know who's ahead of Martin Dwyer and the whole run rate right?
In a national in a national league Ralph Keiner hit 54
Nobody knows Ralph Keiner here. I know that he hit 54 1949
Nobody knows how he liked that. I told you the year that he did it. I know you're the maverin
Okay. But nobody knows Ralph Keiner here right?
No they don't know they don't know anything here at least they're consistent. Do you think they know Lindsay nothing?
No they don't. They're probably wearing his old suits. Have a great day.
They don't know from nothing. These people are off from New York male Alan dies. Who's male Alan?
Ralph Keiner's got a bad day. Who's the Ralph Keiner? Lindsay Nelson. I mean these guys only did the Met's games for like 6000 years
And then I was out here saying that I thought Bob Murphy was dead since I don't live in New York anymore
And I was only praying and we would leave it up to Hank had to be the one to tell me that Bob Murphy is still alive
These New Yorkers hey everything can maybe find like one of those small dishes you know
Go to a plants TV depot or God forbid someplace else and getting a small satellite dish
So you can actually have some contact with the outside with the real world which this definitely is not
Man oh man if I didn't have my two not just one but if I didn't have my big dish my small dish my milky can my flesh dishes
I don't know what the hell I would do and it's goddamn town because it's the only contact you got with the real world
Unless you get on a plane and go there which is not here
One open line and day one and Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60
Pond 5 60 on the mobile one line we're talking about the great sports casters of all time
Yeah that's another thing these people don't know from the sports casters
Even on the sports segments of this station it is not a top of you I mean I've heard people try to bring it up
They they know nothing they haven't got a clue
They think the scooter is a great sports casters that's their idea of a great sport the scooter
Four minutes till noon at 5 60 WQ I am
Which is not my wife Filipino and we listen to you at a whammy and my ammy
And years ago you listen to what are you watching?
Well we want the truth of the matter is whammy and my ammy when I was a little boy
I was like 13 or 5 years between 5 and 13
Whammy was a radio station when I was a little boy
Yeah whammy and my ammy was like on the same dial near 5 60
Check it out when I was a little boy what comes around goes around
And before I heard about the Cuban and say I was a little boy like 5 years old
And then all this then they put on radio station that brought in Spanish
Then I started hearing Spanish was to me was amazing
Yeah I said what is I'm like and I was all the time I started learning about the stuff
Yeah and all of a sudden I heard the Spanish words and they say
The radio stations come over from Cuba as a little boy I was amazed
The whammy and my ammy was a radio station when I was a right now
What does that mean I'm listening to all these words but what does it mean?
Whammy? Okay thank you
Okay we have an open line and date 5 6 7 0 5 60
Palm 5 60 on the 18 2 wireless line what did he say he heard a bunch of Cuban words
And then all of a sudden his brain that became like it is today is functional
That was it in Espanol
Here is a fort water deal hello
It's me it's you
That's me
Oh it's tough I got a mailbox in one of the larger substations
Yes sir
Constantly dropping mail in the wrong box
So instead of asking the clerks to please do their job they cut a hole and put a new mail drop in
They got to sign up as the cheese customers if you do us a favor and drop your misdirected mail into this shop
Oh very good so in other words we know we're going to be screwing up all the time
So the mail isn't here is please put it back in here so we can maybe get in somebody or where it belongs
Yeah and bear with it
Oh God
You know what I want to thank a lot of you you're great
Thanks for the good news
There you go probably the people are working the post office the average IQ was in a minus column now
With all due respect to about you know there's a small percentage of them
We're very nice people and very articulate and very bright and have been in there too long to what change now
I guess do anything else
But boy the kind of people that they're hiring now
Just like when you call one of these numbers to get information from like maybe one of your credit cards
Or you call for a service they're just about anywhere
I don't want to start talking minority stuff now
I don't want to be picking on minorities because there's nothing wrong with minorities
If they're qualified for the job and they got an IQ bigger than their big toe or little toe or big foot
But most of them sound like big foot
Oh God that's America today
This is what happened you can thank all these guy named bleeding heart phony limousine liberals which I was never won by the way I was
Yes I was
I say forget about all that crap higher people that are qualified to do the job
I want a concept huh
Which of course at this place in WQA they would eliminate like 80% of the people out the door there'd be a procession right out the goddamn door
See ya
Oh yeah see if the house this weekend because they're all related of course you know they're part of the family part of the mishpaka
Right Sam you know I'm talking about oh God
How's the nephew doing anybody seeing him lately?
No
When you know they had that problem there on a plane
Here's a mobile in Miami hello
Hey Neil, what's that side of this?
And back to you
Neil they all boils down to
Well how do you do
The devil service
Yeah
The devil service
Neil I heard you talking to my channel ten you know we're surfing the channel there on Sunday
Yeah
We thought Kelly Mitchell there
Kelly Mitchell is now a channel ten that's correct and they still will not tell us the real reason why she got canned from seven
You know what I'm saying?
I guess part of the servant deal was that she wouldn't explain what really happened
All right
Okay I think she caught Brian Andrews and the paper boy in the back room like Stark naked
And that was then she threatened to go on the air with it
And they said get out of here Kelly just keep it all quiet
Is that what it was?
The paper delivery boy?
Or was it Craig Steve?
Who was it?
He's not there anymore is he?
Don't see him no more in channel seven
We've been in a long time now
Yeah Craig Steve and he must be back on his delivery route
We have an open line in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
How they doing over there?
Oh we're fine
And the AT&T wireless line, anybody here?
Dan Stewart, oh you'll never guess who was doing the news?
I was listening to Rick and Suds on a Friday afternoon driving out of here
Which I haven't heard them in a Koonz age
You'll never ever guess who's doing the news on their show do you know?
One of the most anxious people to ever darken the door at the Pax Nio D
Who was working on weekends fancy themselves as a radio talk host
Who used to be on with Tanner in the morning years ago?
Not John N
No worse Jim really
Jim really he's the newsman now. Oh yeah, we're working done
And poor Rick Rana, I thought Rick was gonna bust a gun
He was just begging for calls and I thought to myself, oh now I feel so much better
Now I know it's not just me and then this morning people
People was threatening to blow his brains out on here if nobody would call and they still wouldn't call it
Didn't do it dammit
But it's just that was bizarre John M and Jim really
Not to mention of course William and Ben Pupick, Cronkite's a turd
Noford Nixon whatever his name was Billy Bob Billy Bob the turd that's right boy
Did they bring did that people to bring in some great talent over there and those few months we were at Pax N
Oh he brought in the best staring no expense he brought them in from the North to South
From AA recovery meetings all over America man
Oh God, were they great
Yeah
Oh, and the best news of my life is she don't call me anymore. Thanks God
Oh, you're just going up with her?
Oh my God
She wouldn't even know what microphone if you're stuck in front of her post
I had one in my mouth why?
Well that's good
We have an open line in date 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line answering our musical question today is Cronk
Is she?
Uh huh
1209 how's Walt Sabre doing by the way we heard from him lately?
No, what a loser that is is he?
Hey anyway if you're feeling low
