Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
The CEO called 560-760 toll-free, redaded ground.
560 on your cell phone.
The opinions of Neil, his guests callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, be we read acquisitions.
The other reflectors.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560-QAM.
Ray Whitney has a pair.
It's not avion.
It's no peria.
It's not even tap water.
Aase like piss.
It is.
The new bottled water.
The taste like piss because it is urine for a tree.
The new bottled piss water.
The next time you want to quit your thirst, take a piss.
Piss water.
From kidney bottled in company, Golden Shower Colorado.
It's no problem both of that.
I'm not going to have a drink.
All right.
A very old friend named by the day.
Because he was telling everybody for what it was.
All the most I've seen just now.
And the reason that.
All the ladies' friends.
He talked in touch.
And the her name says.
That she has a long, quiet man.
The prettiest ring that has in his way.
And the reason.
And the other ladies' friends.
And the last mile of tears is out of her burns.
And by a wish come luck, and the day said it's finally.
And he was going, but still his words kept in his mind.
What else would you bear for me to say to the crowd?
Or you really do?
And then yesterday, in this girl was ever my husband's sword to me.
She and my husband are trying to make me as the reason man.
Of the way he's fighting to.
And the last mile of tears was out of her burns.
And by a wish come luck, and the day said it's finally.
And he was going, but still his words kept in his mind.
And when he was with his husband, he just knew what caused him.
Oh.
Or you really do?
And he said.
Ah.
And the reason.
Yeah.
And the other ladies' friends are starting to suck this man.
He really fell for that crap yesterday.
Elvis was the king, baby.
Love Elvis.
Elvis wasn't just great looking.
He was pretty as well.
Very good.
He's okay.
So anyway, I found this at home.
How do you like that?
With the disc in it.
In the dual case, which I also found several other, by the way, all these discs.
I mean, all these dual cases yesterday at home.
And I opened them up and I was all excited to get ready to play some of that stuff and
then no disc inside.
Takes us back to get all the WI-B is what it does and there's a light finger dance holes
over there that store so many of my great CDs.
But nevertheless, Elvis is dead and there's not too much we can do about it.
And Joe Demaggio, well, we'll get to that later.
I just want to tell you right now.
I don't want to spend a lot of time on this because the American public is exhausted.
I'm just going to tell you that there are many of us.
I think a majority, maybe like 70% of the people in this country, including someone who
don't have an IQ larger than their thumbnail, who know that this is nothing more than an exercise
on the way on the road to a right-wing lynching is what this is all about.
It's a lynch mob.
And why there, I mean, MSNBC loves it and CNN loves it because it kills a lot of good
time and it gets a lot of extra people to deny guests.
So they say, but all this exercise with this house judiciary committee hearings that's
been going on for days and weeks and on end, on in-penative, this is all an exercise.
There's nobody paying any attention to anything that anybody is saying.
It's all done for the tea.
It's like those guys that get up in the house, you know, they make those speeches at the
end of the day in an empty chamber and all they're doing is pandering the people watching
on television on tea span, those 85 old ladies that are watching.
And that's what this is, it's just a guy that I'm exercise on the way to a lynch mob.
This is one of the greatest graces in the history of this country.
And let me ask you something, how is it possible that they were really paying any attention
or listening to the testimony yesterday when both sides had already printed up other
stuff?
The Republicans had drafted their four articles of impeachment in those big books, printed
up, got only those how many days ago actually.
And then the Democrats were releasing their russenture of P.O. like, oh please just slap
us on the wrist and so on and make this go away, which of course is what everybody wants.
See, did they learn from the election?
No.
Did they learn from the polls?
No.
Did they learn from the fact that they heard nothing, no new evidence?
No.
You only knew evidence we heard was from Judge Star.
That was the only new evidence that he found no evidence linking the president or his
wife to a file gate and water gate and gate gate and the white water gate and all these
other gates, okay?
They travel gate, which he conveniently left out of his 50 billion page referral to the
committee, but nevertheless, that was the only new thing that we learned during these
days on it, odd and fun item, odd and on and on and bop, bop, bop.
And now all of a sudden, what has changed?
What has changed?
Has anything changed here?
No.
Did we already know that he covered up this affair and there's nothing new going on here?
But all of a sudden, what happened is that they decided to play a hard ass.
They're pissed off about that election, not coming out the way they thought.
They're pissed off about the newt lights they were having to like a skull coffin of the
woodwork somewhere.
And didn't we hear in the beginning on that very first day, remember that day when Henry
Hyde and John Commu set side by side with that sanctimonious bull crap and lied to their
teeth about how this was going to be totally non-partisan and then we're going to do this
their best to make this.
See, this is the difference between water gate and this.
There is no non-partisan ship here and the votes on all of this stuff will be strictly
along party lines.
And you'll notice that when this goes to the full house, which obviously it will, they're
talking about trying to sway some of the moderate Republicans to try to avoid a trial in
the Senate.
And let me tell you this right now, what is a trial in the Senate code of accomplish
where they need two thirds to remove a president from office, a two thirds vote.
It's 55-45, Republican senators in the Senate.
That means they need 67, which means they would need 12 Democrats that everywhere Republican
vote for impeachment.
Is there any chance that's going to happen?
No.
No.
So they're continuing to waste more millions of dollars, continuing to avoid dealing with
the real things that go on in this country and in the world and dragging us through another
right wing exercise.
Because the right wingers are on a, in a feeding frenzy, they're out of control, they're
out of their minds, they're lunatics, they're maniacs.
He had an affair.
Everybody knows the stain on the dress.
We've heard all the gritty tales.
It's been on the internet.
It's been inside your rectum, even if you don't want to know about it.
Newspapers, news gets everybody in the goddamn world knows about it.
Does anybody care?
No.
70% every pull in fact is popularity ratings have gone up steadily, 70% now.
Who say enough of this crap, but evidently Henry Hyden is cohorts, they love crap.
That's right.
They're full of crap.
That's all they know is crap.
Right.
And so you're not full of us, okay?
You right winged not these unitesful and that bobbar, like I said, the little mustache
should be the giveaway, okay?
I'm not saying everybody's got a little mustache is a notty, but only most.
Especially when they start coming in here, you know, down over one side of the forehead,
that should be a real giveaway.
But hey, we don't want a dwell on that, do we?
Not more than two or three hours.
I want a dwell on the real scandal, okay?
And again, it's amazing.
Thank God for me.
Thank God for you.
God.
Because if it weren't for me, there'd be nowhere you could turn.
One of these people at the hockey game last night are coming up and just licking me all
over every part of my body, including my fat.
That's right.
You won't get any of the truth in this town.
You read The God Damn News paper, the articles by David J. Neal and Michael Russo, where
I laughable, parents best, and just parents for whatever the organization tells them to
print.
One little thing, one moment please, where is it?
David J. Schwol and a hero, he's got one little tiny thing in here about what really went
on lives.
Forgetting about the game itself and the embarrassment of blowing a four-nothing lead and then having
a, thank God, Svela make a great pass and Whitney a great cool there at the end of the
win the game because otherwise the tire or loss would have really been embarrassing and
humiliating.
But just one little paragraph, Michael Russo evidently didn't even, wasn't there maybe,
okay?
Roti article, but he wasn't there because he just appeared anyway, right?
Whatever they tumbled, right?
So he didn't need to be there.
But in the middle of this article, Panthers find power.
Only some perlatives could be used to describe the turbulence and the Panthers six five went
over visiting Ottawa, said one to them.
And in the middle of the article, David J. Neal writes, adding to the augmented drama
of the evening was the clock stopping and starting, would it darn well please climaxed
by a blaring game closing horn with 14 minutes left in the third period.
That's all he writes about it.
I've got plenty to say about it, okay?
And what you've given us, Wayne, for $200 million that the Broward County put up for
you is a piece of turd is what you put up for.
That's what it is.
Four goals in a five minute period on one power play.
Did the red light come off for any of those goals?
No.
The red light come on on that end and all last night, did the father getting a light bulb?
Do they care about the fans?
No.
They care about putting on a major league first pass presentation?
No.
No, they don't.
Just give us your money, okay?
And do the wave.
Oh boy.
Nine minutes after, don't get excited yet.
Okay, it's early in the day.
Just calm down.
Can't do it.
Nine minutes after 10 at 5.
We have 60 WQ.
The media is sick and needs help badly.
Um.
Spend you.
anted.
He has an instant heat,
Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop.
But when he lies about,
Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop.
Outrageous.
On every channel we saw,
Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop.
Good night, EMT.
In Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop.
Everybody's gone.
I think I've been at 560 WQM.
By the way, I heard little bits and pieces coming to work this morning of the worst team.
I heard the Ray Whitney on here. Nice going, Ray, baby.
Ray Whitney has a hair.
Make no mistake about that.
What I had two goals last night,
except the Melan B was busy getting the stupid penalty with negative to first goal and didn't count.
But got the winning goal, played a great game,
and was just nice going, Ray.
I'm the best on this team.
But at any rate, so getting back to the entire ambiance,
okay, and I know people are going to say,
there he goes, complainin' again.
Goddamn right, because I'm complaining on behalf of the people who got a brain in their head,
who understand why they go to a sporting event or any other goddamn event.
First of all, we get their 630 last night.
The elevator, the escalator that goes upstairs, they're working on it.
Doesn't work.
Now, like, yeah, I'm old and feeble,
but I can still manage up to stairs.
Okay, I'll come down to stairs a little easier, but I can handle it.
But the bottom line is, how come they're working on it 630 in the evening
when they should have been working on it one or two in the afternoon
making sure that everything works?
And getting it fixed.
And by the way, when we left the game, when it was over, they still hadn't fixed it.
It wasn't working going down, going up, going sideways.
Okay, there's a minor thing.
Minor inconvenience.
The game gets going, and all of a sudden, I forget at what point when the clock started first,
which is not the first time, by the way.
When the time, first of all, the clock, what that shows you what time of day it is
on the wall across the way, that went out completely.
Never came back on.
For those people, I can't afford to watch, because they're giving away an all their money.
They can't afford to wristwatch.
And then the game time clock decided to go out.
And we got no idea how much time is left in the game.
And then the penalty clocks go out.
And they're like frozen.
Frozen in time.
And now, Nick Bingu, the referee is this gate and all around.
We'll have to do it with a stopwatch, and they've got to keep the time.
And the poor PA, and off, here's got enough trouble to figure out what town he's in.
He always got a great voice, but he's a little bit lost at times, especially with those names.
But nevertheless, he's like an eight minutes left in the pair.
Whatever the hell it is, okay?
And then they finally get a pick.
And then it goes out again.
And it comes on, and it goes out.
And it's a joke.
It's an absolute red joke.
The goal lights the red light that happened.
The only one that ever, that only who cares about when you go to a hockey game when a goal is scored,
the red light's supposed to come on.
And Dino's goal.
By the way, nice call and Dino.
Oh!
And Dino's goal.
I mean, I can see every other goal going in that, because I've been watching the big and hockey games.
I see the puck going in that.
But I Dino's goal.
I'm at a particular angle.
I'm an awful one in or not.
I can't see.
And I see other people standing up.
I said, okay, I guess I'm going to stand up and cheer now.
It must be a goal.
I guess.
Because there's no red light.
Here's a man that's worth a billion dollars that gives all this money that charity buddy never tells us.
But somebody in the organization can't afford to fix the goal lights.
How many?
They're listening over there right now.
Everybody in that organization is listening to me right now.
What kind of a horse ball present?
Forget about the quality of the game.
Forget about blowing the lead.
Forget about that.
God coming back and winning the game, which was desperate.
Forget about that.
That was great.
Not the blowing the lead part, but winning it.
But put on a performance and extract that much money from people.
And treat people this way.
And again, of course, by the time the last few minutes were there were more.
There were like 5,000 people left.
Because in this town, even when the game was tied 5-5, hey, it's a late.
You know, it's a week that we got to get out of here.
So it is like 5,000 people left.
And now with five or six minutes left in the game, auto was tied it up at 5-5.
And guess what we get treated to now?
Some zack-ass decides it's time to start the wave.
And that took me back to the first couple of years when we had hockey in this town.
And the people were very naive and very foolish and very idiotic.
And they did, oh yeah, because the people here would do the wave at the restaurant at Denny's.
They start doing the wave.
At the early bird, the old people, hey, we're doing the wave.
It's just a soft forwarded thing.
Even when I went out with Nickers and high-button shoes,
it just immense two-piece bathing suits.
It went out a long time ago.
Nobody told these people were there last night.
So that also kind of added to the ambiance of the whole thing.
Idiots doing the wave at a hockey game.
Guess what, guys?
They don't do the wave at a hockey game.
In fact, nobody does the wave anywhere anymore.
I know we're a little bit behind the rest of the civilization here.
But nobody does the wave anymore.
It just added, it was a surreal experience.
I said to John, I think I'm having an out-of-body experience here
because none of this that's going on makes any sense.
And then the climax before the wave,
the climactic moment came with 14 minutes left in the third period.
When all of a sudden the clock, which of course at that point was not none of the clocks were working,
we had no idea what was going on.
All of a sudden the clock lights up 0.0 and that loud blurring of Warren goes off
indicating the end of the period.
And in this case would have been the end of the game.
And play is going on.
And all of a sudden the player stops and everybody's confused
and they're looking around.
Do we scream?
Do we eat a banana now?
Do we stick it in our breakfast?
What do we do now?
You know?
In embarrassing, I mean,
they started playing exhibitionist games
and there's $200 million arena back in September.
Then there was October.
Then there was November.
This is now December.
This is the fourth month.
I realize it's a new place.
But this is the fourth month.
Do the people who are paying the subsidized this have a reasonable expectation to go there
and see it presented as a major league sporting event?
Oh.
Has it opposed to a bush league piece of turd,
which is what they put on last night?
I'm not talking about the game itself.
I'm talking about the presentation.
The ambiance.
What's done for the fans?
I got news for you.
Those people deserve better.
Mr. Baldhead.
They deserve better than the crap you're putting on.
And if somebody from the general manager to the coach to the president with his bow tie
to anybody else in your organization can't see that the red lights not coming on
when there's a goal scored, how long does that take?
I realize now I've given up.
They're never going to put in like real goal lights.
So, you know, the fancy shamanic, they're not going to do that.
Okay.
You've got your little quick.
And maybe they're saving those of the red lights for the Christmas tree.
That must be it.
Maybe they got a panther Christmas tree up in the offices somewhere or who knows?
Maybe they're hiding one in their record.
I don't know where they got one.
But maybe they stole the green light and the red light off that one in because they were a couple of lights short
to fill out the Ahonicabush or the Christmas tree or whatever they're doing over there at the Macarena.
I mean, there were a whole crap load of goals scored at that end last night and the red light never comes on.
It's just anti-climatic.
It's like sex with them orgasm.
I mean, there's just no point.
What's the point?
It's like when they have those little kids in between periods, you know, they're five, six-year-old kids.
They have one of those little amacable games last night for a couple of minutes in between periods.
And they go down and the goals are just sitting there to stick the light on.
So, they know, that's what it's like.
It demeans the meaning and the significance of what's going on there.
It renders it like little leagues.
And does anybody really write anything about that in the papers today?
No.
They're discussing that on the worst team this morning, like, Geldia sitting there sucking around and chilling in the sucking heavy-duty.
I didn't hear anything about it.
Now, maybe I missed it because I certainly don't listen for all four hours of that.
Oh, God.
But I didn't hear anything said about that.
The thing with the penalty clock.
And then there's the game is ending and with all fairness to Ottawa, you know, when you're the visit,
whatever you are, the team that's behind by a goal and slate in the game and you're trying to figure out how to get the goal.
You know, how much time is left, which luckily they weren't able to do that till the game was almost over.
Thanks to good play by us.
But nevertheless, wouldn't it be nice to have a clock up there instead of the MPA and outs are coming on every 30 seconds, saying,
a minute and 30 seconds left in the period?
What is that?
We got a $200 million arena bought with public funds, by the way,
built with public funds for Baldy and A.T. and nothing works.
The escalator don't work.
The lights don't work.
The time clock don't work.
The penalty clock doesn't work.
The time of day clock doesn't work.
They got the sound finally straightened out.
Thank God.
Except for one point there, when everything else started going to hell and were blaring and puking and with all the students for a few seconds.
I think that was at the point that the buzzer went off and 14 minutes left in the game, the horn.
I mean, practice makes perfect boys, except for an occasional concert every few weeks during nothing else going on in that joint.
You've got all the time in the world to yourself.
All the time in the world in that place to get these bugs there and you can make a presentation for the organization that we can be proud of.
Instead of embarrassing bush league presentation that was put on air last night.
For the 16,9894 was the ticket soul, but I'm going to tell you we had an hour or a one hour maybe 15,000 people are our smallest crowd.
Out of was not a big draw and who knows they're busy.
Who knows what's the story.
But the bottom line is when people that many people do show up, almost 17,000 people and pay a lot of money or somebody paid a lot of money for those tickets.
Even for my ticket, somebody paid a lot of money.
Then we deserve to see better than that.
Okay. If that's the best that you can put on, then we ought to just hang it up.
And nobody would know that Michael Russo, he didn't see any of this.
He doesn't fight it embarrassing and he want to know why because he doesn't know hockey from his asshole.
That's why.
And either there's David J. Neal with his Hussage Shaco.
He don't know what the hell is going on.
In fact, he says, what is his word again?
What word?
He says, adding to the augmented drama.
It wasn't drama.
It was embarrassment is what it was.
And it's so typical for this town, you know.
I guess it's not only radio stations and television stations that have just non-stop never ending embarrassing technical riches.
But even when you go to a sporting event, nothing works.
Nothing works.
But to go to a hockey game where there's 11 goals scored in the game and half the time,
the red light doesn't come out of goal in the score.
I got to tell you as a fan for 40 years of the greatest sport in the world, it pisses it across my fat ass.
Forgetting about all the other stuff for the clocks in the joke of not having who's on first and what's going on.
And luckily for them, half of the people are more than in there.
Even if the stuff is working, they don't know who's on first and what it's all about anyway.
Including some of the people that sit in front of me who always waving.
And while the action is going on, waving and got their arms up in front of my face and talking to kids in the aisle who are standing there.
How much more obvious they have to be than you're craning your neck and trying to look around these punks.
While the game is going on, talk to them in between periods, okay?
How do I lock out?
How do I manage the luck?
I haven't I've bitten my lip because when people have got season tickets or partial love,
you know, and you're going to be sitting there for a long time, you don't want to say too much,
but I'm just tossing that to the wind.
I can't handle it anymore.
I got a guy sitting in front of me who are waving to people across the way and with the arms up,
while the game is going on, I don't want to see your arms, I don't want to see your little kid up in the air,
I don't want to see these kids in the aisle that you're talking to, I want to see the game.
There's before the game, there's in between periods, there's after the game, there's out in the hallway.
If that's what you want to go there for fine.
But give the rest of the people an opportunity to see maybe what the hell's going on.
And then you say to yourself, oh, I forgot, I'm in Miami, I forgot.
Sorry, sorry.
Spare some change, mister, sorry.
By the way, speaking of that, thanks to the people who brought checks by for Center One,
plus what came in the mail this morning, we got, and thanks to special thanks,
where did I get that real nice big fight check from Brian and Holliday hangers in Broward and Tamarack.
Thank you, Brian, for a real big fat one and a check two.
So we got 78,926, we got rounded off, because I know we got a lot more than that in the stores.
79,000 dollars per center one today is the 10th of December.
So we got 21 days left and 21,000 to go to get our goal of 100 grand at 2000 today.
Should be able to do that between the internet and the mail and the phone orders and the stuff at borders.
We should be able to do that, dammit.
1026 at 560 WQ.
You're a bastard.
There was a blue.
There was a blue.
There was a blue.
There was a blue.
There was a blue.
There was a blue.
There was a blue.
There was a blue.
There was a blue.
There was a blue.
There was a blue.
There was a green.
There was black light.
There was a green.
There was a blue.
You were feeling wide right,
Then your face turned all white
Oh, thank you.
You try to live as well as
Goodbye to you
Forever
Forever
I have a yours and I
Look at us, there are heaven
Every night I'm at home
And I'm watching TV
Oh, my heart is set
All his come and he's
And listening to him
Well, the day is
Whenever the day is
It's hard to grow
It's now or never
But as I watch his flakes
And I look at all those chicks
I wish I knew
If they do
They do well
They do well
They do well
It's test 3356, WQA
What's that you want to do?
I'll sponsor it
Or you get a minute behind
And you're like, forever catching up
Like a dog chasing its thing
Dickey Farco fired in Palm Beach
WJNO, a WBZT
Wherever the hell he was
One thing we can say about Dickey Farco
Years ago, he's an asshole
And today he's an asshole
At least he's consistent
Okay, small potatoes
Here's a mobile in Delray Beach
Hello
Go into that hockey game last night
Yes
Ray Whitney, I was fabulous
What have you
But with the light situation
You know, I got to be honest
That he doesn't bother me
As much as ballad as you
Why not?
Because I just enjoy the hockey play itself
Maybe because I didn't grow up with it like you
Or the difference feeling
How difficult it is
I just don't care
How hard is it to make the red light
Come on, what a goal of score
That's what's supposed to happen
Like in the hockey game
No, no, you're right
It doesn't bother you
No, no
It drives me crazy
Because, you know, any
You can have a ballad
You can have a technical problem anywhere
But how long does it go on
Before they do something to fix it
What bothers me is that they don't seem to care
That they remind me of this radio station
They don't give a crap
They're just rolling to just
Fake their way through it
They don't care about the fans
It's not just an isolated thing
It's part of the whole ambiance there
It's bush-league
By the way, I like your new format
All over the whole day
Right, there you go
There you go
I'll see you in Graceland
Bye-bye
All Elvis, baby
The King
And the Queen
We have an open line in Broward to and Dave
566-705-60
So there you go
Doesn't bother him
I'm just a bad guy
I'm a hard-ass
They're doing the way
They're happy
They see themselves up on the screen
They're juking
They're driving
They're dancing
They're stripping
They're playing grab-ass with each other
They're having a good old time
Music is going on
They're having a good time
I go there to watch your hockey game
Which have a good time
If the game is in the least bit entertaining
I'm not a star-puss
I'm not a bad guy
I just go there to try to have a good time
That's all
But I'm the only one that cares about these things
So, apparently they're not getting
They got calls about the noise being too loud
On the PA
Because people were being deaf and then losing their hearing
So people didn't make calls about that
But about the time clocks
And the penalty clocks
And the red lights
Nobody cares about that
So that's why it continues
Because they'll just ignore me
Oh, it's just that kneel again
You know, he's just a big mouth, he's a real clown
You know
Just me
First call right out of the box
A guy, something like a reasonable guy
It doesn't bother him
Open line
And Dave, two of them and one and Broward
5, 6, 7, everybody, when I wasn't taking calls
They were all lit up like a Hanukkah bush
Now that I want to hear from some of these bastards
Oh, well, we're too busy now
You missed your chance, Patso
Okay, thank you
Happy Holidays
Here's Boka
Hello
Boka
Hello, Neil
Yes, sir
Yes, I'm Boka and Boka
How you doing? First time long time
Yeah
This isn't chronic Bob and Boka, is it?
Oh, no, it's not
Yeah, okay, I do
Okay, we have an open line at Broward to and Dave
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, boy, I thought we got ready him 100 years ago
Get out of here
Here's a lady in Miami, hello
Good morning, Neil
Yes, ma'am
I was at that hockey game last night
Yes, is it only me? Am I the only one that's the story I was thinking about?
No, I agree with you 100 percent
How can you watch a game and not know what's going on with the time clock?
Right
I mean, it's just I have
And how about knowing when a goal is scored?
Doesn't it help if the red light comes on?
10 seconds, 15 seconds after, I guess
If it didn't, no, you don't understand
It doesn't come on at all
I understand, that's what I mean
It takes some 10 to 15 seconds to put it on
No, it came on
But it took like 10 minutes to fit in
No, it didn't never come on
No, it doesn't work
Okay, well, there's no excuse after four months
No excuse at all
This lady saw it come on
Okay
She'll leave me sweetheart
I said they're staring at it and the light too
And it did not come on
Okay
It did not pop on
And I think the horn
No
I think the horn that went off was Mr. Torrey and Mr. Murray
Maybe they think they need a win
They can't see that
Catch it up, you know
Yeah, they were done
That's a good point, maybe they're trying to
Okay, it's over boys, we got the lead
Let's get out of here
A, we can see it's flipping away
Exactly, exactly
And I really, the Panthers are not going to go anywhere this year
If they're playing games, the Jara had four goals
And they come back
And they're playing a game
Our model, our model this year is no lead
It's too big for us to blow
That's the Panthers model this year
It's actually very fun
The Rangers game with a second to go
They blew the lead three times
And the Carolina game had a settle for a more smart-meat tie
And they blew a four goalie last night to thank God for Spaylin' Whitney on it one play
Or we might have won up with a tie or a loss in that game the way it turned out
Exactly, you could not play hockey like this
I expect to get anywhere
Right
I'm sorry
But hey, just another day
Okay, glad you saw it, come on
Okay
Have a great day
She saw it, come on, 10 or 15 seconds
Maybe it did it, did it come on
No
At any time? No
No
Maybe it was the Virgin Mary
That might have happened
There was the Virgin Mary lighting up
I don't mean lighting up like with
Like not this
You think the Virgin Mary lights up?
Every now and then
Then things almost out of gas too
Uh-huh
21 to 11 here on all spots radio
We got Hank coming up and two
We got there, what do we got today?
I haven't even looked at the thing back there
Booster with 6 o'clock at E.K.a. 10
I assume
Oh no, tonight's Thursday
Do we have a game tonight?
Thursday night
You guys, uh, self
No Thursday night football tonight
So like I said, I was right
Holy machin' on
This is Joe Ball on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs
And you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God
Oh right
Thursday night, Thursday night
Down the close depends on you
And the powers you pose at
Think you saved his life
Think you'd like his or mine
He's got a job where you deserve
You have a brand new style too
We love the way you watch your new
We take the on your chest
And go through tonight's dress
And you go to our old friend
Thursday night
Thursday night
Thursday night
Thursday night
Who's with the speed I got this out?
Get the baggy straight to hell
When a building starts too low
The door is closed and we know
Your rushing trouble is so mighty slow
I'm not going to hit the person
If I'm the way you do it
I want to get the most available
And show up in New Year's Eve and Times Square
Right up there on a big thing
You know, right under the ball
New Year's Eve, right up there
When the little hand hits the big hand
Instead of wasting your time on a set of bank buildings
And clear water on Totino's pizza
Or Rosa Lopez's house in Hollywood
You know, show up or somebody might actually see it
They're right in Times Square and New Year's Eve
And show up on a set of bank buildings
Here's a lady mobile in Miami Lake
Hello
Hi
Yes, ma'am
Eclatia, the Republican in the house
Is asking people to call him
To let him know how they feel
About how he should vote
Yes
His phone number is 522-1800
And they can hear it
What kind of a number is that?
522-1800
And Broward
Oh, okay, that's a Broward number
954, right?
As soon as I hear 1-800, I start, you know, getting backwards
522-1800
Right
And I called and I just asked my zip code
I told them why I was calling this
My zip code and I told them
You know, this is ridiculous
Get this over with
Okay, thank you, God bless you sweetheart
522-1800, everybody call and tell them cut the crap
By the way, George, let's have a party
I just celebrated my first
Here in this end of the studio
Yeah, I just killed them here
It is little one, little black one
Little black sample
There it is, little tiny ant
So congratulations to us
From Sheridan Street all the way over here to North-Aid
We finally made progress
We got their answer
Moving in
Not only the rest of the guys are going to be moving in
But the answer move it into
All right
I can't believe it
And we were talking about this off the air, George and I yesterday
Pondering, you know, we've been here about a year
Getting very close to a year now
Have we ever seen an exterminator in here
Like we did to all the other stations
Ever worked there
Ever saw a guy come in here and spray, you know
No
Because that cost money
Maybe that's why they've got mice and rats and rodents
And serpents and bugs and roaches
Over the other place
Can we afford an exterminator?
No
Sorry
Don't want to disturb you, beasley boys
Over the very happy holidays and naples
But you know, don't want to bug you
Here's Miami, hello
Meal, God, I'm sorry
Yes sir, okay
Champ bozos is now at Danny's anyway, by the way
What is?
They didn't like that name, you know
They didn't like that name at all
The Sambo's on it
Yeah
About these new Macarino are there
These people paid $200 million
They should be foaming at the mouth
Because this place is just a busily
They don't care, you don't care
I get no response
I'm sitting here and I know that I don't relate to the people in this town
I mean, 23 years is I've learned a long time ago
Before the 23 years
That I don't relate to understand where these people are coming from
But that very first guy who calls
Was out of his way to make the call on a mobile no less
To tell me that the red light though guy
It doesn't bother him if it comes on or not
I mean
I mean, if he had to pay a $200 million
He'll be jumping up and down, putting out his hand
So that's not the point
Somebody paid for his seats whether he paid or somebody else paid for the seats
If you're going to go to watch a sporting event
I mean, you know, suppose the scoreboard doesn't work at all
Suppose we don't know what the score is
The time is we already accomplished that last life
Anything, I mean, we just go there and go through a scrimmage
I mean, why even bother putting on the uniform
Let's just go out there and wear sweats and pretend it's a practice again
It renders it meaningless
It was an embarrassing bush league event last night
And if I'm the only one in this town that's got the guts to say it, then good for me
There you go
Thank God for the old...
Yeah, good
That's right
You people over there are nothing
Nothing works from the escalator and the lights to them
I mean, just nothing for the fans
Just keep taking and taking and taking and demanding that people come in and subsidize
Whatever kind of swall you put out there, okay?
That's what it boils down to
And everybody else, they just sit back like that
They're in La La La
Yeah, well, we don't know what the problem is
Yeah, because you don't even understand you wouldn't know a red light if they stuck one in your account
That's right
They stuck one in your left ear, you wouldn't know what the hell it was
Openline in Dade County, 566705, 60, 05, 560 on the mobile one line
Here's a mobile in Atlanta
Hey, Neil
Yes, sir
Listen, yeah, I was terrible last night, I agree with you
I'm a hockey question, though
Since football is pretty much established that you can't win anything without defense
How come we're dealing with Sean Burke here who just been...
The first, the absolute result
They just rotate
He's like a bowling ball from four inches away, this man is grotesque
He's terrible
Yes, you're right, and I thought...
I told you that when he signed it, I told you we're going to be in for real problems
What do we do?
Well, what do you mean, what do we do?
Tell our tickets and go to the ring
No, just bring a good book
Bring a flash like a good book and have a good time
Okay, and get out of here
What do we do?
What do I do? What do I do?
Slap this guy across the face and tell him, be a man like Marlon Brando told El Martino, okay?
Be a man, that's what you do
Put you up a little bit
You just keep coming here and hope for the best, that's all, that's all I can do
I go there, I show up hope for the best and...
And once they're mildly lucky like last night, even though we tried to blow it
I mean, when you come right down to it, you've got four goals on one power play, I mean, it's like a gift
All of a sudden they woke up after their earlier 5 on 3 was a disaster
Well, of course we don't practice 5 on 3, we know that
But I mean, just as total as the crowd was brewing or suck on
All of a sudden, there's this 5 minutes span when these guys
Causel off and Whitney and Neade are like, everybody wakes up there on fire for 5 minutes, we've got a 4-0 and leads
And still then you're blew that game
We had a 5-3 lead in the third trick, and still then you're blew it
But I can handle that, I mean, you win, you lose whatever you support your team
But the other stuff that goes along with it, if you're willing to accept that kind of horseball ambiance
In an arena that you people indirectly help to pay for, I don't understand you, I can't relate to you
That's why this, that's why this town is what it is, and we talk about this all the time
No matter where you go, the by word here is mediocrity
Don't make any waves, don't open up a big mouth, just fake your way through life
Do the best half-ass thing you can possibly do, and just forget about it
Nobody demands excellence here, nobody demands professionalism
They're sloky way through, this is Lala land, this isn't the big time, this is the bushes baby
We're beating it in the bushes, like Dr. Watch's name there on, you know, here's the Helen Dale, hello
Hi, Neil, good morning
Yes sir, I don't know what I was watching last night, I watched the game on TV
And all four Palpat golds, they showed a close-up of the red light on
They showed a close-up of the red light on
As they scored the gold, they paned for a close-up of the red light, and it was a real big close-up
And it showed the red light, now it was so good
How can we can't see it from where I sit?
I don't know, but you know, all I'm saying is I was watching on TV and at least for the four Palpat golds, they showed a close-up of the red light on
I got news to you sir, because I'm not blind, I have very, I have excellent vision with my thick glasses
You, from where I, because I know Howard Clyburn told me the furry first game that when you sit on the other side
And the goal is scored at the other end that you can't see the red light there
So maybe it's coming on, we just can't see it, like you know, half the crowd just can't see it
Well, I don't know what to tell you, but I...
In addition to that by the way, you know, they came up with a real good idea there
And the third period when the clocks went out and the penalty clock went out
And they were showing sports channel on the screen up there, so at least the players and the fans could see how much time was left in the game
And how come they stopped doing that? How come on sports channel they stopped putting the penalty clock at the day
Because they have their own time clock, which at least is close to the real game
How come they didn't put that up there anymore?
No, that's another...
Oh my god
Sir, you're telling me, maybe that's the reason that half of the people think I'm nuts
Maybe that's why this lady says she saw it come on
From where I'm sitting, you never see it come on, you cannot see it from the angle that we said
And then I'm right at center rice
Well, check it out with Rimmer, I mean, his face
Oh, check it out with Rimmer
Do you think Rimmer is gonna give me a real answer to this?
No
But it's on tape somewhere, I mean, you can't even...
Remember to just stay on his paper's newspapers, you don't have time to worry about this stuff
It was on TV, you saw the red light
I swear to god, I don't want the pencils for the rules on that power play
On the first four goals of the power play, a real big close-up too
Yeah
Real big close-up
You sure that wasn't that bulb that's over in the East Pop Van Red, you sure that wasn't that?
Could be that, or one of their new Christmas decorations
Okay, well, maybe that's straightened it out, maybe just on our side, we're on the dark side
Okay, well maybe something else is listening
Well, thank god you're straighting me out, that's moving in the right direction
Okay, take care
Okay, see if they had the big goal, like I've talked about before, but that'll never happen
Because that would have spent maybe two or three hundred dollars to do that
Then everybody could see him all the time at both ends
So if you're lucky enough to...
That's unbelievable
Unbelievable
Because trust me when I tell you, I have no reason to make this up from where I sit
That pretend that never you can never see it
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello
Deal
Yes sir
Hey, first time long time
Yes sir
I have to agree with you 100% with Dzerina, I went to my first game last Saturday
Yeah
Oh, the Carolina game
Yes, unbelievable
I couldn't see the red light, the clock stopped about five hundred times
Uh-huh
I don't know what's going on with the game
Oh, the clock was great in that game, I mean it did have some spastic moments in that game
But last night it just went out for like five-timits at a time
And then toward the end of the game it just cracked out all together
The penalty clocks weren't working, nothing was working together, time of day clock
Everything just went dark
Thank god that I had board channel on so I could tell what the hell, how much time was it in this game
Mm-hmm
Unbelievable
In fact, well maybe what really happened was that five minutes of major power play that we had
Maybe that really was ten minutes and they just never got the clock started, that could be
Another thing, Sean Burke, we got to get rid of him, he's terrible
Yeah
How about getting Felix Potman from Toronto?
No chance
No chance?
Where are we going to trade?
We don't have anybody they want, we almost pulled that off and they said robby's a pussy
And we're not taking no chance on that
And we got nobody to see if you're not willing to trade guys that people want, you're not going to make a deal
Right
How about getting a sniper like Pavel Burry or something like that?
Yeah, right, okay, have a great day pal, this guy must be on drugs
Don't you read your newspaper sir?
BM says we can't afford those guys, we can't afford no Pavel Burry or Zigmund Palfeer guys like that
We're not going to put a big superstar out there for it to pay him a lot of money
When we can get by, you know, take our way through with these guys who are, you know, not making all that much
We have an open line indeed
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60 on the mobile one line, 10 55 at QAM
We are not with this much kids
We are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this
We are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this
We are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this
We are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this much kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids,
we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with
this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we
are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this kids, we are not with this
dictionary, letters, letters, letters, letters, letters letter letter letter letter letter letter letter letter letter letter L, I'm your first time of the lesson.
but that'll bottom me.
Well, I can afford the good stuff there.
I saw the light by, um, come on, come on, great record.
What year?
Oh, gee, I don't know in the 80s.
He's to play that all the time on Zeta.
That was a great song.
Todd Rungren.
Very good.
Yeah, very good.
I don't know if that's the right title though.
Trust me when I tell you that is the right title.
Todd Rungren, I saw the light.
See, I gotta come up with my own answers now, man.
I got, you know, Jolt and Jo over there who's, uh,
all worried about Jo to my job because he's Italian.
Got a big nose and I got this little spick
and he was worried about, you know,
fully or glaciers records.
He's sitting in there yesterday looking at pictures
of Gloria Estefan making which really grossed me out.
Took me another two, three hours because it'd be
probably going to blow up an appetite for lunch.
Here's a mobile in Opalaka.
Hello.
Yeah, how are you?
Okay, so how you doing?
I read like, I'm a season ticket holder.
I sit on the sheet twice and it does come on right away.
The problem is the light is laying flat instead of on the top right.
Lainer side.
You can't see from when you're at the light.
Lay sideways.
Well, why is it laying sideways in the beginning?
You could see it when it came on the first couple of games of the season.
I said downstairs once.
In other words, we got a drooping light.
Exactly.
Now the night at the other end, they took about 15 to 20 seconds to come on
about three times last night.
Oh really?
A dealer and this one came on right away.
The shoot ends.
Right.
And I promise you for more.
I'm sitting you couldn't see it.
If somebody knows, I know I know I know I know you couldn't see it.
I said downstairs once and you couldn't see it.
How much effort does it take for them to straighten that out?
All they got to do in the daytime when the place is sitting there empty is
have somebody sit there like right at center rice and look over to thing
and and adjusted.
Can you see it now?
Yes.
No, maybe and you know, so maybe we know what's going on there.
They don't give a crap about the fans.
That's what really forced my fat ass.
They don't care.
I agree.
I agree.
The light's weird.
It's not seen at all.
The thing with a horn going off with 14 minutes left in the game and
everybody coming to a stop that to me that was the epitome of all the years
I've spent in this town.
Everything that I've suffered through here, that was the epitome.
That was the defining moment of my life that.
Another thing horn go off about 30 seconds left in the game.
I mean, some of the fan had a horn.
I think is what it was.
Oh great.
I know.
I'm okay.
Okay.
Thanks.
Thanks for giving us.
So if you're sitting in just the right spot.
Okay.
If you're sitting just in the right seat, maybe it's one of those
narrow seats that your ass is pinched into, but you see there's a blessing
and everything and every dark cloud is a little silver lining in there.
We have an open-lotted,
Broward to and day five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the eighth day.
And like I said, I'm the only person that is bothered by that.
Nobody else cares.
You know something.
If you don't care, fine.
I'll never say another word about it.
No seriously, I can live with it.
I find it incredibly embarrassing and just grotesque.
It's smart.
Smart me.
But if that's okay with you guys, great.
If it doesn't bother you, the clock keeps going off and the penalty because you
know, when you don't know anything about the game, I guess it doesn't make any
difference.
One thing I'll say about P.P. Park, you can knock it all you want, but I, you know,
been to a lot of dolphin games there and a lot of Marlon's games and, you know,
the scoreboard seems to work and a clock, 99% of the time seems to work.
I mean, there is always the possibility for a technical malfunction anywhere in the
best of facilities.
But here it's like part of the ambiance.
It's like they gave this as a free bonus, you know, little added excitement without any extra charge.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Oh, God.
Yes, sir.
That game I find as well and I agree with you at 2000%.
I think these people, they're more concerned with seeing themselves on the screen.
And then only they just go between that and getting those t-shirts flowing up in a crowd.
Those if they could get as animated during the game going on as they do during the
other spurious bullcrap, we'd really have something.
You know, it's really sad.
There was like, that's what they're paying.
I mean, right before the early,
we always do that camera thing in between before the action starts up again,
but that's what they're paying attention to.
They're over 5 on TV.
Right.
And it's just like you said, you know, how many, how many millions of dollars a stadium was,
but they can't get the clock.
200 million.
200 million.
They don't usually, you've got to touch the toilet to flush it in there.
I mean, you know, modern day facility.
Yeah, right.
That's right.
They have to evil eye, the automatic flush, but these are a lot cheaper than evil eyes.
They'll actually keep us to best.
And what was really bad was like you said 14 minutes ago, the horn goes off.
Yeah.
I mean, how about even when they see the national anthem every time I want you to stop and think about this.
Suppose when that happened,
suppose we would have been right in front of the
other net that we would have had a chair, real good scoring chance there.
And support the home of the golf and everybody just came to a stop.
I got a new square.
I mean, I was going the other way.
It was a neutralized and you know, you don't know what would happen.
But like, you're like, what the hell is this?
And if you can do anything, maybe we just came up with a new tactic.
Every time it looks off, the other team's going to have a break or, you know,
a sporting chair, or just blow the horn.
And we blow it.
There you go.
Yeah, we blow it and I want to.
Right.
And you know, even when they see the national anthem, this poor guy,
I mean, you're in Braggell.
Yeah.
You hear the crackling and the PA.
I mean, it's just like, and he's great too.
We love Aaron Braggell.
And he actually got the words to the whole Canada right last night.
That's what it was.
But the PA blow is your own thing.
It's like, I mean, this is, this is what you got.
I guess, you know, when you use cheap one, Wayne doesn't want to pay these.
The union people, this is what you get.
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
And we're having a good time, man.
And here's the best thing.
Yeah.
When it was four and often when they scored their first goal, I'm thinking,
I said, you know something?
They're going to let him wipe back in this game and sure sell it up.
Yeah.
Oh, you could smell it.
You could smell it coming.
I know, either I either somebody took a dump in a hallway or it was.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Nobody sees at least if we got to have him to stay in the freaking net.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Every time he boy, he, I said to the first five minutes of the game, they could add three goals.
He was watered a lot like Wubble Stokeston.
Well, listen, have a great day, pal.
I'm hanging there.
We're having a great time.
Come on, let's hear it.
Come on.
Come on.
Get up and do a little dance, baby.
This is what it's all about.
Yeah.
All right.
Can you feel it?
Can you smell it?
Huh?
Tell us.
Here we go.
Thank you.
10 minutes after 11 at 5.
60 WQM.
All right, the Wii Wii.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
Come on.
I bet it's going to be a great place.
Am I going to be going?
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I'm going to play the game.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
I don't want to tell you who that was.
All Elvis, all day ladies.
Okay, that's just a warning, okay?
Things to work.
Things to work like, Matt,
That was better than threatening to put Mike Spindell on you're doing trivia
Here's Miami hello
Okay, sir
Let me tell you it was the game from hell for me as a lady next to me
I couldn't sit all the way back so the goal side for the whole time is shot
I couldn't see all the sea where will they're back and I couldn't say nothing so I stayed quiet at three guys rose up saying
Let's go
Yeah, the whole game
Shut up
Well finally I guess a third period and I'm frustrated with the clock. I am just ticked off
Screaming I'm ramming and ranting on that guy gets up until the name buddy wanted you shut up and look at the game
Oh, that's it. I was I got up my friend hooked me down
It was incredible. How could you go to a game and have this annoying guy behind you the whole time?
They don't they don't care you don't understand it. They do things by wrote it
They're like like like after they called about a hundred penalties on auto under first minute
We want to score four goals. They finally start evening things out they call one penalty on us and all of a sudden these
Assoles to my right to hey rest you stuck and I'm thinking to myself. They just gave us four goals
Okay, they just gave us four Phantom goals there in five minutes and you're doing hey rep you stuck it
It's like they're they're automatons. You know like a little bell goes off of a automatic to respond
I'm gonna say that clock thing was just the most annoying thing I mean not annoying was embarrassing
That is ridiculous and then I'm looking over where you're sitting because I was right across from the section 118
Right and there's huge humongous guys sitting in front of you with this black shirt
I'm like poor Neil. I don't think you can see with it. No, no
There wasn't a huge guy sitting in front of me. This guy's not a big guy
This guy's just a guy who doesn't care that the rest of us want to watch the hockey game
And he's waving the people he's got his arms up in the air like half of the game
And he's talking to people standing in the aisle while the game is going on
And I just I've just reached the point where I can't deal with it
There's too much left in the season. I'm not gonna put up with that crap
I had the whole kindergarten line behind me. I had like five kids jumping on the chairs
One kids taking my chair. Yeah, I think that everybody should be forced to do it
If it like a nursery section everybody drop off your little punky kids and nursery and keep them out of our place
Take up the Stanley's up there. It's empty anyway
Exactly take him to the bar and put him on a bar stool right man. Okay pal. All right, man
I mean, you know, I you don't want to alienate the people to sit around
Yeah, I did see Andy the way I'll across there. We see Andy all the time. Nice going Andy
He looked a little pie-eyed by the third period as usually is a good guy
Didn't see any of the other people that we used to see with didn't see the Kleinberg's last night over there
I did see Dr. Mark that's Dr. Mark number two by the way
But boy oh boy, it's just I don't know not like he used to be
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello, Neil. What's your problem with Joe? Yeah, okay, Woody
Don't listen don't waste your time calling me every day with the same whiny obnoxious boys. Okay
Yesterday he's doodamazio's boyfriend
He's gonna come down here with Joe Rose's brother-in-law and kick my ass and today's what's your problem?
What's your problem? Okay, can't find a goddamn life
Huh, they got a search party looking between your legs and can't find anything but a smooth spot. Is that the problem Woody?
Or whichever chronic that was?
The QAM van is there. Oh the QAM van and now it's university in Broward
University in Broward North East corner shell station exactly where I thought it would be great
Excellent choice Chris or sputon's D.H. stickers dolphin t-shirt you're mumbling again. Mm-hmm
Dolphin t-shirts and what do we do in the voters?
What is it? What are we doing with those? Tell them hock at them everything's 20 bucks
Or they can just drop some money off and not take anything. Okay, great
So we got the best of Neil CDs and cassettes. We got the best of Neil T-shirts and dolphin t-shirts
20 bucks a pop for center one or you can just drop it off a check donation cash whatever Chris read will take it
And he's right in the northeast corner of the university in Broward and the QAM van right now at the shell station
You know right the next to the animal hospital that I don't go to anymore. I'm sorry
Right across from the convenience store where several of the plantation cops hang out doing the coffee all night late and oh, I'm sorry
Good good spot there right kitty corner across from the Broward Mall university in Broward
Go buy in let's raise a few thousand today. Come on get with it
Open line of day one in Broward 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line
Here's a mobile in Pahokie. How you doing Neil? Okay, sir
I was a guy. I came by and said about a five second hello to you last night. Maybe a check for 25 bucks
Thank you. Yes, sir. Thanks very much. There was a lady in front of me now
This is gotta be what's wrong with this town. I think I found out this is a nutshell
This lady in front of me last night when the clock went out. Yeah, she looked at her husband
That's how are we gonna know when to leave now
I almost died when you do notice that in the game that was
Getting more and more nervous and excited like it got to be five five and like everybody left
We're like five thousand of us left with five minutes up in the game
I don't understand that what is the purpose of going and then of course you say to yourself
Obviously because it was something to do and they don't really care that much
I know interest their understanding of passion for it and it's time to go bye-bye, you know
I look over my wife. I said a lot of things you could hear
I said how about when the game's over right and they don't turn around looking me like I could like they could have killed me
Like I like I was some kind of an ass. I still don't get it. I go on understanding people
I mean what's the point of going I know if you don't care who wins your loses or what the outcome is
I can understand you know if it was five nothing. Okay. I I believe in after the second period of
Nothing even with us. So, you know, we can't pull that lead in the third period. I don't think almost almost dead
No, but well, it was never five nothing though. All right
Yeah, if Melon people would have gotten wouldn't have gotten that stupid penalty and Whitney would have gotten his other goal and it would have been
Well, that's all I got okay pal. They talk and say you see you
And thanks again. Yeah, some very nice people came by with checks last night and one guy was 40
No, two guys with 20 bucks and cash and yes, sir the cash did get into our center one thing
Okay, I'm sure that there's some people they're oh jeesh are given cash trust me. Okay, I'm making
I'm scratching out a few bucks today was payday so I didn't have to steal the 40 dollars
Okay, you can trust me with your cash trust me with just about anything. All right
All depending on what you look like
It's eight minutes after noon at 560 wqa. I mean you want a great pair of shoes one place you can be guaranteed you can't miss
Brandy shoes and pompato beats they've been helping everybody in town fit and walk around like real men's grow over 19 years now
With the best in the hottest styles and with the best brand names and unbeatable prices to a combination that's unbeatable
I'll just go buy a pair of shoes in some little
Monin pop shoe store on a street corner
You'll be walking around like rumpel stillskin, okay?
You want to walk around in real comfort and style it's brandy where you'll find over 30,000 pair of famous names
Shoes in the hottest styles going floor shine subago dexter bostonian echo egypteer clerks s.a.s
They got them all the largest retailer of rock port shoes in the entire state of florida
Forget your feet and you're asking the brandies let their experience that help you fit you up right with a great looking and great fitting per shoes
Brandies at 1290 federal highway and pompato beats where you can drive your car right up to the front door or call them at 954
943 9667 if they have to special order something for you no problem
They'll do it in the left to charge you'll be walking around in those great new shoes in no time at all great shoes great selection
And unbeatable prices always waiting for you at brandies and pompato
Okay, thank you
It's a lot of time to know that 560 wqa we have two open lines today 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile line
Chris reading the qm van up there were shells in the corner university in brouard bouvard with our best of stuff
Just stop by there. Okay, just up the zip on in here maybe get some gas if you need to get some
Gas or maybe Chris has got some hello on you
And drop off a checker get some CDs dolphin t-shirts best in eel t-shirts. Let's raise like I said two three million dollars there today
And get your checks in the mail. Okay, like I said if we can average a thousand dollars a day combined. I mean that should be not that difficult
should it
Between the internet sales and between all the borders eight stores and between the checks that are
You know coming in the mail dribbling in yet they're dribbling is what they're doing
To wqm center one two oh two nine five north-war second avenue mimie three three one six nine
Make the check out the center one in any amount
And what did I leave out in the website and and calling center one directly five six four five six three three six hundred
Put all that together and if we can't raise an average of a grain today these last 21 days before the new year
Then there's something really really rotten in this town
Here's mimie lakes hello
Yes, how you doing sir great
You know some of the electrical problems are having down there the arena might actually be
Glitches in the electrical engineering so they might have to do some major reconstruction
Which means you won't see improvement probably the next season if they're working on it really yeah
Cuz a lot of that wiring oh my god
A lot of that wiring runs through the walls which means they have to break it down and order there
How comes to find out that the go lights problem is because they've got an angled or tilted or they got it wrong
So that people sitting on one whole side of the place can't even see it
So that's not an electrical problem in addition to which how come how come it's only the time
Situation that they got a problem with all the other graphics and the really complicated stuff the pictures up there on the year school board
They never go out they're fine. They got all the ads that they put up there that works great
Well, I really don't know haven't been down there, but I know that you know some of those problems could be
Because of the wiring which is internal
So I could be a problem. Well, let's just hear the thing down build it over here
All right, you'll think okay. It'll only cost another 200. But let you know inflation. It's probably up to 250 million by now
We'll just hear the sucker down start all over again
Two open lines in date five six seven oh five 60 and pound five 60 on a mobile one line
Let me say it again. It's it's part of this whole ambiance of assholes making 10 and 15 and 20 million dollars a year
Who can't even spell their goddamn name right?
And the public supposed to subsidize it and then the public supposed to subsidize the building all these aren't in stadium
Oh, we want to stay the amant we want it, you know
And then you go ahead and do it and they give you a half-assed product not acceptable
Okay, maybe all these other bum forkers out there. Maybe it's acceptable to them
But it is not acceptable to do good and that's the only damn thing that counts. Okay, so guys get your ass
Get your act together over there. Will you please
Like I'm hallucinating like I'm fantasizing like I'm just making things up bush league baby
Here's pompano hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I know I wouldn't call it a problem
But I know that which your personal opinion is of Dennis Pottvin
What do you think of him as a player in his day? He was great. He was a great player. What are a lot of great players who are assholes?
Absolutely. He is a person. He's an asshole. Yeah, but as a player. He was a great. He's a hollow flavor
I thought I was gonna ask you do you think he was working as a person? I think you know, he's a dumb frog which
A lot of books in your jersey. You know, he he adds nothing to the telecast
I mean, there's no question about that. He's you know, he doesn't even understand the game when you listen to him talk on a TV
So he has nothing I was just wondering what you felt about him. Was he worthy of the hall of fame? Oh, I'm so lucky
I'm really considering right the fence man history of the game, but he's also dumb jack one of those too
Would you say top 10 all-time defense one? Oh, I said if you just conclude offense man sure just defense. Yes, sir
Okay, oh, I just wanted to know the great player but like I said before a lot of great players were you know just dumb jack
We have an open line and Broward to end date five six seven oh five sixty and five sixty out of mobile
Well, what kind of person you know would say the things that he says on the air like I feel really
Yeah, what kind of a intelligent person would say that on here and then sit there like with a straight plus
While rumors trying to scrape himself up off the floor, you know, what kind of an asshole birts that out on a broadcast on television?
Even on radio. We don't say that but on television to say I feel really
I mean you're dealing dumb frog D. F. Okay
Two openings in date if you move real quickly five six seven oh five sifty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
This I think you have any interest in the TV program like on channel 40 with the Panthers because last night
On the period second period. Yeah, we missed the last five minutes of the game no audio nothing just a picture of the of the cat
But the panther that was it. Why is that? I don't know
Yeah, they then they came back
During the intermission. It said sorry about the difficulty
It must have I don't understand how that's possible because they were showing it right there on the screen in front of us
Yeah, I was I was at home watching last night. I missed the last I'd say four
Minutes and 30 seconds of the second period. So you did of the second period right second period
Well, you're the first person to call about it so the rest of these people must have been in a coma
Maybe they went out for 20 or 30 more beers at that point
No, I'm just there at home when I was watching the TV program. Oh, yeah, sports channel Wayne own sports channel
So you put all that together and fits right into it. It's not perfectly like a rubber glove
I just wanted to point that
They may not be good, but at least they're consistent they're technically enough
So they ought to be all working over here. I guess we're up to a whopping $20 that the QM van location and Chris says if they buy anything
They'll give you a dolphin t-shirt for free
So in other words what you're saying is we're starting out very very slowly is what you're saying over there
Ha that's week. Yeah. Well, but isn't that's the way these things always start out
See what Chris has got to understand when we go to one of these locations with the van this happens every time we do this is that
You know people are not all gathered around on that street corner unfortunately
There are people who are like in various parts. Isn't this happen every single time
And they have to drive a mile or two miles in the middle of this holiday shopping in St. traffic and then they'll get there
And everybody who get that so he'd give a dolphin t-shirt to anybody and everybody who buys any of our best of stuff and
Comes up at the 20 bucks, which is great and we've also got some DNH bumper stickers and the Neil
Pins and other stuff that we've got that had nothing to do with QAM. Thank God
We've got all that stuff over there in a QM van and Chris is starting to get in patients
He's getting itchy again over there. Okay corner University the Northeast corner University in Bauer right there by the Shell Station
The big QAM van, which is so conspicuous and obvious where are you people? Okay, we're starting to get real concerned about this aren't we?
Yes, we are
We're starting to get real impatient. We want you over there now. We want your money now guys
Damn it
You're right there ought to be a line they had to be lined up there like they were giving away free gas
Let's just make that up. Okay, no, I think we want to do that. They might not let us come come back and use their facility
Yeah, well, how about this kind of free gas? There you go. We'll give you some of that
Two open lines and on the board
I don't want to say in date because that's see that's my problem
That is one of the problems. I've been doing that for 11 and a half months now and I'm not right. It's a summer
Right because they just pop up over the hell
We pop up like a zit they just pop up anywhere five six seven oh five sixty and pop five sixty on the mobile one line
We pay for it. Here's the mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Hey Neil. How are you great quick?
Traffic alert mini van overturned on I said in five and five there's curvy everywhere
Great, okay, thanks for the good news
One open line and wherever it is. Okay five six seven. I got to stop doing that
That's I'm creating part of my own problem. I keep doing that and that's a bad mistake
Miss do you see you make it a lot of bad mistakes? It's almost a new year make a resolution right now
You're gonna stop making these bad mistakes like coming on this morning in the building again about the truth
Telling it like it is about that macarena about that two hundred million dollar disaster
And looks great. Don't get me wrong. It looks beautiful. It is spanking. It is I mean just immaculate but nothing works
Oh, see there you go. You're a prick
Here's plantation. Hello, hey Neil. Yes, sir
But stocking stuffers for your discs and CDs and best of that's great
It's great idea to get a bunch of stuff and you know, give them to give them to the kids give them the neighborhood
Whatever stuff. I'm that's right. Nice stuffers
Something you talked about yesterday. I didn't get through because it was busy people were jumping all of them down on the lines
And uh something you said really hit me about the basketball players and their charity and their millions and dollars and their
Four hundred million dollars and I don't know. Yeah, security for themselves. The charity gets 15% and they divvy up all the best
What a great charity that is you know
One of the things that minor league baseball did that worked really well when the baseball players were striking as does is
She really have your basketball Jones you really want to see some ball
And I know this sounds self-serving because I haven't a teach it at a local college but
These schools the Palm Beach Community College FIU FIU they they have 500 people 800 people go
They're playing good basketball the kids play their hearts out go go watch a college game for nothing or for a couple of bucks
That's what people ought to do those kids are given it. They're all and I know that these other guys
With these stupid phony exhibition things they act like they're a whole bunch of there's a whole class of people in America who can't
Survive without seeing them make
Definitely and that's somehow we can't survive without them and I can't get that how can you
Feel for these people that make this kind of money. I don't you can't you can't possibly unless you're a moron unless you're a masochist
The public relations behind it is so stupid finally dumb that they haven't done something better than what they're doing right
Amazing one more thing later now. They're not they want the supreme court to intervene by the way
To see that they want the supreme court as if we don't have enough other inequities and problems in America now
They're asking the supreme court. That's what a larger one says today. He says a hakeem
You saying we want the supreme court to intervene and straighten this semester
Unbelievable. I mean it's just unbelievable around the verge of getting the god the president impeached for getting a blowjob
And then the supreme court is no sir
And it's the supreme court supposed to be worried about about the seven foot freaks in the NBA
No, it's it's the same priorities in America again, man
And you know they do have some smart people doing marketing for these folks. How can they advise their management?
How can they go as good public relations people not advise their management what they're doing to themselves right?
Well, hey listen now more power to it. I hope they keep it up
And I hope everybody just gets fed up and say to them and before my material runs out last year
I had called you the reverse sympathetic about these bunch of boat scammers that took about 30 40 people for their all their boat
And their money in in Broward County and you just should know that finally the state's attorneys office after two years arrested all these crooks and
Gonna put them away. I guess all right
A bunch of us that lost their money, but still the state only only regulates of people who sell boats under 30 feet
That means people sell yacht people at buy yachts they get regulation on dealers
But we folks who buy the little fishing boats and stuff we get we can get screwed and the state doesn't do anything about it
It's really a crime welcome the Forderman. All right, man. Okay, congratulations. Thanks. Yeah
Okay, we have 72 open lines five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line
Rain
Even Elvis says he's slain. And how do you like that? I don't want to get those people upset again
The ones that were calling you off the areas that they get inside caught oh dear him to say that about the king
Not Elvis. I had a guy come up to me last night who I used to live in Memphis
Who told me that every time his friends were coming to town? They would schlep him
They would force and he said actually it's a it's a great thing
But not for the reason that those people go there. He says it's a freak show
All these toothless old bags these fat old trailer park
Tracia you said that's really the majority of what shows up there
At Graceland
So you people can call me and lie through your teeth and tell me about all the hot babes that are there and what a great time
It is and man. This is uh, you know
I'd rather go to the sawgrass, you know, and send the wander around and try to figure out what everybody's doing there
And what the big attraction is I'd rather do that than waste my time going to Graceland to see the king king in a box
I'd rather go to jack in a box and get a guy then eat coal i burger than go see the king in a box
Here's a mobile in four-letter day. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I was scanning the band last time. I heard her live bob
They got ESPN radio on her own night. Did they change her format? I'm where?
On the live bob last night 1400. I have no idea
Are you okay? You're gonna want to can pick that thing up a night? Well, it was across the street
Yeah, oh, yeah, they changed their format a few months ago. I know what they're doing. Well, I just heard you
I didn't know if you knew that or not. Well, thanks for the good news
Okay, Dick Farco got fired at the BZT in Palm Beach
They're gonna be back to do in mornings on the stupid talk network and I and Z in
Brooke. What's your name?
Babbling Brooke is gonna be doing
Boy that that Pete Bolger man this guy and you know this Charles canadi the Republican on the
jivish uri committee the bald head and the geek with the glasses if he and Pete Bolger aren't identical twins
Because every time I look at him I say to myself he's an asshole and I think of Pete Bolger right away
I mean, I don't know if Charles canadi is a backstabber because we know that Pete Bolger in addition to being he's an asshole
He's also a real aquatic backstabber and liar and the piece of garbage, but other than that
Where we gone here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hello, ill yes, sir. I went to the uh went to the macarena last night. Yes
Took my uh three-year-old son. I go up to the camera and buy a soda and some food and a couple of drinks. Yeah
I buy the kitty soda for two bucks. Right, you know my son three years old he can't drink that much soda
Lady tells me oh, we don't have any tops for that soda. I said wait a minute. I think you guys have a toss for soda stuff
Well, we do but it's for the uh, you know three twenty five soda. Right. You only if you don't you know if you spend out of three bucks
They're not gonna give you no live that's right. Yeah, you know, I so I gotta stand there for 15 minutes
We while she finds the right cup or soda in there get the top for it
You know, and then they give me two warm beers for ten bucks, right? It's amazing
I'll tell you that place is such a such a scam
I never even out other than to go take a leak
I never go in the hallway because uh, you know
The idea of going and getting in of that overpriced lukewarm garbage food. It's so ludicrous to me
I mean, I just not interested in being raped this year, you know
Exactly exactly. I'm blowing a thing but it wasn't that five-minute power for me. We got blown off the ice last night
Yeah, thank God for that and I'll tell you for what and for Ottawa playing in Tampa the night before see me get lucky very often
Because a lot of these teams the schedule favors us because usually when they come down to Florida for the two games back to back
They play in Tampa first and then they play here the second night back to back as opposed to us that had
Often Saturday and it was very obvious to me that they were really out of gas Ottawa
But then once we let them start getting back into the game they kind of got interested again and then your bullet was a pretty embarrassing
Yeah, and thank God for really now. So I gotta go. Okay, so
So how are we we up to 40 bucks yet over there or what
Well, seriously, I mean he gets a little overreactive Chris will get some people over there maybe and if not then we can let you
And ask okay, but don't you're up there in like 30 seconds later. We only got 20 bucks
Okay, like 30 minutes later for you only got 20 bucks then we're gonna go up there and give him hell and raise some real havoc
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line 12 26 it's your way
Where did you find it?
Kaplan white where you got it sports radio 5 60 q a l
I
You're in drinking
Oh
31 and 5 60 every two of the reason I play that somebody faxes me something relatively cute, I think
Saddam Hussein and Bill Clinton meet up in Baghdad for the first rounds of talks in a new piece process
When Bill sits down he notices three buttons on the side of Saddam's chair
They begin talking after about five minutes Saddam presses the first button a boxing glove springs out of the box on the desk and punches Clinton in the face
Confused Clinton carries on talking his side of him laughs
A few minutes later the second button is pressed this time a big boot comes out and kicks Clinton in the ocean
Again Saddam laughs and again Clinton carries on talking now wanting to put the bigger issue off
Piece between the two countries, but when the third button is pressed another boot comes out and kicks Clinton in the private
He's finally had enough knowing he can't do much without functioning well then I'm going back
He tells the Iraqi will finish these talks in two weeks
A fortnight passes and Saddam flies to the US for talks as the two men sit down who say notices three buttons on Clinton's chair and prepares himself for the yanks revenge
They begin talking and Bill presses the first button Saddam ducks, but nothing happens Clinton snickers
A few seconds later he presses the second button Saddam jumps up, but again nothing happens Clinton roars would laughter
When the third button is pressed Saddam jumps up again again nothing happens Clinton falls on the floor
They fit a hysterics forget this Saddam. I'm going back to Baghdad Clinton says through tears of laughter what Baghdad
All right, all right there you go kick their ass, baby
Blow me to the stone age
By the way Bob the Lincoln and I usually avoid mentioning these taxes he sends me
But I just do mention this because this is pretty astonishing for people that are looking for someplace to go on their holiday
Week they got Christmas week to New Year's off
There's a special from martin air you can fly from Miami to Amsterdam round trip coach of course
199 bucks
Leaves from Miami December 24 25th and 26th returns December 30th 34th of January 1st New Year's Day
Wow, but must be ticketed by tomorrow December 11th. So maybe you want to call Bob Lincoln. Should I give him a plug George?
Nine sure not well. I'll get another one of those travel books if I do I guess and maybe some more of those that can
Fighting brother or drop a big your brown
Oh, let's see. What is it 305 947 0262 Bob Lincoln at
Link travel via pulling travel and he's got all the details he can hook you up a trip to Amsterdam round trip
199 bucks. It'll be a little on the chilly side, but you'll warm up real fast over there. I assure you
For Christmas to a New Year's Day. Okay, we have 20 open lines on the board 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line
Here's a mobile in Davie hello
mobile in Davie
Going once
Going twice I guess their horse ran off
Here's a mobile in high a Leah hello
Won't go on okay down to one call on the board the all the these people are spastic baby. They're spastic
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line. How are we doing over there at the shell station by the way on university in power to Northeastern quarter there in
plantation
Giving any updates maybe Chris is too busy pedal and merchandise and taking checks to give any updates. We hope we pray
Here's a mobile in candle hello
Uncle Leo yes, sir
Unfortunately the sports down here's sucks. I'm not even going to talk about that
I just wanted to bring up something to you. I don't know if you know that it involves drugs obviously
But did you know that if you are caught with at the gets more than four hits of acid?
It's considered a conspiracy to overthrow the government. Yeah, yeah
I had no clue. I had no clue. A cop had pulled me over. I mean he didn't catch me with anything
But I had asked because the friend told me about that. Yeah, and I asked the cop and he says yes
And I said why is that he says because at any time you can
slip it into cleanse meal or drink and
Right, you don't have any a long distance away. That's correct. You're
And it's it's like 30 years in jail 30 years to life and it's a conspiracy to overthrow the government
And if you have but Dennis Leroy record in the car and you see that name Leroy
They're going to get real nervous to I think that's 50 years if you have both
Okay, 17 open lines and date five six seven oh five 50 pound five 60 on a mobile one line
Here's another by the way. I meant to mention this the other day when it was in the paper letter in the editor
Which I never missed them because there's always one or two gems usually on a ridiculous side
Stephen Verady in Atlanta. Where's Atlanta?
Is there a place down here called Atlanta?
The water park that I didn't know no, this is a place like or allegedly
Maybe maybe a Steven's you only one in Atlanta's maybe it's right next to Uranus
He says I was pleased to attend the Florida Panthers wonderful November 22nd hockey game against the Philadelphia Flyers
Well, I wasn't really that wonderful a Steven because we lost the game
But nevertheless hockey is an intrimsonly violent game with a certain amount of physical contact built into the rules and regulations
This I can understand he says
But I'm bothered to see how excited and animated the fans become when they're spiting on the ice well. Okay. You got a point
However, here's the best part of Steven's letter
I'm really bothered when at the beginning of the game the mascot comes out of the ice with the dummy of the opposing team and
pounds and hammers it and they gratuitously violent matter the dummy gets trampled and eventually its head comes off
The mascot then kicks the head off the ice to wild shearing applause
Is this not an incitement to violence or riot?
Is this what fans want their children to see?
Oh, appreciate. Do we even the fabric of their lives?
Welcome to America, Steven and Atlanta. Wherever you are. Okay, six Stevens get a little bit carried away
You're starting to pick on you know on the panther mascot now. What the hell is his name the panther mascot?
What is his name
I'm sorry Stanley C panther see I got to answer all my own questions today. That's something you should know about
I should know about the fairly C panther. Of course you don't have to be a hockey fan to know Stanley C panther
I mean see their Stanley C panther or Todd Runggren take your pick or Todd Tungan on channel 10 one or the other who is Todd Tungan?
Here's a mobile implantation hello Brian or cross hello
Hello, okay, I'm sorry. I just left Chris over the shell station. You're the one. I was 180. I was the fifth sale
Right, thank you. God bless you got to got my CD. He had a free t-shirt. I might be on button and it was painless
I bet huh? That's beautiful. Just walked right in hand my money and
Pick up some great. That's the way we like it. Just give us your money and take off
Hey, listen, you know, you get a problem with borders out here in the center as I just you didn't know
I was in there a couple days ago to look for some
For CD. Yeah, you know usually they have a nice little display up there somewhere and you can
Find the stuff walking there giving you money walk out. Yeah walking a couple days ago and
Nothing
No display. It's not behind the counter. Nope. I didn't look behind the counter. You said I didn't in the center aisle by the
No, I think they got a right behind the counter now so you can't miss it. You know if you're you know, I think
Well, I got somebody and she got a direct email. It was more should try and sell me a couple of coffee or something
Uh-huh
Well, they better get their accent because we're gonna be their standard eighty seven nineteen the week from Saturday
And they better be you know from noon to two and they better really be on top of it we hope
Yeah, otherwise we'll turn it down. Okay, there you go. Thanks for your help now
Okay, so there you go up to 180 bucks. That's pretty meager
We don't have a line out there at university and private. That's a real heavy business intersection there
That's a great spot to be right kitty corner from the power mall
Everybody's out shopping everybody's driving around stop over there for a couple minutes and come up with some cash for us. Okay for center one
I mean if he goes out there today and waste his time for less than 500 bucks
I'm gonna be pissed off Chris is gonna be pissed off. We're gonna be fired up and pissed off. Okay, so let's get with it
180 bucks. That sounds like nine people so far. That's not like a you know like I
It's like last night one of the one of the guys in the arena the ushers are very nice to me
They know who I am they asked me do we you know these pinnest people you might have to come and say hello again
Not a bit. I say no. They're all very nice fine no problem
So some one of them who was like one of the hot shots come down to me
Late in the first period. He says a lot of people have checks for you and we've told him your seat locations is that okay
I said sure great
So I expected when the first period ended and then maybe when the second period
I thought I have a line of a hundred people there
I thought we're gonna raise about five grand last night and again
I thank the people that did show up, but was it like a tremendous uh, no it was not
You know you saw how many checks I brought there like you know seven or eight including a two or three four hundred bucks a piece
So it wasn't like there was some gigantic groundswell, but you have to keep pushing and prodding and squeezing and begging and sooner or later
Maybe we'll get there
24 one at five sixty wq ever
I'm gonna score some pot
Oh
Police got my turn
Police got my turn
Police got my foot
I had quite a lot
Police got my
Police got my
Police got my foot
But that's all right with me
So it was great with that
I'd like
All right
There's no America
This is all I'm poking all of my
My
Police got my
Oh
Police got my
Police got my
Pass they can't just get it all I got
You've heard
Police got my
Police got my
Pass
Police got my
They put me in a parking lot
All right
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas
Are you sure?
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas
I want to smoke all of my
Police got my turn
446 is 560 so I give up Bob Lincoln's number try to be a nice guy and then comes to fight out somebody who was dying to go to
Amsterdam at the holiday time and take advantage of that 199 holiday special for Martin Air
They call that number and we call the number two and guess what we get a recording. We're sorry, but whatever the deal is
What's the story on that?
Trying to give you a little plug there Bob Lincoln gets you a little bit of business
But that number has been disconnected. It's out of what what does the recording say
It said your nitty-hut you suck
And the number call us number again
Okay, here's the toll free number for Martin Air
If you want to book direct with them and avoid Bob because I'm trying to help you out Bob
Don't hold it against me. I gave out a number that I don't know what the deal is
Martin Air toll free number is 1-800-627-8462
1-800-627-8462
You must book it by tomorrow by the way the deadline so thank god he facts me this today
You're going to go to Amsterdam for Miami Departee 724-5 or 6
And return to 730-31 in the first which is like a holiday week boy what a great way
Give yourself a holiday give 199 bucks round trip in coach of course
Okay, where we going let's go to a Hollywood. Hello
I'm Neil. Yes sir. I got a spot for you. Yes from Belgrade. Yeah. One day Zeus played that he said he's digging in a VIP for Christmas
Who? One day Zeus meet us
Juan, hey Zeus is meet this playtus. Oh, Flatus. Yeah, okay. Thank you get the name right okay nice try
We're up to 320 by the way. All right. We're up to 320. Let's hear it. Oh!
You're in the corner of University in Brought. I like I said I want 500 of Chris has to stay there till 3 in the morning
What do you laugh at about he's got nothing else to do if he stays there till this time tomorrow's a matter of fact we're going to get 500 bucks out of you cheap
Backsteads if it's a last goddamn thing we do in fact the more the merrier on our way to see we're gonna have to come up with creative ways
To goose up so we make sure we get that thousand bucks a day because we can't count just that those people down there in the growth
To go to borders and I mean what is that all about you know back in the beginning of this thing back October 1 I started looking at the individual
Stores to see you know candle was kicking ass plantation was kicking ass
But the grow of all places man
40 bucks
Two weeks ago and then last week
140 bucks one of the very low it I mean boyton and
Boyton and Boka well Boka we're doing pretty good boy we don't we understand how many lessons we got in Palm Beach County
Eight and Boyton Beach is an exactly like right in the heartland of where most of the action is okay
But coconut grove
Huh maybe jack Campbell's got everybody like a locked up in his house or something let's get going on there
Okay, and a grow that borders and get with the program you jackasses you silly clowns
I want to say queen silly clowns and you people from the other side of the tracks we know you got your money
We want some of it okay we want some right now in the money too
So 380 you said is that what you said so let me add them I'm keeping this thing right up to date like we do it huh 320
Oh 320 don't get carried away fat so okay sorry
79246 I mean that's right up to date this moment except of course what's in the stores and what's on the internet
So you know damn well we're over 80 you can start smelling it once we get to 90 then you can smell it real good you know what I'm saying
And then once we get to like about 90 little over 90 grand then you know that that's when we'll get the phone call from Naples
And the beastly people will say okay whatever you're short whatever you come up short from that 100 grand deal because we
What do you laugh about?
George is in there he's laughing so how do you just roll over on the floor he's like a grab it himself
Why do you find that so amusing don't you think that these people are gonna do that no if we come up like 5 6 grand sure wouldn't it be the beautiful thing of the beastly
Don't you remember that day several months ago when which one was it Bruce Beast I don't know they all look the same they all smell the same
You stood here in the doorway and drew the breaking stuck his head in the door shift my hand thanks for what you've done for WQM
And it was great ratings and you're just great and etc and even over here on 770 and 4 miles you're listening right now
For which I get paid nothing and well and believe me we're earning it
But I mean you know how come I didn't make or that thing you wanted me to do for a week or in forgetting
We'll do that tomorrow morning no we won't do it afterwards we'll do it tomorrow morning okay
Huh well Tony it's only the 10th of December we have time yeah I'll say happy holidays from all our all you've come
And Easter friends over something like that all you read next they love us over there and for my because it's their only contact with reality
And if you think this down is reality can you also believe the beastlies are gonna come up with that fill in that breach
They might fill in the breach but I don't have to breach your thinking about now we'll find some people
Well you bet you will find some high rollers out there and by the way by the way
Speaking of chief people that haven't donated a dime that keeps threatening to give me a donation to center one
I'm racking my brain I don't I don't want to well you know make any accusations
I'm trying to think if a certain person I know who's losing his hair and is out getting the news people in his bathroom every morning out there in Coral's bring
Or whatever they can huh
Has the rim man come up with a check yet no and in gergis laugh and harder now the one I mentioned the beastlies
Coming up with some cash no rim rimmer come up with any money yet for center one. Oh god almighty was oh my god
I'm not demanding a lot all I request is a check from him for center one any amount of the meal to the equivalent of the meals that I bought for
Rimmer and his wife over the last five and a half years now George is on the floor peeing on the floor he is actually peeing on the floor
The other room okay I mean what could that be more what four five grand how that give us a big goose I bet you that check will be here before you know it
Jeff Rimmer and what about the he's pop that huh I mean you know if he knows what's good for him it doesn't want me to rip him on here
Any more play that pop in strong that we play every now and then you think that he cough up with four five hundred big shooter like him hollow flavor
I don't get it how about somebody in the organization over there and you know something you can say whatever you want
Rimmer about the bea's are but the bea's are I remember when we did that thing at Pompo Park the bea's are the guy that did a lot for charity
Okay, in fact I think he helped us out when you with whatever we were doing yeah he don't you remember when you he donated a jersey he signed yes
That's right we got a lot of cash for that for a fundraiser from the bea's are how do you like that Rimmer you phony baloney you cheap skate
The bea's are you can knock him all you want and yes he did play a crappy game a couple of nights ago but at least for quite a lot he helped us out
How about the Panther organization how come we don't have like a whole bunch of Panther jerseys to auction off you know I'm saying stuff like that
For raised money for someone we're not the great I
Mean we we need some assistance okay we need some help as required I would say I need some help in these last 21 days that sounds exactly like three weeks right to the day to me to raise another 20 grand
And we're coming up with all kinds of creative and neat and useful and good ways to do it and we're squeezing it very slowly and gently we're squeezing it and the money too
Here's Kendall hello
Hello there yes sir how you doing great I want I want to go up for force for just one play all please can we do that I want to get this right because I can't believe what I read what is that and you know
Do you know the past election in the however republican got spamped yes let's take this out on the candidates
One superior court judge from North Carolina law to they have they get elected up there not by care right are you talking about the guy that came out of the closet he came out of the closet and not only did he
Profession is being born again yeah which they you know they slapped him for that when he came out of the closet after he lost
They said that he betrayed the party and they're in that he fired how do you fire somebody from the party right he's fired from the republican party but you know that there's
Very well but it's okay but the thing is these people acting North Carolina that was better but the thing is how can these people they say they're tolerance who they who says they're tolerant they do republican say they're tolerant now you don't
Understand intolerance is like the first word in their credo that's that's right up there on the top of the list not if you ask Rob are yeah oh yeah
Uh-huh okay that's it the first line new burala so K pal swing that swing that passport right in your left hand we have an open line in one place one
Open line in another place we got lines all over the goddamn place five six seven oh five sixty and pound five six
The other 18 T wireless line we got the award winning Hank Goldberg show at two o'clock we got the Boog Street Mr. Orange had at six we got any
Campland for all you real degenerate gamblers out there as we are closer and closer to this big football weekend oh my god
They're out there squeezing themselves and you know I don't understand why it is I don't want to mess with that morning show although somebody needs to I don't want to mess with that show
But why do they keep talking about Dave guy that jet span every day did little vlog this morning was saying he calls them every day
What she does and does the same stupid stuff and every day
Joe tells him about you know his brother-in-law is gonna beat him up and meet him by Shula statue and all this other crap
Remember when we first started hearing he had that that old fossil down there in Key West. What was his name?
And then he tried to call me that one day and I finally succeeded nice go and Neil oh god in a convincing them that he was a terminal boring color
Just like Dave the jet span okay tell Dave the jet span
And push up a little bit okay man that's Joe Rose
We have an open line in Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line twelve fifty six on your neurotic station five sixty
WQ am the Neil Roger show now on five sixty WQ am Miami Fort Lauderdale
Oh
Oh
You
Thursday from all your good pies on's over here at the neurotic radio
What wouldn't you rot about that big game Sunday are we neurotic about it? No
We got 200 open lines on the a phone that we're neurotic about. Yes, we are five six seven oh five six the pound five six
The other AT&T wireless line don't forget Chris read the nephews over there with a QM fan on corner university
Embroidered Boulevard in plantation right by the shell station there on the Northeast corner
Which you all know very very well right next to the plantation animal hospital or whatever that place is
Right across from the convenience through there on a corner where the plantation cops make the best coffee in town every night
And he's got the best in the LCDs and cassettes and t-shirts and dolphin t-shirts
Which we give a free a dolphin t-shirt to everybody that donates anything to us?
And we'll also take checks by the way for those people that just want to donate to send a one and not go over there and they'll hop up
Any of the other good stuff will be glad to take your money in any amount
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in Bokeh hello
Let's think of it
I'm listening
Someday I said I want to you couldn't sing it as well as Bob Lincoln. That's for them sure
Okay, one call left on the board. It's sure it's quite a no-minute that's if I was playing Elvis right there
Because I think we're gonna be having an Elvis concert in just a second or two
Let's take that last call and open up the door for the king. Here's North Miami. Hello
Yeah, sir. Are you doing that? I'm doing okay?
Listen everybody run out of gas here, baby
Starting right here. One other steam this probably should be fired up for Sunday because of jet turns
Okay, great like I said it ladies
You're gonna be applying for loan anytime soon maybe shopping for a car or going to the boss and asking for a raise
Whatever it is you want every advantage you can get. Don't you?
Well, of course you do so you need stuff you'll understand in a minute
You see as a woman it's not very difficult to get pretty much everything you want
You just need the right equipment enter stuff you see stuff is a brand-name
Pissued designed especially for you to stuff with unlike traditional tissues
Stuffed issues are both thick and soft and while they might do a great job on your nose
They do an even better job of conforming to your breasts
So why waste all that money the plastic surgeon when all you need is stuff because remember no matter what you want if you're as dumb as you look
You might as well stuff and don't forget stuff plus if you've got a flat ass
Okay, four minutes after one of you. I'm here's our last color day. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir
You aren't lying man. I just I just dialed the phone and got right in there. You're the only color I got man
You're it audience just they just died started at noon and it's getting progressively worse as we approach that two o'clock hour
They just ran out of material. It's incredible. It's incredible
But ask me if I'm used to it. I used to it
I listen every day and I'll tell you what I don't know how you do it. Yeah
I really don't know why but the boy that check is you are great incentive man
It is
You're the only call on the board. You're the only single one
We've got 82 million people out there listening right now
You're the only person that even cares to speak to me that's got anything is even if you don't have anything to say
You're the only one that cares enough to send you're very full of the blank whatever you got best worst anything in between
You're the only one doesn't that make you feel like special sir?
Yes, it does it makes my day stand out from the crowd
You're the only damn we have one other goofball on there from lie and ten and that's it these people just got no material
Nothing you know, I was that you got the president's on a verse
We got a we got a lynch mob up there washing and ready to impeach the guy then president where everybody wishes would stay there and
Well, you know we got an arena that we spent $200 million that's got more problems than Carter's got pills
These people don't give a crap about anything except getting a free truck
Yep exactly exactly
We got 50 million letters in the other room out there from people who took the effort to put a stamp on a envelope and
Mail it out 50 50 trillion letters from entries people want to want to guide them truck with the dolphin autographs on it
That's right. You saw that don't you call you?
That's right. They don't care enough to send their very anything. That's this car
That's the audience I've been burdened with for 23 years a bunch of dead heads
They listen that's great. I appreciate that big on nothing to say. I give you a lot of credit
Because you're definitely a strong man to put up that's right. I got a big paycheck to put up with it
Well, that's that that's what it is. I mean that's like I said that
What they all need that's the only
Meaning thing is that check every 15 days
Believe me. I'm not kidding you man. I'm not yanking your chain. That's the only thing that makes it worthwhile
Well, I don't know why I hear a lot of people that like you so
They love me. They just don't want to talk to me. Okay. You don't want to talk to me
I got a bad deal something. I don't know what it is
You gotta remember one thing
We're in South Florida and everybody is working really hard to stay above water
Yeah, they're working real hard. Yeah, especially at Eckhart. Don't K-Pale have a great holiday
And thanks thanks for being a one guy not a while on your all of a sudden because they don't want to feel left out
Here me time to go into a break. I mean first of all, we're just praying for December to end this praying
I am because I am promised I'm sure that when it comes to be January. We'll have no spots radio
And then we don't have to because basically now we got an impossible format on this radio station
Where every time to go to a break it's like going to a newscast
Don't start messing with our sales manager up there because she's got all the naked pictures
Okay, so don't mess with her with screw in we're up to 525 all right
God and what do we have before so that's an additional 205 I'm keeping a tally like we're doing a goddamn radio thong here 79,451
You know something we got 53 minutes left in the hour wouldn't be great if we got to actually I mean because I know we're over 80,000
Because this doesn't count the internet and whatever is in the stores and boarded this week
Because it's already Thursday, but I mean just on paper we could actually theoretically go over 80 grand today
We need another 549 bucks. Are you counting the other checks?
It's definitely yes. I'm counting the checks. I'm counting every single believe me mister. I'm counting I'm writing I'm squeezing
Air v nickel in time to try to get this thing up to 100 grand and I'm gonna do it. Okay. I am gonna do it
If it's the last goddamn thing that I do I am gonna do it
It's but the fact that we got a sales manager up there that's in this house at places this size of a broom closet and spider her
We'll still do it
Here's Lantana. Hello, please don't put down the king, buddy. I'll be down there soon. Thank you very much. No, okay. Thank you so much
There's a guy another guy with nothing to say two open lines in Broward 5 670 560
560 on the 18 to 1 put down the king. I'm playing the music today, baby. That's right
Like that one from Westland suspicious behind
Isn't that what it's called suspicious
That's something like that. That's why they got all the vice cops down here in Westland because there's too many suspicious
Okay, let's go to a candle. Hello. No, this is Rob and Kendall
I want to call wish you a happy Hanukkah well back to you Rob. Happy new year happy Mary happy Mary
Although I'm a good juice happy Hanukkah to the good one for me. Happy to you. No, okay
I'll tell you what I'm still laughing from that lab guy that called it says we're working too hard. Oh, yeah
That's he must know soft load like a rubber glove. Oh, man
We just enjoy sitting around listening to you ragging on all this exactly work as a dirty word in this town, man
We don't want to do it. That's how you well. I don't know maybe it's just me, but I'll be Elvis
You know, you have not right voice but no more than any other red neck that gets up there and yeah
I'm gonna have a red neck from a missy. I would agree with that
Exactly, that's we have a lot of people out here. It's a thing a hell a lot better name in but now I was watching a game last night
I was having a hard time you once we got that lead
I was just counting the man to look at the roommates that let's give him about 10 minutes before we get it tied again
Oh, that was brutal and that you're but you're right you could smell a coming you know
It was just a matter of time. You know there was a stench of something in that place
Yeah, thank God for Ray Whitney baby. There's a real guy for it. I thought I need like that. He's a sweetheart
I also want to sponsor to $20 for you from our store happy books down in Kendall and thank you so much and
It's a good cause and we should have best luck. Thanks a lot of me go and I know you get a lot more calls after me because you're a great guy
Yes, I am in japan here. Hey you two and enough of the sucking
Okay, there's a good guy from down in Kendall. I'm a little plug no problem with that
Boy after work really hard in this town anybody that says that I'm overpaid and I got news for it
I can actually spell my own name both my own names. That's quite an accomplishment when you have two names
You can spell them both how do you like that nice go on Neil?
10 minutes after one at five 16 WQM
There's been a major setback today for the NBA lockout player representatives. You throw out dual kingfish
Oh
You know, yeah, both
Oh, okay, it's a 115 at five 60 WQM and by the way if you play your cards right
I might even be realized this year and not tell your kids that you lied to him and there's no Santa Claus
This could be the first year and a hundred years what stop your ripping off my 20-minute sunset
I oh
Like I said, there is a Santa Claus and yes Virginia. There are a lot of dumb jacks out there
Okay, here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello
Mobile in Kendall
Going once
Going twice long gone where we're going now where we're gonna give it a shot. Let's give it a shot
Anywhere I guess here's a mobile in high-lea hello
Yeah, Neil maybe I never pressed that down. Yes, sir. I was down behind you guys just working in high-lea
I live in Palm Beach, but behind the home people they had a bunch of old Christmas trees and
They think I mean they were kind of raggedy looking not sounding it lost had a couple broken branches and stuff
But just so nobody else can grab them and use them like somebody doesn't have any money to pay like 80 bucks for a tree right a
spray paint them red
Like a red paint and just spray paint all the trees
Why why don't you get that?
Nobody else can use them
What about your assholes?
My family's exactly listen that great. Well, maybe they can take them to a
Castro and you know they can celebrate a red Christmas. I mean, you know
A bunch of common uses. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. We have an open line of Howard 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60
I never pressed that button down. I think I'm a mobile in Kendall. Are you there now? I'm here and I'm here now
The pay phone. Sorry about that. It's alright
I'm calling first of all. I want to thank you for tickets. You gave me tickets about two weeks ago for the dolphins
Oh great and
I know that usually you know, I'm out with you never here from people again very rarely you're a rare exception and God bless you
Thank you very much one one thing that I wanted to say was
Not many of us are
Fortunately enough to make it to all the sporting events in town right
We don't have the money or time or whatever and nobody's going any tickets right?
But usually usually when we are able to go both my wife make the best of it
Yeah, we've gone to a few panties games, and it's until the last person leaves the ice up really there you go
Basically it's your team enjoy it, you know
The last time one of the times that I went to a dolphin game this year
We were a friend of ours gave it they have a season tickets on the year 154
Right I mean great seats right there of one of the low roads and
This lady said in next to me with all this jewelry and I mean obviously she was loaded
She tried to me and said we've had season tickets here for I don't know how many years and I don't understand the game
Can you let me know when I should be excited?
Yeah
So tell us tell her when somebody grabs some of that jewelry and runs off
That's when she should start getting real anime. I can't believe when she told me that so when the other things go to touch on
I say go ahead get up the screen
And the whole mode is good. Yeah, that's the south low the sports fans for
It was horrible so once again things a lot and
Maybe another time. Okay, back to you. Okay, there's a guy who cares enough to send his very best
We do something nice for him. He does something nice for us. That's the way it go. One hand washes the other
I don't that's right. We have an open-eyed a day one and proud five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty
On the AT&T wireless line getting choked up on getting emotional. How are we doing over there in
University Draftland we don't know well. Maybe Chris is real busy now. That would be a good sign
Seriously if we had a whole bunch of people flock over there
We could raise another five hundred and sixty bucks before our two o'clock comes today and
Officially put us over the 80 grand total to put us way over
I'm sure whenever you nice thing if we could do that. Uh-huh. Are we gonna do it? No, hey listen
Keep a stiff upper lip baby. Keep a smile on your post be optimistic
I bet you're lined up from there all the way to God damn Oakland Park Boulevard
Here's Miami Lake. Hello. Yes, sir
Hello
What is it some asshole just an asshole
Just just a regular he's an asshole. Okay. We have an open-eyed a day one and proud five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless
One always like when George starts nodding his head so hard it looks like wind the blur and it starts spinning around like in circles and
And he picks up the phone and says
This going to do this to me. Yeah, and there's usually nobody on or anyway. Okay, let's go to a giraffe. Hello
Neil yes, sir
I'd like to come in on what you're saying about how nobody cares about what's going on in the government stuff like that
The gun
You're right, but I'd like to give you my reasons for not caring and that is that I just don't have the time
You know, I spend maybe 50 hours a week at work. I got two kids. I got a big couple of words to the wife
When do I have time to make a phone call to make a phone call to whom to maybe
Somebody in Congress like your representative what I would really like is the government that's totally boring
That's that that isn't worthy of 24 hours a coverage
Holding hearings about every goddamn thing that but that's the point
We have a crisis now because the rest of the country is asleep and in a coma
And they're busy trying to get their furbies out there for little pain in the ass kids and the main time
We got a bunch of right wing lunatics up there who've turned themselves into a massive lynch mob and they're on the verge of
Doing something that nobody wants to see happen and everybody is a busy doing other crap
You know this country is a disgrace. Yes, there's a cancer on the world, right?
It's if the rest of the world was smart
They would build an enormous wall around this country. No, no, you're already done it
It's called the Atlantic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean. It's already happened nature to them
It's not good enough because the Americanic gets out to the rest of the world
Yeah, I like my fondles and pizza. You're right good. Good. Okay. Well, I'll see you on wherever you're
Okay, we have an open line of day one at Brad five six east out come on east to come and east to come and east
That's right on you old Julio's out there
That's not like a communist I traced that number and they find out what's going on with this guy, okay?
Sounds too subversive for this down
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
I bet you they're just slinging money at Chris right now. They're slinging cash. They're slinging whatever they got
That's right
Probably have to towel himself off when he leaves that joint
Here's a mobile in Daniel. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, listen, I got to tell you this story
I took my 10-year-old daughter to her first hockey game against
Carolina last week Saturday. Yeah, yeah, so you know what she spent the game doing
I bought her a program and she spent the game trying to decide which pantas were the cutest. Yeah, besides Ray Whitney
Yeah, well, you want to hear what would you guess?
She's treating the three cutest guys were I mean, I know the only two that I would say are good looking guys
Is a Ray Whitney and Billy Lindsey, but other than that she liked old Needamire. Yeah, Robbie's okay
He's got a got a schnauz problem. Yeah, but she liked the three of them and she had the crowd all around her
Green I was I was right about Ray Whitney and Bill and Z
Yeah, absolutely. Well your daughter's got impeccable taste
She does and I love and tell her that Robbie is much too busy anyway
Robbie's way too busy with that boy with Nikki. Yeah, yeah, one more thing
Yeah, I think we should do a Needamire for Needamire trade. No, there you go
I'm all for that the good Needamire against the evil Needamire right? That's right
Okay, I'll see you yeah
But don't be making a big star to the answer. Of course they don't understand the go Robbie scored last night
With thanks to that brilliant pass by Ray Whitney. I mean, I could have scored that nice going there Ray
And by the way, keep in mind our coach don't like him as a player. I mean, what is that all about?
Maybe we could chip in and get the BM and TM boys the Murray boys like a twin lobotomy for the holidays
That would sounds good to me. Uh-huh. They could use it
You don't know which side your butter is breaded on Terry. I'll tell you that right now Ray Whitney is God make no mistake about that
Even if he didn't look good, which he does
Here's a pember pine. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. How you doing?
Great. Uh, everybody better sir. Great. Hey Terry Carclerc is still
How'd you like that give away last night in the old fantasy?
I think I need to stick them on his car. Oh, he's brutal
And I was I was screaming him on a giveaway and then of course you know the guys all alone
It's like one on one with Burke and it's in the that
I don't know who scored that hot was that his first goal? What a slap shot?
Yeah, that was great. No, he was no chance. He when he looked up
It was already two feet behind great shot. Um Scott Melon be that
Tittle me it was like two if he could have waited like five minutes. Yeah
Well, it took you took a goal away from little Ray Whitney there Scott
We're pretty upset about that. Okay. We like you Scott
But you took a goal away from our hero exactly I was down at that end and he was going after pitlick
Yeah, it was nowhere near the plane like that. That was just a stupid fact
Scott spent too much time in a box there last night
I got another one too later on in the
Yeah, I don't know
They won the game now and let all the other stuff go ahead
John Robert here at douche bag and don't forget special ed too. Thank you. Okay, and have a great day
Yeah, special ed cough went up real good last night and then of course Gordon Murphy
Who was it they went around him was right at Bunk went around him like he was like a statue there nice going air
Gordy howdy duty. He's okay. We have an open-line at Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T
A wireless line. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, what's happening man? Same old listen
I don't know my co-workers told me that you guys are doing a driver picking up
Stuff where I can get the CD and you know, they're giving away stuff and plantations somewhere. They're giving it away
No, well, that's what I'm there, but I'm not
I've been in the way with the nation. Yeah, well, I'm interested in getting the CD
That's what I'm interested right corner university in the Broward. What is that right now? Oh, it's going on right now
What's your where are you right now? No, man. I'm in North Miami. I am really far away
Well, I don't know why don't you go to other borders over there by Evan Trua. Oh, they got it there too. Yes, they do how far
Are you in your years like 93 94?
No, they just got the new ones which believe me. You don't want the old ones you want the new stuff the new spells? Yes, sir
Try me. Oh, yeah, I just like to say great show. I just like to say great show. I listen to you every day
And I just wish you have more people to call in with something really worth listening to because I'm this town is dead
But you got to understand where we are. Okay, pal. Have a good. I got my boots back. Yes, sir
Mike ultimate textiles your douchebag. Okay, see you
What did you say we're gonna do Kendall tomorrow? We're gonna be doing this every day
And all right, we're gonna be doing this every day right through nice. Thank you Chris and thank you Sam the sham
See I told you we'd put these guys up a little bit in spite of those two Nazis upstairs
No, seriously these guys have good intentions. They just need a little
Specially Sam a little prod. That's all a little kick and he asked
Well, threat every now and then wouldn't hurt. Oh, seriously, they're great
They're gonna help put us over the top and get us to Sam's goal of $10 million
As nobody said 25 million something like that
Every day tomorrow, they'll be in Kendall so that guy that called a minute ago was if this last guy
I don't know I can't keep track because we're so inundated with two or three calls, but
You'll be done or a candle with our best of stuff
Tomorrow
So we're just gonna we're just gonna go nuts. We're gonna raise so much money this next three weeks
That it's gonna make your eyes pop because I know a lot of people out there said oh you'll never get to that 100 grand
You'll know chatty. I write you watch me. Okay?
Ha you watch
Well, I'm gagging on it. I think Nick put something special and that's still you today something really good
126 and 560 WQ I am
It's down on your hand to me and lick my boots
Oh
Miss the toilet last night
Oh
Over the floor
Okay, wipe it up with my wash
Don't wash my face much anymore
When two is in the sink
Work for it. Pissed all over the floor
My did up with my toothbrush
Bride
Don't brush my teeth much also
My god 131 and 560 WQM just to half our way from the award winning Hank Goldberg show it and boogs to it
Six that caplet at 10 and we just keep pouring out the stuff over and over again because you got to make a living
Well, Frank soon after dive. What was it back in February?
He bit the big one so can Joe to measure be far behind no
I mean, I don't want to burst your bubble
I know that there are a lot of people very very distraught about this including Morris angle burger
We keep reading his comments every day in the newspaper and hearing them on the newscast at night like this is something tremendously important
I think that's a good pull question. We usually try to have a pull question for you every day
That's our pull question today. Who is the greater icon? Who is the greater hero in American history?
Elvis Presley or Joe to Maggio see and I shouldn't have said was because a mix of sound like the measures already dead. He's close
Who was the greater you know that an excellent question?
Elvis Presley Elvis or Joe to Maggio. No, huh? What do you think?
You didn't like either one of them, but you don't know you don't hate Elvis do
Just like his music to you
Some of you was the adequate. Yeah, I'm and look
I'm not saying that he was what these other people make him out to me
These people who have no lives and he got their eldest blow up dolls and keep slumping a graysland because they're tired of the song rants or whatever
but
He was pretty good. He had a stick. He was a perfect. Exactly. He had his stick Colonel Parker made his stick
He invented a stick everybody's got to have a stick and he created a stick and Elvis did it very very well
And he developed a tremendous following and he swiveled his hips and he looked pretty and good until he got fat and bloated and
Distended etc
Here's the South Miami. Hello
Hello Neil. Good afternoon. Yes, sir. You asked that question last night out of 10 30
I said Ray Whitney. Thank you. Ray Whitney. Yes, sir. Did he come through or not?
He's the greatest baby. What a good one. What a breakaway
Great pass by Spayla, but Ray had a stick it in there. Maybe in the
Exactly what he did or he knows how to stick it in there
Neil, I just wanted to all the years I've watched hockey. I have never heard or seen or a game where a four power plays on a
Golf on a major panel. I can recall we were talking about this life that the only one we recall was St. Louis and the kings and the playoffs last year
When the kings had a big lead in the game and the same thing happened
Well, I heard and I know it's years ago, but it was either Toronto or Montreal playing the Bruins in Dan Kelly
Who was a good announcer? I heard I heard three goals
I was watching that the ESPN was just starting, but that's what I remember
I just wanted to tell you that I split season tickets. I've been a season ticket holder six years and will be at the Calgary game
We're gonna bring a couple of toys like those ads that you've been running, you know for the children
But we thought we've been listening to everyone else and we haven't been a part
We're gonna bring you a check for center one because as good as the toy drive is you know center one is you know
They're all around and I guess it's a good cause so
We're gonna we'll bring you a check and bring it up to your seat
Okay, we feel that's the right thing to do. Thanks a lot. So good luck tomorrow. Okay. Thanks very much
Okay, we have an open up good luck tomorrow. What is tomorrow? What do you mean by that? I look tomorrow? Huh?
Okay, we have no he's a good guy's gonna bring some cash by we have an open line and date five six seven oh five fifty
How we do out there we heard from Chris?
He must be busy man. He must be real busy. I'm telling you he must be why you smile. Why do you do that?
You have you have little less faith than he's got
Always the same thing when we do these deals you start out real slow because people aren't all
All of our audience unfortunately is not there on the corner of university drive and borrowed full of art in plantation
I would say a big percentage of our audience is pretty close
They're in plantation. They're in the acres. They're in Western. They're in sunrise
Ah-ha. They're in now, you know and we got like 20 or 30 people in date and
We'll find out tomorrow in Kendall
See this is a good test in Kendall because you won't have to be intimidated by seeing me in Kendall like we were at borders down there
And you can go see Chris Reed who's a good all-American guy
All those who do those that are terrified of me scared to death
Here's sunrise. Hello. Hey, deal. Yes, sir. I was at welcome my golden retriever last night and I caught a little bit of the game on the radio
Right and the second period Chris Morris is all the clouds really fired up now. They're doing the wave. Oh
No, when I heard you say something about the wave today
I get to just hit me that proves what I've already said about that more on he really is they didn't even do that in the arena
No, I am here in the first two years
They did back at the beginning when nobody understood what the game was all about and back when the wave was still like almost
Acceptable that they were doing it a little bit and then we embarrassed them out of doing it and now they're regressing
They're taking gigantic steps backwards right maybe with the ambiance with the clock out and the all the other things that were going on
Maybe that's what the truth and back in time. I'm a guy who found something good about the saw grass
Yeah, I can park my car there during the games and be bald be out of the ten bucks. Oh, no, they're not because somebody said they were towing cars away
They they stand out there and they kind of look like you know they're driving but you can still get away with it now
Now what time does the saw grass close?
10
10
They figure for employees to file out and why I see what you're saying
Maybe we'll be later during but I've been doing every game so far if I tar I think that's a great idea
Yep, and I one other thing. I don't know if you mentioned about Ben codes
Did you mention that did I mention what about this he was in court yesterday about
He went from the ball more the
Yeah, but he beat up his wife for her girlfriend right and our wives in court
They found out that his mother passed away. That was in the paper this morning. No, I didn't hear that
Yeah, I thought that might have fit in with that bit a little bit
Something for him away from the ball more the
He shouldn't have been beaten up the lady. Yeah, I think that's a good thing. And in closing
Have you ever seen Rodney danger field and Rick Generett together? Good point. All right. Okay, see and would you more rent?
We're up to 35. Oh my god. We're gonna do it at Chris has a goal of a thousand before two o'clock
No, no way. We're up to 835. Yeah, oh, that's the total see now now I'm confused. What do we have before what's the last number you gave?
I don't know. Well, that's no good. Let's see one eighty three twenty we had five twenty five
And now what is it? What is it eight what a 35 35? So we've got another three hundred and ten bucks
Well, we could do this baby one six seven seventy nine seven sixty one. He's got a goal of what?
No, I'll tell you exactly what we need another two hundred and thirty nine dollars in the next twenty three minutes out there
So 240 that's 12. That's just 12 people
Or six people if they bought you know the best of both parts or whatever they get
Why wouldn't people buy both
Well, he's sure a lady that came to the restaurant which one should I maybe she didn't
Not a bad ass for it. Not everybody has 40 bucks. You know, we're not all big shots like you are okay
That has somebody paying for our whole life
Not not everybody's a big shot a big, you know, or a spender that's getting paid for a show that we're not even doing anymore
I mean, you know not everybody's in that category
But that would be great. We're two hundred and forty one. That should be like falling off a log between now twenty two minutes
I guarantee you we're gonna do it. Come on all our friends up there in plantation in sunrise all you old
Farts and sunrise pulling in that shell station, okay?
And that's that's a good station too by the way
Yeah, I used to get gas there years ago when I was doing business with Shell
Why did I stop doing business with Shell to be honest with you? I don't know
What kind of gas do you get Neil none of your business mostly mobile?
Why do you go to mobile? Well because they have a lot of fish food
21 before two at five six. What do you mind if an about they got lots of that's a great
Place for fish food
Mobile station you're on flamingo right by five ninety five always got fish food fish sticks
That's what we care about
Water regast they might have we want in fact to be enough fish food you'll have water regast
21 before or water we supplement 21 till two at five sixty WQM
While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death the one thing you have to defend on is your car
With you can use that on the rise the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Karolarm now bring you and old Jewish guy
Main dices get away from my quarter of the hell you big
M. M
Remember when we used to post the packet carabee and we ought to get a bundle of fish
White water cooler get away from my quarter of the hell you
M. M. M.
What the hell is that? I object serious
For fatty like that
I think some of us got it
And away from my quarter of the hell you big M. M. F.
And away from my quarter of the hell you big M. M. F.
Whenever some fast tries to steer my car I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Eisen
Get away from my quarter of the hell you big M. F.
Get your old Jewish guy named Eisen Karolarm now and receive a free flower antenna
Get away get away get away from my quarter of the hell you big M. F.
And old Jewish guy named Eisen Karolarm now available at all their stories
145 at 560 WQM by popular demand it's a class of a comeback at WTMI
Idiotic collector the editor from most is named Howard Woody Tanger Howard with the Woody
That he wrote to about the community has to rally around about a beat but a bop
And it was unfortunate letters to the editor and how they stayed up overnight
I was talking to Scott Schwartz in our sales department who used to of course be sales manager at WTMI
Your pseudo intellectual classical music station
Talked to Scott at the hockey game last night
And I asked him about Woody Tanger when he said he's an asshole
Is what he said
That's what he said he said he's an absolute total
He's an asshole what Scott said he was smiling and laughing and puking as he said it
And I thought to myself yeah, you know I read his letter and I would tend to agree that he's an asshole
Here's a mobile in candle hello
See Neil how you doing great with that game last night we really have to think far loss
We're thinking one in a T for five minutes there and you know the you know that
Mac amickman goo he was out of he calls a major two four-minute penalties
He was out of control when we thank him for a few
Right the only thing is we should have sent Vinnie Prossow back to face loss
Where it's totally static you got him out of the game
No, no, it's keeping him out of there
They got a lot of talent on that team sir. I hate to break the news to us, but they got a lot of talent on that team
All right, talk you later. Okay, sir
Alex the yashin for crying out loud and uh, who else did they got they got Daniel Alfredson
And who might even out?
Who am I even out? Well, you I'm asking George and he's looking to give me that glazed look
Know what dackel Andreas dackel that's right. They got a lot of talent on that team one of the best young
Defendment Wade redden number six one of the best defenseman league he will be and already is
Counted team, but we caught him a little bit all you know off guard there in the first period and thank god
Thank god for ray witty. That's all I can say
I told you I told you about stew barn
Marty straka
Told you about the ray witty
Oh
And we got the tm and the bm boys that we have to keep fighting okay to try to try to hang in there a little bit
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
I can't wait when that phone rings you get that call from Chris to tell you that we're over the uh, we have because all we need is another
200 and what I say 40 bucks
Which is 12 12 times 20 last time I check is 240
That would officially put us over 80 grand. I mean unofficially. I'm sure that we got quite a bit more than that
But officially I wanted in hand in my hand right now in the money too
I want to squeeze it here's tempered pine. Hello
Anya hi dad great. I want to say first of your poll question which uh
Elvis Presley or Dimadrian thank god we got one person that responds to a very important poll
I don't know it's kind of close one fleets lose mother one guy to sleep with maro and roe right
So uh, uh, Marilyn looked a lot better than glad us. I'll tell you that yeah, well I think yeah, I guess I go with Elvis
All right, there you go
Where's he at now?
Where's who had Elvis in the box the curl oh, oh the kernel isn't the kernel dead?
I guess I'm pretty I have to know about those guys that I keep convincing myself
He died and then every time I sit down here is that oh no, he's still alive. I'm pretty sure the kernel croaked
Yeah, um, but uh, no, but uh, yeah, I think he just too um
But uh, okay, I'm I'm sure I think he sleeps with the fishes. Okay, so yeah, maybe he sleeps with the maybe he sleeps with kernel
What's his name kernel uh what's his name click no no kernel from Kentucky fried and there's kernel standards
See how quickly they forget we're at 995 oh my god, maybe five no wait, we're 995 what no that way, that's the total
It's so so that's another 160 see that's what I'm doing it. Oh my god 12 now
We need another 79 dollars. That's four pieces four twenty dollar bills in the next 11 and a half minutes
Can we do it? No, we can do it
Even the guy his bike came by got came by in his bike some slipper on a bike. Thank you guy are slipper on your bike
Thank you very much
Here's a fax by the way that says kudos to Hank the other day he ripped Morris. This is Morris angle birdie stalker
Engelberg how a humpardink
Morris angleberg another ass for keeping Joe to manage you from the public for many years
But now it can't keep himself or do out of the media
It says you should see all the memorabilia that Morris has in his home under lock-in key with alarm security
It's like a buzzard the hovering there you go Morris angle birdie's got all that show the memorabilia and belia and all of a sudden
He's opening every time you turn around
Worst underneath pantheon can't shut up permitted
Let the poor guy die in peace already will you maris?
What what can you say about maris? He's an asshole. Here's a mobile in tempered pines. Hello. Hey, no, I do buddy great
Good did they tell you anything come tell you who started this to the wave?
No, oh, yeah, the pan the somebody said the
Yeah, the per game yeah, the teacher's control
Yeah, they were out they were not the lower bowl one four keme where we were sitting
That's something those guys are another impediment
You would think that since we left the Miami arena which is kind of like you know stepping stone to the big time
And now we got this big allegedly a professional place that we could outgrow that garbage
Yeah, let's like outgoing a training bra. You know, we're like a little tricycle
You know sometimes you get your tire reasons. It's sometimes hard to tell what you're sick and what's not right
But let me tell you that was the first time I was there last night
I apologize personally apologized to you for the busling so seriously was a busling presentation
But then light I mean even from the lower bowl that thing is
Tiny it's a roll right and I can't see it for more. I said you when it goes down on it
It always looks the same because you can't see it
Whatever happened to those fire engine things you know those
The other day I'll say it again. I'm glad you mentioned that because did you see the thing?
Did you see the spot that they show where Rimmer and pop that are sitting there and talking about the panthers?
They're gonna they're promoting the games right and you're saying oh, they're gonna score a lot more goals this year
And we're says well, why you think that and pop that says oh, well, you see the goal judge and every time they shoot anything
That a stick a he's he's punched in a button and they show like a big real goal red goal light
You know that's flashing around like you do a real hockey arena now to Macarena so they show it up there
But when you look down at our place, we got like a little tiny light bulb that nobody can see
Why don't you just steal one of one of the sunrise fire department?
And there you go excellent point
I'm gonna walk out of it over the weekend. All right. Thanks. Good idea
You know if Wayne can afford it if the city of sunrise can't afford it if the bm boy see if I were them
If I'm in the organization
I would care enough about the fans at least to try to get them you know because they got enough other problems
Believe me. It's gonna be real real. I mean desperate for this thing to make the playoffs
I think the chances are slim, but nevertheless we're hoping for the best
So you got yeah, you know, you got to do a little public relations, which I know is a bad word anything to do with Wayne PR
You leave off the ICK
But you know and be concerned about those things and you see here all these people including me
Saying hey guess what this is bullcrap. This is bushly. They should be in there today taking care of that
In time for the Calgary game on Saturday
Same for crying out loud when 10,000 the people can't see the damn go lighter the green light go on when the period ends
Then there's something wrong there. We want to make a little better presentation than that
What's so far have I seen any evidence that anybody over there cares? No, no
And that's that's what bothers me. I mean everybody can make mistakes crap happens, you know
Hope and they just have the editor like well, we don't can just bring us your money bring us your money
bastard
152 or 560 wq m
