Sport Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
Oh!
We've talked to Neil called 560-0560 toll free for date and rarer,
or pound 560 on your cell phone.
Oh right!
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers, or anyone else on the show
do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions
or the Beasley Broadcast Group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 560 QAM.
It's Friday, you first, dude.
Hi, this is Marie Fovitch, wishing you a happy Hanukkah.
Okay, it's 10 a 1.
We'll have to even it up.
Don't worry, every time we play a go-ish, you have Christmas
thing we've got to do a Jewish thing going on.
Oh!
10 a 1 at 560 WQAM, your holiday station for whatever this is.
Are we the holiday station?
No.
There we are, every day's a goddamn holiday.
Here it's a picnic.
So anyway, man, I'll tell ya.
This sun's sentinel is just the best.
You guys are the biggest assholes on the face of the earth.
I don't know where to start with this thing.
So let me just put it off to the settlement
before I get hyperventilating and to work up about that thing.
With those gambling ships, oh my God, the evil slot machines were destroyed.
Oh, man.
Make almost think about that.
Seriously, I think we ought to take up a fund.
Once we get our set of one thing done, then we'll take up another collection
and use that money for psychiatric health for the editorial board at this
come sentinel.
And of course, if they hurled, but they're beyond hope.
Man, they got a line in their editorial today.
And then in their own newspaper, they've got a story that totally debunks
everything they write on the editorial page.
But they must be pretty smart.
They must not read their own newspaper.
Maybe they're reading the New York Times.
There's something like a real paper.
Because it's just amazing to me.
Okay, our set of one total, getting to that.
I don't know what we have.
Because we still have three stores, Kendall, Aventura, and Coconut Grove
that have reported in from borders from last week.
Oh, and by the way, speaking of cinema,
thanks to our good close personal friend Scott and Laura Schwartz.
Oh, Scott Schwartz, who I am embarrassed to say now works in our sales department.
How do you like that?
What a come down?
This guy used to be the, we'll see the sales manager or the general manager at TMI.
Sales manager.
It was the salesman.
First of all, he used to be on GTR.
Anybody remember GTR?
No.
Sure you do.
GTR.
Who are the abosos in the morning on GTR?
Herman and McQueen.
There you go.
Anybody seen them lately?
No.
Oh, that's why they turned into Rick and Sud.
Anyway, Herman and McQueen, they were like, they're real big in the market
for about five minutes on GTR.
That was the big, I'm ain't gigantic.
And then all of a sudden it became the coast.
So Scott Schwartz kind of vanished out of there.
And he wanted to be in the sales manager for the classical music station, WTMI, for the
snooty station.
I mean, love 94, that's snooty enough.
But TMI, that's the real snooty station for people who are high brows, much, much more intellectual
than all the rest of us.
They listened to Beethoven and Brahms and Bach and the crap like that.
And Mozart and all those other faggot.
So at any rate, then evidently he had a party in the ways with TMI and of course Scott is a
big hockey fan.
And Scott's wife Laura used to be our continuity person at the IOD.
Anybody remember Laura?
In fact, did we ought to play that thing on her hood today?
Yeah.
Earl strikes his conversion.
Which I was thinking about that yesterday.
Laura was a Goy.
I mean, she's been married to Scott so long now and had so many babies.
By the way, see, that's the Goy-A-Sh element there.
Jews don't have that many babies, okay?
Who?
Well, they do have only two.
As far as I know.
Seems for a while there that, every time I'd see Laura at the hockey game, she was perpetually pregnant.
Wasn't she?
But I saw them in the last game and she looks great.
She looks better than ever.
Nice going, Laura.
So at any rate, they were, she was our continuity person at the other station.
W-I-O-D.
Oh, I hate that stage.
Yeah, we, us two.
And now Scott brings me a nice fact check for Sennhe-One this morning.
He's only been working here for like a couple of days.
And already, he's comes up with a nice fact check.
So I don't want to say that anybody else in our sales department might to help us out with the check.
Have we seen the check from anybody else in sales so far?
No.
How about the sales manager?
No, no, no.
Okay.
So our center one total is over 72 grand and we got our, uh, two only two big fundraisers left tomorrow at Shells in Pember of Pines right in front of the Pember of Lake Small on Plains Boulevard.
That's five to seven p.m. before the hockey game.
Come on out, bring lots of cash, pick up your best in the old T-shirts and CDs and cassettes and help us out.
I want to get to 100 grand where I'm going to be bitterly disappointed.
And as told that to George this morning, he said, uh, no, no chance.
Well, that's what you said.
You said it doesn't look really good.
It's not too bad.
I just grabbed my cut and belly left for about five minutes.
Yeah.
And then our final appearance will be at Borders and Plantation on Saturday, December 19, which is two weeks from tomorrow from noon to two Borders and Plantation where there's one of those clerks behind account of H.M.
Like poison.
Do I care about that?
No, of course not.
We'll still be there.
We'll still raise a lot of money and maybe that'll put us over the top.
I don't know.
Well, it's supposed to be now the holidays.
It's Christmas.
It's Hanukkah.
And that guy that called a couple of days ago, he's right.
We ought to be able to raise a hundred grand for anything with like fallen off a log.
If we really have anybody listening to the show and we must have a lot of people listening to the show and the reason I know that is no matter where I go.
Like yesterday I went into strange territory.
I ran it.
Did it pay off?
No.
It did not.
Looking for my goddamn Tyson season beef strips.
I'm going to tell you I am so pissed off at myself for opening up a mouth.
And you're right.
You warned me.
You said, all you're going to have to do is talk about this on here.
I was so excited about these.
I even brought the box in.
I got it in my hand right now in a box too.
Tyson season beef strips.
Because people on the Atkins diet, I mean, man, you're just dying.
You're just searching for something that you can eat.
You walk into your super-rock and you go up and down the aisles and you'll check the labels on the back and everything is a carbohydrate feast.
So if you're fat and or diabetic, which usually go hand in gland, I mean together.
And you're looking for something low in carbs that really has some taste.
And you finally discover something.
And can I find it?
No.
I go into Albertsons yesterday.
And low and behold, the young man who's the cashier there at Albertsons who cashes me out.
He comes waddling over to me and shakes my hand.
He's the guy to call yesterday.
I was talking about his teacher at whatever school is a big fan of mine and do I know him.
And I said, no.
But I'm real grateful for that.
He, how do you like that?
What are the odds in that?
I've lived out in the West Broward for like about 10 years now.
That's the second or third time I've ever gone to the next store.
And here's the young guy who called here yesterday.
And then there's like a dark-complicated guy in there.
Hey, did you find this stuff?
You were looking for him?
Everybody in there, brother, listen to this show.
But we can't raise 100 grand for charity.
That's over three months period.
If we were trying to do it in the week, I'd say, well, you know, it's an impossible task.
Best and the LCD's volumes one and two, the best ever in the history over the many years that we put those up.
They're sitting in borders for you waiting right now.
Or if you're too lazy to go to a borders which they're eight of Mollover God damn, they'd row it in Palm Beach.
If you're too lazy for that, you can sit there in order right off our website, neorodgers.com.
You can order it right there on the internet.
Or you can pick up your instrument, your phone and call center one, book 954, 563-3600.
In order to run on the phone, they'll whip it out to you.
You'll have it in no time because these are supposed to be the holidays and supposedly,
Hi, this is Mari, for which wishing you a happy Hanukkah.
Everybody's buying gifts and they're cutting loose with a cash and the market's up 100 points.
They're 80 points now.
But at any rate, you know, making a little bit of a comeback.
So to make a long story short, I'm in Albertsons yesterday looking for my Tyson season beef.
I'm going to tell you what a crappy store that is, by the way.
I shouldn't have said that.
That kid will get all bent out of shape.
He works there.
I don't care.
It's a crappy store.
It's a clean store.
It's not a dirty store like some of those other ones used to be that are no longer in business.
No, it's clean and it's big and the store too.
But they don't even have the Tyson chicken strips.
Now maybe they did.
Maybe my opening up a mouth has put a big one on those.
But they definitely didn't have anything even remotely like the season beef strips I was looking for.
And I walked out of there with a sour look on my purse like, ah crap.
Not that it's that far out of the way.
It's up there Oakland and Nophill.
But I mean, it's, you know, not a place I would ordinarily go.
Then making matters even worse.
I mean much, much, much, much, much worse than that.
Come to fight out.
I come in this morning.
And remember the guy that called in yesterday toward the right at the end of the show.
I picked him up cold.
Looks like he's going to leave me cold.
The guy that works for Costco and promised at two o'clock today was going to bring me in some of this stuff.
Well, calls George.
He called in this morning.
Was it?
He called George this morning and said, oh bad news.
Bad news.
We don't have that stuff.
But I got something else that I think you'll like just as much.
No, no.
Oh.
Kyle, I don't want just any old meat.
Okay.
I don't want your old meat.
I want my Tyson.
Yeah.
I mean, there's a lot of old meat out there.
Believe me.
Just open a window and look outside.
There's loads of old.
Oh, launching meat.
I want my Tyson season beef strips.
There's a lot of stuff.
I'm going to be driving the Miami Lakes.
I'm not going to be driving to, uh, what was the Del Rey beach?
Poppin'o Beach.
Fort Myers.
Fort Myers.
Naples.
Ella Quippa.
Ischbaming Michigan.
Oh, it's a good time though.
I'll tell ya that.
Come on, it's after two.
10-560 WQM, your beat.
Where's my meat?
But critics agree, this collection of holiday songs
may very well be the most moving and memorable of all time.
I'm doing me another white quiz man.
Just walk away, I used to know.
Yes, and the wax music presents
Elmer Fuzz, Christmas classics, and this 24-record set
is truly incredible.
Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way.
Oh, what fun is to hide in a one horse open swear.
Oh, what fun you'll have, hearing these timeless classics
performed by America's most beloved hunter of rabbits.
Move on the way nose-way dear, have a very signing nose.
And if you ever saw it, you would even say it quote.
Elmer Fuzz, Christmas classics, not available in stores.
And when you receive your set in the mail, you'll know why.
Hello, everybody.
I sure hope you like my Christmas classics.
So call toll three, one, 800, but Apple Waders are standing by.
Santa Claus is coming to town.
1015 to 560 WQM, what did I play happy birthday you asked?
Because Sunday, evidently, is not only George's birthday,
but I think Fat Rich's guy is birthday on the same day
as yours, I'm pretty sure, because every year I forget.
Well, no, I just, I'm just not good at remembering thing.
I do remember my mother's birthday, a couple of others,
and that's it.
That's enough.
So a happy birthday to George and Fat Rich and Tracy and Ely
and Rodney Baltimore.
And do they hire him back, by the way?
I don't know.
Maybe he'll call over there in 105.
Did they get that all straightened up?
Because otherwise they're going to be getting sued and stuff like that.
So anyway, let's get to the important meat of the matter.
Well, we already did get to the important meat.
Let me just take this quick call.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Hello.
I'm Clanel.
Yes, sir.
I solved your problem.
Yes?
Nob Hill and Clary, you wouldn't be seeing as much as you want.
Nob Hill and Clary.
Yeah, you know we're a part of that.
I don't do.
I sure do.
The place where you can get in, but you can't get out that parking lot, right?
It's not the best design parking lot.
You know, I bought a packed yesterday.
You were OK.
It's spicy and kind of, you know.
And it's moist.
It's not dry.
It was OK.
Well, I'm not suggesting this is like a ribiot root crisp.
I'm not suggesting that, but at least for novelty, it's something edible.
You know, you were talking about the virtually no carbs.
You were talking yesterday about the airplane flying, and I was cracking up.
I was flying back from Toronto some day night, and that was exactly the same thing happened.
The servant, the servant of meal, the guy in front of me puts his seat back,
the things in my stomach with the food.
Right.
I hate that.
I mean, it's the last of these, you know, two and a half hour flight you can't say what the seat up to.
Well, now, was this on air Canada?
Um, American.
Oh, and American.
Well, at least the food is good on American anyway.
A little pasta, a little cheese.
It wasn't good.
It wasn't good.
Yeah, it was on the food.
It was all right.
OK, well, you're going to be good at these trips.
OK, thanks.
Cheers.
I'm serious.
Americans got damn good food as your line food goes.
I mean, everything is relative.
I'm not suggesting these beef strips are like fish food.
I mean, don't get me wrong.
Don't go calling me on Monday.
It's always scoured the whole time and went out and got something.
What's a big deal?
The big deal is that there's like got almost no carbs in it, and it's not dry,
and it's not bland.
It's got some taste to it, and it's something different.
And it's something that you split the little bag open.
You pop it the microwave for three or four minutes, and then if you want to like add
something into it like cheese or vegetable, whatever, and then you put that input in for another minute,
and you got to, you know, something, and you can, a great part about this is there's nine ounces,
so it's like a little over half a pound in the box.
So like you can, you could, I could bring it in here, pop it into microwave,
and just eat it as a snack through the day.
It's not like something you have to sit down and eat as a meal.
It's something to pop in your post-apacify you with no carbs.
See, this is where Atkins blew it.
I've been saying this for years.
The Atkins diet, as many of you know, is sensational.
It works.
And if you're diabetic, it's like a lifesaver.
The only problem is number one, it's boring.
And number two, you know, he went into the vitamin thing and all this other,
and then there's stupid cheesecakes, which got almighty Bob.
Forget the goddamn cheesecakes already.
Jesus Christ, my God!
Seriously, you know, first of all, I've never been a big cheesecake fan to begin with,
because cheesecake, even good cheesecake, is dry.
It's almost like eating cardboard.
It's like eating halava.
I like halava, but how much halava could you really eat?
You know, those of you who attend Jews out there, realistically,
who know what halava is?
It's like eating sandpaper.
It's dry.
Personally, I put something in my mouth.
I like a little on the moist side.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
Uh-huh.
That's what I was afraid of.
But seriously, I mean, who the hell wants the cheesecake?
It's dry.
And it's real rich.
And usually you go into a restaurant to give you like a little tiny piece
because it's so rich.
It's like pick-and-pie.
Now, I do love pick-and-pie.
Talk about rich.
But does anybody ever go and eat a big piece of pick-and-pie?
No.
Of course not.
Unless you're out of your mind, because it is so rich that your body immediately...
It's like eating truffles, chocolate truffles,
as my little dog discovered a year or so ago.
You know, I mean, you can't already eat like 20 or 30.
They're very, very rich, especially if they are like powdered truffles.
You know that, oh my god.
And of course, the fact that when you eat more than a couple,
your body starts like regurgitating, like protesting.
In fact, I'll tell you something.
I know I'm allergic to chocolate.
What am I talking about here?
I know I'm allergic to chocolate,
because usually if I eat chocolate, I'll start coughing in the beginning.
Like that, because I'm allergic to it.
Your body is telling you something.
So don't be eating like half a pick-and-pie.
You're going to wipe up an intensive care.
It's bad for you.
So nobody wants cheesecake, but Dr. Rackens,
you know, if you would have just come up with a line of products.
I mean, I suggested to them when I met him that time,
we did that appearance at the Sogress.
I said, you would be great to have like a chain of Dr. Rackens restaurants
with almost no carbs, with just a whole variety of meats and different things.
Well, not have been a great idea.
Uh-huh.
Somebody could have made millions doing that.
And unfortunately, all I did was talk about it.
It's a great idea.
So short of that, how about just the food, instead of just vitamins,
which is fine, how about a food product line,
instead of just stupid goddamn cheesecake?
Because the first rating thing about the Actions diet,
as you go into a store and you look on the labels and just carbohydrates and carbohydrates.
And like I've been telling you for years now, they're killing us,
including me, they are killing us.
Carbohydrates are killing millions of us.
Potato chips, you can't just eat only 500 of them.
Pretzels, candy, addictive, refined carbohydrates that stimulate your taste buds.
And as soon as you're starting one or two, you become ravitus.
And you can eat like thousands, like Mondel bread, if you know what I'm talking about.
That's right.
Mondel bread.
Loaded with sugar.
Killing us.
So if this guy was really a, he's a brilliant diet doctor,
but as far as being a marketer or merchandiser, the worst.
Have you ever seen that infomercial?
Did you ever wind up seeing it all?
The worst infomercial, it makes you scream for Ron Popeel.
It makes you, it's seriously, it makes you pray for the guy with a Gintu knives.
Anything, but not the Dr. Atkins infomercial.
The world's worst, most annoying.
He's got some jappy bitch from the, from New York.
Come on, try the diet, it works.
Come on, it's great.
You'll be so skinny.
It's worse than the ones with that, the bagget from chips.
What the hell is it now?
Keep forgetting his name.
I have a mental bar.
There's an electric strata.
Oh yeah, we make it right here in Miami and people are trying it,
and we couldn't believe it.
They're losing weight.
Bio, crap.
Yeah.
They've got a new...
They got a new wonder drug.
It's called bio.
Yeah.
And people are losing weight.
By the way, do you see that thing on slice the loan yesterday?
You know, he claims that he's moving out of here because of the crime,
but the real story is that he's pissed off that they wouldn't change the road
and do this and do that.
And he can't manipulate and control the app for people there.
So he's going to pick up his goodies and take his illiterate acts someplace else.
Well, pack your stale sandwich, Slime, okay?
You illiterate Dumbo?
The...
Yo, Adrian.
Yeah, there you go.
There's a guy made millions of dollars by being intentionally more illiterate than he really is,
which believe me, he's got a good head stuck.
Yo, Adrian.
What a jackass.
And they make a big deal out of him here because it's such a guy that's in boring place.
So, speaking of boring place, you know, this thing...
And you know me, I hate cruise ships.
I've been screaming about the cruise ship operators, about the Mickey Ericins of the World,
about the Bahamas and what a goddamn ripoff on a bunch of crap.
That place is...
But the fact is, you should have your own choices.
That's all.
If I don't like your cruise ship, that doesn't mean I think we ought to go out of business,
or that the state ought to be raiding them or wasting taxpayer dollars
to be involved in media-stage raids.
Great column by Robert Steinbach, by the way.
In fact, too bad he's not still on the radio somewhere. I might actually listen to his show.
His columns usually make a lot of sense.
Nice going, Robert.
High stakes, harassment is what he says.
But I'll save that for last.
Because the sun's set and the...
And let me say it again.
I know I keep harping on this every day of my life, but it needs to be said.
We have two horse-crap newspapers in this town.
We don't have a...
We don't have anything that closely resembles a newspaper anywhere here in South Florida.
It's embarrassing, it's humiliating, it kind of like fits in like a rubber glove.
It is so bush-leagged.
And I would love to know.
I'd like to be a fly on the wall in one of those orphuses up there at the heraldor of the Sun,
and find out what the real story is.
Why they have this psychotic hysteria about the evils of Casino gambling.
In all these years, every time it gets on a ballot, these people start like peeing on themselves.
They start calling to an elephant for cases and cases of depends underwear.
Because they can't control their bodily functions that get those psychotic at the prospect that there could be Casino gambling here.
And just having come back from Vegas for about the 5,000 time in my life and having had a great time
and seeing all these other things that place jam packed with people.
Driving around this morning here for crying out loud and not that I'm complaining mind you.
It was like a holiday.
I don't know what the big deal was today, but I don't think there's...
Is there anybody here?
No.
It's already December 4th.
Are the snowbirds back?
No.
Is there any tourists here?
No.
They're back.
What?
In my neck of the woods.
Well, maybe in your neck of the woods, but not like usual.
What I'm saying is that Las Vegas is jam packed with people having a great time being treated great, losing their ass and still having a great time.
And you know, a few winners, like that old bag that won the 27 million at palestation three weeks ago.
But down in this town, in this neck of the woods, baby, oh boy, the evils.
And they got a lot.
I'm going to read their editorial, which is the worst editorial and then most stupid.
And then they got an article in their same newspaper, which if they would just read their own newspaper,
shows you that the raid on the gambling ship was bogus.
They had that hearing yesterday, which they're continuing today, by the way.
They're probably editing again right now.
And bogus.
These so-called investigators after all these months of a cloak and dagger and bullcrap and all the money that they wasted in time in the media stage event.
Most of it is a bullcrap, just concocted.
Well, it might be this, and it might be that, but it will, but yeah, right.
But we do know one thing.
It's evil.
1026 at 560 WQA M.
Where do you find Joe Rose, Jessica Farris and Steve Goldstein?
The first team.
Right where you got it.
Sports radio 560 QAF.
1036 WQA M.
I can't believe this.
I'm looking at the phone thing.
It says Don Yeager, one of the co-authors of pros and cons is on the phone.
How you doing, Don?
Good, Neil. How are you?
Great. I was reading, because I'm one of those people who read like two, three books at the same time.
Well, I picked up your book about a month ago.
I've been like reading it, you know, piecemeal chapter by chapter.
I was reading last night a risky business because I'm, you know, skipping around in the book.
Uh-huh.
And reading about the Kansas City Chiefs in Tim Barnett, and about how they never learned their lesson.
And then of course after they got through with that episode.
They picked up Simmons.
Right, exactly. They moved on the way in Simmons.
And it doesn't really seem to make any difference.
Well, and in fact, they've just bounced Wayne Simmons and sitting off the buffalo.
Really?
Yeah, after the debacle a couple of weeks ago, I don't know if you saw the Money Night game in which I get Denver,
in which for the end of the game the chiefs just completely lost control within five consecutive penalties for that were just outrageous.
And Simmons was among them.
And so the next morning they woke up, the president of the chiefs woke up and said, you know what, we need to get rid of guys like this and cut them right there in the middle of the season.
How's remain masculine, by the way?
Well, my understanding is he was arrested again, right?
Right.
Yeah. And so you're in jail.
Guys just got no, guys got no chance of figuring it out, doesn't he?
You know, it's interesting because here, because this is a sports station, even though I don't do a sports show in these four hours,
but I listen to these idiots that call on the sports shows and you've got to really blame the public for this more than just the league or the owners or the team.
You got to blame the public because they really, I don't think most of the so-called fans really care.
As long as you're on our team and as long as you can help us win, we don't give a damn how many women you rape, how many people you murder, what you do, we want to win.
You know, that is so true. I'd say, you know, I've said all along that there are two groups that are probably most responsible for this and one is the public and the other is the media.
I mean, the fact that we don't do, I mean, some of these records were there for the asking just nobody ever asked for, as sports reporters, you know, we choose only to cover that, which happens in the field and what happens to these guys and off the field.
You know, we are falling into the league's belief that that doesn't matter when in fact it does. I mean, I don't think we can hold these guys that as role models.
And since you wrote the book, I mean, Lawrence Phillips, he already had his run in here in plantation and then, you know, he's long gone, he's been cut.
Charles Jordan, he's vanished from the scene because he had problems again.
And these guys, it seems that most of them, I mean, there are exceptions, but most of them just never learn their lesson.
They're just obsessed with raping women and abusing women and...
And in the shame of that is it's all fun and games while they're in the NFL and there are people out there to cover up for them.
And in fact, as you said, when you're talented, there are people out there that will, in fact, do that.
But the data that you're playing is over, your habits don't end. And suddenly that issue of becoming a danger to society is a whole lot more real.
No, I just...
I think the Mike Tyson thing is a classic example of the way the American public idolizes these goons.
And, you know, here's a guy that went to prison for rape. There's no question that he was guilty.
You know, he tries to chew off a guy's ear. His behavior, and he, here he had another scraped the other day.
Just day after day, you read about the things that he's doing this aberrant behavior.
He's like one step away from an animal. I'm not sure in which direction.
And yet if he were to come on and fight the bum of the month tonight, like at 8 o'clock tonight, there would be millions of guys that go out there and go out there.
And spend 50 bucks or 80 bucks or 100 bucks on pay-per-view to a subsidizer.
You know, and the shame of that is that as long as we don't...
As long as we're willing as fans to kind of just fall for that, none of them will ever learn a lesson.
But there is an opportunity. We could do something. We could say something. And unfortunately, it just takes shows.
Like yours, it takes books, magazines, it takes...
You know, it's going to take some pressure from the other end to say, look, I think we'd like to hire standard.
Of course, it wouldn't be tough to create a higher standard at this stage.
Right. Well, so what is the reaction to your book? I mean, it's been after a while now. Is the leak reacting formally in any way?
Yeah, the leak is well... I do know, in fact, the Tampa TV station did an interview the other day with Tony Dungee for the book of years.
And asked him for a comment. And Tony Dungee said, for the first time on the air that the leak has issued a mandate that they don't want this put discussed by any leak personnel, any team personnel.
So, you know, that to me...
You can imagine why? That's the highest form of compliment, I guess.
But in conversations I've had in places where I've been one on one with someone from the leak on television or on radio, the thing that's going to come up is, even the leak has said, makes it openly. To me, hey, we've got...
We've got number one television package in sports.
stadiums have never been more full. You know, fan approvals have never been higher.
Clearly, they don't have a problem with it. You don't understand why you do it.
And...
Yeah, what are you trying to be? A troublemaker here? What's wrong with you, man?
Yeah, it's as if I committed these crimes.
Right. You know, it starts. A lot of us have started...
It starts even before our college starts in elementary and high school with a lot of these kids in the ghetto, wherever they're in the hell it is.
But at the college level, the acceptance of this starts.
I was reading the other day that of all the major universities in Nebraska's got the worst graduation rate of any of them.
And of course, Tom Osborne here for years was notorious as a gangster lover.
And the whole of the doctor Tom Osborne, so they'd always been made that big.
Right, right.
And intellectualized the whole thing.
And we had the same thing down here when Jimmy Johnson was at U of M and we had the gangsters with the hurricanes, with the camouflage outfits, the fiesta bowl and all that other crap.
And University of Miami has had a constant ongoing succession of these embarrassments.
And people talk about those things. All they talk about, we had the Brian Blades episode down here and his agent comes along and says, well, we don't have time to deal with the law enforcement people because he's got to get up there to see the ghetto and run fast and jump high.
Yeah, I mean, what does that mean?
Just three or four weeks ago, you had Leonard Blittle of the St. Louis Ram getting drunk behind a car, behind a wheelcar.
And having the head coach of the Ram's Dick Vermeel, say the next day, we want to welcome him back.
He needs football and football needs him.
Yeah, but there's another great gangster lover, though, is Dick Vermeel?
I tell you what, when I, my impression of so many people changed during the reporting of this book, Dick Vermeel being one of them.
When he embraced Ryan Tucker, a one-time offensive lineman, or a B-fits-a-1, excuse me, for the Ram who came from Texas Christian University, where, while at TCU, he had four of his buddies all who laid 250 or more,
and being with it in interest of his life, a young man who weighed about 150 pounds.
That's really gutsy.
Yeah, oh yeah, real big of them to do that outside of a bar.
And when he was drafted by the Ram, reporters asked Vermeel who was struggling with Lawrence Phillips at the time.
You know, we're done for, are you a little bit concerned about this guy's felony record here?
He's charged with a felony with attempted murder.
And Vermeel said, oh, that's a little lower stretch.
Bottom line is, after looking at it, at least I know if he can finish a fight.
Right, here I'm a positive-manified right.
I mean, you have, I mean, that, even if it's with three other guys, and the guy that he's fighting weighs 150 pounds.
That, that should turn the stomach of any fan out there.
But, but, down, I don't think it does.
I don't, I, I get very little response about it.
They don't seem to care.
In other words, as long as you can help us when, when Jimmy Johnson's side, Lawrence Phillips, you know, I was screaming on the, what kind of insanity is this?
Look at this guy's record. This guy's a maniac.
And these people didn't care. If he could, you know, if by some miracle he would have turned out to be a great running back, which he didn't.
But if he would have, they'd be, they'd love him. They'd be kissing his ass right now.
Maybe talking about how he needed a fourth second chance.
It reminds me of the, you know, it all comes back to that OJ syndrome.
You know, this Turo worship, if you're a jock, if you were a jock strap, no matter what you do in your personal life, we don't care about that.
You know, remember with the freeway chase, I'm sure you do in L.A.
When you're all running up and down with a side, go OJ.
We don't care how many people you murdered and how you did it and why you did it. You're a hero.
Yeah. Well, I'm hoping, I really, you know, we say that the people are, you know, just don't care.
I think that ultimately, I mean, maybe some dime mark fans don't, but I think that most of the NFL's fan support is based upon pretty decent people who, you know, if they start asking themselves, these are the jerseys we want to buy for our children.
Yeah. Right. I think most of them will say now.
And I, and, but I think the key is that it just takes discussion of the subject and it takes information.
I mean, you have to know these stories in order to be able to debate them.
And for the first time now, we've really got that opportunity.
And I appreciate you, you know, the kind of words you said about the book.
Well, the first sensation I've had is several, I've got several friends there in Miami who are avid listeners of yours who called me up that said,
you won't believe in your eyes. You're talking about your books. So I, in fact, I had planned I'd marked it. I got it in my hand right now in the book to the chapter three risky business, which I'm that first part about Tim Barnett.
I'm going to read that on a year today.
Oh, and at that right there, we'll turn your stomach as well. But thank you so much.
Okay. Thank you for the book because believe me, it's about time that people, you know, stop glorifying goons and that they stop making role models for their kids out of guys who are rapists and murderers even in some case.
Neil, thank you for having me. Thanks a lot, Don.
All right, buddy. Bye bye.
Don Yeager writes for sports illustrated in this co-author of pros and cons, the criminals who play in the NFL, Jeff Benedict and Don Yeager.
We must be psychic because I was reading it last night, flipping through and I'm one of those people at a book like this.
That's not like a story, but that relates to a whole bunch of different incidents.
I like to skip around and read parts that I find interesting.
And I was reading it last night and brought it in this morning with the intention of reading that and then out of the blue.
Here he is. It is a great book and some of you will say, oh my god, this is unbelievable. And rest you'll say, we don't care. We want to win the game.
Twenty before 11 and 560 WQA.
Why do you ask good?
We got so there.
All right.
He won't live with a chum close by anyone's room.
That's it. Here I go.
And if I have some bus, the cap, I just say I didn't do this.
That's it. Here I go.
And then I can do crack, hit it. I go to the third world and I'm surrounded by a
fire, I'll get it.
I'll be going to crack hit it to the floating nightclub.
Yeah, I'll be going to back sit in and be sparing my blood without going to crack hit it in a load of junk.
I never looked back at it without packing my guns.
Yeah, jeez rock, faux, every pie.
Know that every now and then I sell some crack to a large dude.
Crap, say, here I become some with buck on the intersection working for free.
Crap, say, here I become, there I become a double house with no windows.
And then I can not but wish I she my favorite home.
Home home home.
Yeah, I'm going to crack hit it and I'm going to sell my crack.
I'll be going to crack city. You can count on that.
I'll be going to crack city and that's my wrap.
I'll be going to crack city because I'll be back again to rock faux, every pie.
That's it.
I'm supposed to be guitar, you know.
Oh, he's talking about.
You mean you can't play no guitar.
No one's able to get on.
Oh, fuck it.
Oh.
1047 at 5.50 WQAM.
So anyway, I'll get back to the pros and cons book later, which is great, which you really you need.
You know, if you're going to buy a book for somebody for the holidays and you got somebody that's a sports fan, especially a football fan, go out and buy a net book because it is it will be riveting.
They'll sit there with their eyes glued with their eyeballs glued with.
But anyway, getting back to this great.
Okay, let me get to the editorial first because I got just tons of stuff here and is much too important to just the gloss over.
The Sun Sentinel, the goody two shoes, sanctimonious, holier than now.
Sun Sentinel editorializes this morning.
Crack down on gambling, both a sure winner for state citizens.
Oh, alright. Don't you feel better already about living in this state?
No. Come on.
Just the headline makes me feel uplifted and like redeemed.
It goes on to say.
And there is a line in here. I've got a circle. I'm going to tell you that is just I will wet my pants when I get to that line. I guarantee you.
Florida voters have stated loud and clear at the ballot box that they don't want casino gambling in Florida.
Attorney General Bob Butterworth and the sheriff's of Broward, Palm Beach and Monroe counties have given a strong endorsement to voters wishes by cracking down on casino votes.
They claim were violating Florida's gambling laws. They claim work.
The crackdown on six gambling, both stock from Keylor, go to review a beach took place today culminating undercover operations that started in April.
This is December last time I checked the surprise crackdown resulted in confiscation of equipment on two of the vessels.
The four others are back in business. If the charges are proven, if the charges are proven, the operations could be subject to forfeiture of equipment and millions of dollars in fines.
Under the law, the votes must be at least three miles off shore before they begin gambling operations.
Undercover officers boarded the votes with electronic navigation equipment that uses satellites to pinpoint positions of vessels.
According to an investigator from the Attorney General's Office, the tracking equipment wasn't needed in some instances since the votes hadn't even cast off on the gambling began.
Some of the votes also were permitting gambling on sports events that would take place days later according to Butterworth under the law of patrons can only bet on sports contests that take place during the cruise.
The gambling votes are a blight on Florida's waters. Unfortunately, the status powerless to prevent their operation outside the three mile limit.
Inside the limit law enforcement officials cannot ignore what goes on, just as they wouldn't permit illegal bookmaking or casino operations in a strip shopping mall.
They shouldn't permit them on gambling, both operating within the state's borders. Butterworth pointed out how foolish it is for board operators to jeopardize their businesses by breaking Florida's gambling statutes, with the little patience they would be operating entirely within the law.
Patients, however, tend not to be a virtue of gamblers or gambling operators.
Now here comes the line. Strap yourselves in tight. Okay, strap that seatbelt. Here we go. Here's the line from the Sun sent a editorial board.
The majority of Floridian's recognized casino gambling is a suckers bet that all too often leads to gambling addiction, broken homes and financial ruins.
The state doesn't need it and it shouldn't permit board operators to break the law that forbids it.
The majority of Floridian's recognized casino gambling is a suckers bet that all too often leads to gambling addiction, broken homes and financial ruins.
The only thing that's left of the money is the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the
money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of
the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that's left of the money that was left of the money that was left of the money which was left of the money which was left of the money and it needed to be as a man of the life of a temple
Thursday December the God damn fourth 1998.
Here is an article that says,
Sun Cruz lobs volleys in state's case on gambling,
territorial calculations of officer in question.
Ah.
Attorney General Bob Butterworth in Broward County Sheriff Ken Jenny
may have fired the first volley,
but Sun Cruz vote operator Constantineos Gus Bullis
is intent on winning the naval war.
On Thursday Bullis and his company's attorneys
launched a legal counterattack to the state's efforts.
To punish the Sun Cruz Casino operations,
for allegedly violating a state law
forbidding gambling and territorial waters in wild import.
The battle which continues today
before Broward's circuit judge Leonard Stafford clearly had
state officials on the defensive.
In a contentious hearing before a courtroom
packed with more than 100 spectators,
the millionaire developer and entrepreneur were railed
against the assistant state attorney General Steven A. LaClair
for actions Bullis said threatened his livelihood
in those of his employees.
On Tuesday state officials rated the Sun Cruz 6 in Hollywood,
taking $629,000 in cash and removing gambling equipment.
In key Largo officials took 216,000 of the Sun Cruz 1.
They also took 6,900 from the Sun Cruz to the Riviera until the Boa,
or is it Riviera Beach, a Bullis subsequently moved to Hollywood
as only staff of operation now up and running.
If the state's charges are proven,
the gambling operations could face millions of dollars
in civil penalties and forfeitures Bullis contends that
would be disastrous for businesses in Florida,
whereas companies run five casino operations in our partners
and five others.
Because he has an interest in all 10,
the more than $60 million in bank loans he's obtained
or run them will be at risk if the gambling equipment
seized on Tuesday is not returned, he said.
Over 500 families are in jeopardy of losing their jobs Bullis said,
all of the boats, all of them are going to close down within 10 days.
The biggest problem for the Attorney General's office may be the holes
casino operators attorneys punched in their case under cross examination
by Bullis attorneys the state's witnesses did considerable backpedaling.
David Sanders, a Fort Lauderdale police officer,
was part of a month-long undercover investigation of six-note photo casino
gambling ships including Bullis said his calculations placing Bullis
boats outside the three-mile territory limit may be incorrect.
Oh my God.
Might be wrong.
Sanders testified that he relied on a $250 portable device
to map the ship's locations with a global positioning system,
but he admitted that the system has flaws and may be affected by radio and radar waves.
Moreover, Sanders said his measurements were not corroborated by any other method.
Also on Tuesday, a Broward Sheriff's Office Deputy,
who worked undercover, acknowledged that the state's allegation
of betting occurred at the Docks, ignored the company's position that the vets
are not consummated until money actually exchanges hands in international waters.
Bruce Zimett, Bullis attorney, said that was a crucial piece of testimony.
People had a belief that until money is paid, the bet wasn't complete,
and the unequivocal testimony is that no money was paid until the voter three miles out, Zimett said.
The most embarrassing testimony for state authorities may have come from Joseph J. Mandarin
and economic crimes investigator for the Attorney General's Office.
Mandarin was also testified that he observed bets being taken in territorial waters,
admitted that his sworn testimony that one ship was not far out,
let me say it again, that one ship was not out far enough, was only speculation.
He also said he has no idea how much if any of the money taken from the ships
was the result of illegal activity.
Sounds like lost rights again by James Bowvard,
and that we're just coming in and grabbing all the cash.
Mandarin conceded that he made no attempt to determine whether ship personnel
were operating in good faith that they were obeying the law based on their own equipment.
I didn't need to, he said, end of article.
Talk about nebulous at best, but it was good for us, I don't think the editorial says.
Even though it was based on, well maybe by the beef, by the boat, we don't know,
but it was great.
1057 at 560 WQA.
New York.
The
The
US
US
US
The
US
The
US
The
US
uff
US
The
US
Tell me who will fight the price on where she was dead, don't you?
Everyone wants to my jeep, the chances are across the ring, who might just want to shoot?
I don't know who will fight the price on where she was dead, don't you?
I'm not sure who will fight the price on where she was dead, but I'm not sure who will fight the price on where she was dead, don't you?
I'm not sure who will fight the price on where she was dead, don't you?
I'm not sure who will fight the price on where she was dead, don't you?
I'm not sure who will fight the price on where she was dead, don't you?
I'm not sure who will fight the price on where she was dead, don't you?
Thank God for the fact that we have a handful of people in this town that have the guts to stand up against the sanctum of the Pacific critical assholes like the Bobby Butterworth and Ken Jennings of the world.
And these editorial boards that both are so-called newspapers in this town that are constantly giving us a big solid silence, warning us against the evils of those who want to...
What are you people talking about?
And one of the many times we had Castino gambling on a ballot here, I'll never as long as I live, forget that picture that the sanctum only as righteous Harold who would never lie to us, who would never manipulate public opinion for their own fun and profit.
That picture of some deadbeat off of a behind, off the way behind a casino somewhere and being in the middle of the desert somewhere.
Here's some drifter out there. Is he anywhere near the strip? No.
We ever gonna run into this guy? Are there any drifters, bombs on the strip? No. I've never seen any.
Anybody begging for money? Spare some changement on the strip? No.
But that was the best picture they could find that he picked what Vegas is all about for the Yahoo's in this town who've never been there.
Some stumble bomb out there in the middle of the desert somewhere who, you know, loaned me $50, whatever that was all about.
I mean, this is stuff out of the Stone Age Virginia. This is stuff out of the dark ages. This is stuff out of the prohibition era.
Gambling is evil. Casino gambling is evil. And the cruise ships are illegal. And there are blight on the waters there. Well, how are they a blight on the waters? What is that mean?
Roughly pretty out there. I mean, if a hurricane comes along and blows them all away anyway, we just found that out. So what's the problem?
There are blight on the waters out there. You know, all the trips that I take and every time you fly out of Florida, you're fluck coming on in and you look down there.
There are some ships out there that doesn't bother me. I don't care what they're doing on there. They're gambling. Are they screwing? Are they, oh, whatever they're doing, they're doing it.
And maybe they're having a good time. Oh, that's the problem. Sorry. Maybe they're having a good time. That's where we're going into real problems. That's right.
They might be having a good time. Did anybody force them, coerced them to go out there? Did anybody promise them riches and fortune? No. No.
That's why they call it gambling. I hate to break the news to you people with the sun sentinel. That's why they call it gambling, which you want to know since you've got the odds, the morning line odds on every sporting event in the history of the human race right there in your newspaper on page 13c today, just like the herald has been doing for years while they scream and rail about the evils of gambling.
And talk a lot of cock out that makes no sense whatsoever. And just like the article that I read yesterday, the state of Florida spends no money, no money to set up any regulations for these operations on these cruise ships, none to protect the public.
It's a lot easier just to go out there and stage your raid and bring the media in and put on a big circus side show, then to set up any regulations and put any teeth into it.
Because that would require a little bit of knowledge, a little bit of know how and maybe it would even actually somehow acknowledge the fact that there is a casino industry, which God forbid that we should do that in the state of Florida because we're help and we're obsessed.
We don't care where the whole state goes broke as long as we don't ever have to have real casino gambling in the state, then the powers that be will be happy. That's the only thing that keeps them with a smile on their push.
We don't care about all those crime statistics about all the FBI list, which God, you know, half a dozen cities in the state of Florida, always up there in the top 10. We're not concerned about that.
We're not concerned about the crappy education system. We're not concerned about any of the quality of life, the things that we're lacking here in the state.
All we care about is long as we can keep casinos out of here, then we got a great state.
There you go.
Anybody been to a galaxy lately?
Ten minutes after 11 at 5.50, WQA.
America loves to watch boobs and butts and boinkies.
The study and heart-stopping terror.
Who's that?
The chilling story of a deaf woman alone and afraid and the killer she'll never hear coming.
Why won't you do so long?
Academy Award when a money maker in stars in here know evil.
A thriller so frightening it'll keep you.
So frightening it'll keep you.
Is anybody out there?
On the interview.
This is a funny animal.
Why are you being talking?
What?
A commercial.
A commercial.
A commercial.
We're doing it, commercial.
I can't really.
I said my line now.
I made a sauce I had color like I can't help.
Don't miss my name.
Make money and here know evil what you can't hear.
It's a killer.
And what you can't hear could screw up a really good commercial.
Huh?
It's 11.15 at 5.60 WQA.
I mean, this whole thing is so pathetic.
You know, and they keep writing this stuff and they're all the lemmings out there.
Oh, yeah, you're right.
You write dead bad stuff.
You write, yeah.
Okay, whatever you say.
So since I'm on a reading tier here, forget about these phones for while.
Okay, I got I'm got stuff here today.
Okay, I'm loaded.
Oh, by the way, thanks to the Julio that called my stir out there, my publics at the Assagrands.
And they're stocking up on my Tyson's season beef strips.
And I sure hope they have lots and lots.
Because I'm prepared to show off the big bucks.
I may take home cases.
I may fill up my whole freezer section with that stuff.
I may be eating tender juicy meat all weekend long.
I tell you that right now.
Pros and cons, the criminals who play in the NFL by Jim Benedict and Don Yeager.
It's in hard cover.
It's in your bookstore right now.
And it's a little tease, a little enticement to interest you in this book.
I'll read another couple of pages here.
As I've been doing over the weeks and Don Yeager, where if you missed it, call this in early this morning.
I doubted the blue because you've heard a lot of people mention the fact I've been talking positively about this book.
It's not a good book.
It's a great book.
I mean, you keep talking about the president getting blow jobs, Alaria.
How about all these jocks, these dumb butchers jocks that your kids are admiring?
These are the role models for America's, that what it's all about.
Huh.
God.
Risky Business, Chapter 3, page 22.
On March 22nd, 1992, Kansas City Chiefswide Receiver Tim Barnett was arrested for battery against his wife.
Barnett appeared before Johnson County District Judge.
John Anderson III on June 25th, and pleaded guilty to lesser charge of disorderly conduct.
Anderson sent in Barnett to 30 days in jail, but agreed to suspend the sentence, if Barnett completed counseling, and refrained from further violation of the law for a full year.
Then on June 5th, 1993, three weeks shy of completing his one-year probation term, Barnett was arrested again.
This time, Barnett had assaulted his wife and threatened her with a cult python handgun.
He was charged with making a terrorist threat and aggravated assault both felonies as well as one count of misdemeanor assault.
In another pre-bargined deal, Barnett pleaded guilty to misdemeanor assault and battery.
Judge Anderson on October 27th, then revoked his suspension on Barnett's previous 30-day jail sentence in order to the wide receiver to jail.
But the chiefs were in midseason, and Anderson agreed to delay the imposition of the sentence until no later than January 4th, 1994, presumably the chiefs season would be over by then, and Barnett's incarceration would not interfere with his career.
There was one small problem. The chiefs made the playoffs, and by the time January 4th arrived, the day Barnett was supposed to surrender himself into custody, the chiefs were four days away from hosting the Pittsburgh Steelers in a second-round playoff game.
Barnett was one of quarterback Joe Montana's primary receivers, and his presence in the lineup was crucial for the chiefs to win the game.
On the morning of January 4th, Barnett's attorney, William Grimichaw, petitioned Judge Anderson to further delay the imposition of Barnett's jail sentence until after the playoffs were concluded.
Barnett's job with the chiefs would be in jeopardy if he had to miss the playoffs Saturday and assisted Grimichaw.
Anderson, whose patience was exhausted, rejected the request and ordered Barnett to jail effective immediately.
I can't really justify tweeting you a whole lot different than I would treat anybody else, just because you were Kansas City Chiefs player, said Joe Janderson from the bench.
Now am I supposed to just cross my fingers and hope this time it's going to stick, and next time we're not going to have you in here for hurting somebody real bad, I don't feel comfortable with that.
Hours after announcing the sentence, Judge Anderson suddenly took ill and left the courthouse.
Meanwhile, Grimichaw filed a notice of appeal and moved Barnett to be released on Bond.
Assistant District Attorney Melinda Whitman argued that the appeal should be denied, saying the two sides had previously agreed a sentence in terms and that the appeal would probably be withdrawn as soon as the season concluded.
District Judge Pro Tem Robert Morris, sitting in Judge Anderson's place, said he was required to set the bond, which he did at $1,500. Grimichaw secured the bond and Barnett was released.
That's not right Johnson County District Attorney Paul Morrison told the Kansas City Star shortly after Barnett's release.
Mr. Barnett needs to be in there doing his time, not because he's a chief but because he keeps breaking the law.
Yet the chiefs were glad to have their criminally convicted receiver available for Saturday's game.
I wonder how understanding is that he's available to us for the rest of the season. Chiefs director of Public Relations Bob Moore told the Kansas City Star.
Having Barnett in football uniform rather than a jail uniform proved crucial to the chief success.
With less than two minutes left in regulation and Kansas City trailing the Steelers by seven points, Joe Montana was orchestrating one of his trademark come from behind drives.
Ultimately Barnett was on the receiving end of Montana's game time touchdown pass, sending the game into overtime where the chiefs went on to win.
Barnett's spectacular reception sent sold out arrowhead stadium into a frenzy.
The following day the Kansas City star dubbed Barnett the toast of the town. His clutch performance cost fans and sports writers to quickly forget that Barnett was a twice convicted criminal who should have been in jail.
The following week Kansas City was eliminated from the playoffs Barnett meanwhile remained free as he and his attorney continued his appeal.
On June 24th 1994 with Barnett still free, Judge Anderson expressed apprehension about Barnett hurting somebody real bad became a reality.
That morning Barnett along with two friends was staying at a hotel in Milwaukee. He was in town to attend a friend's wedding.
At approximately 11 o'clock in the morning, Tanisha Warren a 14 year old housekeeper who was working in her first part time job knocked on the door to room 215.
Although Barnett and his two friends were inside, they did not respond. Noticing the door was partly a jar of Warren called out housekeeping, still hearing no response.
You repeated housekeeping, convinced the room was vacant. Warren did as she had been trained and at the room to clean it.
To her surprise, she discovered the three men when she entered. Do you want any service Warren asked nervously? Yeah, responded one of the men.
Walking between the men who were positioned on their respective beds, Warren restocked the room with clean towels and drinking glasses before going into clean the bathroom.
Exiting the room after completing her duties Warren was stopped by Barnett. Can I ask you a question? Can I ask you a question he asked? Yeah, she responded. What is your phone number Barnett asked? They keep it on she's 14 years old.
Scared and not wanting to divulge her home phone number, Warren handed Barnett a Manchester suites courtesy card properly appropriately misspelled her name on it and wrote down an erroneous phone number. I didn't want to give him the right numbers. She would later testify in court.
Barnett took the card from Warren. Can I ask you a question he said again? Yes, she said as Barnett took her hands and pulled her down toward the bed.
Ain't nobody been in this Barnett asked as he put his hands up Warren's housekeeping dress?
Thinking that he was asking whether she had ever had sex before Warren responded? No. Without warning Barnett suddenly turned Warren's shoulders and forced her out of her back.
He pulled up my dress and then he started rubbing on my breasts, Warren later testified. He was asking me if it felt good.
And then he started to rub on my vagina. I kept telling him to stop. I had took taking my leg off to bed to get up and he put my leg back up. Then he put the covers over me. He started licking my ear. He asked me a couple of times did it feel good.
Then he on buttoned his pants pulled them down to his knees and started rubbing his penis against my vagina. He said he was going to put it in.
Then he started rubbing on my breasts again and was rubbing his penis against my vagina real fast and then some of me started hurting.
Warren made a futile attempt to push against Barnett's chest as he pleaded with him to stop but she was no match for his strength. Finally Barnett climbed off her and screwed into the bathroom.
Warren noticed that her thighs were wet and her panties had semen on them. While Barnett was in the bathroom she pulled down her dress, grabbed her caddy full of supplies and ran out of the room to find her older sister who also worked at the hotel.
After reporting what happened Warren was brought to the Women's Assessment Center where she was treated and samples of blood, pubic hairs, head hairs and smears and swabs were taken.
Her clothes were placed in plastic bags for evidence and after confiding in her parents' Warren report of the incident to the Milwaukee police.
In July, Milwaukee authorities charged Barnett with sexually assaulting a child on the age of 16, a felony carrying a possible 10-year state prison sentence.
The following day the chiefs who were involved in training camp released Barnett.
As with every decision we make, we thought it was in the best interest of our football team at this time, head coach Marty Shottenheimer told the press, although it was quite obvious, Shottenheimer refused to confirm whether Barnett's release was resolved as his arrest for sexually assaulting a minor.
On June 12, 1995, a Milwaukee jury convicted Barnett and he was later sentenced to serve three years in prison.
On January 10, 1997, after being parole from a Wisconsin state prison, Barnett returned to Kansas to serve 30-day jail sentence for the first assault on his wife back in 1992.
By this point, his high-powered attorney had withdrawn from her presenting him and the chiefs at NFL teams were no longer interested in him, attempts to reach Barnett were unsuccessful in the book by the office.
One player, one teenage girl, one rapeer, which seemed enough to teach a team a lesson, it wasn't.
In October of 1997, only two years after the Barnett debacle, the chiefs again made a decision to employ a player with a formidable criminal history.
In the quest for the best record in the AFC, the chiefs made a blockbuster midseason trade for Wayne Simmons starting linebacker for the green-bite packers.
On Binocte's defense in Kansas City, Simmons was at that moment being investigated for the alleged rape of 18-age girl.
And then it goes on and on the state of Georgia versus Wayne Simmons, with that story about his penis was here and it was there, et cetera, and so on.
These are the goons, not all of them of course, but many, many, many, many of them that your kids look upon as role models, as heroes, the pay money to get their autographs, et cetera, and so on.
By T-shirts with their uniform numbers on them. These are the guys that some of you assholes out there justify making millions of dollars to play some stupid game, who are functionally illiterate at best, and totally illiterate goons and morons at worst.
Great book, pros and cons, the criminals who play in the NFL, Jeff Benedict and Daniel, go out and get like 20 or 30 copies right now please.
560-560-0.560 out of AT&T wireless line, those are our numbers, it's 11.25 at QAM.
Friday you bastard.
Return to Santa.
Return to Santa.
I got a sweater from my grandmom.
It was pink and black.
A don't worry, dear, high-beast was printed on your back.
I wrote about it.
Return to Santa.
Just send me cash.
Your tank is wetter.
Okay, me your ass.
I got a food cake and some tired pants.
Yeah, clip this for my nose.
Another bottle of old spice, pointed eye-gathered hoes.
Return to Santa.
Who needs this junk?
Or this year's Christmas?
A real is done.
Return to Santa.
Don't need to be rude.
But this Christmas, I got screwed.
Return to Santa.
Return to Santa.
What a thing you got to do Christmas is 1.35 at 5.60 WDQM.
I'm telling you, is there a response here or what today?
No, wow, these people, I got them fired up.
I want a half of screaming and carrying on and they're really worked up, aren't they?
No.
Here's Miami, hello.
Miami.
Okay, they're gone.
58 minutes by the way.
They waited on hold.
I got too many left.
They're leaving one call on the board.
Let me talk to some people in my care.
Let me get the waste basket out here.
Is there anybody in here?
Anybody in here that might be interested in anything that I just said?
Any comments coming out of here?
Is there any, if crawling object inside this waste basket?
Anybody in here care about what I just wasted my time puking my guts out about for an hour and a half?
But this is unbelievable.
This is the ultimate week in my life.
This week on these phones.
And you know, I'm going to tell you something.
It was so embarrassing and so depressing to me that I wasn't even going to mention it on the year.
Yes, today unbeknownst to me.
Tank was for whatever reason.
Maybe he was doing the Jimmy Johnson or whatever.
Maybe he was getting laid out.
I don't know.
But Hank didn't show up until three.
So they had the kids.
The three kids doing the show yesterday from two to three.
Because I'm driving home listening, expecting the rank, hoping to hear Hank.
And instead I hear the three ten year old kids doing a show.
And they're talking the same usual.
They had a cane and a UCLA and then the same crap.
And twenty after two, one of them pronounces,
although we better get to these phones because boy, they're lit up like a Christmas tree.
We got a full board of calls here.
And then of course it's the usual, the same sports nerd that you hear twenty hours a day.
And after the exercise I went through here yesterday, obviously again,
in fact every day this week I'm going to go through again here today.
The great, any response to anything I'm talking about.
I'm thinking to myself, what is this all about?
We got a full board of calls here.
I'll give you three five.
You're okay.
I could bring my little miniature picture on here and have him do a sports show.
We've got the mad dog, the big dog, the little dog.
Let's have the little teeny tiny dog doing a sports show.
And the phones would light up like a Christmas tree.
Well, you think Jimmy was respectful enough of that record?
Same old time like on a stuck record.
And to people in this audience it makes no difference.
What it is that I say.
If I scream it, if I read it, if I yell it, if I pee it,
if no matter what it is, man, you can't squeeze a response out of these people.
It's like sucking blood out of a goddamn rock is what it is.
Here's Boca.
Hello.
Yeah, if you hated so much, what?
Yeah, okay.
Like I said, I want to talk to people who have something to say.
Not a song that it adds about me.
Not if I do this, if I do that.
I'm talking to people who have something to say.
And like I've said a million times before,
anybody who's listening to the show is doing so voluntarily and must be getting off on it, okay?
So save it for a rainy day.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, sir?
Okay.
100% with you, man.
Listen, this is default former addict gambling.
Meaning what?
Meaning didn't it go to rehab for that?
No, he did not.
Okay, date County wide open, 566705, 60, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Every 10 to go on vacation in the morning show there in rehab, okay, pal?
But evidently, you're too stupid enough to catch on.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
I'm Colneo.
Yes, sir.
How are you today?
I'm in total shock.
I'm in a total state of shock.
You're going to put you on high blood pressure medicine.
I'm already on high blood pressure medicine.
I just want one thing I would I go on the cruises in some of these things though.
I just don't think these places could track you enough.
I mean, the game, the play, the casinos are really small.
Yeah.
And the foods really crummy.
Yeah, I agree.
You know, I mean, and I think if they made it more of a, you know,
that's not the debate whether it's entertaining and not nobody's being forced to go on there.
These are people who go on their voluntarily.
And they, they, they set up for months and months and months this big media stage event.
And then they go on there and they, they, they, they put their feet to the fire yesterday and they have to admit that
while they're really not sure if they were inside or outside the territorial waters.
And no, there wasn't really any money exchanging hands until they were outside of it.
And the whole thing is bogus.
Wasn't there an article in the paper state that they were cheating in some way?
The casinos were cheating the customers somehow?
Yeah.
And where's the, where's the beef?
Where's the evidence of that?
No, I'm going to say there's evidence in that.
But I mean, you go very carefully.
Well, let me say it again.
You don't need to, you don't need to me.
Major winners going to come on off of a boat.
Yeah.
So, so what is your point?
Well, the point is is I just think that they need somebody out there.
I think police it.
But something.
They need to regulate it.
Well, I talked about that yesterday and the state of Florida doesn't regulate it.
They have no regulation.
Exactly.
They're three miles off the coast, but still there's people that are going there.
I think it needs to be more regulated.
And that would probably make them a little bit more obviously exciting and more, you know, entertaining.
No, no, no, no, no.
We're not having a debate here, sir.
I wonder what's exciting about entertaining.
We're having a debate here on whether people should be on there rating them and confiscating money.
Most of which they don't even know whether it was gambling legally or illegally.
That's what we're debating here.
That's what people's rights, which you don't seem to understand.
We're not arguing is it glitzy enough?
Is it glam or something?
I know something.
I must not be getting my porn across here.
I've lost the fine art of communications.
This guy don't even understand.
For an hour and a half, I said here, reading and pontificating and screaming and puking and jumping up and down.
And this guy's giving you strong events about how they can make it more attractive and more appealing and more glitzy.
And we're not talking about what the cruise ships are like last Vegas for crying out loud.
Vegas, Christ cruise ships are for suckers.
I agree with that.
But the notion that casino gambling is for suckers.
I mean, gambling is gambling.
You go to the dog track, you go to the horse track, you go to the plate of lottery.
It's gambling.
Getting out on the highway, getting into a car and driving on the roads in this state.
This is gambling, okay?
And it's something you do voluntarily.
And if there are people with gambling problems with addictive problems, then fine.
Take care of them.
Just like people with drinking problems with drug problems.
And this guy wants to give me a son of an aunt about how they can glitz up the cruise ships.
Here's a mobile in Zuno B.
Chilla.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Well, today must be caller not head Dave from some of the people who are listening.
What do you mean today?
Well, I don't know.
I'm not from here.
I used to live here, but I've listened to everyone so well.
When I am down here, what I was going to talk about, excuse me.
I'm sure you'll listen to him, but he Gordon Liddy had the author that book on pros and cons on his talk radio program.
And it was very interesting.
And he said when he compiled that book, that I just had him on this morning, Don Yeager.
He was on here with me an hour ago.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I just took down a little bit ago and picked it up.
It was interesting.
He said that he could probably filled about five volumes.
Right.
And that only he took like the worst worst case scenarios.
That just crime and just the goofball that are in the NFL.
But like he said to me, when I talk to him in it's very obvious.
Now, there's very little response about this because as long as these guys can help your team win, the fans don't care.
They don't care what you do.
How many people you rape?
How many people you murder?
They don't care about any of that.
As long as you're on the team and you can play well and help them win.
That's all these idiots care about.
Well, it's the sad thing.
It just shows what state of affairs it.
We as a group are human beings have come to.
Well, not me.
Well, I hope that I'm not either.
All right.
Have a great day.
I couldn't give a crap less about any of these glorified jobs.
It's pathetic.
It's very sad.
Tragic.
Even more tragic that there are so many people who care as if it's very important.
Is that important?
It must be.
Oh, yes, it is.
Very important stuff.
Open line at day 5 6705 60.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile in Kendall.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
I do have a life and I enjoy my life.
But I really enjoy listening to your show.
I think you have a lot of valid points.
And the unfortunate thing is that we do live in a society where more than 50% of our people don't understand English.
The other 50% don't talk English.
They don't care what's going on.
I agree with you that if a basketball player can stuff a ball, they get more excited about that.
And then he's clowns who are killing their kids.
And that maybe we ought to put a little gambling in town so that we could pay money.
And why spend it on all the people we have on Death Row?
Why don't we just kill them?
And I'm not for killing everyone.
Okay, good.
Too bad, man.
He touched all the bases.
Let's hear it.
There you go.
We got to educate the public.
We got to have a little bit of casino gambling.
We got to kill all the people right away here on Death Row.
And then everything will be a picnic.
All right, you bring the ants.
In fact, I think we got plenty of men here already.
I think some of the ants ran out of space over the other building.
And they're like moving over here.
George tells me we got like insects in here.
I mean, why should they be the only Roach infested, bug infested, huh?
Why the hell can't we join in?
I guess we are.
Boy, I'll tell you the responses we're getting are spectacular.
Thank you so much for reinforcing my faith in humanity.
20 till noon at 5.50 WQA.
And your goofball station for the 90s.
I'll tell you, I'm sitting here right now enjoying a real great sea guard from Nick's.
That's what I'm doing.
I'm going to calm myself down.
Put a big round one in my push.
Sit back, put my feet up on a table, fall on the floor, and just have a big smile on my push.
Because Nick's makes the best cigars in the universe.
Nick's is the largest manufacturer of premium hand-wool cigars in the West Bay.
In fact, when you go down to Nick's, just ask him for a little bit of a tour.
They'll give you a no nonsense guided tour of the whole joint.
They'll take you in the back where all those seed pickers are back there.
Roll in the cigars, and then they'll take you in the cooling rooms and the drying out rooms and all the neat places they have.
And sure, you're really all the work and care that goes into making each and every one of these great cigars.
Which is why they taste so great for you and why they're also so highly rated by cigar, Fissi and auto magazine and cigar inside our magazine.
The experts who know great cigars the best.
So if you want super premium cigars at affordable prices, this is the place for you.
Nick's cigars, you'll find them at 711 West Lagrange.
It's at my least off your flag-restory exit of the Palmetto Expressway.
Call them at 305-266-9907.
And don't forget that you can't get down to Nick's during the week for your convenience.
They're open tomorrow and every Saturday 11 a.m. until 4 in the p.m.
Stick something long in your bus.
Get your sticks at Nick's.
Sports radio 560-Q-A-T-F.
Oh God!
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
