Oh, we're sorry the teller made an error. I don't know. We're supposed to be two people there when they open the envelope from the ATM and
I'll put you 2750 back in your account, but nothing nothing happens to the teller, but you know
You want to get good service next time you go there talk to the security guard. He'll get you straight. Oh the whack-and-nut guy
Yeah, he'll get you straight now. Yeah, he's a whack-and-nut. Okay. The wacky guy. He's whacking it
I mean maybe maybe it's only me maybe again. It's my peculiarities. I'm an eccentric old fart whatever it is
But I just find it very bizarre that when I would call my bank the security guard would answer shoot for you know, I
Don't get it
Too open line. I'm probably the only person in all of America who would be kind of taken a back by that
Yeah, and not even answered by saying
I mean I call bank, you know like like a business. Hello
You know, I figured maybe I got the wrong number and then as time is going along here
I realize I don't have the wrong number. They haven't like a grab as part of you over there in a bank
Two open lines and date five six and past eleven o'clock. You got it sports radio five sixty
Q a f
Kill the cold
I'm really sure why in fact, I'm always in a mood to hear that it's eleven fifteen at five sixty w Q
I want to thank my close personal friend Richard over at Emory Coast. They are the nicest people on the face of the earth
They wrote a letter to our sales department
It's a testimonial letter about the tremendous effect of advertising on their show and on this station and about their new
Location in North Miami Beach and how their opening has been far beyond what they were expected thanks to this show in my large
Loyal audience and you people out there Emerald Coast. Do we love them or why great?
But I mean this letter I've now you know over the years you get a lot of nice letters from sponsors saying yeah
We got great results and it's so but this is just this ought to be framed
It is just beautiful. Thank you, Richard
And I'll see you there this weekend by the way, and oh this well maybe one of these days this weekend maybe Saturday
We have an open line of date Rocky game on Sunday George life revolves around a hockey games
Maybe you tell by these dynamic hockey calls we get
I promise about the ice being so bad. We've had at least no calls about that
They don't know what it's all about. That's why they keep going back there and they're having a great time
Man, they just be bad today hey
Come on play it louders little louder more distorted come on louder. That's it. Right get up. Hey
You have a good time you believe us believe it. No, come on work on it. Get anyway. Oh
God why he said that
Let's go to a mobile in Delray Beach hello
Hello, Neil. Yes
Hey, what you're saying about the ice is right on man look at Evanton. They scored a quick point up
Edmonton according to that thing in a paper
Do they wish I guess you also saw it got the only really great ice in the whole national hockey league and the rest of the league sucks
And the worst ice is in these new buildings like the Macarena building
Hey, you know it's funny about your security guard. Yeah
He knocked down the cleaning lady to answer it no doubt
Unbelievable. Is that incredible story? It's a true story. I absolutely believe it in fact
That's the second year the second call the woman voice that was probably the cleaning lady right?
I
Mean I said is this so and so bank and there was like
Like a long pause and like like I caught them in the middle of something
Like maybe they were all in the vault together. I have no idea what was going on over there
And then all of a sudden it was kind of like a slow, you know, you hear the phone go like on the cradle like very slowly and like
Well, we don't have time for this Brad because there's nobody here that knows nothing right now
I
Mean one one thing I've discovered about doing business is that if it's a bank if it's a
Shoestor whatever it is you'll find people
Who really one or two people in most places a couple of people that really have their
Together, okay really know what's going on and then you'll find like a whole bunch of other people who have who are clueless
Kind of like around here when you come right down
There's us me and George and then
Okay, where do we go?
Here's a mobile in Hollywood hello
Hey, a long time first time all right anyway, you were talking about your 2k and
I was talking about it that doofol was talking about it. Oh, well you mentioned it as well too
That's what we have to look forward to anyway my employer just sent a letter to all the
10,000 plus employees saying that
Very okay great. He said the
It's the fan
We have an open effect that's it. Do you see I'm this morning? It'll hold big face full because the hit the fan
Yeah, open line of David. I just I'm sorry. I hate to keep talking about him and and now I understand why people hate me like poison
Are still drawn to the show and you're listening right now?
It no, it's kind of a perverse thing. I in the morning. There's nothing to watch anyway
You know, I'm getting ready to come to work. I'm sitting there taking all my vitamins and my my blood pressure medicine like extra doses before I come in here and
What
Oh Jesus this is embarrassing this hell
Matt yes, yes, yes you what's going on man? I've phone is light enough. What do you what's what's going on about a security guard?
You don't know the story I I've heard bits and pieces from people calling me here
We we don't have a security guard. Well, whatever the guy is well
Maybe he was just hanging out having fried chicken. I don't know it could be we have fried chicken
Everyone well there you go see that must have been Monday must have been fried chicken day
And you were out so you didn't get get any what happened
What happened was that I got one of those little notices in the mail
That said that I was overdrawn and it was somebody's mistake over there because I made it a positive and a
Wrote myself a check like I always do at the same time
So it was like a little a clerical error, which is no big deal
And I called there and you weren't there and the phone rang several times. There's this 330 on Monday and finally a
Dark-complexed person answered the phone you talking guy or a girl guy a guy
Oh
There's nobody here that fits that description and I said is Matt there is a I think she's here
I thought she must be on having that sex change. He's been talking about all these years man
I don't know it. I don't know what happened and so then there was like a long pause and some young lady came on
And I said is this Republic security bank and she's
And then there was like a long pause and then I heard the dial tone you called my number
Yes, and I called the number back
And I know it was the right number because she picked it up cold at next time this young lady and then I explain her the mistake
And she went better be better move better and while I said just tell me what the balance shows now
And of course it was plus you know a thousand dollars whatever. I said okay, then I guess it's been straightened out
But I just found it very and she said oh, Matt's not here today
He's out the hijacking somebody's car doing something. I don't know
You know what happens is we've got a phone here that is available for customers to use if they want to call their girlfriend or wife or whatever
Oh, and it might be that when you called you were calling in when someone was trying to call out and they picked up the phone
We're gonna have to take that phone away from the the customer service area
I thought it was a security guard. Oh, well, no, we don't we don't have one of those. Yes, you do I swear we don't have a security guard
What is that guy that's always standing in the lobby there?
He's just hanging out waiting for the chicken to come in what guy are you talking about?
There's often a guy that stands there with a black outfit on I
Don't I don't know who you're speaking of sometimes we got some jobs that come in here to make their deposits or
Not a cop like a security guard outfit. Maybe he just posing as the security guard. I don't know. We haven't had security guard in about two years
Yeah
So the bottom line is we didn't charge you anything right no no there's no problem with that that parts all straightened out okay
But it was just a bizarre
Experience you know I'm calling the bank
Expecting to talk to a real living and breathing person. Well, that's like some huh?
That's me also work, but you weren't there and so evidently some bulls are just decided he would pick up the phone
You know what usually it's like if you were walking past a pay phone
You know you've seen this happen you're walking past a public pay phone and it starts ringing and some people actually will pick it up
People do that right that that very well might be what happened and I'm gonna take just because of this
I'm taking the phone away from there. So anybody else wants to use the phone now. I'm gonna get blamed for that
Well, hey, what can I tell you that goddamn meal took our public phone away?
And we get lots of people the mail man. He's probably listening to you right now. He comes to use my phone every day
Here you go, but when I'm getting even with him
I apologize if you call here and you have a problem
You know who you are he told me to beat me and call my cellular phone or whatever that you this this should not have happened
I apologize for that
Anybody who's listening to me out there. This is not normal procedure
We don't have a security guard and if we did we wouldn't have a man to run the phone
Well, you had one for one day anyway
I would go check the fault if I were you out quick. I'm gonna go back there right now and check it
Okay, man. Hey, I'm sorry about no problem. All right. See you. Bye. There's my good buddy Matt from Republic Security Bank
So these are great guys get you right on the phone air tastes good care of me not good enough
But hey, he's got a wife, you know, we have an open line and date one and brown
Maybe that's what it was all about
Maybe there's just a couple of
Intruder's there who just happened to be wandering by the phone right?
Oh
Look at this five car accident i95 north-throwed approaching baby bull of heart
Oh, and by the way that bull that they were talking about yesterday that was not all the newscast that got loose
Was that on Davy road?
Oh, I don't I don't recall I thought that I didn't hear because I saw because I was driving home from my
Some lunch yesterday and I'm driving up Davy Road extension to 595 and I look over to the left there
And I see all these cop cars. There's a camera crew and I must have been the bull over there
That got loose which got tremendous coverage by the way you had a thought it was one of the most important stories and history man time
Little bit of loose
Bull in town
Anyway, the two left lanes of i95 northbound are blocked two cars of overturned delays are building rapidly back to rippen road
So if you're thinking about going northbound on i95 in that general area, I would be forgiven
Hit the Hershey highway
Let's see here's got back last week from tree weeks and I'm stood on and London
He says sorry, but London is one of my favorite places. I've been going there twice a year for the past 10 years
Oh my god all I can say is oh
Anyway to remedy your lament over no good food in omg stodom you might consider caprese spua strut 240 a tag in food with great any
Postal imposta
Casa de David
Wouldn't you know those Greeks would have a hole in the wall huh?
Right go. Yeah, I don't think he's talking about that kind of a hole in a nice going Alan. Do you ever have a way with words or what?
Hole in the wall with very fresh salads
And if you
They'll talk them right there. Yeah, and they tossed the salad also. Let's see. I'm saturday
The
Greenwood the what? Inuit yeah, that's something like that. It's either into it or inuit are they into it? Yeah, they are if it's in a bottle
They're in a way
No, the Inuit Indians they have this language, but like little
Good answer like this and how do you speak symbol? It's like trying to figure out how
Sanskrit
So finish is that kind of a language you look like that Indian it's got like instead of like tradition
I mean you'll look at some of the names of the streets like regulier beer or I start out
They're like 700 letters. I mean just uh, you know
You just become familiar because the arrow is pointing in the right direction and there's the place called conscious dreams over there
And the youth hostel meeting place and you got some idea that you're getting close to the right part of town
But in a possible language the only great thing being though is that everybody under the age of 100 over there speaks
English so no excuses okay for all you put these you want to go to London because you were afraid to go somewhere they know speak in English
People like that to me are just such party poopers people are to afraid to go like to Italy or to France or any place else because they know speak in English
Go to Italy that's half of the front of it
Because in all the big cities in Italy like Rome and Milan and for insor Florence
They're they're catered. They're geared toward tourism
And so you're going to be a trottery as the little mom and pop restaurants and again many of the places they have little baskets of menus
And they'll have the menu in Italian of course, but also in Spanish and English in uh, Chinese
Lots and lots of Asians by the way in Italy. It'll be like you're promoting by legalism buster
No, I'm promoting smart tourism
As opposed to the guy being French which if you don't speak French they won't yield an inch
You go to Paris if you know if you can't understand a little bit of the menu in French
Forget it because they will not accommodate you. They don't give a crap take your American money and vote out your ass
They don't want to know from you
But in Italy you go to any place and they will accommodate you whatever English it would a language you speak because they watch your money good business
Here's a mobile in for a lot of deal. Hello. Neil good morning. Yes, sir. How are you great? Well
I worked the fetch of the subject you were just talking about about racial and so forth
My wife of the past 15 years prior to me uh, marrying her she was assaulted twice
By black men. Therefore she has uh, black the borders. Both of them
Wonderful children. Both of them married and well one of them is we don't write now
But uh their kids are white
Now imagine the dogs are complexed uh
Mother where's that the the children one time somebody's through
Is the same as a white man is the same as an Asian is the same as anybody else absolutely
And like I told someone a long time ago that person you just called the uh the one the epithet the n word
That maybe that end will save your life one day mm-hmm and
That's what I have to say Neil great. Well, we love you. Have a great life. Bye. Bye. Sure
Okay, we have an open don't forget this Saturday
New Year that our promotion department and ourselves the manager all these people are working feverishly with Carol
It's in a one to make sure that if remember we raised the 20 grand for Phil
On his CD for a charity that doesn't even not even hear it's a lost annualist charity
And we raised 20 grand for Phil like in a few weeks like in no time at all
And then and I'm gonna say this in all honesty. I love Philly's a great talent
All you can eat Negro that one bit on there's one of the funniest things in a history of Ancine
There are a couple of other cuts on there that are you know pretty amusing and the rest of it is
You know you can take it or leave it. You know what I'm saying
Have we ever had to be clicked for any other cut on that CD ever? No, no more group is your thing
What is it? Margarit beats your kids. Yeah, Marley that now that's another one's pretty good
But I mean it's so I'm not knocking but I'm saying that there's that one great fit on there
But we got a thousand of those sold in a heartbeat in a few weeks
20 grand no fuss no must your problem
But here we're trying to do our own thing and man
Are we having problems up the old record two open lines indeed. Why am I hello?
Hey, good morning. Yeah, sir. Uh, will you hang up on me if uh
If you keep talking like this. No, if I disagree with you about what
Well, I'm looking because I
I can't get a good beyond
Yeah, yeah, sounds like you're already taken one of the phone okay
Open line and uh, brown one go over to Britain okay
They'll sympathize with the most of the British haven't had a good in years
That's why they have that constipated mentality plus they can't get they can't cut the umbilical cord man
They can't get rid of that royal family
Which is why the men over there are like pussy and sissy all of them
Well, that's the big sex scandal by the way
Find out our girl these uh, mitochondase in the British cabinet you read about that
For them now date brits. Yeah
Isn't that it redundancy
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach. Hello great can't wait
Okay, two open lines and date two and brown or five six seven oh five sixty
prom five sixty on the 18t wireless line
Just breathless for that
Here's a mobile in pember pine. Hello. Hello there. Yes, sir. Have a question and a comment. Yeah
Somebody the other day you use a lot of you to spray this not me
I think it was like a
Praise the sympathy or something but it was like hot so boys something like that. Cox a hoist
Yeah, what does that mean? That means taking good is what that means
Is it really yes?
Tell us about what I expected well, what do you think it meant? Well, no, I had no idea what it meant
You think it had something you were like Brian Cox
No, I no no no. I was somebody I
What are you doing and I said well, I'm my
Somebody passed away and whatever else and they said oh and that's what they said that's what it's not like they said
Yeah, that's what you say when somebody tells you that
I loved one passed away just on coxah hoist
Okay, we have two open lines and oh, there's so many goyem in so little time
It's 1154 waterdale and beat that jator meat
At 560 WQM. I got Hank Goldberg coming up at two from Schulistake two the Booster Ritz six Ed Kaplan at 10
We got 400 open lines for you here today
560 560 pound 560 on the mobile one line
Mobile in four-letter deal. Hello
Mobile in four-letter deal
Going once
Going twice have a great life
Here's a lady in Perrine hello
Yes, ma'am
Can you give one to me what is okay?
What is so kiss? Yeah, it's a holiday
Okay, well, that's over all I can tell you is a holiday out to over and it just sounds very funny
And I'm very funny and I want to say it but I got to know what it is and it comes to every year
It just just like some of us where you come is every year. Okay, no, I love you
Make me laugh out loud. Okay. Bye. Happy circus. Thank you. Okay, see you
You don't need home untouched and non-circus. We got to get these go. I'm educated out there for crisis
And maybe we'll have like a real do you call in and tell us what circus really is?
Give us some of the background bubble my seas behind circus because every Jewish holiday just like everybody else's holiday
It's got to have a sufficient amount of bubble my seas fairy tales behind it
Otherwise, what's the point of celebrating?
Sookus and you know, I'm Kipper and we got the Shavuas and we got Simha Stora and we got Purim and we eat the Haman Toshin
We got some really great neat holidays
And the only reason that there's you I'm Kipper the day of a tumble when everybody's supposed to fast is to make up for all the other Jewish holidays when you're supposed to pick out
It's kind of like the yin and the yang you have to like balance it on. So what am I gonna have for lunch here today by the way?
Well, what do you like agonizing reading your hands about it since I noticed you already ate?
I just hadn't left overs from yesterday's left over one Greek salad speaking of the Greek Greek salad
Oh, by the way the rumor is that they're lined up at the tourist bureau office now
They're all in a way to Amsterdam to find that little Greek hole in the wall
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line anybody out there can tell us what Sookus is no what the significance is no
What are the bubble my seas behind it? No, we what do we eat on Sookus? No, we fat no we go slow no
Here's a mobile in Davie. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
Yeah, I was watching your show last night. Oh, you're the one
Hey, I gotta look how do you like that audio? Huh? You must have a good set if you clear this sound
Yeah, hey listen. Can I give you a little bit of criticism about what?
Well, you know just the TV show I think I don't lose about 40 pounds lose the chin and cut that bow off above your right eye
Uh-huh anything else?
Uh, yeah, get a son tan. I've seen better tens on note anything else
Oh, he's got that radio crank up in the back. Okay. Okay. Thank you very much there. I hope you enjoy it
He was the one that wants to show. He's a critiquing. We have an open-minded power
If I end of course you can't even hear the sounds of what does that say about him?
5 6 7 0 5 60. It's like the people with assures when that show first started. Oh, he's wearing a blue shirt today
He's got the orange shirt on tomorrow and then he's got the Puse shirt on Wednesday
That was the extent of involvement in the TV show from the radio audience
I mean we had a lot of people watching out there
But it was a whole different group of people not that people listened during the daytime once was more than enough for them
But there was a whole different avenue of people out there who were actually watching even this asshole who knows exactly where the mole is and what color it is on Tuesday and what shade it is on Wednesday
Etc. Are in salon
Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello. Hey me. What's going on? Yes, sir
Can you take any more criticism today? That's it
You showed you show is great. I know what the hell that guy's talking about
But he's right you could use a little bit of a fun tan. Yeah
Maybe I'm sorry. How about some makeup I could have put on during that show?
I like to hear all those other pasty looking people do
You look like Dwight Lorde down. He looks like he looks like Tara. Yeah
Like I know it listen
Next time you go on vacation you got to put a
Gotta put the best of neon no chance. It's guys kill him. This guy's killing your audience. Oh, yeah
23 years of buildings gonna kill it in one week. I'm all why is that what is he doing to kill the audience?
It's it's uninteresting. There's nothing there. There's no there's no comedy. It's all uh a straight serious talk
About what what are you talking about that was straight?
Heavy issue
Straight pubic here. Yeah, you got it. Yeah, yeah
With you know, well, yeah, well, this guy's got pinky pubic here. Okay. I'm sorry
That's one of the things you need to be working on pala straightening out your goddamn pubic here. Oh
We have an open line and broward all three and date again as we continue just working working this audience working the room working the crowd
feverishly probing and feeling and squeezing
5 6 7 0 5 6 the they're all critics out there. That's one thing. I love about this stuff
They're all critics. They all can do this better. They all look better than I do. They got better complexions et cetera and so on
I got news for I hope for your sake. You look better than I do. I'll tell you that right now
But I've seen many of you and many cases you don't
I've seen lots of you and believe you me you make me look let me say it again like Brad Pitt
And speaking of Brad Pitt, which I mentioned that yesterday the reviews I read about that grotesque
halosha movie
halosha is that another oh
kind of word yes, it is
Joe black deep in the red for struggling universal
Meet Joe black has a long way to go to stay out of the red for universal studios. It says
Trailing weekend box office lead of the water boy in the strongly opening slasher sequel. I still love what you did last summer
Meet Joe black closed 15 million puke
Pookie dollars for a third place debut pretty weak
The Brad Pitt film is far from recovering its production budget of more than 85 million dollars
And the lackluster opening did little to help the hit star of universal now next to last among the major studios in market share
Meet Joe black is a bomb
Maybe lobbamba
With or without Brad Pitt and that's what he brought here
And I do mean phony plot here
You know what it looks like Brad Pitt gotta be walking around with bleep spot here when you look that good
Why do you have to start that wouldn't be like him going on getting a nose job. I don't get it
Paula Jones we understand nice job by the way Paula
job
Monica gave a nice job and she did a nice job. Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello
Hello, yes sir
Well public service announcement if you're driving 994 or 994 i95 the Davy Boulevard you're gonna be stuck in traffic
My car wreck is it still all backed up? Yes sir
Didn't know if there are been announced
But I just wanted to let everybody know it's still all backed up way way back
Okay, okay, we don't stay in hell thank you sir
They had a five car wreck. I was just wondering about that
It must have been a psychic caller there. I was wondering whether I should announce it again because sometime they clear those things up real quick not down here though
Five car wreck northbound i95 approaching Davy Boulevard the two left lanes are blocked two cars overturned
It's a mess and there's an hour ago. The ladies were building up all the way to Gryffindrow and like this guy says it's backed up
So unless you want to be sitting there and there's nothing there a few things in life more frustrating than sitting in a
middle of a wreck going nowhere
One of the only things worse than that is going to a hockey game and fighting out that there's a god
They have soccer game in the orange ball on the same knife
Anybody remember that?
And that there's 80 that they that they scheduled two events downtown on the same night at about the same time
That was real nice, okay
You are Jamaican guys out there was it was it who was it Jamaican and Brazil somebody like that?
Oh, that's right. That's what I got all hostile in neighborhood
Well, you know, I take that soccer ball and
All right, but save the good weed now. What am I having for lunch? This is a dilemma. It's already 10 past noon almost
I don't know when you're in the well. Let's have Chuck. Okay. Let's get there. What's your name?
Stacy's balls
Huh? No sauce
Okay, I don't want to be know nothing about it because the price is right and the service is great and we love Chuck and we love Nisi but no sauce
I actually had a good day on a scale yesterday. How do you like that?
Under 200 let's hear it. Oh, so like I said, let's lose 37 pounds
So I can be skinny like all the other popular people on TV like Lord Asselin Boy used to be in the J. Lino
And that would the renier we used to call him all the time J. Lino. How's really doing by the way? Anybody hear him lately? No, I'm him no more
Here's a mobile in Helen Dale. Hello
Socks is the
Ball festival for harvest. Yeah, that's it. Well, what does that mean? Well, it's like Thanksgiving
It's a harvest festival. Also, it's a good eating holiday
Sure
Okay, thank you sir. So in other words
Just don't eat the pig or you're definitely burning hell. Oh
Yeah, we're gonna be burning in hell on that lake of fire with all these crazy superstitious people need to be locked up and put away for the safety of all the rest of us
please
With all their crazy bubble mice these other stories two open lines in Broward counties for the person because I'm trying to think of anybody who doesn't show on TV
Male or female that I might have a sexual fantasy about besides Brian Rokross
Maybe Candy Corley on CNN speaking to maybe lose two three hundred pounds
See these people have got all these critiques. I hate to break the news to you
But you're looking to people around television if we're in the ones who are very successful
And they're all fat in a reengross test whether it's rosy whether it's a rosin whether it's that obnoxious Oprah
We'd like to guide them human accordion one day she's 400 the next day she weighs 40 pounds
Name me one top-looking person on a talk show on a new show on television one
Could I get back to you? Yeah, get back to me on it Anna
Can't name you one male female indifferent
Which is why people are flipping the channel so much we're desperately looking
That's why pens got a little bit of a number there because they had some naked people in every now and then some of them look pretty good
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Maybe I'll go me out. Yes, sir. Welcome back. Did you get to see the
silly picture game last night? I said did you ever think of this
25 one point a lot of times during the game
25 to seven players on the ice were the ex-bases. Yeah, that's a draw. I think I saw she and the bees are both played great last night
But too bad about that crappy ice again a puck was bouncing around even lies been in the referee were making jokes about it
It was pathetic the quality of the ice is so bad and of course in Pittsburgh
There are hundred and three million in debt there on the verge of losing the franchise again
And they probably can't afford to keep that refrigeration going too cold. You know what I'm saying?
Right, but it was amazing when you think about it. I don't want to go back you to that mean well
And what's the point? What's the point you can't live in the past?
That's what they made a million mistakes here. What can I tell you?
25 percent of the players who are on the ice okay, we're gonna say that. Thank you
Okay, we got two calls left in the board. This guy just blew them all off. Thank you very much sir
He keeps saying the same thing over and over again. It's it's aimed. It's boring
Thank you history struck a play great last night. I sure as hell wish we had him on the pan through still hell of a player
And even with the crappy ice he was the one guy must have the must have had the right blades on his skates last night or something
He was smoking he was flying up and back in and out all over the goddamn place nice going Marty. There's a real player for you
But you know just sitting here and whining and crying about the same spilt milk over and over again
You argue a Sunday the fires will be here. There'll be the visa. We had that woman to call up yesterday
She's gonna be there Sunday rooting for the visa. What kind of a fan is that?
What kind of a fan is that? I mean, I like the visa. Okay. He gave us a lot of good games never stole a freight train
He's got a great relationship with God
But you know, so what's the big deal? I'm gonna root against us because the visa is gonna be
I hope we score 10 goals on a filly on Sunday
Shocked a hell out of everybody
She's gonna be there rooting for the visa. You know people. I just want to go and and have a lot of spite and well
What's the point that would be like my bringing at no B.M. Side of the arena on Sunday. Am I gonna be doing that? Uh-huh just like
If that sound guy acts up again, I never talked about that the fact that that asshole sound guy was the one that played that
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, he was going responsible for that abhorrent act and got into a lot that a lot of trouble about it
What's his name? Dave star. Yeah, who used to work here by the way and got canned so they tell me because he was not too great
Yeah, but I'm not even that good you divorced an ad
Two open lines in date county five six seven oh five sixty but that's one or four forty one and I was very
Wrote with the best sums in the history of the human race and great meets and great all kinds of stuff and great people too by the way
An excellent unbeatable service
Here's a mobile in South Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, let me ask you something if you hate it so much down here
The why do you say what what does that mean you you listen to the show every day? Yeah, and so what's your problem?
I mean, but there's I mean there's other places worth the course in Southwest Florida. I mean, what?
Southwest Florida
Well, you talk about how you're really in song are we are what are you talking about naples? I don't live in naples
I live in South Florida southeast Florida the gold code the old coast
I don't know I just think you're a little too hard on the
I'm too hard now you get a personal suraction
How do we go down here you're from down here? Yeah, and then you're happy about what's happening to this town
You like the way things are here now? Oh like everything. Well, not that bad compared to what?
Oh compared to Farge of Nevada compared to where?
Get this guy a map in a compass. Okay another dummy. Oh
Farge of Nevada
We're in southwest Florida. I'm always complaining about sir
I'm gonna tell you something you're a perfect example of why some of us are pissed off about down here
If you could tell stupidity by the outman be billionaire. We could retire midnight tonight
Perocchio dumb people and never got out of the guy then who think the whose idea of a big great trip a hot vacation
Is a trip to singar Island
That's their idea of a wild time in the old town
And you know and you know this is the sad part about it most Americans you give them a map and you say okay point out in New York state
The point out Florida even people who live in Florida. They can't find it and on the map either
Just to look at something on the map that looks like you're shlawing okay. It's drooping down there. There it is
That's Florida. Okay, it's drooping
And of course every time Florida takes a yeah shoots off another one. There's a little Caribbean islands down it. That's right
Just like say lawn or shrewy Lanka or whatever it is India took a big dump and there it came that little turret of an island down there
Of all those 10th world people
We have an open line and Dave one in India still has the number one movie industry in the world. Are you aware of that?
I ever heard that I watched Donna. Hey, they got a very big thing over there. I'm glad that I mentioned that they have a
Moon movie about two lesbians
Yeah, in India and well very
Totally unanswered what?
They got that comma sutra. They're big of the sex
It's not like that. They're not saying that they're not big in the sex, but they're quite surprised that for them
This is the first time there's been a even public recognition of female homosexuality
And they have a big guy dyke movie going on over there in India. So let's hear it for the Indians
Chamo Ramar whatever his name was the Indian boy on the elephant remember that on the Andy divine show before you were born course not
What how can we get a copy of that movie?
And you remember when on a bus to brown show he used to say talk your magic twang or froggy
Now you can't if you said that on the year today go straight to jail. Okay. That's the way it isn't America today
Industry parts of society we got what?
Sabled the Indian boy. Yeah, we used to ride on the elephant. He blew all his money on booze by the way
He did?
Two stories got a lot of money for the couple of movies he made and uh, direct it all but I thought he was an Indian boy from India not from not from
Eccalaureate or somewhere
I'm Tony those Canadian Indian guys. They got a big alcohol problem. I'm not not getting money to understand
What do you think they got what do you think?
Molson's is making all that money up there in LeBat
LeBat's making so goddamn much money. They were able to buy out hockey night in Canada from Molson because all those Indians up there
I got those long cold nights
That's right
Gold leaf skull baby. Oh, then the caps tonight
Now we're talking some serious crap
26 past known as QA
Better ask your fellow courtman, Angela Pai
With some day, even if you're a guy 1231 at 560 WQN
We have two open lines and date
You know that guy that called a minute ago they got to need to accomplish in a road map that
Functionally a literate human being or excuse for one. That's some leave thereof
I'd like to know what it is that I say about this town
What is it that I express about the way businesses done here or any other comments?
I have about the way people drive here the way they're intolerant to each other about the politics
What is it I said I say that's wrong
I'm always hearing that well if you don't like it so much why'd you go someplace else well because I don't feel like it okay because I'm making out here okay
Even in spite of the stress level in fact, maybe I thrive on it. Maybe I'm a masochist
But I'd like to I'd like for somebody to tell me what it is that I exaggerate about is there anybody out there that believes that the way
Business is done in this town is the way it is any place else in America. No any other civilized play. No way Jose
But I'm open to suggestion okay. I'm sitting here. I will listen very
patiently to any other illiterate guys like him
Or they're pulled like girlfriends and wives. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hi, how are you doing? Is anybody okay sir?
Good. I was calling in regards to you asking if there are any talk shows that look quite attractive
Yes, not that they're super models, but I think leaves the gigans and Maria Osman are quite attractive Maria Osman
Yeah, I think so
Okay
Lisa's okay. Yeah, I just don't like the way she says Lisa
Oh that in the lipstick gotta go. Mm-hmm. Uh, that's it. Just going to know forget about Ricky Lake
Oh, no, not on my boat like I said
Our great day
Okay, open line and Broward to and date. I'm waiting. Come on. Let's hear it. Niels too critical
Okay, we're sick and tired all his belly. I can't tell him what the way it is
Let's just straighten his ass out here today while he's in the middle of a great lunch from Chuck's sub center
Meet balls and cheese and onions. Thank you. Thanks, Nisi
What is this good stuff? Hmm?
Pure Actions too by the way
Let's hear it second day on Actions. Oh
I could actually give you the hours, but the you don't want to hear about it
Here's a mobile and poor lotterdale. Hello. Hey long time second time caller. All right Neil
How about am gigante? She's pretty sweet. Ham gigante? Right who is that?
All channel seven out of watch channel seven. Oh, she's a good looking little lady. She is sweet as Brian Andrews
Probably not that's wait. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. Are we gonna go through this now? I'm so sorry I asked that question
Open line and Broward all day five six seven oh five sixty. I should probably play some music so I can enjoy my lunch and piece, you know
All seriously they got nothing to say now. I asked some very, you know, I put them on the spot
I
And invited them to call and tell me where I'm wrong. They just don't have the courage of their condition
Oh, he's too negative that god damn bag Neil. He you know he tells us the way he sees it
We love everything about this time. We like to fix elections. We like the god damn make illegal aliens driving on the road
We like all this crap. Come on. Let's hear it
We may have it a good time like magic Johnson man
I'm so good on my god damn meatballs
Don't forget the cheese buddy
That you know something that is the worst sounding piece of crap in the history of the human race
26 years ago now there's something that should have been left in the dustbin of musical oblivion
And here we are 25 or 26 years later while Gary Glitter is fighting these pedophilia charges or whatever it is
And and their plan is that every god damn sporting of it is if this is some kind of a great recording
Wouldn't you rather hear like Motown at a ballgame
Anybody I'm just just for example if you're gonna take old music from the 70s
Or how about the beast boys? How about fun fun fun? How about something you know
That'll get the crowd going a little bit, but something that you might want to hear again someday as opposed to
It's next out and all the music is sour it's just goaded as thick as it's crap
Hey
Oh my god all that glitters is old make no mistake about it
Here's a mobile miny. Hello
Hello, yes sir
I just got something I wanted to say you were talking about Canadians and now I'm a Michigan or
Originally now I live in Florida. Where were you from? I'm from
Blinkville Hills. How ride okay?
We used to go on the weekends you'd go up the canter because drinking a beer there you go
That's why I was just making a comment about most of the guys over there drunk anyways right that's right
I just take it you gotta be to look to those long cold winners, baby
Go see on the peace bridge the ambassador bridge there you go. Okay, see on the s-ill for Expressway
Maybe oh there's nothing like Detroit used to be
Anybody here dick Burton call me the other day no
Well, that was that was the highlight of my birthday hearing from dick Burton
We have two open lines in brodered five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
Let's get with it. Let's hear about it all the good things about son for to let's be more positive here
Anybody want to do that? No, let's get with it now that guy had a great point even though he didn't know where the hell
He was on the math on the earth on the globe
Yeah, I mean you talk about education system in America that that's an I see more on American education. There's no such thing
People I can't even look on a goddamn math and know which state like where is Missouri on the map, huh?
Missouri what the hell is that
It's the show me state ain't it? Isn't Missouri the show me state? Please say it is yes
Well show me on a map where goddamn misery is all care find out well
Maybe a city like besides St. Louis in Missouri, huh?
Maybe one besides Kansas City the one that's not in Kansas
Here's a mobile and Wilton manners hello
Hey, they all have a guy great you're gonna think I'm a freak
But uh, you know when you're free to me, huh? You know when Russell is on CNN. I used to work with little Russell at WKAT
She used to be my program director. I think that she is L T so after
She's getting pretty old. I hate to break the news, but she's like 50, but I think she's well preserved. She's very well preserved. You're right
Can I call for me a douchebag? Go ahead George Cory you are a douche bag and you are right you are free
Kevin Rayte for up. Okay. We have an open line. I mean the Glenn Russell
But that's the way guys are I mean they're a lot of sexual guys and there are a lot of fags too
I mean they don't really care what it's connected to a face here
That gets him that's enough for them and guys they see all I have to just get that sniff in here and right away
They're like turned out. They're like a like a flagpole baby
I mean you have you can be whatever you want to be. It's a free world to a point
But Jesus Christ try to be a little bit discriminating will you?
People that get all-hunting bothered about very very marginal people
About people that you wouldn't touch with somebody else's hand
Like Paul Castro noble by the way he'll be on channel 10 tonight
What when you're lab? I'm trying to promote that thing for them. Okay my close personal friend Diane Magnum
Who by the way happens to be a real sweetheart? She's really nice. I love you at Diane
She's a real nice person. That's the first time I ever met her. She's great
And maybe that'll make the piece better that they do it on me tomorrow night 11 o'clock on channel 10
No, she knows I don't watch channel 10 news, but at least this time we're watching
Park Astor Nova is gonna be on there tonight. I'll be at the track. Sorry Paul
I won't be able to hear you talk about how you steal all of us about material
Before he sure did some great things didn't either in his
Yeah, he sure did one or two are really great things in all years. He's been here
21 before one at five six
Q a.m
Neil god
MTV presents nine inch nails unplugged
I want to you like
It's not on
How come this isn't working
You knocked over my bonge
Nine inch nails I'm club only on MTV 1245 at five sixty WQ and I take back what I said before
I did finally think of a news person who I think is very very very very very good looking and of course
Most of you guys would agree because you're probably straight
Bill Hummer on CNN
Hammer Hummer I call him Bill Hummer. You don't of course you know who he is he's on in the morning doing the news on CNN every morning
Bill Hummer with the glasses when he takes the glasses off he really looks great and he puts him back on his Clark Ken
And then when he sits in that funny little cheer with a wheels on it then he's a Christopher Reeve
Oh, thank God I haven't played that thing in a long time huh very poor taste
Two open lines in that what's wrong with Bill Hummer?
There we go. I'd like to see him make it to open online look at this
I'm telling you man like I said before it's hopeless
Every line in the board was lit up you go in one of those goddamn long ponder's breaks and you come back
There is just not the dedication anymore
You know we can blame the management here and these greedy salespeople and school and and this one in that one
But the fact is that it's the audience out there
Like they got something important going on in your lives. Which do we believe that? No, of course not
But they just don't that they haven't made the commitment as Jesse Jackson would say you've been having to make the commitment
And you just do I be willing to do it God damn it
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello
Hi
What is it Neil yes sir come on I'm hanging in there. It's been about an hour
11 a minute and 36 seconds anyway first of all I'm from Western North Miami Beach
He used to be from Las Vegas North Dakota. Uh-huh. That was a real pretty. Yeah, that's right next to Binghamton, Iowa. Yeah
um
I love you. I think you're wonderful and I've got to be a freak because I think leader rascal is way
Really is very deceptive though. You have to like she's pretty scrummy well
If they ever saw her in person is she she appears like she's really fallen
If he's tall and scrum or if he's not built at all she's got very scrum
Oh my god. She used to be married to Jim Dunlap by the way used to work on a station back in the rocket world
As she was married to uh this job. I'm hard work
You know that she is not like I said she's like a like a water melon and she's the hottest thing going. Oh my god
She makes Pamela Lee look like
Minotaurist well. I love you. I enjoy the show. I'll wait forever. Okay. All right
Well
Till wait forever for Lynn Russell. Oh
You're about Lynn Russell in Jim Altman WKAT. Let's hear from some of the old KAT listeners. Are we want to hear from them? Oh, they're all dead
Two open lines and date one and powered five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line
I'm still waiting. I gave you an open invitation. I gave you a blank check boys and girls that guy that one very
Articular guy who didn't know his ass from the math
He had a very good point that is on two god damn negative. He's from here
And he resents the fact that I'm so critical of so many that god damn unacceptable things down here
And I want you to tell me where I'm wrong. I want to be steered in the right goddamn erection, okay
Unlike Don I'm obsessed with that bum steer. I'm I'm serious if he don't stop talking about his wife and little baby
You know, what what is the new thing now in the 90s old farts heaven kids little kids
Have you noticed this 20 Martin? I think there's the one who started it. I'm not Tony martini randall and
And I like Tony randall Tony randall is a good liberal. He's my kind of guy is a great guy
And he's a funny guy, but he's a hundred years old. He keeps making little babies for Christ's sake
And I don't I'm a who makes Tony randall look like a teenager. He's got this little kid
And all he does is talk about his little kid and his wife and about the Fred on the farm
And who had the calf out there and which kind of was the whole steam and a Bernstein for whatever he's talking about and this guy's making millions and millions of dollars and you talk about looking bad on television
Like I said yesterday. This is a dead man in a chair
a dead man
And yes, he does have a lot of if you ever watched it on MSNBC and you see he's got he's got the news guy
Who's going all the facial here now who is he's a good news guy is okay, but he adds nothing
He adds nothing to the show. He has nothing to say
And he just he just keeps sucking around and calling him i-man all the time
But he has nothing to say then he's got the board off who every now and then opens up a post
And he's got some other guy sitting in the back there which I know I and then there's also the sports guy
They got about a half a dozen people on that show
And he still looks like a dead man in a chair and he's still all in all the media types then rather
I mean every single one of them
Because all of us said my miss instead of being funny like he used to be he came a political curmudgeon
A little too far to the right for most of us but nevertheless a political curmudgeon
And so now all of a sudden he's the darling of the of the media based on what I have no idea unless they all like a vulture
Mobile in the key. So hello
Hey Neil how are you? Great. Hey listen out there was one reporter that was so good looking
I became a channel 10 news convert but she hasn't been on a month. I can't remember her name. She was a tall
Then we're in that short hair look like she was half with you know half angle
I'm not a squeal or just yeah, but they must have to ship right here. She was too good looking
Uh, I'm a
Is I thought was the ugliest man in America and he is a skeleton in the chair, but web hubble makes him look like Brad Pitt
Yeah, but web hubble don't have a TV show
Wow, and I don't think we still get stuck seeing him when he's in the nose. So
One more good looking news report on the NBC does the DC reports is
I don't know who that is
So it could be a friend. Okay, see you
Happy circus to all the goyam in the audience by the way. I love that thing. I'm CNN around the BBC
With that is really won't said America just leave us alone. Don't interfere. Okay, you're goyam. That was nice nice going sweetheart
It was so I actually got sexual excitement from hearing somebody else and in the media use the word goyam
I mean, I just
I loved it
In fact wait wait till they start talking using the word sparts are on you then I'm ready to get excited
Here's Cooper city. Hello
Deal. Yes, sir. How you doing today great. I have a math question for you. I'm not the air question
Are what a math question for you in an off the air question. What are we off the air?
Some I don't want to put on the radio
How am I going to do that? I don't know
What's the guy go to you for advice? Yeah, what's the question?
Um hockey game Stanley
A 50 for pizza fun pick it up. It brings me at 650 in the club sessions. Yeah
Right now it's for me. I would uh, I'd call a pizza lock having delivered right to your seat
By the way, I'm in section 101 that lady you called yesterday that wants to come by and stuck around on Sunday
I said 106 because it's uh, you know habit. Of course, I have it used to be 106 in the order enough
I'm in 101 lady. I mean the man sweetheart
So how come he didn't want to ask you out on the air?
Or he want to ask for a date is that who that was?
I don't know he sounded about the right age to me
Send a picture pal. I'll let you know. I'm pretty busy right now
We have an open-minded brother at 567 line. Do you believe that I'm pretty busy? No, of course not
Not here. Here's a mobile in high alia. Hello
Neil. Yes, sir
Independence
You want another pound in Missouri? Yeah
Independence in Missouri. Yeah, didn't know where Harry Truman was from? That's exactly where Harry Truman was brought. What a genius I am, huh? Give him a hell of Harry
Right
They somebody out here does know geography. Harry wouldn't screw around with sad about that boy. He'd bomb him into the Stone Age
All like you wouldn't believe bring back Harry
Not from the home of Harry. No, he's black. Tim. He ticked Monica's out of the office. That's right
We bring back Harry. Do you ever see best Truman by the way? Oh my god. He was she made she made the
Sandy Crowley or whatever her name is from most CNN look like a midget. She must have weighed 600 pounds easy
That's that big I thought she was the okay
Bring back herium. What's the oh and Zull sleeping dogs lie including Margaret is Margaret Truman still alive? Do we know? No
Open-line a day one in broad in piano though that Margaret
Let's bring back all the old days head Sullivan show come on. Let's go back to her in a clock bag
To when we had good time when we had realistic TV on air like Aussie and Harriet
And father of being no one the best
and all they and
What was his name the great gilder sleep. Let's bring back all of those shows where nobody ever went to work every day
See on the soap opera is now. It's very realistic because every soap opera they hang out most of the time in the hospital
We even got one called general hospital and we used to have one called the doctors
Which went off the air because now what's it in they used to play alphia?
She's busy on that other show before guiding light another whatever it is as the world of the warm turns
She used to be alphia on the doctors, but even if it's not a show called the hospital
They spent all their time in the hospital close by to the hospital
They got tubes in their nose tubes in their rectum all over the place
Because you got to have a lot of tourists to keep the soap opera people happy
We have an open-line in power now the first suggestion here about how I'm wrong about South Florida
I shouldn't know when a guy started talking about how I live in southwestern Florida and then bringing Naples into the equation
What that was at all about is anybody know no
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Yeah, how you doing okay sir?
Very good sir very well so far up to this moment
That's good. I well sometimes I think you don't go far enough when you're complaining
There's so much other things that are wrong here. Well go ahead. Lay it on me. I'm eating lunch. Go ahead
I hate the fact that I was I because I was brought up very respectful and very generous to people and I always say excuse me
Thank you
Even when you just let someone pull out front of you they don't end you be like and you can be a man
Right
You know
Always do that. I always give a little wave a little thing and
Knowledge it's another one of those ways of being pleasant and I open the door and they don't say thank you
I'll make sure they hear me say you're welcome. Uh-huh. Yeah, just people are still there
Right and I love you now and God bless and back to you
Okay, see there the guy is right. I haven't even scratched the surface yet. So starting tomorrow
We're going to be doing a series of 75,000 shows in a row on which we bitching grape and carry on about every goddamn thing
That's wrong in his style. All right
And we can thank that guy that boy that called before who's still looking for it on the map
I'm sorry. I mean maybe I'm just uh, I'm not so smart believe me. I was so smart. I wouldn't be here
But when I think about the average truck out there that can't even find a place on a map
God, I mean forget about a country like that guy to call the other day talking about wasn't I worried about all the stuff going on in
Iraq when I was in Amsterdam?
Have you ever looked on a map and seen how far uh Amsterdam is from Iraq?
Huh, I mean I've seen a racquetoo in Amsterdam mostly in those windows
seen lots of rags
Many of them very ugly by the way, but there's also for a some very attractive young ladies knows windows
what
Very clean
Regularly inspected supervised above board
Not spreading disease not doing drugs
More power to him. Yeah, just not for me
Well, I'm not saying it's for you. It's not for me either. Okay, so there's something we're sharing common
And I'll tell you this much anybody who goes to Amsterdam has to pay for sex there other than alcohol
Thing which we can understand that very easily, but anybody besides him
I mean, I don't get that at all. I don't understand it
1256 and 5
Q-A-F the Neil Roger Shutdown
In through one to two hours
Oh
104 or 560 WQ Emmits are gigantic one to two hour we got Hank at the
Shoolestake two at two o'clock. We got Bruce Shambay who's developing his own niche
Oh, he is he's developing his own thing is what I understand and maybe even get his hair dyed
Don't be along a sticks and any of the K over here for all you gambling degenerates kind of clock tonight
Don't forget all your kids out there. There's nothing worse than gambling
Just keep to the station you'll find out
Here's coconut grove hello there Neil. Thanks. Oh, thanks a lot for taking my call. Yeah, thank you
Letting me contribute a little bit to the show which all the people take for granted
Just went to your retire. It'll be crying. Mm-hmm. Anyway, a couple of weeks you're right
You know, there's this guy, but I know they met at your place. You heard this guy. What is his name? The met at your place
The met at your parents and he's the assistant
Some kind of a spict to me exactly. Yeah, the assistant superintendent for the county public schools. Yeah
If Nick Neil you got to listen for here this guy speak English
Unfor-lea-war. How can a guy like this without position no higher? No spitting ways. Oh man
I wish I got a tape it and call you back so you could freaking freak out. Yeah, I mean that so I could freaking Frank
And and you'll be being under radio is certain things. He's just unexplainable
You know, I just you got the girl they think just astonishes me. He might he must have the drawers full of naked pictures
And I think I think he's got the whole the b-rees with the sheep collection. I think he's got those
This guy besides being the assistant superintendent for the county public schools
Yeah, he also punched private schools in Bay County
By the name of I think the name of the schools are Jose Matatine school
And he comes the best part
Now they're saying that the guy is using the public school books in his schools
How do you like that? What does that mean? You know the schools that they use for public schools in public schools
Yeah, he's using those books in his schools in his private schools
Well, what did I have? Ain't costing him a dime probably. Why is the other words?
He's appropriating them from the public schools. That was your saying right exactly grown unbelievable
Neil can you play two quick things for me that I love when you put them on the lady the girl that says it's the American effort way
And that's the American way yeah, and also the the lady says oh my god
Now you mean the one that drive the old lady. Oh my god. Oh, man
It makes my Johnson stretch when I listen to that. Okay, pal. Thanks. Joe. I have another dream
He's dreaming he's stretching it. We have an open line in the date, but what was he talking about?
The Nicario that is Paris Paris
You see one thing. I let me just tell you this about Hispanics
And that is the Hispanic men although I listen to the women do it to some of them
I guess they're just doing it to try to act bouches well. Maybe that's a message or signal
But the the rolling of the R is very definitely a macho thing
It's part of that whole machismo mentality of Hispanic men
And the more like if you say Joe
Royo if you can really roll it if you can dig down deep
Cario, but it's only a single R
You're not supposed to roll it
You're not supposed to roll it. That's not what they say in this neighborhood. Yeah, well anything you get your hands on
That doesn't make it well. They always say that though Joe
Cario you well, no, it's not just me everybody calls him Joe Cario
That's the nicest thing they call him all right. So what's the word with two ours?
Perl like dog
Borrero
That's it. Borrero. I do I do that very well. I do my rs extremely well. Almost like a real macho guy
Borrero
Stop that for yeah for old you for a fag and then there's always
Orlando like to roll him right out on the carpet
Haven't seen him in a long time. You don't wonder whatever happened to him. Maybe you'll have to bring a stevey bowler back
Just so we find a Orlando again. Here's my new beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. What's up? Hey, don't sir. Yeah, you sound like you just
Brazen. Yeah, it's a Julio here in the beach
I got a lot of Jewish friends so I picked it up throughout the years
I know that the guy from the Spokane is the group with a gang right the whole family. Yeah, uh-huh
Okay, we have an open line in date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the
18 T wireless line
That's what Bubba said the sucker the sucker's all nobody said something like that
The not the mishpuffer it all ties in together
You know since September I've been taught. Let's hope he's not eaten too much over there. Oh god almighty
Here's a mobile in poppano hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Well, I'm in sunrise now. There's a sunrise
Just want to let you know it's not from Hong Kong
19 hours of flying Jesus Christ and the economy class of the 747
Yeah, five hours from Miami to San Francisco four hour over the line 19 hours you flew in schlepper class
I went five hours from Miami to San Francisco. Yeah, I had a four hour overway
Fourteen hours to Hong Kong. Yeah in economy. Was it we're heading for to do things?
Yeah, and I'll tell you what the best view I had there in 10 days
Ruth's Chris
How do you want that?
Unbelievable. I thought that I said that's where I'm going to be all right. There you go the other thing that's looking woman on TV. I'll reach your table
Got it. I'll take your word for it. Okay. Welcome back. Good luck, you sir
Now, that's interesting because he was talking about I brought that up a couple of times on here and again because I'm dealing with so many
Perocule people down here who never get like out of town
Uh, it's not a figment of my imagination
Has nothing to do with people who don't bathe it has to do with skin pigmentation and people in different parts of the world have different body odor
Not all of them, but many of them people from the Middle East people from India people from the Far East people
Many of them
And of course it raises the question what do a white people smell like to them?
What do black people smell like?
To them
We have an open line and date one and breath
No, you see you were one of the people I can't give me a bunch of crap about it has to do with people not taking a bath
That's not what this subject is about it has to do with the fact that people in different parts of the world have different
Skin pigmentation and they smell different
And if you're one of them you smell fine. You don't uh, I get I would assume
White people think to the asians that well, that was my point
All right, the reason we're having such a bad problem with the Isis these guys and buildings they making a two-page for hockey arenas
Uh, they have the same problem in Boston and state problem in Chicago. Yeah, the newer readers are where they have an worst problem
But what about Pittsburgh? That's not a new arena that I sterilized that was the was some of the worst I've ever seen in my life
The puck was dribbling like a goddamn volleyball
Well, that's because nobody has a brain to set their status up any higher up in Pittsburgh
Most of them try to stay on electric up there too because they can't pay the bills
Yeah
You've got to save the
Success if your maple leaves right now because I don't think that's gonna
Hold on for very long. Well, I mean, yeah, you never know who now knows they're playing pretty damn good
Of course the only problem is they got home and home next weekend with Buffalo coming up or this weekend
And then you got Boston and Pittsburgh
Yeah, they've never had to deal with them, you know
Year after year. When you're talking about they they split those two with Pittsburgh
They spank the heck out of six to four in the first game
Yeah, but they didn't do two elegance blossom now
One game what a one game doesn't make a lifetime. Yeah, but you know it's gonna happen
Yeah, I do know you're halfway through the year. They're the accordion act. I know lucky for them
They have a very very good goalie and we don't and uh by the way
I want to break the news to you but Curtis Joseph
Hasn't been worth no six million dollars. He hasn't played that great in fact Felix potpan a few games that he's played
He's got a very well one lost record and Curtis Joseph is gone
I'll take pot down over Joseph's panning time. Well, I don't want to be a douchebag. Go ahead. Hey Jimmy go me and you're a douchebag. All right
We have an open line and date one and a guy. It's a hockey guy. Oh, I can't do that. Oh
five six
Here's Pembert Pine. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, I'm David great
Listen, don't just want to know whether you were a favor to all your life or you can out of the process later date
What does that mean? I don't know. We used train before and then you became a favor little
You don't become it's like saying were you white before you became black?
Are they writing a book or what? They're happened. They wanted to know because they shouldn't get you to it. Oh, huh? Well, tell me you're not my type, okay
And they smell bad two open lines and powered five six seven oh five six the in pound five six the uneoctine two wireless line
Were you always a woman or were you like you know
Were you always uh an Indian or were you like in a previous life were you like from Venus and Uranus
Here's Miramar hello
Miramar
Going once and have a great life. Yeah, the um, that's another thing not only about geography the Americans really bright
When it comes to homosexuality if I think anything about sexuality at all
They are really right on top of it if I can say that. I mean they got the no clue coolest
Open line and date counties line
Waterdale lake. Hello
Oh
Waterdale lakes oh right here. Yes, sir right here
Miss down the first floor. I'm going into a coma here today now just when we build up a little momentum. I'm trying
Um, two things. I want to ask you number one
Which you thought about the plans to
Possibly erect their statue of Wayne. I pinged it down down there
That that evidently came out when I was on vacation. I never heard anything about that. Somebody called about it yesterday
Okay, that was in the paper they're gonna what they want to honor them for some reason
You know, it gives a lot of money to the poor
With something like that. Uh-huh and whether they name the park here
Thanks from the middle class and give it to the poor and like one shade away from Robin
Yeah, he doesn't give much back to believe me
The other thing I got to you is a very very short little poem that I'll help you with your
Hours in Spanish. See and I was taught this I used to teach school up in junean city which had a very high
Cuban immigration and I took it night school for the adults
So one of them took me to soaps to help you with my Spanish and this way goes
Hey, you're new as a Skaterals
Okay, I'll stick with my cigar roll. Yeah, yeah
I'll stick in your heat us. We have an open line in the day one in
Life 670 something old Maribel she didn't last too long as soon as Steve nickel found out that even though she had a great ass
Nobody can miss that once she was talking about
But you didn't have a great ass and you know who else had a great ass and didn't last too long and actually a lesbian. Yeah, her too
Here's a mobile in South Miami. Hello
Hello, new. Yes. How you doing? Okay. All right, listen. Welcome back
What's your name? Welcome back to the water. Yeah. Yeah, and as well as George on your time out. Mm-hmm
It was it was definitely a change of pace, but I feel like it's well infant when you expire or retired
Uh, he'll he'll I'll he'll he'll move right up. Yeah, I'll do well. Uh-huh, and
Right now it's a finger right in the middle of his hand when I went when I went to Spain a couple times
You know, a waiter and a whole bunch of other people came to my table and only one of them
Don't like like what's his name says?
Rimmam
They started and
And oh, that's true because Rimmar said that he was in Paris one time and I asked him how were the French people he said?
They stuck yeah, yeah, and
We all went about the Frenchman up there like you partnered in East-Paf and he said they stuck yeah
We really asked we asked one of the people who didn't think and we asked them
Who you smell some of these people that really now?
That's a good point now. We now we finally found somebody who understands what I'm talking about and then they said
No, we don't we don't we don't notice
Only one out of the three or four people I came to my table not even at the table
The walking by the table were so pulses so I felt like throwing up
I become a fast-fice I hug my nose and and I was in the back
I'm not surprising when it happens at the restaurant and I knew there's one in the end dude who who's very Americanized and
He used a shower with cologne. So I think if they only put the order and cologne
It won't be so offensive. Okay. All right. We'll spread the word
Oh
Oh cologne rhymes with metacone we have an open line of day to a being again now Jesus Christ
This is my sub from Chuss
Yeah, I mean far be it for me to a critique, but I mean you've been eating non-stop since about 920 this morning
Not that it's only 120 or thereabouts. It's only four hours later
It's all from frustration. It's from working for this company boys and girls
You'll eat your cookies out
We just tear your guts out as they continue to find all odds and all common sense by saying
No matter what the topic is
That's right. That's the a bread-read way
So I wanted with that real story is about those salespeople of making all different kinds of commissions
And people threatening to walk out. Yeah, I will say this. I worked with a lot of screwed-up salespeople in my life as you know
But this sales department is the most volatile. I have ever seen they're hired. They're fired
They're in their route and nobody is gone for like more than five minutes quite frankly
Is there anybody that's gone from well when we started from 11 months ago?
I can't name anybody
They're all still here, but they're here like
temporarily
They're here and then they get fired there. They quit and then they come back and it's just this ongoing
Hostile who is it?
Karina
Karina Karina by Ray Peterson. I remember that
He didn't smell too good to open lines. Indeed five real good was Pat Peterson
How does that pat Peterson do when I'm not finding anybody seeing him lately? No
Haven't heard from her in a long time boy you talk about being abandoned
What is it about three four months since we heard from the not-slanding lady and I've even gone out of my way and beg
I beg for what he grraver we got what he grraver
I beg for easy, which is a bad mistake. We finally got Izzy on the goddamn phone. Incoherent as he was
Well, even Sandy remember that we got Sandy that one time which it'll probably never happen again
But our good post personal friend the not-slanding lady that I made famous into a superstar helped her lose all that weight
Changed her life saves her life and we heard from her in a coon's age. Oh, no
Boy, not that I'm bitter. I want you to understand that not bitter about it
I'd you go home and cry a lot
You want the fennel?
This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station
Coming soon
138.560 WQM we have an open line and date two of them five salas Rodriguez in the phony of the day and there was Monday
And then Monday night Alice was on that sports
Crack show on channel 10 where they hit 500 people on it. It was either for like two minutes
Now there is a great young man who is from this community comes back into all this good charitable work
Great guy tremendous athlete a superstar
Seems like a great kid and is anybody talk about him here? No
We hear lots about Jose Can Succo who's a role model like I'm a rocket scientist
Okay, and then of course, you know if the strictly a Cuban thing if Alice Rodriguez were Cuban
His picture would be on the front page of the hero on the front session not this sports section on the front session
Right next to the mass head every day
But he's not doesn't he like from Malorid public opinion to Connor somewhere like that
Well, he's got some god damn nerve him and Sammy Sosa
You're not supposed to be familiar supposed to be from Cuba Cuba Cuba you better get with it Alex
Two open lines in date County five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, how you doing? Okay. All right
This is in reek is high school, buddy
Yeah, and we can go to your fan see see
Uh, it's been a while since
A New York's one for chop and tell you that George did a great job
um
I want now you're the guy that told me used to shower within reek in that he was a definitely not circumcised right right right right
Damn it
Hey, um, I also want to know what really good is uh, what can I get one of CDs on on on those male want songs that you play
On a marijuana songs that I don't put out I joined my friend like John should be good like don't you be good?
That's on the best of it that George is on best of a part one
Good and pre-go to your borders go right down in ring kindle. I'm assuming you're done in that neck of the woods
That's right. They're selling out borders borders and kindle in fact come by Saturday. I'll be there from noon to two
I'll give you a big uh, I'll leave you kiss great
Okay, see you right bring by Enrique by the way. No problem. Okay
We have all three lines in dead county are open five six seven oh five six the pond five six the on the 18 to wireless line
Do they know from Alex Rodriguez in dead county? No, of course not
He's from the wrong uh neck of the woods
Did it make you warm in here is it me maybe it was that lunch? Huh?
Did you get more and I noticed by the way? That's another great thing about not having the tv crew
I don't want them to feel bad because they'll take it personally. We still love them and miss them etc
You believe it but uh, it isn't nice how the temperature pretty much stays the same all the time now
Have you noticed that?
Uh-huh
Here's the pepper primes hello hello meal. Yes. Uh, yeah
I wouldn't ask you a question. We were both an argument about hockey and I figured uh, I'd ask you since you're pretty knowledgeable about the subject
No, I'm not knowledgeable on an expert. Oh, well. Yeah, okay. Yeah, I do
Um, my brother still thinks
That uh now that Dallas's picked up Brett holes are gonna win the west over Detroit and my opinion is Detroit
So I wasn't lost anybody
Detroit's not playing that good right now of course, they you know, sometimes they start out slow
But they're not playing too good now, but am I arguing that to him was that uh, that Detroit still has all the top name players
They still got you know, I mean everybody they've all on two for the past two seasons that they won the championship
Now the problem that Dallas has got is they're never gonna win the uh champion
They never really win the Stanley Cup with Eddie a balfour and then that's never happened
That's true investor. Maybe they can trade for a partner or something. Yeah
No, no way because balfurs make an affortune
They got a gigantic payroll and I can't show them a question of how is the how they gonna deal the way
Pots and if they don't want to get another goalie from they want to get somebody else
How they gonna deal that a lot of they have to have a backup goalie and in the deal
But they I have no idea. I mean when the Montreal traded T-votor Chicago for a hack it two days ago
Oh, that shocked me because the word to continue to be that
Pop that was going to Montreal didn't happen
So I have no but in the meantime he keeps playing you know every like that
We have an open line and Broward to endade five six seven oh five six the goalie skull baby
Right kick those whoever they're playing the caps
rhymes with
Hard times to the Washington cast makes my heart feel so good
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach hello
Global in Miami Beach yes sir
How you doing? Okay, uh listen you'll ask guys to be talking about anybody man
You couldn't hustle yourself around sensory village. Yeah
Meaning what?
Why are you sure? It's your hours to rip off any
Yeah, but you're not only but not only do you listen but you made the effort to call and share your brilliance with us for which
I thank you profusely sir not only do you listen every day, but you also made the effort to call
Which like I said that's above and beyond the call of duty
We have an open line of Dave what in Broward fives and what Ellie's talking about. I have no idea five six seven oh five
60 and pop five six the other 18 to well
And let me say it for the 50,000 time there was absolutely nothing on this show that in any way shape or form it relates to what
Howard does or anybody else does
I know that's very difficult for you to understand sir, but I'm sitting here in a room with the telephone. That's it
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach hello. Hey, no, how you doing? Okay, sir
You know, I gotta tell you it is important, but that's Superman bit is probably one of the funniest things I've heard in a long while
Here that again till tomorrow anyway. Well, I got a question. Can I get a copy that anyway after the internet or anything? No
Or Jay. I don't know if he's got that on there. I doubt it now you know, no thing about the hockey
I also got a spire port, but yeah
Y'all they play him the next day
And the reason I find out is because my wife comes up to the all I heard this on the radio and I'm saying yeah
I heard it yesterday and it's been two or three times where she's good morning show is taking your bit
You're like one
For example last one was the basketball
Support I guess is the basketball well probably talking about Bob and Tom they're playing their bits. So some of which we steal here
Well, I don't I never I was knowing you so I heard on your station
No, they don't have that that's that's their stuff once and while we play one of their bits you got it backwards
I'm sorry and we love Bob and Tom. All right. Thank you. Have a great day. That's for Bob and Tom
They're the best
Sure blow the hell out of Howard. I'll tell you that by a long shot
We have an open line and Broward like well. I don't want to get that we have two or five to eight and one and Broward
Oh, yeah, there's she's right though the dietary habits do I something to do with the pigmentation in the way you smell
Because that curry in fact one day I went down the hall take a dump and I'm sure he's in there unbelievable
Wow talk about a power 96 flush
5 6 7 0 5 60 pop 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
You're worried about the Alex Rodriguez thing
If he were Cuban he'd have a street name after him already
He's not ready to have a city named after him come did what it changed the name of the county
Yeah, the kid is good though. He's good. He's from my my home country myself. See laugh at a public house
I've Republic of Minicana. That's right. I just like the sound of that
I don't want to go there, but I like the way it sounds you should go that if you like it. Oh, yeah
Like the year I'm serious. What would I like it about?
It's good play you got good casinos. Yeah, you like that
Yeah, okay, I'll take your word for you. Okay, get out of here
Open line of Broward all three in Dave County again
We got 13 minutes to go we've actually been able to plot and fumble and mumble our way through four newscasts an hour here to a format
That's absolutely unworkable and impossible to these people here get it. No, they understand it
No, you know anything about like the listenership. No, you know anything about radio
Anything about broadcasting. No, anything about formatting. No, anything about the sales department. No, but anyway
Are they going to get smart anytime soon? No
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 by the way, here's an update now we've gone from one extreme to the other
We're getting updates on our center one total every five minutes
62,000
$29 as of right at this moment
Still got an awful lot of those borders
Dollars to come in yet to be collective yet
Like most of it. I mean, you know, it's kind of a sad comment here. We're doing a promotion. We got to send
Luca Brasi in a whole bunch of
Of his henchmen down here to put the muscle on to collect the cash
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's a lady in mobile in bouquet. Hello
Neil yes, man. Hi
I heard and add for
Computer retazons or run about computer. I can't think I went down there last week and I can only tell you
I'm thrilled great. I bought a laptop from them. They were helpful. They ran me through the whole thing
I mean I I
What several computers but never had just much attention
Yeah, they are great. You go to one by home depot there. Yeah, the one on um in Davie right yeah and does
So I wanted to thank you for sending me there because it was good the other thing is um
Unfortunately, I hate to admit it. I received a letter from the Marlins, you know blah blah blah you've been with us six years
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
I just seen the letter. I was gonna fax it to you. Yeah, I want to have your facts over but I was gonna
Because the letter is such a joke and uh 650
Yeah, 0198. That's 305 650 1198 0198 right okay
And the last thing is it's not last week but the week before I was driving around doing some errands
And you made me laugh so hard that I pooped in the car really yeah a real honest to god in the car
Congratulations
Like oh my god. Yeah, well if it was good enough for me. It's good enough for you
Okay, well thanks have a good day and back to you. Okay, bye. How do you like that? She
Her pants we have an open line in broder at 600 and date 5 6 7 0 5 60
05 60 on the 18th you wireless line 10 till 2 at QAM
5 60 Q
8M oh my gosh
Uh, how do we know that that was coming huh talk about telegraphing it
Talk about a telegraph job. Just just put up a big billboard sir
Two open lines and date one and brown over one line. Maybe you can be as articulate and bright as this last color
We didn't get on a year
Here's Hollywood hello
Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I just want to thank you. Can't hear you. Hello. Yes. I just want to thank you for joining in great public service
You hear me I'm listening. Okay, okay, uh
You uh, I was going on 595 and uh as soon as you said on 1,195 as you said
There is a big back up. Yeah, which over to 441 and I just saved my whole day great just from
You're so keep doing
God bless you people people listen to you and have a great life all right you too man. Stay up there. She highway
5 car wreck on i95 northbound a couple hours ago approaching baby Boulevard. I probably still amest two left lanes
We're blocked two cars overturned delays. We're back it up to Gryffind Road
We're in probably still are at state of hell away. Okay, when it comes to the hercy highway just state of hell away
Or speaker that I saw sunny funny socks in the run hercy to get the do some cornball spot on packs that give it there
Well, I was kind of frightened
Here's the payphone and Davy hello
Payphone and Davy how well Neil. Yes. What do you think about the trade on the
Just Norton for uh the guy from San Jose? What's his name the guy from San Jose?
Our trip very good Alex says that's one good deal
That's one move to open lines and date to a broard five six seven oh five sixty
Palm five sixty on a payfoldy call to ask me that huh
Like these people are call this station. Uh give me your thoughts on uh that Utica Binghamton game on Saturday, huh?
Give me your thoughts uh share with us your thoughts get out of here
Kellinus you're gonna put us out of business people like you would
I was in stifled idiotic acidine call go get some get a membership of g.a call up edicator night
Okay, any of your free membership of g.a discount
Here's a mobile or homestead. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. I've all managed. Yeah
You know you you're giving this a think impression that you're the only one that really knows how to do this right
Yeah, and I'm curious why the hell you just don't do it. Why don't you what?
Get off the air and run a station of your own rather than putting up with all these incompetence that you're always complaining
You're gonna you're gonna loan me 20 or 30 million to buy a station is that it?
Leo you probably got a great deal as money and certainly
Let me ask you this question if I had that kind of money when I'd be sitting here working every day
I want you to scratch your head in that one spot there where your brain used to be
I want you to scratch your real hard and ask yourself that question
If this man had the kind of money that it would take to buy a radio station
Would he be sitting there talking to bozos like this guy every day you think so no I don't think so
I'd be long gone man you wouldn't even you wouldn't even be able to turn your head sideways that'd be gone
So fast like the goddamn road runner. That's how fast I'd be gone right down the old Hershey highway
Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello
You know, yes sir. I don't want you on your own station. I don't want you to be a general manager
People like me to keep me out of the road all day long from 10 to 2 plus in my ass
Listen to you get me motivated to go out there and settle and sit and traffic all day long
Right, I love you Neil very anywhere above us. Okay. How do you like that either hate or they love
There's no in-between there's no lukewarm feelings about this show
We got two minutes to kill here and one call left on the board. Is that gonna make it? No is that gonna cut it?
5 6 7 0 5 60
Palm 5 60 on a mobile one line. Let's get with it two lousy minutes
We almost made it to the end of the day today
We got two minutes can this audience can they reach down can they muster within themselves since most of last 15 minutes has been a bunch of crap anyway
All the people who have nothing to contribute nothing to say so they figure well
I'm gonna take my shot. You know something go ahead and take your shot. Yeah, it's okay. It doesn't bother me
I sleep real well at night. Oh can't guess what on the days when I do go to the bank and the bankers and the tellers are there
And not the security guard or somebody answering the phone like they don't know what side is up
I stick a real nice big deposit in there. You know, I'm talking about yeah, that too
Here's Miami. Hello
Neil yes, sir. How you doing great
What's different between our hatchet and our natural hatchet natural hatchet is three in a row
Hatchery of three goals in a game Hatchery of natural is three oh straight
Thank you. Okay, you're welcome
Okay, it came to the right place call out Joe Rose. He'll give you all the accurate hockey information
He's the maven
See just jump onto bad wagon. It's easy to rip a arcland Ross and he's a birdie player
All the great players like rescue
Rescue that only a duty player, but he's a coward. He's a pussy who hides the you know
He crouches down and hides and if anybody ever hits him, which they do very rarely by the way
Then he holds his head that pussy little helmet runs back to the bench and asks like something just speared him in the ugly push
And that Pinocchio shnauzer his that's gritsky for you. Okay, so you can give me a song and a dance all you want about
Eric Lindross and what a dirty player he is
But what a great pass that was he made to keep Jones out there to set up the first to lelfe a goal last night
And will we take him on our on this team in a heartbeat? Yeah, you'll find your sweet as we would so Joe, you can talk
Fuff, Fuff, Fuff, Fuff, Fuff, Fuff, Fuff all your illiterate dum jot talk all you want but you know squad, okay
Hey, Grover coming up next from Shula's take two we got the booster with six eddy kapline for all you gambling you generous 10 o'clock to
