6 p.m.
Brother,
what you have for all of the boys?
From a captain.
All right.
We are the night
what's there of fight?
On the fall of the soldier line
cause now his cousin's dead
I'll fall it in the head
What happened?
We don't know
Something is just now
but he won't tell
So we'll ask Brian
What did you do?
Brian
What did you do?
He's not alone
He was standing on his folks' lawn
and he was crying
Brian
Brian
Brian
It's hard to run
to stand
Was an accident
He shouts,
Brian
I don't know why
your age and crew
claims the top reports on truth
I want to know some more
so tell me what's the scar
Brian
What did you do
like the dawn
and to leave
or just leave
July
What did you do?
What did you do?
Yes
Now he's gone
and from this moment on
the rescue Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
It's you
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
Brian
People are dropping like flies, baby
Estherrone
dead.
Dead. How do you like that?
Before we get into the last role, by the way, in the fact that she was a big fat stereotype,
kind of like Aunt Joemama.
Well, she was.
And it was a bad show besides.
I mean, we're, you know, sorry that she's dead because she was from here.
If she wasn't from here, we wouldn't be quite so sorry.
But we're sorry because she was a local lady.
And by the way, she went to a, what was her call?
She went to a school that was called.
I'm looking in this article here.
I'll find it.
I've got a lot of time.
There's no, but nobody's going to be listening to it anyway.
We got this, these guys in impeachment hearings going on on every network that's ever.
Oh, she attended Pomfato Beach Colored School.
What color was it?
Where she learned from books passed down by white students.
You know, this, this country, man, this is a grotesque, bigoted, unacceptable place.
She went to Pomfato Beach Colored School.
In fact, I can remember when the year I worked in Sarasota, WS PV in 1973,
at the dog track, they still had like some of the remnants from the 50s and 60s
when they had the segregated water fountains and toilets and so on.
And they had one that said like white people's turrets and the drinking fountains
and then the dark color, you know, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
In fact, even the dogs that were dark had a one like in separate races, I think,
at Sarasota dog track.
But anyway, a Seahawks player must answer questions about the little incident.
That's why I played that Brian Blades thing.
Seattle Seahawks receiver Brian Blades must answer questions under oath about what happened
in the night his cousin was fatally shot at his house and appeals court ruled on Wednesday yesterday.
Blades 33 and Charles Blades 34 were alone when Charles was shot at Brian Suburban for Lauderdale home after a night of 4th of July,
drinking in 1995. It's only three and a half years ago.
What's the big rush?
Blades is called the shooting and accident.
A jury found Blades guilty of manslaughter but a Broward County judge last October overturned the verdict,
saying there was not enough evidence for a conviction.
Blades is now facing a wrongful death lawsuit for unspecified damages filed by Mars Shell Henry,
the mother of Charles Blades, teenage daughter, Crystal Sherry.
Are you following these names that don't like all seem to quite?
Okay?
Attorneys for Henry and daughter want Blades to answer questions about the night his cousin was shot in the chin
after a series of arguments between Brian Blades and his brother Benny, formally of the Detroit Lions and Seahawks.
Brian Blades is so far refused in spite of three court orders saying he cannot invoke his 5th Amendment privilege against self-incrimination.
Blades attorneys have advised him not to answer questions because of the possibility he could be brought up again on criminal charges.
The 4th District Court of Appeals rule yesterday that Blades waited too long to appeal the first court's ruling that he must answer questions.
We can still file a motion for a re-hearing which we're considering said Blades attorney Michael C. Mattson before louder day.
John H. Pelser and attorney for Henry and her daughter said he doesn't understand why Blades would fear criminal charges if he's already been acquitted in his cousin's death.
He was pleased with the appeal for ruling out Wednesday.
Really what it means is we can move forward on the case and Mr. Blades is going to have to answer the questions or suffer the consequences of refusing to answer Pelser's death.
The beat goes on.
So our poll question today which is taken along her a John Bade Ramsey or Brian M. Charles Blades.
Pretty nip and tuck.
Oh, let's see. She was killed while your goal of Christmas. So this will be two years.
This coming Christmas.
Okay, let's do the break and then I'll come back and talk about what a big period of a period of typical.
Oh, she was. She was a big fat aunt your mama.
Huh? Everybody liked her but you everybody likes a big fat black face. Don't they?
Unless there's your making of course. I mean if it's a big fact you're making black face.
Oh, man, they'll make your life living hell guaranteed.
They tend to be real pushing and dominating as opposed to the cheerful like I don't want to make any stereotypes here.
But no, seriously don't you find that big black women tend to be very cheerful and jolly and fat and died in early age although she was 78.
That's you know, you know, when she got 78.
It doesn't say what she died of maybe like a little bit too fat but 78's not too bad, Esther.
10.09 at 5.60 go when you're feeling lucky. That's what I'm trying to do.
I'm gonna crazy about it. Have this man.
Oh, loud.
Loud.
I got the quarter of four.
10.15 at 5.60 WQAM.
Oh, before we get into that, now we really ought to take a survey and find out if the public wants to hear the impeachment hearings today.
That the president.
Oh, I don't know. Now here's a little sample.
Yeah.
Oh, there's kind of star that Nazi's got like a little swastika right above his little left eyebrow there and they are staring at the growth of a little bit.
I'm not sure if he's got a little growth this morning and here's Henry Hyde that philanthropy in front of a bitch from Illinois who messed up that poor guy's life up there in Western.
So let's find out because the audience wants to hear Roger show today or do we want to just open up a pot because I know there are people on this station where any time they get an opportunity.
They just open up a pot and kill a lot of good time.
I don't blame them for that. I mean, what tells wrong with that?
Just open up a little a pot and then smoke it or then just put it on the air.
Let's find out if these people yes or no, let's do a quick mini survey here and find out if you want to hear impeachment hearings or should we just continue what pretend you do a show here today because I know we're playing with an empty day today.
He then to cheer them.
Oh, it's Barney Frank.
I believe that's bag it on denying the make with emotion.
We got a bad speech defect.
We love Barney Frank baby.
There's one bag we can all admire besides me five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line.
Here's Miami Lakes. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
I'm for the for the poll today.
Yes.
Hey, I don't want to see that stupid Kenneth star fat bag on TV talking about playing that I'm sick and tired of this crap.
Yeah.
Anyways, I want to congratulate George for doing a fine job.
I think in history that's old news.
Yes.
Okay.
And I think he's doing a great job and I'm glad he's not putting the tapes anymore.
I'm glad that he's on there.
Yeah, but next week Thursday and Friday you'll have tapes because George will be on vacation and I'll be in Vegas.
Oh, really?
So those people that are Jones into the tapes at least they'll have two days so they can be pacified.
Well, I don't we don't mind.
It's all good stuff.
Anyways, great crap.
Yeah.
Well, we'll miss you guys on Thursday and Friday.
I wish we could say the same.
Okay, have a great day.
Sweetheart.
Okay, by the way, Channel 10 that I'd love it a fuck is that piece they're doing on me and boy, they're sure teasing the hell out of that.
Thank God for Channel 10.
My close personal friend Diane Magden even though George off the ear just now made horrible comments about Diane's hair.
No, she's a very nice person, but she just can't find her hair niche ever since she's been a I can remember the only times I've ever spoken about her until she did this piece on me and I met her over the years.
The only times I've ever had anything to say about Diane Magden was about her hair because every five minutes it changes.
Kind of like Bob Eisenberg's hair color.
It's the same thing changes like every five seconds.
But who cares about that?
She's a sweetheart.
So 11 o'clock on a Channel 10 news tonight they're doing a major piece on me and they were teasing the hell out of this morning and there I was carrying that stupid little black dog that day.
I'm right.
Carrying in my arms like there was like some affection or something involved there.
I guess I was on a way to the microwave is when they caught me with a little dog.
Yeah, yeah, see a tiny little piece of crap.
Okay, let's go.
Let's we better do this before 10 30 because then we'll figure out because they're still they're still doing like four plays.
Yeah, that's representative De La Hunt.
How can we say that on the air?
Democrat of Massachusetts.
We can't say that.
Here's Tamara.
Hello.
Oh.
I hated him.
I still hate him.
Jimmy Walker.
Oh boy.
One of the most objectionable.
I mean, I don't want to lie to you on the parade.
This lady was loved by everybody and she was very nice and she played a real anti-romama issue stereotypical character on that show.
And it was not a good show.
It was a bad show.
I mean, there was the Jefferson's was a good show and it was good times, which was a bad show.
It should have called it bad times.
Bad show.
Mobile in poor lotterdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Hello.
Okay.
Squadron, the presidential festival, the old crap.
Get it out of it.
Is that a no?
That's a big no.
Okay.
Okay.
He said, no.
We're trying to take a little quick poll here.
Come on.
Let's go.
We got a couple open lines.
We're taking a survey.
This is very important.
I mean, we can open up the pod here.
There you go.
And play four hours of this crap.
It's on, where's the list?
It's on ABC, CBS, NBC, CNN, and NBC, PBS.
He's not a C-Spanth court TV.
Airby Goddamn, television, radio, affiliate, and the whole free world.
Is carrying this crap today.
Is if we're supposed to continue to be caring about this.
I mean, from my own personal perspective, all I can tell you,
if you would ask me, do I care about it, I would tell you.
No.
Infatically, I would say, no, I don't.
I'm over-saturated.
I got Monica coming out of my...
Raccoon.
I got Linda Trip coming out of my...
Raccoon.
I got that Lucian Goldberg bitch coming out of my...
Raccoon.
Enough with us already.
And that Ken of Star, that fascist son of a bitch,
he's coming out of everybody's.
Raccoon.
In fact, every time you take a dump, there's Ken of Star,
Raccoon.
OK?
And this Henry hides son of a bitch.
You know, he's...
Look, he's red in the push, which really shows up
because he's got that white hair, that frosted white hair,
which crossed my ass a little bit.
And he's red in the push, and ought to be red in the push
with embarrassment.
That he's growing the president about getting blow jobs
for Monica.
And here this guy had an affair for how many years?
And Lied to the Bitch and told this woman that he wasn't married,
and then screwed up and broke up his poor bastard's marriage.
This old fart that lives up there in Western now,
that sitting there holding his head in his hand,
had probably have gone to his temple.
Because of this Henry hide, Henry's hidein' it.
Oh, well, it was his younger days.
He was only 41.
Oh, excuse me.
He was young and full.
He was only 41 when he had this illicit affair.
And he's sitting there acting as, you know,
some kind of a inquisitor.
He's a crap.
Here's a mobile and tabernere.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
First I'd like to say George did a heck of a job.
Yes, he did.
And the star is born.
I think if they put him on instead of the worst team,
then follow up with you, they've got a show going on.
I think now you're talking some sense.
I think that makes more sense than I've heard of.
Right on.
Because that morning show blows, man.
This business where they sit around,
they kind of like poke at each other.
It's poking at each other for four hours every morning.
You know, this contrived controversy,
and they take little shots back and forth.
Like a bunch of little kids in a sandbox.
I mean, that gets old after the first 20 minutes.
I mean, I'm a rollover to hang from you.
Right.
Because I've never followed sports that way.
Well, my heck is a broadcaster, you know,
I think that's just trying to do your show in the morning.
And they suck.
They can't do that.
Yeah, and DeFo's doing all these cornball lines
about how I'm doing Gator Hotline,
about the IPI, and all this other bull crap.
You know, that Gator stuff.
I would say to George, when we heard the last five minutes of that show
this morning, they started with that Gator song again,
isn't how far would you say Gainesville is about 300 miles from here?
A thousand, please.
No, but seriously, I did.
It is.
It is.
It is a 300 miles away.
And, and, uh, Taylor Hassey, FSNU,
that's got to be 450 away from, from Miami.
Right.
So, other than the, uh, these silly people that can't get over the fact
that they went to school air, or their kids go to school air,
other than those people, who cares about that crap?
Right.
Well, anyway, it's painful to listen to them,
and I damn sure don't want to listen anymore about Monica
or the rest of the crap.
Okay, is that us?
No.
Oh, it's a no for sure.
And God bless you.
Have a good day.
Thank you.
Okay, we're taking a survey here, because we want to let the audience decide,
we want you to pick and choose what we do here on this show.
Do you believe that?
No.
Well, it sounds pretty good.
It sounds like the American way.
Oh, isn't that, isn't that the way freedom is supposed to work?
That you pick and choose what you want to hear and see and read?
That's the American fucking way.
Amen, sweetheart.
Open line of day, five.
Did I tell you yet about my experience at Compatot Park last night?
No.
And who I met up there last night?
Wow, wait till I get into that.
That's almost as exciting as, as if the role died yesterday.
Here's Boyton Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I want these hearings to go on that.
Absolutely.
It's the first time Kenneth Stark gets to speak, because by Lord, he wasn't allowed to speak beforehand.
All you did was see him going out to his garbage every morning and smiling with his coffee.
And walking with that thermos and his...
Yeah, exactly.
By Lord, he couldn't.
So this is the first day of the year.
Oh, there's that Gerald Naylor, that big fat Democrat, the congressman of New York, is.
That real big fat one and a little white red.
She's gonna explode.
Exactly.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, big, it's me.
This guy must not be missing too many meals, you know what?
But no seriously.
Yes.
People on the Democratic side, the number of public.
But if people on the Democratic side want this to end, tell these guys to stop and begrept and then re-hide.
Let's get on with it.
They want to disrupt the whole year.
Are you listening while you can?
Of course, I'm watching right now.
I'm not sure.
And I see that the hair star is sitting there very impatiently looking around and fumbling with his papers.
They're trying to disrupt the year.
He wants to be here and then.
We have an open line of day one and a rower.
Impatient hearings are not.
We still have time.
It's three to one again so far.
We still have time to get this thing on because, like I said, this big fat headed guy from New York, this nadler guy.
He's a pop pop pop pop pop pop pop.
Mr. Start your calculation of 200 of 100.
I'll put it back on.
Mr. Stars is going to sit here for 120 minutes and tell us why the president is going to be impeached.
And he's entitled to do that.
But you add to that the other time that the.
The.
The.
This is almost as good as that Bobby Boyle press conference we had on with Hank give it in one side.
We've been here.
Okay.
Get that fat flyb off of there.
Okay.
Man, Gerald Nadler of New York.
Get him on the Atkins right away.
I'm serious.
He makes out ghouls.
He looked like a ruffle stillskin.
That's how fat this guy has got fat on fat.
He's got fat in places where it's illegal and Florida.
I'll tell you that.
He better stay the hell out there in New York or up in DC because if he comes down here, he goes right in the.
Who's gal?
This guy's got fat in places it hasn't been invented yet even in his.
That's what I think.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I do.
Okay.
Um.
Yes.
No.
Maybe.
Okay.
Good one.
Open line of day five six.
You have a think about it.
Here's cross bring somehow.
Capital N.
Capital O.
Is that spell?
No.
Okay.
Thank you.
That's what we like.
A short and sweet.
Come on.
We got to take.
If we're going to do this to the democratic way for quite a lot of that's the American way.
We got to take at least four or five hundred of these calls and find out what the consensus of the audience is.
Okay.
Of the forty people who are still listening as opposed to the ones who took off from work today for home glue to their TV sets.
Because like I said, every network CNN and MSNBC and ABC and CBS and Duma and Dupont and maybe even buddy bud.
Well, that passionate.
You see that?
They got a number.
Their stock is still in the crapper, but they got a little bit of a number with those old crappies.
Showed they had a one point one or something like that and they're making a big case for that.
That the numbers on that garbage that they're showing are higher than what they thought they were going to be.
Nice going buddy bud.
Anybody want to buy that stock?
Okay. Here's a here's the mobile in homestead.
Hello.
Hey, Neal, how you doing?
Great.
It's a big no.
Is it a no?
They call the religion people and all the politicians to ship them off the Cuba.
No.
Okay.
Thank you.
They're on their way.
Okay.
It's five to one again so far.
Open line and powered five six seven oh five six.
He is in the president's attorney sitting there with a real.
He can't wait.
He's going to get his legs.
He only gets 30 minutes though later on.
Star gets what?
Two hours to make this preliminary speech and then they're going to be grilling him allegedly.
The panel.
They're going to be asking questions and then the president's attorney there gets opened up his post and grill him and just absolutely.
Lacerate him verbally from head to toe.
Maybe even physically lacerated him a little.
This God damn no good right wing fascist judge can't start who's got it.
And by the way, he's mentioned frequently in this book.
This lost rights by James Vovart and ever and this is long before Monica Lewinsky.
This was written a couple of years ago.
And every time his name is mentioned in here is with another fascist ruling of his.
And another anti human un-American fascist.
That's the American way.
That's right.
You better get with it, kind of star because your days are numbered in single digits.
We got your digit right over here.
1026 to 565.
It's okay.
It's like it would be like having a campaign to legalize prostitution America.
And what they're really saying is then you're putting a crimp in our abilities and teach people that it's okay to hate gays, they don't like you.
We're doing a few of them.
We're doing a few of them.
Come on.
Channel 10.
If live, local, late, late, late.
Tonight on I witness news that 11.
This is Edith Booth.
And I'm thinking what's going to give him some away.
They got some incredible piece of video.
What's happening?
So, of course, me being a pushy broad I am, I make my way through the crowd of people.
And I see this piece that they're putting together tonight on you and your significant other.
And it looks fabulous.
Yeah.
And I got a little sneak preview, but I took it this morning, which I hate to say that I never watched you.
I did morning America because I hate that show.
But I did turn over there specifically because I knew that this piece was coming up tonight.
Oh, it's going to be great.
And that they were going to tease it.
And the tease was longer than most of the pieces that you get on TV.
So, this is a long piece.
I don't know how long it is, but I want to have the long piece of it.
And it's a long piece.
Great.
A long piece and it looks like it's going to be great.
Maybe if you're like I'm back and I'm stood on.
I think so.
Nice, Gail.
Okay, you're welcome.
Have a good one.
See ya.
Yeah, Brian from Channel 10.
Yeah, my significant other.
That was kind of amusing.
You're John will be amused by that.
My roommate.
Yeah, I have a nice roommate.
I have two nice dogs.
I have a nice house.
A nice pool.
A nice microwave for the one nice little dog.
And it's a lot beyond it.
And I'd love it at a clock on Channel 10.
Plus I'm a nice guy.
That's the thrust of the whole thing.
And he's not a mean-spirited Nancy Senate of a bitch.
It's just a goddamn radio show.
Okay.
He happens to be a really super nice guy.
That's what my good friend Anthony told me about Pompano Park last night.
The waiter from Pirvela High.
Nice going Anthony.
You're okay in my book.
Oh!
Who else?
Oh, and so anyway last night this gets to the good part.
We're moving on now.
Well, forget a cheese still alive.
Okay, leave Weezy alone.
Yeah, why couldn't Jimmy Walker or Die?
We just took a survey.
Okay, that'll be our next poll.
Okay, since we decided we don't want to hear this kind of starcraft.
It's the money of two.
Now get him off of there that white-haired,
flandering son of a bitch.
Can we hide my ass?
Dr. Jika and Mr. High.
Wouldn't that be great if we either sent Tom Jika up there to cover it?
We could add Mr. Jika and Mr. Hyde.
Or something like that.
So at any rate, I'm at the track last night.
And all of a sudden,
Guess who comes over to the table?
I'm sitting there with that rich and our friend Derek.
And Guess who comes, walk it, wall-sing over?
How many guesses do I need to give the audience?
Okay, this will kill a couple of good hours.
Rhanna Wolf.
Oh!
Mad Max, the engineer.
Oh!
And Todd Winnick.
A sales owner really know what his title is.
Over there with Clear Channel Formatio Faxon.
That's the number 19.
Right.
Max, by the way, is getting a lot of weight.
But at any rate, in which made it even more embarrassing when he gave me a beer hug,
I mean, Max, you're, you know, you're, I was gonna say you're a good guy,
but then I would be really exeduating.
Oh, he's okay.
But I mean, do I want a hug, Max?
I hugged Rhanna.
We got a nice big kissable tongue in there.
Stepped on her foot, too, by the way.
With no accidents, we'd art.
But at any rate, ha ha ha.
And the old Paxon people who are now with Clear Channel.
And I said to them, oh my God, please find me a job.
Get me out of that place.
And then Rhanna says, well, you remember Todd Winnick, our sales, whatever his title is.
Because he's a Luan Winick's husband.
And of course, Luan's school and Winick is our sales manager here at QAIM.
This is kind of one of those James Carville and Mary Magdalene deals.
That is her name, isn't it?
Mary Magdalene has met it?
Something like that.
And I was thinking about this last night.
After I met Todd Winnick again for the second or third time,
it's kind of a forgettable guy.
Although he did say, you know, all those things you say about my wife and I said,
you know, he said, they're all true.
He said, I don't feel bad.
Don't feel like uncomfortable talking to me here because everything you said about that,
which is true.
A real pain in the air.
And of course, with the thing with James Carville and Mary Magdalene, that's all political.
So they can put their politics aside when they hop into sack.
But in this particular case, I mean, one guy is like a salesmaven for a queer channel over there.
And here we got her up there who's supposed to be the salesmaven for QIM, for the Beesley Green folks.
Don't you find it a little bit touchy there?
I sure do.
I find real uncomfortable with that whole deal, especially her.
But anyway, he said that everything that I said about her is absolutely correct.
So anyway, Ronna said that they'd love to have me back and that we went on and on.
What are you smoking about, huh?
I said, sounds good to me.
Oh, yeah.
Not that we're going to do any contract tampering.
Nobody suggested anything like that.
We were just talking glittering generalities as old friends.
You do understand that.
But I mean, it sounded real appeal.
I said, and my, the line that I used, which I think was very interesting and very apropos,
I said, I'll tell you what, I'm keeping my options open.
Is what I said.
I thought that that was a very diplomatic way and it summed up the way I feel about life.
I mean, well, not even East.
I just down the road a little bit.
Is that where they are?
Right down the road, the former passion clear channel people?
Lots of road.
Just a matter of blocks away.
But they're not broadcasting enough building, are they?
I know.
Did they move, they're still in the Hollywood building?
Well, wins is.
Super talk.
Right.
Yeah, and apparently they're real unhappy with that super talk.
I mean, those grotesque, minimal numbers that they get on there.
Oh my God, there's ones and two that Dr. Laura, the, the internet slut, Dr. Laura,
and then Lord Ashlinbaugh who went out with Nickers, who's dead me, especially now after that election.
And after Noot stepped down, can't find him anymore.
Hey, look at this.
Here's John Conier's.
Get him on.
I love John Conier's.
Now, come on.
Today's witness Kenneth W. Star.
That's it.
Oh, I want you to miss the life part every said, can't somebody a star?
He said, he's an asshole.
Nice going, John.
That's John Conier's for it there.
Oh.
For Michigan, great American.
I love John Conier's.
Why can't all black people be just like him?
As opposed to like fat women like Esther Rool.
Oh, seriously, don't you find that offensive?
Well, you wouldn't because you don't give a crap.
But I'm just talking as an average or a nirrigi joe, Mama.
That I just, this aunt your mama image of your American black housewife,
they all have to be big fat.
I'm sorry, I'm just not vinyin'.
I mean, name me one black housewife that's ever been depicted.
Oh, the one upstairs, but that was an interracial marriage.
Tom is white.
What was her name?
I'm the Jefferson.
The Willis is better.
What was her name?
Tom, we know him.
And her name was, come on.
Yeah, and he was real black.
You got me.
Not bad, though.
Thank God for her.
She wasn't fat.
So I guess only black guys marry big ass, fat black,
and true mama like women.
And white guys, when there's an interracial marriage,
they marry slim, large, breasted African American women.
Isn't that what it's all about?
Yeah, there you go.
Does somebody have her name real quick?
Come on, somebody out there help us out.
Neither George Iraq can come up with his name.
Tom Willis' wife on the Jefferson's,
one of the great shows in the history of TV and Sputter,
what Tom Jikers says.
Who name was?
Oh, we don't have it yet?
No, but she was Lenny Kravitz's mother.
Which I knew, but I forgot.
I guess she's still his Lenny Kravitz.
She was Lenny Kravitz's mother.
And after his that awful music, she changed her mind.
Who the hell can blame her?
She's this Lenny, get serious.
William Mom's embarrassed.
In fact, thank God she's that dark.
You can't see the blush.
Twenty-one for eleven.
What is it?
Howard?
Helen, that sounds right.
Tom and Helen, the Willis'.
Thank you, Dave the cop.
Thank you, Dave the cop.
We don't want to talk to you, but thank you very much.
And we'll name the goofy guy from Down Under,
wherever he was from, the British guy in the British.
The silly British guy, if there's any other guy.
He was great, but we don't know.
Boy, this is embarrassing.
Next we'll be forgetting Lawrence's name.
Twenty-before-level at five-six and sixty-two-a-m.
It's Dave, in Miami Town.
At five-two-two-w-u-a-m.
I don't know.
I've been so burned, I don't feel much.
So anyway, her name was Roxie Roden, Roker,
whatever the hell her name was, the black lady that played the,
plenty of crabbits' mother.
That played Helen on the Jefferson's and she's dead.
She's dead.
She died.
Wow.
How do you like that?
The good people are the dead people.
I think John Deloitte's had a point side,
damn it, and Fatso.
The good people, and she wasn't even fat.
So there goes another one of those ugly stereotypes about how long
all of the fat people died early.
How about Weinstein Churchill?
Had a big stogie in his purse every day of his life,
had a fifth of gin or whatever kind of cheap booze he was drinking every day,
and the lived in his, well, when it was eighties,
Fat is a cow.
Probably ate a lot of that British spotted dick no doubt from what I hear.
Didn't hurt him, none.
By the way, John Connures for president.
That's what I say.
You want a black guy that's qualified to be president who's really letting,
look at the look on, kid of stars, put his hair is fallen out.
Well, the lady's got left.
It's fallen right out in clumps.
Right there on the guy at the end table.
A fool and a fair officer.
Stick it to him, John, baby.
Pacificate him, these hearing.
Send him back to Texas with a banjo on his knee.
What happened to him?
Investigation, Mr. Star.
Yeah, Mr. Star, you're asking to get out of there.
I can't stand it.
He is seriously him a major, major, big bloody.
Right, go ahead.
I scored John Connures.
You got my votes, sweetheart.
There's a black guy we can all look up to.
Well, here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
Hey, I got one for you.
Who was the dormant?
What was the dormant team on the Japanese team?
Oh, jeez, he was great, too.
I had no idea.
Yeah, Ralph.
That's right, Ralph.
And Mr. Bentley was the British neighbor, brother.
Yeah, Mr. Bentley was the Miami.
Right.
Wasn't that one of the top five shows in history of television?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, it's right behind all in the family.
Right.
It was a good show.
It shows the...
That's the role.
I like it.
I mean, it's very pretty, I thought.
She was pretty?
Yeah, I think she had a pretty face.
Yeah, pretty face.
She think she had a pretty face.
Yeah, she think she had a pretty face.
She think she had a pretty face.
Did you really?
Oh, yeah.
Well, I'm lucky.
Congratulations.
Well, she was no shammel, the...
Sabel, the Indian boy.
We have two open lines in date, five, six, seven,
oh, five, 60, and pound five, 60 on a mobile one line.
That's what happened to Susan Day.
She got a complex because of that.
No, sir, that's why she turned to booze,
because all those young guys,
the all the old guys who used to sit there in the racket
in front of the TV during the Parkridge family,
I was kind of watching David Cassidy myself.
He had better here, although she was a lot butcher.
Here's a mobile-informed water deal.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
For my voted?
Yeah, go ahead.
No.
And the guy's the janitor on good time, what was his name?
I don't know, because I never watched the show.
I hated that show.
Oh, well, I'll give you a little shabby.
What was his name?
Booker.
Booker?
Booker.
Booker?
That guy he used to vote as.
That was all a lie.
If I vote Bookham, then, oh.
By the way, he's still alive.
He was down here.
I was reading something about James MacArthur,
who was...
son was he?
Douglas MacArthur?
I don't know.
No, he was somebody famous as son.
Mary Martin or something.
No, Mary Martin's son was...
Who?
Helen, hey, thank you so much.
There we go.
We're finally starting to get some good info here.
I beg your pardon?
Is this Josh?
Well, don't get carried away, okay?
Thanks for the information, but you're a little...
Wait, between the Cubs and this kind of TV trivia,
we got something Josh Friedman could stick his staples in me.
We made a famous video.
Got a minute.
What's a good thing though?
Good thing song.
And a bad show, terrible show, horrible show.
And it tends to be another Jefferson's that failed miserably.
But we do miss Esther already.
And she was, she was nice.
We liked her.
She was one of the good people.
She was jolly.
Look at the picture here on the front page there.
In full color.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Well, if I would have said in black and white,
that would have been just as bad.
Wouldn't it?
It's a great picture, really, is because she exuded a something.
But she survived going, what was it even at school again?
That makes me nauseous.
To think to realize that I live in a country,
Compinue Beach Colored School, is where she went to school,
where she learned from books passed down by...
