Lower it out your ass. So even though here in Florida, I mean we knew that the Jeopardy was gonna be the governor because you know
You run a dead man against them if they were on a real candidate
It could have been pretty goddamn interesting, you know what in spite of all those Cubans devoted for Bush
Come on each step come on each this same old crap and you know the sad part about this whole thing is
That is great as magnificent of an evening as it was around the country for those people who are to the left of a tiller behind
You can't you can't find out what else going on the coverage of this between the newspapers
Which evidently go to bed like the old people but like nine o'clock at night in this town and then watching this morning
You know we start Chuck Schumer a little bit this morning Barbara Boxer a little bit of this a little too much newt
Gingrich but what did we sell it is calm mostly brown you're out sweetie
But what did we see on every network on every newscast?
What was the only reference to even there being an election yesterday made on the rest of this radio station as in this morning coming to work?
Jesse the body Ventura
There you go governor Minnesota
He has been on I guarantee he's been on more than Newt Gingrich more than the dickhead heart more than the Bubba more than all these other people put together
The winners the losers the other side is Jesse the body Ventura the media you people are crazy. I mean, it's a cute story, you know, it's interesting
But is that is that the big story of what happened yesterday in the election? Oh Jesus Christ in the Sarah man
Jesse the body Ventura is it there you go?
Because the media I'll give you an example last night. I'm watching CBS news as I do every night 6 30 on Channel 4
And Dan rather says breathlessly and we're gonna be back and start making some calls right after you know after the break 7 o'clock
There's a poll close including Florida
7 o'clock does Channel 4 stick with this CBS? No, I flip over to Channel 10 today stick with a
little because we got to get inside edition or whatever the puff
Tabloid news stories on four and they got to get squeal of fortune there on 10
So I have to start dealing with my big satellite dish and find a CBS affiliate and
The first thing they're announcing is a jet bush wins in Florida are the local stations reporting this at 7 o'clock
No, no because they're too busy with their usual with deco drive and with whatever they're putting on their bunch of crap
You people in the media and for example, oh look at this look at that read one Senate in Nevada by about like two votes
Harry Reid but does and I'm trying to find stuff out this morning and I'm watching all these guys damn shows
I'm looking at these newspapers which are useless because like I said they went to bed a hundred hours ago
So I know the medical marijuana thing passed in Vegas in Nevada. That's the only one I can find out
That's the other did it pass in California. I don't know
Or the district of Columbia or in Alaska while the other states was out about I have no idea
Did Bob Dornin lose which your put were hoping praying in California? Don't know
Do know that the Democrats picked up five maybe six seats in the house the Senate is a wash
Republicans who are gonna pick up five or six gets it they picked up nothing 55 45 just the way it was
And in state after state all amount of God damn country the message was just say no to the right wing extremist okay
for example like right here in Florida
On that equal rights measure on the ballot revision number nine
They're all poor David Katen over there with a Florida Fist
Association in the Tampa he's all bent out of shape
Because they were leading the that's right the Tampa based Florida family association lobbied hard against the measure in part because they feel the
Constitutional change makes it easier for gays to challenge state laws against gay marriage even though it says absolutely nothing about that
And there's nothing to do with that they also said the amendment was unnecessary because women were already protected by the Constitution
David Katen blamed the defeat on the amendment's language which he believes is misleading
Who's gonna vote against something called basic rights? He said we knew we had an uphill battle most people don't have the depth of
Understanding of what this amendment could do. He said his group would lobby the legislature next year to clarify that amendment number nine
Should not be legally interpreted to country the current marriage laws
And you know what they'll lose again just like they do all the time David Katen and his little group of 50 old misfits over there in the West Coast
the Florida fifth
Association whatever the FFA is
And amendment number 12 there on the gun on the gun shows and all that other bullcrack
Past overwhelmingly again
There you go
But trying to really find out some serious meaningful information out there is almost impossible because they're all worked up into a frenzy about
Jesse DeBot even sure there you go
The big news story
We just had a major election here which usually these midterm elections aren't that important
But this one comes in the middle of this semana cagate and all the other crap that's going on and the attempted bloodless crew by a bunch of right wing lunatics
Self identified as the Christian coalition whatever they are for a bit of crazy goyam
And it's interesting like in North Carolina where Edwards beat the anxious lock faircloth there the incumbent whose good buddies with the Ken star
That's 23% of the born again Christians the uh
Christian coalition voted for the Democrat there
So just like the FFA like the Florida fifth
Association these are people who like to exaggerate not that they would ever lie of course because we know that they're good Christian
But like to exaggerate their numbers and their clout
So that's the one thing to hang on to in this country is that as long as we still have free elections
The overwhelming majority of people in all of the country
Just saying no to a Christian can tell them to blow it out the rest like Bob Decker said this morning
Just blow it out your ass stick it. We don't want nothing to do with you. You're not going to tell everybody how to live go to hell
To which we say all right
Nine minutes after 10 to 560 WQM
You tried the minutes after 10 to 560 WQM
So they're probably going to be people say well, you know, we wasted our time yesterday
We ran out there and voted and bush still one but you know something that was a good good practice
Real good practice
Good example for to go out there and get off you dead ass and not just let's say a lot of bunch of farbic and a right wing lunatics one your god damn life
Because come to year 2000. I mean the Democrats have picked up at five maybe six seats in the house and
Bubba didn't go in anywhere, okay?
So I hate to break the news to Ken star and Newt King rich and Trent lot and all these other Nazis
But he's not going anywhere
But to give you the idea of my frustration see these I realized the newspapers have a deadline
They got to go to bed by a certain length of time
But Jesus Christ here's a brilliant article in the herald no less and the herald was far ahead of the sunset
The sunset no must have put the bed about eight o'clock last night. They put the paper to bed
Because they wouldn't even really have even on the front page
They don't have the thrust of the whole story
64 years since there was a midterm election when the party in power in the
Well the White House actually gains seats and didn't lose seats in the midterm election
64 years since that's happened did I find any answers?
No nothing and I'm still watching here and you can bet I'm guarantee if you're a big wrestling fan
Just turn the TV on okay flip the channels every 20 minutes on it right on down that little tone okay as soon as you
That's the one you'll see Jesse the body Ventura
Because that's what the media figures into message out of the election last night
Let me say it again you people in the media wasn't bad enough what you've done with this penis gate and just upset
26 hours a day
That's not bad enough
But now we got a professional wrestler who looks like he just came off a guy named spaceship who is the governor of Minnesota
First of all who gives the crap about Minnesota when you come right down to it. Is anybody care? No
Should anybody care? No
Although he is for legalized prostitution. Let's hear it for Jesse. Hi there you go legalized prostitution
And he's still one even with all those the good Swedes up there those Nazis in Minnesota with their blonde here in blue eyes. Oh, they look good
So does anybody in this audience can you give me an answer on the Al Al a gutman
Who is very popular in little Havana like anybody else?
No matter what kind of a criminal they may be as long as they got the right last name and they speak at a panny
60 some percent of the Cuban population voter you see look at other states like California
75 percent of the Hispanics voted for Barbara boxer and for the governor there mr. Bordam
But they're not in Florida Hispanic in fact blacks
Choose women and non-cuban Hispanics all over America voted overwhelming re-democratic
How do you like that? I'm gays all fags. He's got to put them in there too. Why not?
So where we have the problem is we have like the wasp mails out there across America who just can't get it
Well, they like Jesse the body though because that's that macho thing, you know
And then we have the Cubans in they cut it come on Easter come on Easter
for it and they're never gonna change their hopeless
not all just most
Here's a mobile in pompano hello
Yeah, you know, it's funny, you know, you talk about the segments
You just named it voted and you know blacks to what they scared to crap out of them down here in Carolina
Saying they're gonna have burning crosses in your front yard
Yeah, let me tell you this what did the democrats done for the blast still can't read they can't talk
And no, and then you sound like you're doing a real good job, too. Mike illiterate racist friend
There you go. He's all bent out of shape. You better get used to a pal because you're out. Okay, you and your real if you're all out
You had your day and you blew it
Because you were too busy worried about who was blowing it in the White House instead of worried about taking care of business and taking care of real issues that people care about
So you can badmouth all you want black so this group for that group forever to how you want the fact is you lose
There's our first call today. It's good one open-minded, broder to and date five six seven oh five sixty
Tom five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
My good redneck friend like I said those are the ones we have the problems with the redneck
Wasp mail in America a lot of problems with them getting at a message
Because they don't like nobody
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
You know, hi my battery's about to crap out, but if you're looking for good
Electroresults you go to your computer
MSNBC. Well, I can't do that now. Why can't MSNBC put it on their guy then television station instead of having
I'm sitting there stick out pen and there's nose this morning and putting chewing gum on the side of his face
Why can't they have the election returns on it and like put it on a on a school there?
So you can see and then instead of waiting through 55 interviews with Jesse the body Ventura
Because they suck but last night as a two o'clock medical marijuana was passing pretty easily in
Washington
Colorado
And Nevada right
I did not see the last results because they were coming up late now. What about California?
I think it was I didn't know that it was on in California. Yes, it was I thought it was being reauthorized and eric
No, it was on the ballot. Let me say it again. It was definitely on the ballot in California
And it was on in DC too, right?
Yeah, but are we going to know about those?
Well, if you got somebody got access to a computer go to MSNBC
You can look at every result for every state valid initiative, etc
Okay, all right. Thanks
There you go. So we got to get what?
Did you get the answer on Dornin and Gutman? No
Dorn in law. Oh Dornin lost again. Oh, that's it. Won't be screaming about voter fraud
There's that he's out Nazi a card carrying hail Hitler son of a bick's Nazi is out for good
Take him out of him and and cut him one by 299 votes
You
Gutman won by 290 votes
Because the crazy crazy right wing we hate fidel
I wonder I wonder what his margin was among the Cuban voters in date county
Huh
You think he got like 99% of the Cuban vote in the Alberta government
Who is under indictment on Medicare fraud money laundering witness tampering charges
But still popular in his little law of an neighborhood Miami. We like Albert
Don't afraid train
Come and Easter come and Easter come and Easter
Maracone Maracone come and Easter yeah same old crap. So like I said, you know
Jeb Bush wins and Florida it's an aberration because he was running against the dead man
Not because you really brought anything to the table and he took it a few blacks and Jews along the way
This time passing himself off is much more moderate than the first time he ran
But he's still the same piece of crap see George W. Bush in Texas. He doesn't bother me at all
He's a good governor anyone in the landslide and also got a big chunk of the Hispanic both there which is an aberration
Because he's doing a great job and he's not an extremist
He's not one of these right-wing goody two shoes for a phony baloney good Christian type of guys
Which yeah, Bush of course in Florida. We know is controlled by those people
So you know damn well in the year 2000s going to be out go against George W. Bush lots of Bush
Maybe it's the Bush people the Bush people we're gonna run for Bush
So that's your choice. Okay, so again, gonna be kind of a wooden guy who we all like Al Gore a little bit
He's kind of boring, but he's okay against George W. Bush who also by the way is fight of the five being good governor
Is very boring have you ever seen him speak?
Just look at him and all my stuff you start going off into a coma when you look at George W. Bush
In fact, he makes daddy look pretty exciting and he wasn't too left-rilling. Wow. That's the way it goes. Here's Miami Beach. Hello
Hey now. Yes, sir
I don't know if someone yesterday I went to go vote. Yeah
And there was you know there's people to stand in front of the polls
Giving out pamphlets
As you walk in yeah, well, I mean those you will air that with their bush
Oh, it's the bush the bush and they want to give me a pamphlet. I said no thank you
As I'm walking away the guy decides to call me an asshole really yeah
As I'm walking into to cast my vote. He's an asshole. Yeah
And I was gonna vote for voice and I ended up voting for my K there you go
So, you know
But why do I need to call you an asshole if you were gonna take the pamphlet I said I know thanks, you know whatever
Because it didn't take me a propaganda that made you an asshole. Yeah, wow. That's good
Yeah, this guy was about like you know almost 60 years old
Uh-huh, and I just walked in on no thank you and then I heard a mumble asshole as I'm walking in I just turned around and like
Why why? I mean
Well, it was probably one of those good Christians by the way. Yeah, that's what it probably was okay
I want more things. Yes, sir. I mean
Jesse the body mentura. Yeah, uh, I just was watching a little thing the same thing
I'm easy doesn't want to be known as the body no way once we know as the mind Jesse the mind that's good. Just the brain Venturi
Yeah, yeah, yeah, well, he ain't no people's eyebrow. Okay. Thanks. Good. You know please
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Okay, we got one call left in the board. I can see that there's a tremendous a tumultuous response here this morning
Both in bringing us answers to my questions about things that went on last night and people that are really all fired up
But you know something who cares because this is Florida
As I was sitting there last night because you already knew that bush was gonna when he was head by like 50,000 points a couple weeks ago
And he didn't really win a landslide he won by 12 points big margin, but out of not a gigantic one although you look around the state
I think it's County humorous to fact that we're on over here in Fort Myers. I think that's amusing. You want to know why?
Now Fort Myers is in Cod your County am I correct?
You might write about that or is it in Lee County
His Naples in Cod your County. I really have no idea. I guess Naples might be in Cod your County and Fort Myers might be in Lee County
But it's regardless in Lee County, McKay got 43,000 votes in Boots got 79,000 like almost double and in Cod your County
Which I guess is Naples
McKay got 17,000 and Boots got 42,000 like two and a half times. I mean no contest no real contentry
In fact, McKay only won five counties in the entire state. He won Gadson, Leon, Alachua, just barely Palm Beach and Broward
He won Broward really big
There you go. I'll close right next to him
He won Broward really big, but of course, nobody showed up in Broward. They had like 47% of the vote in Broward
Nobody showed up in Broward because most of the people are out there walkers near Colossalty Bagzards
Too much effort to go out there and who now wants to do that?
You're correct about your counties
What Naples is call your yeah, that's what I thought because you look on a mad little map here
A nice job by the way, which papers this in oh the Sunsend will finally did something good. That's good
Now this is the hero like I said much better coverage in a hero this morning with the Sunsend will how embarrassing
They give you like a little map and they show you County back County and the names of the county instead of just a little blob on it
Yeah, call your county is Naples some real real. I mean there is nobody to the left of a till of a hunt in Naples over there
Maybe one or two who are hiding as we speak under a rock under their beds
And Lee County is fort Myers and like it well Lee yummy 43,000 votes for from a kid that's not in the sneeze Anna
You can imagine that they actually had won a living person of the Democrats. He might have done pretty well
Or in Lee County and around the rest of the state
But like I said as I was watching all about because I knew that that was a foreground conclusion
And I'm watching Chuck Schumer beats that obnoxious that piece of crap
El de Mato in New York and I'm saying
Yeah
And then Edwards beats that lock. I mean what kind of is that like a warlock
L.O.C.D. What kind of an image that anywhere fear cloth in North Carolina
That Nazi another card carrying one of these with the 45 and I'm saying
oh
And Barbara boxer was supposed to be in big trouble against that gook out there in California wins landslide
oh
And all of my patty Murray in Washington was supposed to be in big trouble landslide
oh
And the interesting part about this is that it wasn't a big turnout
Democrats usually require a big turnout to you know have to although there was a big black turnout
Thank God for those blacks and spite of what this guy said before thank God for our brothers and sisters
You know if they can't speak at least they can vote
Here's a mobile and crawl springs. Hello. Yeah, good morning. The oh, yes, sir
Well, they last election of the century very interesting. Yeah, but I was different with you slightly the big
Or the plurality that mk1 and brawler and pomegranate was actually from the old class to me carrying gold juice
I know that but most of them didn't show up
Uh, you know, but it's interesting the Jewish journal supported uh
Bush but
The Democratic I guess it was forced to have it. Mm-hmm. What works? What would mean forced to have it?
Well, because they've always been the only liberals we got left in america or blacks and Jews
Well, what worries me is that they're getting older and older and older and they're not gonna be around much longer and I don't know
Who would you know the young people are gonna support at all? Yeah
Well, in other words that boards real well for getting out of the state of Florida in other few years
Well, it's gonna be George w versus uh, Gore and 90 in the year 2000 and uh, I don't know
It's gonna be like the 92 election all over again except I think gorge the real thing in quittany
Okay, whatever you say it had a great life
We have an overlighted broward all three lines in date county come on let's hear from all those people
I voted for out government who never met a criminal that they didn't like come on let's hear it five six seven oh five sixty
Palm five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
I would give you all the information on our center one campaign which by the way thank you to davel amon
You know
I ripped an ass in the sense of an interesting letter which I will read by the way
But I'd give you the center one information about how much our totals are in this synatina
We still have six borders that we have nothing for last week yet
And I left a message on Carol's answering machine over there at center one and I can't get any
I get no numbers from them. I get no nothing here on the inside and we're running the campaign in a vacuum
It's a fundraiser in our vacuum post so we know we're over 50 grand
We know you can go to your borders and pick up the best of meal or check out neorodgers.com on the internet
The Q.A.M. Unlike
Beats and quiet and I don't need to listen to Barney Fag
Barney Frank
Crying in in my ear because I've made a few bucks off a book. I worked on following because of paid public service
And I can be successful and that's pretty damn depressing
But as usual with every problem there is a solution
Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns
They scared the s*** out of people and intimidate them and giving you whatever you want
That's right handguns think about it. Need some cash?
Rub a bank don't have enough money for beard all the convenience
Makes chips and pretzels wire and it's all free if you've got a handguns
Some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend kill him to simple solution a life's complex problem
All I have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner
Now if you don't want to wait the five days who cares?
Buy the damn thing off the street just buy a lot of handguns
It's a great alternative to working problems out and get be considered a population control
Yes handgun they just might make a bank
Okay 10 45 and 5 60 WQM they just showed the numbers finally on CNN. It's only 10 40 complaints
Not going to be complaining this time are you a hair adorning
57 to 40 percent she what does that baby that red hair'd not see some bitch
Like to see that also Tommy Lee Jones for that was there was a polo accident. I remember hearing that
I mean anybody that plays polo don't they deserve like whatever they get
What your blue noses here's candle hello
Hey Neil yes sir good job of getting a vote out yesterday
Yeah, I did I got a lot of people out unfortunately not enough. We need another 300,000 especially here floor
Listen and reference to your comments from James Govart
But by the way I think of the book James Govart right excellent book. It is great
It's an interesting article in this month's vanity fair by Gore Vidal
Uh-huh. It's called award home and in fact he quotes
Number of times from the James Govart book. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Just a real quick to read you with the title of the
It's undercover. Oh, I can't miss that. Don't don't miss that one. Okay. Thanks
There you go. Gore Vidal. We all know about him. He's a genius, but of course he's one of those
We have an open line of days five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line
That's going to be the ticket by the way in the year 2000
Grovidal from president Barney Fag for vice president. What are you going to do then huh?
I think it just just to have a little fun. Okay
Just to get people a little nervous and see what it's like
After that election after they went overwhelmingly in a landslide
Then we're going to send all the three people to camp just for a couple of days not I mean not permanently just for a couple days
We'll have two on the euphoria arm, but
Just to get a taste of what it's like
Here's a mobile in Palm Beach garden. Hello
Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir
Did you see an article with some sentinel last week about the government employees and had
sexual intercapacitation and they fired her? No
Yeah, I'm gonna send you the article, but she's a government employee. Yeah
Presence together and we have to follow the same rules. Yeah. Okay. Good luck to you pal. Good luck
Here's your guy must have been sleeping like riff and winkle
We have an open line in Broward five six seven oh five sixty pound five six the other eighteen two wireless line
If everybody in Congress if everybody in the administration if everybody in the legislature was fired because they're having a
Banky-panky with somebody that works for our their staff then we would have anybody at office right now. Take it out. We'd have anarchy
Here's Miami. Hello
Miami. Yeah, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, look, I voted for Jeb. I know you like I think you should blow it out your ass
Yeah, and then that's that's the brilliant comment. There's a spec who voted for Jeb and I should blow it out my ass
And I let it go purposely because there you go with the mentality you're dealing with okay
I voted for Jeb, but I think you should blow it out your ass
Okay, now feel better. I do
See it. It's hopeless. I mean you're not gonna change these people the overwhelming majority of the Cubans and it is Cubans
It's not it's not Mexicans. It's not Nick or I wouldn't it's not Honduran. It's not Brazilians. It's not Puerto Rican. It's not
Colombians
It's a Cuban thing, baby
Now what does this mean up in smoking California?
It says the propositions boy. I mean they just frost my ass. Why can't you put it on the goddamn screen you assholes at CNN
What does that mean up in Trump? Does that mean that the thing lost the a medical marijuana? I don't know what that means
Jesus Christ almighty, you know, this is one thing about America
They make it hard as hell for a lot of people to go out and vote and then just to try to get the results
You have to stand on your head and go through a big strong event unless you care what the governor of Minnesota is
By the way Jesse the geek of Ventura is the governor of Minnesota just in case you missed it the first 40,000 times this morning
Here's Miami. Hello. How you doing sir? Okay, sir. He probably voted for out government too. No doubt. Oh sure you bet
Any man? I'm pretty name is he probably wrote births name in there a couple of times for something for that patient
You know who's the next governor of New York? How do you win Hulk Holders? I would sounds good to me
Hey, he couldn't do no worse. What's wrong with having a Hulk for governor? We're a better than the guy that got in there now
Yeah, that's true. Any other thing about a lemon twirl what I don't like is that it's piecemeal is county by county right
So if they county adopted I understand that but you got to start somewhere
I mean you deal with a crazy N.O.A.
Start somewhere and a past drive wide margin too by the way
That's your when I was out in line going to vote
I asked some of the Cuban people out here about neo-Rodges
Yeah, yeah, they're like they're all closet listeners. Oh, they're calling you
They're calling me a coca-cabinista too. Oh, come at East America. And that's the best kind and then when I told us you is too
They were all hog wild about it. Oh, yeah. Oh my god. At least you feel like a Catholic we could accept them
Hey, don't end over your due atheist. Oh my god. I didn't tell me
I will start a riot
Have a great life now. I'll read it out. She
We have an open line in Dave County. We got any Cubans that voted for mcay yesterday
That didn't put like a little swastika on the ballot when it went out there and voted
Can we find one you think we'll find one? No
It's a buddy. She's married to one. Did that count? No
5 6 7 0 5 60
Tom 5 60
See because usually your wife has very good sense in your case
I would make an exception but nobody's perfect
Here is the sunrise hello
No, yes, sir you called Ed Koch
The other day you called Jeb Bush and he was public in and not see yeah
Okay, look on that where I'm wrong. Do you know I think that your typical liberal who attacks with slander and just venom
Anyone who had a different view right? Who live in America?
People do have you know what I have a right to express my opinion and I'll say by what I said Jeb Bush to me is a fascist and Ed Koch is an old
Fag so what about it?
Let me ask you this do you deny that Ed Koch is an old bag?
What does her sexuality have to do with anything because it seems to me that when somebody who's a homosexual starts him even though
I'll demotivate of course for professions to be a good friend of the gay community
And it wasn't really an issue in that campaign
But when somebody is a turncoder who's a lifelong Democrat and supports the Republican party
I have a problem with that sir. What is it?
You're asking me like you like you don't know that he wants to marry New York?
He doesn't look out the model in that state is that our model came to a state when a situation was muted
No, it's better than when when when what when the size of when what's it?
What are you screaming about sir when what situation was needed?
He dealt with the model first hand
You never dealt with that
He dealt with the first match
Who needs to state what's going on?
He just said before it's American I have an opinion I don't like out of the model
He's a god then piece of crap, okay?
He's a turdburger
And they're dancing in the halls all over the White House today
The model went down in flames and it wasn't even close by the way
Chuck Schumer he's not probably not liking because Chuck Schumer is Jewish
That's what he's upset about
You anti-Semite?
We have an open line of day one and brown or five six seven oh five sixty and pound five
Six the on the AT&T wireless line
Yeah hate to break the news to you
But the days are all over all you go and head your chance
All you far visitor right wingers
The moderate go and you're okay, okay?
They're too busy playing polo whatever they're doing
But all you fanatics out there way they Christian right whatever they want to play
You're all your days are over
The Jews of blacks the fags the women we're taking over maybe it's our turn now
That's it
Suffered at Dan kill mostly brown or in Chicago because she's got real problems
Maybe she can run off with clearest time at clearest time is now and make up for last time
Where we going let's go to uh
Volka hello
Hello yes sir
Yeah, I'm a Democrat. I don't always agree with you Neil
But yeah compared to Ross limbo you're a breath of pressure. Yeah, Ross limbo
Yeah, whatever that's a lot of dance. Yeah
Uh my question is why didn't the Democrats push the fact that push a ring push push
Put when when jab was uh, is dead was in power. He pushed the 14 million
Yeah small business loan through the uh, sir the elections over hate to break the
There's nothing more boring than here in you know all the they pushed it
They talked about it about it never stole a freight train but all these phony deals and guess what it's still been making different
Don't blame jab bush for this blame the Democrats for putting a dead man up for governor
That's where the problem lays even even in a right wing state like this that's becoming more Republican by the moment
And the guy that called earlier was right
The old Jews are dying off their dino
In droves and of course they're not replacing them because there are no more old Jews anywhere at least not that old
And uh, that's the problem because the old the days of the very very very extremely liberal
Abroad and even parts of date. I mean look at all the people and you know something
Bursted and win date county by that much either. Let me take a puke and see what that number is
Dead county this is well. Listen to there's still a lot of votes were but only he was only ahead by 10,000
In fact, if you take the Cuban vote out of date county mcay won a date county
Handily
Why are you talking to who is that? Oh, it's just some crank
Some stick no actually some New Yorker. Oh some New Yorker. What a shock that is now. What is his problem
Let's put him on the ear immediately if not sooner that won't be him. It'll be him Q.A.M
Hello. Yes, sir. I am calling new speaking. I'm new. Hi. I'm a who you human see uh 59 year old right and uh
I'm a registered public and a voter for mcay. Oh my god. Wow. And I'll tell you what yes. I don't tell you why. Okay
Mr. Bush had his agenda one thing which is
giving vouchers to children right for school. I have a daughter in a public school. I can say for it
I voted against that because I think it's just law. The effect that that would have on the public school system right?
Is to have a legal link finished.
Finish off
Well, god bless you sir
And we won't give you your number out or your address. Don't worry. You can give it. I mean it's uh
I'm a cuban to listen candle. Yeah.
Registers are republican voter for many years. Right now I vote
Democratic. Okay good for you and hide under the bed. We'll let you know when the coast is clear. Okay. Okay. Good luck
Okay, we have two open lines to date. I know we'd find one sooner or later
You guys call yesterday who oh and you know something I must be really slow
Yesterday I was too politically oriented because when a guy called about sitting down when he pees
And he said about to get something tomorrow and the morning with a big rod that uh, I mean what what since does that make he's got to sit down
If you can't push it down when you're standing up how do I feel you push it down when you're sitting down?
I mean way way forward huh
No, not lean way forward you'd have to like mount the ball
Is what you'd have to do maybe that's what he's doing. Maybe he's mounting the ball
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha anybody ever mount the ball
Four minutes before 11 at 560 WQM
Roger show now on 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale
So
So
You tell me to lie, I love that Monica big fat guy
The star-public you tell can't deny
I ain't her big inhale, Empire
You, Yahoo, who knew?
My brother, that's a juice, what's quartered on you?
Love a Monica on the oval tile
I rolled that boy sick wheelist out
Making out with Monica, MLM
I couldn't have picked a fat or been bold
Feeling patriotic at my black post, Lord
I'm a whole-flawless and nearly choke
When you start dying my big fat
wheelist out of the speed like a hornet
a billy, Hillary's mess about at my knees
It's a whiskey adult to a reese
It's a whiskey, my co-reese
It's a whiskey, my co-reese
It's a whiskey, my co-reese
It's a whiskey, my co-reese
If we start a report, I really can't cope
I'm the president, not the friggin' post
The time is now and I'm coming cleave
I like my boobies with cherry cancree
The boys on the hill, see they may you be
All for getting stu-spotted, true time and leech
Time to hire a cock, pretty could ease legit
If you didn't spit, they must be quick
When my cram is over in time, just blow
I'm jumping Hillary like an opportunity to
Never stop the Hillary that's all I know
She's all getting busy with January and New
She's trying to make the ones hold me a bump
I might have gotten stu-spotted shit to come
Scared to death, mother can take it to stand
Excuse me, general bum, if you can't stand
Excuse me, general bum, if you can't stand
Excuse me, general bum, if you can't stand
Excuse me, general bum, if you can't stand
Excuse me, general bum, if you can't stand
Excuse me, general bum, if you can't stand
Excuse me, general bum, if you can't stand
Excuse me, general bum, if you can't stand
Sticking us a girl with tins to stick
Your big, dead, big, black, black, red
We're the first to see your dress
Cleared it, beyond, it was coming in
I got a little sicker, I'm ready to unzip
So I can't start doing linda trips
Checking out the booties, I'm ready to pop
Or, and everybody, I'm letting my pants
Eager off!
Squared, squirt
Lebanon on three at five-sixty, WQ, I got the man, dogs, you manage
Yeah!
For Hank this afternoon from two to six, Hank's down
Away to the breeders cup
And then we got the booster, briefly six to seven
We got the panties and the black Hawks
Don't I, anybody ready for that?
Uh-huh
I area girl, he's pretty excited about it
So they're having a recount of the Garcia-Gutton race
Because it was less than 300 votes different
And of course we know that there might be a little hanky panty
You know, you don't think there could be that, do you?
No
Christian Coalition's stalwart
US Representative Vince Snowbarger
Lost the Democrat Dennis Moore in Kansas
While Democrat Tammy Baldwin became the first open lesbian elected to Congress
in Madison, Wisconsin
In Washington State, sneaker mom versus Christian mom
And come at Democrat Patty Murray, V.U.S. Representative Linda Smith
A Christian right conservative backed by a cadre of diehard known as Linda's Army
And Patty Murray beat the snout out of her wasn't even close
And as far as the medical marijuana thing, this is stuff that's been sent to the
Internet
Medical marijuana voters in Washington State, Oregon, Alaska, and Nevada
Appeared to be approving measures to legalize medical marijuana
Arizona appeared to be turning it down and we have nowhere on California or the
Adiffered Columbia
Open line in the Broward, all three in date of course, five six seven, oh five
six, eight, five, six, the animal, the one line
It's hard to make a phone connection in date when you're under the bed hiding with
your cell phone, I understand
Here's for Lauderdale, hello
Yeah, I need to
Yes sir
Yeah, you mentioned that you'd like all this when the facts take over
or like all the three people to put them in concentration camps and all that
So they've never found what a place to be gay
It's the other way to find what it's like to be gay
Yeah
And you took that seriously so you wanted a conversation about that comment?
No, I just like to make a report
And what you're talking about?
If you'd like to have every penny that you ever worked for your entire life taking away from you from the
government, like many of the Cubans that got happened a lot of the Cubans that came here from Cuba
What do you think of that?
What does that mean?
What would you be willing to go through that?
Well what does that got to do?
Well, that got, we're not in Cuba sir, we're in the United States
The United States is where the Cubans were given the opportunity to come and rebuild their lives
I don't see too many Cubans complaining about being here
Well, I'm just saying
You're talking to me
Yeah, well get somebody else, okay?
Not interested in hearing your baloney
I mean, well what the hell is the comparison with that?
Okay, we got one call left on the board
We got two open lines in Broward, 500 and date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and 0.5, 60 on a mobile one line
I make obviously a tongue-in-cheek comment
And this guy wants to have a dialogue about it
He wants to give me a retort
Comparative suffering, who's suffering the most?
Okay, let's talk about today, who has been persecuted the most?
Cuban, Blacks, Jews, Fags, come on, somebody else
Indian, comparative suffering, I love those discussions, man
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0.5, 60 on a mobile one line
Here's Hollywood, hello
Hello
Hello, Neil
Speak to me, sir
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay
I'm taking a vote because of that evil marijuana
They don't let us vote anymore
You know, so we're persecuted to the five smokers
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
Oh, yes, following you with you
I have a little bit of weed and you know, let you vote
Oh, you had a phone?
Oh, I'm afraid about that, right?
I'll hardly come on
You're for not sitting down though when you got that morning rocket
Yeah
Just turn on the sink full blast, walk right up
And on the floor
Okay, okay pal
Okay, aim straight
There's a straight hue to four, just like feeder North
When in doubt, put your dink in the sink is what he said
And the reason that we've got nobody call is
They see a searching for satellite signals raining like the end of the world out there
So we got a captive audience
They're just afraid they're going to get electrocuted when they pick up the phone and call
Which they will
But I think you know and my birthday's coming up tomorrow anybody
Thank you very much Gary the Simon who brings me a nice card to check for center one
And we heard from center one yet today by the way
Is our good friend Carol giving us any reports and any updates on the month with no
Well, I'm telling you Carol you're making it in very very hard. I'm doing the best I can
We got over 50 grand in for center one. We got two months to go
But it's very very hard. I'm having an easier time getting the results from the election results from Hawaii
That I am getting another returns from center one
But thanks Gary the Simon who sends me a beautiful life millenium calendar
I'll look back at the past thousand years for 99 and every day on their it's all here
And the reason for that is we have no address
Nobody nobody knows our job even I don't know the address
I know I don't want to know the friend. Huh?
I give it up to people all day long
But I'm just telling you that the ordinary schmuck out there that's not going to make the effort of calling you for an address
Which would be me and like most other people
They we have no word like unreachable. We're unavailable
No, I think we need to get a PO box or something because I bet you we've been getting some checks and mail for center one
And certainly tons of birthday cards, but we just don't get any mail here at the QA because we're like lost in space
There's been a major setback today for the NBA lockout player representative Chiu
If you can pull it off, please pair
Please come up with your name ball and probably
If you don't have to pull it off, I'm not going to pull it off
I'm not going to pull it off, I'm not going to pull it off
If you don't have to pull it off, you're going to be the state guard
And you're going to be the number one, number one, number one, number one, number one, number one
You've won, number one, number one, number one, number one, number one, number one
And you're all flammable, both
Thank you
Okay, let me 13 at 560 WQM, we have two open lines in date 567 05 60, 05 560, and a mobile one line
Anybody know how that speaking of Indian gambling?
Major major issue on a ballot out there in California about the Indians
And they spent between the casino people in Vegas and the Indians on a reservation out there
They spent millions and millions of dollars on the both sides of that issue
And of course if the Indians got gambling approved, the Vegas people are going to be psychotic and losing a lot of revenue
Anybody know how that turned out?
No
I mean it's only 11.15 in the morning, 8.15 on the west coast
You know, we're a little bit slow here, anybody got the answers to these questions?
No!
See if we had a real computer in here, we just say to George during the break
I mean I realized I'm getting way out of line now
If we had a real computer in this studio, which we have no room for anyway
And had some contact with the outside world that could hook onto the internet right now
And just look these things up instead of sitting here like, well, blah blah blah like that
Like that, the shoe for always just doing
Does anybody got to see that's the way we function here?
Does anybody out there know?
Is there anybody who used to work in our news department at the old station?
Got any information on it?
That's the only way we know because this station has got no contact
All we know is that Jesse the body venture of one governor of Minnesota
That was a comment and passing on a station this morning about there being an election yesterday
Because there's more important stuff like let's rehash the dolphin game again from my son day, which is only Wednesday
Here's North and Palm Beach, hello
Hey Uncle Neil, here's a goriam in North Palm under the age of 100 who voted for Buddy McKay
Yeah, McKay did good in Palm Beach, won it
Yeah, that's what I wasn't sure about because you were absolutely correct on the media coverage last night at seven o'clock
I was sitting down on my big fat ass on the couch ready to watch it rooting for the Democrats
And all of a sudden we get a little piece from Tom Broke all of a sudden they go to that stupid magazine show
Right magazine show is squeal of fortune, jeopardy
I mean God forbid the local channels should sacrifice half an hour to give us the God damn news information
God forbid that should happen
Well I was really proud of Palm Beach County
Well this is still with only part of it in but yeah, McKay wanted to handle it about 40,000 votes
Okay, good
Well I was ready last night I had to wait till 10 o'clock to find out that the two those two right wing extremists from North Carolina and New York had lost and I was very happy about that
Lot of fair cloth and Al the motto
I don't even try and flames, I love it
I was great
And that guy that called before I hope he elopes with Ed Prakash, I hope they have a great life together
Him and Crock
Take care Neil, love you
Have a great day pal
Yeah, a lousy coverage baby
And yeah, and the media who are always just screaming the oh it's your it's your civic duty
You've got to get out and vote and the meantime all they want to do is put the same bull crap on there the same crashing airplanes the same naked gymnast
The same whatever the hell kind of bull crap they're putting on there the same shootouts at the okay corral the same bleeding bodies
They're on Channel 7 news
For every time we're sent you believe the parking lot you got a chance of that happening but anyway
Here's a mobile in the Gables hello
How you doing Neil?
Okay, sir
Well first of all the only cubans that don't like you are the old ones and those those don't have too much left in a menu
Well true, I assume
True of them coming east they're all bunch of commonestans to be asked me
Yeah, next I'm a whole year I voted for Buddy McKay
Really?
I voted Democrat Democrat across the board
I'm registered Republican
Yeah
That's sick of the crap
Yeah
And you know, basically yeah
What scares me though is the old cubans are trying to dam this to influence the newer generation
I have a friend of mine who voted Republican
I asked them what you're reasoning behind voting for guys like Bush who have no experience whatsoever
Right
They want to slow for the heat
He couldn't answer me
He didn't know he had
He had brainwashed just like his Catholic religion is the same thing they bring you up automatically if you're Cuban in his town
You've got to be Catholic you've got to be a Republican and you've got to be as far to the right as you possibly can
And conceal your homosexuality
That doesn't matter
Yeah
Okay, have a great day pal
Oh, on the old cubans
Congratulations
What are you laughing about?
Those are the three main things
Hide your boy friends
Be a good obedient Catholic
Of course it's hard to be a good obedient Catholic unless you don't consider relationship with father or tool being homosexual
Well, he's just a minister to your needs I guess
You're all in crockle right
He's just ministering your needs
Because we all know when it comes to those Cuban churches in schools like Columbus
There's no fact in the church
Make no mistake about that
And we all know they're just visitors
They're tourists over there in Westland
There's no Cuban dizzling around at JC pennies over there in Westland
That's for the answer
Those are two desters
That's right they're probably French Canadians
Because Cubans don't do that
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale
Hello
Hi, Neil
Yes sir
Listen, new listener first time ever getting through to you
I enjoyed the show by half to tell you I couldn't vote for me
Because he's a walking stiff
Yeah, I'm meeting one
Well, I'm meeting that I don't know the guy
He seems like he's on the project like the governor was
I mean the guy just doesn't seem to have it together for me
Well, the governor was also a walking stiff
So what they're into that make?
Okay, at least he was a buffer against the far right
At least he wasn't against women's rights to choose for themselves
At least he wasn't for public school vouchers
So that we can put the public school system out of business
I do have to agree with you Neil
Listen, I'm going to say
Well wait a minute, so you see you have to agree with me then
How could you say you voted for Jeb Bush?
I didn't vote for Bush
I didn't vote for McCay
I didn't vote for E.J.
I sure it's not the vote actually
Yeah
I voted on every other subject of my voting
I voted because I wasn't agreeing with either of them
Well, that's brilliant
I'm certain now I want to tell you I do sit down to be
Because I got to get rid of the house
I don't want to catch me
Yeah, okay
Okay, don't ever call the show again, pal
We have an open line in Broward all of a day
5 6 7 0 5 60
0 5 5 60 on a mobile one line
I believe that guy really has to sit down to pee
And after the reason he said
He's got to sit down to pee
Make no mistakes, Quartz Quartz
Here's Delray Beach, hello
Okay, nice talking to you
Here's a mobile in Miramar, hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
I heard you talking about the Indians in California
California
Yeah, they do
Yeah, they went through
They did
Yeah, they got their casinos
What, people in Vegas are going to be psychotic
I know, and I heard that's supposed to be not far from Santa Anita
That's why I was interested in it because I'm in the horse industry
Right
Santa Anita is being sold soon
But that had nothing to do with it
But that casino was supposed to be not far from Santa Anita
Yeah, I wonder, because the only people I heard who
Spend a lot of money with the people from Vegas and the Indians
But you would think they're just like here in Florida
Remember when we headed on the ballot every pound of beer
That's right, per me
When Ballistic and spent a lot of time in money
Propagodizing against the evils of casino gambling
That's right
That's going to take a bite out of Santa Anita
And you know, Hollywood Park's biggest holding is casinos now
They're buying a ball of room, but some of them are sticky now
Right, well, they're getting smart
Yeah, all right
Thanks for the easy way
See, that's the way we find out from the audience
Because we have no contact with the outside world in here
We're in a vacuum
We have an open line in Broward
We do know it's raining like hell because my satellite
This is searching for satellite signal on the little dish
And what happens, you know, it's raining cats and dogs
Because just like Little Brian North Cross said
You know, it was the greatest moment in recent times
I'm watching Channel 6 News last night
And I forget who the weather guy was
But I want us to look to weather guy whoever was on Channel 6
One of their non-descript people whose name I don't know
But he said, yeah, Mitch, the remnants of it are coming
We're going to have a lot of rain
But you don't have to panic, don't go running to the stores
No plywood, no bottled water, no batteries
It's just going to be a lot of rain
And I loved it because you just knew he was taking a good shot at the weather theory
I loved the way he said it
Nice going to our Channel 6
But time he did something right
On by the way, Jennifer Velopi
I threw that thing out from CityLinke, which I should have saved
About how when they moved to their new studios in Miramar
Jennifer wants to be picked up by Limazine and the brought to and from work every day
And how she thinks her don't stink
And how Tony Segredo wants back in
And he wants his hand back in the sports department
How they all hate him like poison over there
And how he's trying to tell him how to run the sports department
Even though they made him into a news anchor, which nobody believed
Got some real problems over there at Channel 6
Here's Tamarack, hello
And you?
Maybe Barry Dillard can tell him what TV's really all about
Yes sir
And you know, I'm just going to see if you're as upset as I am that that the butt flyer is thoroughly crisp lost
Same asshole I called yesterday
Yeah, and?
I just called to see if you're upset
I mean, I really did vote for the guy I think I didn't know
Let me ask you this
Do you think your call was amusing yesterday?
No, I mean, I really want to know
I mean, you don't vote so you know, too
Let me say it again just like I said yesterday
You really think that the call was amusing
That you start out with a story about your wife voted one way and you voted the other
And negative about it and then you give me a song event about the guy had had no chance in the first place
And I always pro gay and pro this
Well, what does that have to do with anything?
And now you're calling me again, is this like your obsession in life?
Or are you just all bent out of shape because of your right wing Christian fanatics lost last night?
Is that what it is?
That's pretty bad
Yeah, that's pretty much it
Too bad
You lose
I mean, you know, there's only one thing this this guy could be on for two seconds is Jackass
Who calls two days in a row
There's only one thing you need to call ask him where you fudge back and we know the answer
We have an open line in Broward to a date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line
See this is this is what you deal with when you deal with the little myopic combines
You can't have a disagree with religion politics a sports or you like that teen you're an asshole
Yeah, because then it makes you a bad guy
Now I will say this that I would agree that if you happen to be one of those very far right leaning nazis
That it wouldn't my opinion make you a bad guy or bitch or whatever you might be and I don't want nothing to do with you
Just stay the hell away
But this guy got like an obsession he's got a recommend obsession is what he's got
Here's a curl spring, so I know yes sir men should be standing up
Yeah, that's what killed Elvis
He wasn't being sir. He was doing drugs sitting down. So I guess the messages do your drug standing up? Is that it?
We have an open line in Broward. He's just reading okay
He was getting some reading matter which or anybody does and you could read blood in America and get some good reading material
Because you know a mind is a terrible thing to waste
I'm probably one of the few people in the world that's got the balls on a plane
When I'm sitting there my first pass cabbid on a plane and I got to finally
Absolutely correct sure get out of here do that
Which I hate doing on the plane by the way there's a little very old guy
But when nature finally is calling and will not take no for an answer
I'm the only person in the world probably that takes either whatever I got a newspaper or a book up into the toilet on the plane
If I think I'm going to be in there more than two or three minutes
What? I never I never see anybody else do that
It's just not proper etiquette and you know what I don't give a crap
Because if I'm going to be sitting down there I mean in which your brain a little bit read something even if it's the
The national inquirer even if it's the tabler even if the guy damn son you probably get better information than we get here
Oh by the way yes gambling one in California the Indian
The guy just called and told me that if you would stop not going to call him for these at once
That's just it they were just calling the guy was just on the air telling me that like two calls ago three calls ago
Before the guy that's got his back bone problem before that guy
They counties open even though it may be raining like that now the thing is it's going to try to come back on or not this satellite
Well must be the end of the world out there like I said I think the kind of channel six let us down
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line as we wait for a tremendous response from Dave
But don't panic
Here's a mobile in Cooper City hello
Hi Neil yet it's the world coming to an end with the water's up to my
Put my red bone yeah
And I was wondering who is the bigger bitch Tony or Jennifer as that's a big question
Tony or Jennifer?
Bloppy
Oh Tony is a cigarette or Jennifer Bloppy I don't know
I'm just sitting here in the rain Neil
I voted straight Democrat my who we at wife voted straight Democrats as I told her to
And on on the way out of the polling place where you put your ballot in the box
My wife left the bride and I was still voting and when I got outside she said you know the old the old fart
Who gives out the stickers as I voted yeah you slapped it on her breast and cough a little feel what's up with that
There you go
I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away I we move away
I we move away that's what I call a splitting hairs
What's up, Tom?
1132 or 560 WQM our good friend Eric in Orlando who does such a great job on our neo-roger.com website is unfortunately in this case wrong
Sorry Eric you are you said travel gaming past in California which it did but he also says there were no propositions regarding medical marijuana
That's long it was on the ballot we just can't get an answer on it for whatever the reason
Now what about this trip to Columbia here's one the took long making their own hands and trying to be for from legalized gambling to they doesn't say
We got 600 open lines waiting on you they understand I realize you don't want to get on the phone there
You're probably out playing tennis playing golf you're out there wandering around the middle of the street even over like drowning over here I understand
Probably a lot of people still wandering around looking for their polling place
Try Westland understand there's a lot of fooling going on over there here's a mobile in Miami hello
Hello? Yes sir
Hey I'm money out
Sounds like you
Okay how you doing?
Okay
Listen so is it true that jab is in huh?
Is it true? No, so I give the news it's just propaganda
What did he win by?
Sir let me ask you do you have a television set you buy a newspaper?
I don't buy a newspaper, huh?
You have to hear on your chinny chin chin. Okay we have an open line a day that won by about 45 million votes
Open line a day one and Broward five six seven oh five sixty five sixty on the mobile one
Hook him up with the guy who's looking for for that Chris guy's rectum
Here's a mobile in Miami hello
Hello? Yes sir?
Yes. How you doing there for five dollars?
All right
Yeah I was at the polling place yesterday and it was like 500 of them jab supporters out there
Yeah
And as I walked by I said I heard her and I thought I heard the heels come together
Uh-huh
Yeah man what a joke that is
I found it ruined man we don't know what we're going to do
You don't know what you're going to do?
Yeah I think I want to leave now
Okay I'll pack your sandwich
Okay we have an open line in the day that do one Broward five six seven oh five sixty five five sixty on the mobile one line
Come on how about a little happy birthday for Neil tomorrow I'm going to play it for myself because I'll forget tomorrow
Thank you
I mean you know oh feel a Henry what the hell is that all about is it an imposter?
How you doing Neil? Are you sure?
Yeah it is good for you. Are you? Are you?
Are you feel Henry?
He did
I am
Ed Ed
I was looking at your website and I got suddenly Tury I did
Really? I got I had I wanted to call
Tury I'd about what?
I thought I'm still on the air down here I miss you I get Tury I'd about it every day to be honest with you
You get Tury I'd every day about it
Oh Jesus say a crap man you you are so lucky we've gotten out of here
I don't know
So I'll ask you the question
You're about to get what?
I'm about to get nailed again by somebody I think it's a host that we fired here late night host to KFI
Who is now you know objecting to the youth my use of the word die come here
Suck my dick
No he said die
Yeah Suck my dick
Yeah
So I never have to went to Brian Kosseloss who we ever get that thing in the last time?
I have no idea I haven't heard of anything I haven't heard anything
It just all goes on
And the meter is running the meter is running into Cox people are paying and it's great
It's something that Storm calls me every now and again to give me an update or to do
Oh a normal call to you that's good doesn't make me turn my calls I'm glad you're doing well what he feels like it
Ever since that whole thing about the feet in the arena?
In between hits he you know
So anyway I got to miss you and I called George to get the email address if you guys have one
No
So he'll give it to you
Alright
So let me ask you did the medical marijuana thing passed out there?
I don't yeah it did
Did it? Yeah it passed two years ago
No no I mean yesterday
Well the medical marijuana initiative passed in 96
You know what I'm calling you? Yeah no with them
It passed in 96
No
And they haven't been able to implement it
Right
With the real thing
But that was on a ballot again yesterday and that's the one thing I can't get any answers to
By the way Bob Dornigot being handling
You really have a crook broken up about that
Oh man
The red of Sanchez won down there
It's kind of hard to challenge the outcome of the edelach and we lost by 45 million votes
You know that's the one thing that's the front page of the LA Times
Is the medical marijuana initiative?
I mean maybe I'm dreaming because now people are telling me it wasn't on a ballot
I know it passed in Nevada and it passed in Washington state
After Washington state it was on a ballot in I think it lost in Arizona
It was on a ballot in DC and supposedly California maybe they give us some more information
Maybe it wasn't on there
No California passed in 96
Because I know Oakland the city council there because they shut the place down
And Oakland was your what do I tell you this for?
You're out there you know what the story is
Well what happened was I think in Oakland they shut it down because there's a court challenge to it
That's what happened I mean you know things get bad
The city council made an exception
They said that they have to give these people a place by one vote I think it was a five four vote
Right
So they have to give these people a place to get their medical marijuana and they okayed it
Yeah well it but like I said like everything else it's been thrown into a courtroom
Because you know some people just don't like it
If you do anybody smoke and dope so
Well too bad for them
It's not in there
So how are you doing out there?
How's things at KF5 Bill?
Things were great till our last book
We had a bad book
Oh it's a horrible but horrible summer book
But things were okay up until then
Yeah
Still on at night that's never going to change
And what happened with the deal with the stupid talk that we're done here
That we kept hearing those rumors you were going to be simulcasting down here
Which everybody?
Yeah I mean what we have you know we're still looking to syndicate the show
But I don't want to do it with you know just any network I'm sure you understand that
And Koch broadcasting was actually going to put a proposal about syndicating the show
Yeah
And it frankly was no good it was a lousy proposal
Yeah that's good
You know we decided not to go with that
What about your show because I had talked to Norma
Oh yeah
Oh Norma is really knocking doors down there
He's knocking doors down to find medical marijuana is what he's looking for in non medical
But forget about him
No I'm stuck I'm stuck with a you know with a Pudgey old Jew for a lawyer
Who's like you know all rolled up into a ball over there waiting for the Dodgers to sign
And welcome counter play for his base
And other than that nothing's going to happen here
Well you know well
Although we are in here and Fort Myers
It took us off for while the protest was so big and then the numbers came out
We actually had a number over there
And at Beasley station where we're in there and Fort Myers and all those those took us yeah
So what is that is that something that the company is doing or you guys are doing that in the party
No they just open up a pot and they stick it on there
That's a Beasley station
Why don't you do it station by station like I was talking to you about
Yeah
Yeah I can't ever mind
Amaco this week X on next week
Yeah
Maybe they still have a sonoco down in the corner
Oh wait down the line so that's the only new crap that's going on
Well what do you mean by that?
Why do you mind if you want to know about King of the Hill and the Simpsons
Oh yeah we got we're going to be on King of the Hill in January
It's one episode
Yeah I played coach Sowers
Who's the Hank Hills old coach
Hank Bauer
Hank Bauer
Hank Bauer
Yeah
And the Simpsons I'm not
Matt Greening did a
On our CD this year Matt Greening did a drawing
Where Simpsons rendering of me on the CD itself
You're not going to be on the show
I'm not going to be on the Simpsons no
What did I did?
No I did for Futurama but
Sogmyd
Yeah
That's what I said to him as I was leaving the room
Yeah that's probably why you're not going to be on
That way the line I had to read I tried to blew it so
Oh and by the way today is the last taping of my show for Wanny for Barry Dillard's
failed experiment channel 69
Well I was looking at that on your website
Oh my God
You'll be the one
That's right
If you're watching you're the one
You're the one
The biggest bomb since Hiroshima man
Why?
It's a butcher job
Everything you can't hear the audio
And then when you crank the audio up there's a big hum job on here
Which even Monica never gave one
It's just incredible
It's an abortion
Old stations got like zeros you know
This is very delicious
Yeah
Yeah getting paned by everybody
Somebody who I we had an appearance last week and never like three or four of my Emmy people
Who all in a rose said yeah you know watch TV
Niels TV show
Yeah real fast
Before it goes on
But it's the same old crap down here
Same old dead people and of course we got a you know
Fascist governor now because they ran a dead man against them
But we'll do a bush yeah I heard about that
I believe that
Yeah this is bush country you know
Yeah
Hey I uh LLant tells out here
Yeah how's he doing
New into three
Well the guy that he replaced with any Ronald Owen's who isn't San Francisco and everybody said the thing
Yeah Ronald Owen's used to be on KGO
Yeah and he was in Miami too
Yeah
He was in Miami
He's still on KGO but they were sound cast in this show
I see
And uh everybody said the same thing they sound alike
They sound like the same guy
Ellis Randall sounds like Ronald Owen
Ron Ronald and they're the same voice
The same voice quality
Everything
So one of them's conservative I guess Randall is a
A self-painting fact yeah
Something like that
Yeah
The other guy was liberal so
Randall's on from noon to three
And then Joyce Kaufman dropped a tape off a KFI
Oh my god
Oh Jesus
Oh
Joyce Kaufman and I'm sitting down here in Miami begging for calls every day for four hours
How you gonna do it?
Well I will no longer give you any
No don't do anything don't do it
Now
Begging for calls for hours a day
How's your family doing?
My family my mother's good
My sister's fine
Yeah
My family
I'm talking to a wife and you're all here
Oh yeah
Yeah my wife's fine
I'm trying to be a nice guy and pretend that I care you know
Get her alright
Okay
So in other words after we get to Brian Choskin then and then the other guy that said then we work on the divorce papers
Better get no more on the phone
I'm very happy at three
We live out in Ventura County which is about 40 miles away from LA
Ventura County, then that's a great boxer, the governor of Minnesota
That's you the body yeah
Yeah
Yeah
And that's the first thing he said on ABC News this morning
It was on the body
The body yeah
Really?
I don't know what that's about man
He was on KSTP when I was in Minneapolis
I don't know what that's
I don't know what that's about
I don't know what I'm over the place
You think that that was the end
With all these upsets, two more in New York and boxer wins again, color point
All these upsets last night and Democrats like pull it off this mirror
The only thing that was made appears about is that Jesse the body Ventura is governor of Minnesota
It's wrestling
That's one thing at this house, it's very big of this house
I've got two strip kids
I'm not understanding any other questions
Okay Phil, take care of yourself
Thanks for coming in with me
I'm gonna hold you
Hang on
Alright
Get some job info from him, find out where there's some openings up there
17 till noon at five, I'm serious
So at five, 60, go to the police station
