Q-A-L.
In the wind, D-A-Y.
As you see, K-S.
All right.
It's a new deal is by the way, after somebody croaks Dennygne, be out at, that's the new deal.
Montgomery Cliff, book out about him, he was a fag.
Ooooo!
Let's see, who else?
Barbara Jordan, we already knew that.
She was a digh.
Ooooo!
Anthony Perkins, dead, he was a fag.
Barbara Stanwick, she was a digh.
To her own power, he was a fag.
Barbara Stanwick's second husband, Robert Taylor.
I remember Robert Taylor, he was like an Ivan Hoer stuff like that.
He was a fag.
And what would men we already knew that, that's old news.
So anyway, how long before the Roddy McDolleville comes out?
Jean Autry and Roddy McDolle in the same weekend.
Wow.
Pretty heavy duty.
Heavy duty stuff.
So anyway, I don't want to talk football because I don't talk football in the show, but
I do want to say this.
I get in the car, I was supposed to do it all in the game yesterday.
Boy, talk about us, news inducing event.
Good God.
And that asshole I called on Friday was giving me a song and a dance about how there's
more physical, football is more physical and hockey.
Those two or three assholes included in the New York Slaub, who, yeah, you're a schmuck.
You know, I'm watching that stuff yesterday and you're screaming at the set.
Let's play already and they stand around in the referee.
You know, before he blows it, he's a dick and around in the screw and around.
Blow it a whistle, get in the goddamn, a huddle, call a play, get up the line of
scribbling, let's play some football already.
Let's have some action.
Oh no, they're diddling around it, diddling around it, diddling around Jesus, Joseph
and the Sarah.
But at any rate, so I see that embarrassing, a humiliating performance.
One of the worst I have ever seen in my life by a dolphin team.
I mean, unquestionably by any standard, I get in the car to go to the store and I'm listening
to these idiots calling up Kimba Bo camper and they're, they're whining.
We're about to officiating.
We're about to this and about that.
You know something, I'm going to tell you something.
It's a lost cause.
So maybe it's an every time, but in this town, trying to talk to, I mean, these dolphins,
if there are really such people, if they really understand the sport, that was a pathetic
performance yesterday by the team, by the coaching staff.
Good, golly, all the blind man could have done a better job coaching the team yesterday
to this guy.
I heard that Jets fan call the worst team.
I'm coming to work this morning.
Got a great chuckle out of that.
Have a couple more.
Donuts, Jimmy.
There you go.
What do you call them?
A bowling bowl with arms, something like that.
Oh, I loved it.
I mean, just pathetic.
Okay.
So it is only one game.
I grant you that.
But why can't you be honest?
Why is it the so called fans in this town?
Always have to have an excuse.
They have to blue sky.
They have to do all of a sudden the bullcrap.
I don't know.
Maybe because they just don't know what the other talking about.
That could be it.
Could that be it?
Might just be.
So the house judiciary hearings are going out right now.
The house judiciary committees having their hands.
There is Bill McCallum from Florida.
Oh, geez.
God.
Pott him up for about one second.
That's a more serious.
Too much.
He had about a half a word.
Too much in there.
Better watch it, Mr.
So we had our big appearance at the gallery as Carol going to call us this morning.
Sometime are we going to because this thing is starting off very disorganized and slowly.
If you know what I mean, our center one campaign this year, which T shirt Tom.
Overcaptured glory made some great t shirts.
The best ever by the way this year they're black and they have on the front.
The cover of one of our CDs and on the back, they got the cover of the other CD in full
color and multicolor and really sharp.
I mean, these are great.
What do we sell six of these on a Saturday?
Maybe seven.
Maybe seven.
You know, tomorrow night at the pizza lot, the thing is going to determine for us.
I realize that the I got to tell you the gallery was very nice to us.
So I mean, the borders people over by the gallery.
But that particular location and you know, we had four people drive over all the way from
Fort Myers on Saturday.
All the way from Fort Myers, they drove over to come and pick up the best of CDs and say
hi to me and go on those stupid picture cards with a autograph and buy whatever else they
did and make their donations to center one.
Four people all the way from Fort Myers in the local area, they didn't brow it.
Not too much.
Maybe they couldn't find it.
Maybe they were like fat Joe from Moammy.
Maybe they're over the plantation borders looking around.
But if you live out in West Broward or anywhere west of anywhere, it's so awfully tough to get
over there because some rise Boulevard is a nightmare.
Jesus, why are they going to get that done sometime in our lifetime?
No, man.
From where I live out there in plantation, took me 45 fricking minutes to get there
because of the construction because you nerds up there on the weekend can't drive a lick.
You couldn't drive it if your life depended on it.
So it was a pretty poultry turnout.
Did we get a number?
Did Carol just call you or what?
And the number is, yes, we'll know in an hour about what they did downstairs.
But 1,110 upstairs.
Well, we already knew that.
Well, that's on old merchandise and the t-shirt.
It said has nothing to do with the new CDs and stuff.
But I thought what about the total for all the stores?
Are we going to be getting that every Monday?
Or is this going to be kind of a half-assed operation this year?
Because that's the feeling I get.
What?
Half-assed operation.
Well, I mean, what kind of a deal is that?
How do we have any idea of how much progress we're making?
How much we have to prod the natives out there?
What do we have to do with this thing to raise any money?
You can't do that just sitting back and waiting for a number to fall out of the sky.
Like the duck on the groucho,
Mark's show falling down with that...
Don't be fisticate.
Sign on its ass, on its beak.
So I don't know.
Maybe, you know, of course, I had forgotten two years ago
when we did the when borders all carried the stuff and stocked all of their stores.
Our live appearance is actually a war of diminishing importance because,
I mean, who the hell needs to see me?
And George and us assholes, you know?
When you can go into borders any day of the week at your convenience and pick up the best of CDs
and cassettes and what have you.
That's a point.
They had the dropped off dramatically.
I remember the old days when we started doing this and we'd go to whatever store it might have been.
And we do $78,000, $9,000 on a Saturday.
It was great.
But in the meantime, if you didn't chew up on that day,
those were the only opportunities.
And we raised only a fraction in those days for charity what we are right now.
We hope.
So all the border stores in Dayton,
Broward have got our best of CDs for $97,000 to $97,000.
They're great if we say so ourselves.
And if you want those or the t-shirts which are sensational,
which I'd sure be proud to wear if I could sew two of them together?
Ah, no, we'll be at the appease a lot.
Sixth day to clock tomorrow night, 35, 14th South University Drive.
You don't even have to buy a, come buy a, buy a meal.
You don't have to buy anything.
All you got to do is be alive because they set up the table out in front there.
And if you just want to, well, you know, make your donation and get the merchandise,
you don't even have to come in and see us.
Because then, Jeff will try to, you know, steer you over to the table and make you sit down and buy dinner.
If you do that, we hope you will do that, but nevertheless, it's your choice.
And I do want to say this, the guy with the eye showed up there on Saturday.
He was on his best behavior.
Oh, I saw him, Ken.
He said that from young, from young Kipper, he atoned for his sins.
And no, he did say that.
No, he's taken a turn for the best.
He was on his very good behavior and he was, he was okay.
And Gilbert was there and he was saying, I take me after that and as usual,
as only Gilbert could do acting like a real jerk.
And Fat Joe, our camera guy from Wamy, because Ron was there from our Wamy crew
and our, uh, waning, dying days on a Wamy show.
And Fat Joe, while we were waiting and waiting, if they could point out,
the Gilbert's putting on this incredible act.
Wouldn't it be great to have Fat Joe here with that camera?
I put this on the TV show so we can sprite, spoo, spoo, spoo sit up a little bit.
Well, Fat Joe was over at the borders in plantation is where he was.
Oi!
And by the time he got around to figuring out what day it was and calling it one-fifteen,
by the time he would have gotten from there to where we were,
we'd all been leaving anyway.
So we didn't get any of that.
So like I said, and starting tonight, by the way, the show on Wamy on Channel 69 is at 10.30 only,
but it will be from today.
It'll actually be like on the same day that you, uh, you know,
that you heard the radio show.
Is that going to make a difference?
No, of course not.
But I'm just telling you that just in case,
case you want to see these beautiful t-shirts from Tom over captured glory,
the near Rogers t-shirts, which I know most of you are too, uh, you know, too uptight
to walk out in public and we're there.
You can just walk where I'm in the house,
where I'm around the house and then have like a little bell on it.
So they're if you're going to go outside the building,
oh, better take this off before I go outside.
It's 10.09 at 5.60 WQA.
Don't you just need us.
I will.
So the house judiciary committee hearings are going on right now.
I'm sure that many people are sitting there just glued to their
sense watching this crap, which you're here's that the representative George Geek.
It's a trapezoid killer who's a pontificating.
You know, John Connures for president.
That's what I say.
Oh,
the collection's a little bit too dark.
There's a guy who's brilliant.
He's a genius, too smart for most of you folks.
But in any way, it's interesting how the media continues playing this crap.
This is one of the saddest chapters in the history of the human race and especially of this country.
A country that's like a very, very fond of apetting itself on the back
and writing a while and talking about how great we are and how much better we are in everybody else
and yada yada yada yada and etc.
The fact that we have a crappy education system and most of our people are functionally illiterate
and are a helpful care system sucks beside those don't confuse us with the facts.
And at the time when the world markets are going in a crapper and they're killing each other
in Yugoslavia and all over the goddamn world and Saddam is just a few months away from
making nuclear weapons.
What are I doing this?
And the world will live hopefully to one day just absolutely universally condemn
this country for the procedure that's going on right now.
And to show you the way, the fair-minded way to media are conducting this so-called public
investigation buried on page 9a in the sun, not on the front page, but buried on page 9a
in the Sunsandalus morning.
Grand jurors curious about trips motives.
And it goes on to talk about how the grand jury grilled this bitch and found out that over a year
before all of this star got involved in this so-called Monica Gain investigation, she was
opening up a loose lip and talking about all this stuff with the attorneys for Apollo Jones.
And the Kenster also was involved at that time.
And it says if trip as she maintained nearly one of the tapes to protect her against the
perjury charge if she were ever forced to testify in the Jones case about Lewinsky and was not
interested in a book deal, what was so thrilling about these passages that you were wondered
that she was talking with Lucienne Goldberg about, for example, the two occasionally wise cracking,
excitedly discussed revelations from Lewinsky about Clinton's penis size.
How do you like that?
So evidently, just like Rick Weber would say, he might have been penisized.
Oh, we don't have that in here. Damn it.
Wouldn't that have been great if we would have had that?
But we don't.
Crap.
So there you go. That's on page 9a, by the way, if anybody out there wants to read this,
you have to dig way into the upfront sections and maybe your back sections and newspapers,
dig into the articles about what's really going on here.
Because unfortunately, the media for whatever reason they're like, go well,
because they're making a lot of money off of all of this, that's one of the reasons for funding
profit. And absolute, national disgrace.
Okay, on the much brighter side, am I going to give away my tickets to the pan through a
Tampa Bay opening game this Friday at the beautiful Macarena, along with that club parking pass?
No, yes, I am.
Like I said, I got him right here. I'm not going to be here.
I don't want to empty seats in section 101 there.
And you pour bastards that sit like a regular seats inside, not on the ends on the aisles.
Yeah, your seats are a little bit narrower than the New Arena.
You don't want too bad because I'm on the aisle.
Na na na na na na.
There you go.
I'm on the aisle so I can kind of like spread out a little bit with my big fat ass and my legs
over there. They don't have to worry about being pinched in real tight in those little narrow seats
because we need to make the extra money.
So what we'll do today is that we'll take names any of the callers between now and like 145.
And then these are definitely for pickup, by the way, I'm not taking a chance
on you mailing these out because it's already Monday and the game is Friday night.
So they'll have to pick these up along with a parking pass for Friday.
And anybody who would like to be right, just here we'll just take your name and address.
We'll do a drawing at about 145 for the Panther tickets.
My own in my own goddamn seats.
You'll be able to stick your ass this Friday night.
Panthers in Tampa Bay, not the world's greatest opponent, but nevertheless, that's what we got.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hi, I was wondering when the NHL waiver draft is.
The NHL waiver draft is today.
Yes, what time?
What time is it? I don't have any idea.
Hello, Pete.
Do you have any idea of who's going to pick up on the Panthers?
No, I don't.
I know who they're going to get rid of.
Hopefully, and that's Kirk Muller and the Jeff Norton and Terry Carcner, hopefully.
Hmm.
All right. How about those tickets for Friday night?
You're already on hold, sweetheart.
No chance.
I would be, I'm not even going to register.
She was already on hold.
She didn't call to talk about the Panthers.
She was already just interested in sucking her over the, I'll put anybody else on the list
for the tickets.
Okay, for the drawing, but not her, because she was already on there.
She called me for the show even started.
Under the pretense of having a conversation with me, see, this is the way I played the game.
If you want to play games with me, like Michael said in Godfather 3,
a lot of play games with us will play with you.
But I'd be credible.
Would you ever Godfather that was in?
Which one was it?
Here's a mobile and four-letter, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I know you don't like to talk about football, but since you started it,
I just, uh, absolutely.
I'm a true dolphin fan.
How can you talk about football in the town where nobody knows anything about it?
Oh, absolutely, but they were pitiful.
This discussion, that game was disgusting.
The coaching, the playing, everything.
Same old preface.
If you take the one touchdown drive,
latent the game, if you take those statistics out of the game,
the numbers are so embarrassing that little league teams,
that little middle school football teams would be in Paris to go through all the
math.
Every time they think it's going out in the town,
they always got mixed.
They just don't say we got our bus kick and that's that.
Why can't they just say they're stuck?
That's right.
They're stuck.
But I wanted to make it down there to see up orders,
but I had too many things to do around my house.
I'll tell you the comment on Saturday was bitterly disappointing, sir,
compared to the other days very weak, very weak.
I should have been there.
You should have been there, sir.
I could have made it.
See, everybody else has got something more important.
I'm old hat.
I'm old news.
Okay.
Everybody else has got something more important.
We'll see at Pizza Love tomorrow night,
whether we have all our friends show up,
or if it's going to be another one of those deals,
we sit around or eat in our pasta bar.
So in a corner, we'll see.
Yeah, I might be able to make one.
Is that what are you going to be up pizza,
off tomorrow night, six to eight PM tomorrow night, six to eight.
I mean, that sounds good.
I live right down the street.
Well, for crying out loud,
I should I should make it over there.
You should, but you know, I can tell by the sound in your voice, you won't.
No, I have to come.
I have to come by myself.
My wife doesn't like it.
Why not? What's her problem?
She doesn't have a problem.
She just doesn't listen.
She doesn't understand.
She doesn't understand.
In other words, she's a stupid bitch.
No, she don't say that.
I wouldn't say that.
Well, how smart do you have to be to understand this show?
Do you have to be a rocket scientist to get it school?
She's at school a lot of times during your show.
She's at school taking what?
Life, life 101?
No computers.
Wow.
Well, that explains it.
I'll do those things.
That explains it.
Okay, I'll see you tomorrow night, pal.
Could I suck around with me on that list?
Okay, hold on.
Sure.
Okay, we got two open lines in date,
five, six, seven,
oh, five, six,
eight, five,
six, the only, a mobile one line.
Yeah, the women just take you.
Don't you understand?
No, I really don't.
Somebody don't have to drum me a diagram.
I've been asking for 600 years.
What is that all about?
But that's okay.
It's okay.
Hey, do I, be my guest, be a bitter and obnoxious.
Doll collector assumes over state of balding Barbie.
Oh, you see this story?
A Barbie doll is at the center of a lawsuit
in which a Canadian collector claims
that a rare 1960s version she bought
over the internet had a severe case of plumdome.
Maybe it was a Wayne High Pingup Barbie doll.
Janice Amonson, a Barbie collector bought the doll
in March from a Maryland woman for $1800.
When she opened the box, she found the dolls here had gotten brittle
and was falling out, said Joseph Hovermill, her attorney.
It was not in the near-mid condition she was led to believe.
Celerlory Maddox said Edminson tried to die to hear.
She said,
There's whom would you look at?
I'm dying over here.
It was in perfect condition when I'm ill to do it.
And I have pictures to prove it, Maddox said.
Amonson said Maddox posted an internet message
claiming that Amonson spoiled the doll
for lawsuit $200,000 from breach of contract and defamation.
I bet you they wind up on the Apuples Court
or on Judge Crotch or any one of those 5,000 Judge Judy
to hang in bitch.
Isn't this what I've told you about television all along
by the way for many, many years?
You get one cowboy show, it's hit.
Now you got 500 cowboy shows.
You had one quay show as a bigot.
Now we got 500 quay shows.
You had one detective, one cop show.
Now there are 2,000 cop shows.
And then as soon, you know, nobody wanted to go in there
and take on Wapner, which by the way, they had a mistake.
It wasn't in the heraldor to sunset yesterday.
They had a picture of Ed Crotch and it said Wapner under it.
Nice going, Sun Sentinel, Ewhiddeoth.
But nobody else wanted to take on Judy.
We got 75,000 Judge Hanging Judges on air on TV now.
Because that's what TV is all about.
It's sameness.
Sameness.
And I got a story for you.
Thanks very much to our Paisano K.
By Saturday, one of my launchmen will warn me about this story.
And I dug the Sun Sentinel.
Saturday Sun Sentinel out of the trash bin.
Because I never read the world, section.
I mean, it's about the world.
You know what we got so many exciting things going on here.
A cardinal's beatification draws fire.
And it's about the, you know, and and verifies what I always said.
The Vatican never met a Nazi.
They didn't like.
So I'll go into that story later.
Also in yesterday's Sun Sentinel, which I'm surprised you.
People are so slow.
In the radio and TV in the TV book.
There's my push.
Do you see this?
Tom Jicke.
You know what?
This is amazing.
I mean, we must have some people out there with balled eyesight.
With balled eyesight.
Because if you look at it, Tom, you'll have balled eyes.
I mean, Tom is a good guy, but he's.
Yeah, they don't have any here.
I mean, I have at least some hair in the front.
Some in the back.
Some in the front.
None on top.
None in between.
But at least it appears from the front that I might have.
Some air.
Tom has like six hairs that are combed across his head.
So somebody writes, did you know that if you draw glasses on your photo in the paper,
you're a dead ringer for neo-rodgers.
Are you two brothers?
Did X from a TR and coal gables?
Answer from Tom.
Instead of drawing glasses on my picture, you ought to have yourself fitted for a pair.
There is absolutely no resemblance or familiar relationship between Neil and me.
Says Tom Jicke.
I do like that.
And but at least they got my picture in there in the Sun Sentinel.
I've got time.
Thank God for you.
Keep my pus alive.
I need it, man.
These days I need it bad.
Can't raise any money for set a one.
We had a horrendous turn out there on Saturday.
We just finished up a week here on this show that I wouldn't wish on it all Hitler.
We're doing a drawing for my Panther ticket.
And we still have one open line in date.
We still got one line that's not lit up there in date.
And we're taking names and numbers.
Absolutely unbelievable.
That's the way things have degenerated here on this radio station.
There are a bunch of degenerates.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one.
I don't let me forget to read that story about the Pope.
And this a Nazi asshole.
That they they've made him into it.
They're making him into a saint.
That's right.
They're making him into a big saint.
Of course he never met a Nazi didn't like.
So it kind of ties right in, don't it?
Here's camera.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I didn't know Tom Jicke was your brother.
He's my kissing cousin now.
Well, your mom must be proud.
She's got one on TV.
So bad.
Yeah, she's got one on TV and one on radio.
Right.
So mommy must be proud.
What on the newspaper?
Yeah, what's going to call you about that article on Saturday,
about the Pope and the gentleman that died and he's kneeling down
on the footstep of the two.
He's kneeling on it.
Yeah, he's an elite.
Oh boy, I'm telling you something else.
And this town is going crazy.
You see no jet fans are calling today, huh?
Meaning what?
But I'm a Yankee fan.
So I would you know something if the jet fans did call all the
sports shows on this station.
They deserve to.
Why not?
That's right.
As much as I can't stand some of them,
but nevertheless, they ought to be rubbing it in.
The Dolphin Stuck to join out yesterday.
And when you talk a big game, when you talk a lot of trash,
like a lot of the Dolphin fans were talking last week,
and they're going to go up there again and kick their ass like they usually do
up there in a metal land.
And they go up there and put on a performance like we saw yesterday.
That was pathetic.
I didn't hear that.
But that it would be a compliment.
I didn't hear the voices wanting to play JETS Stuck Stuck Stuck Stuck this morning too, right?
They did.
They were kind of quiet.
No, they were very subdued.
Yeah, I wonder why.
You know, I want to know.
I don't listen to that show.
I want to know one thing.
I want to win Joe Rose is finally going to beat the crap out of Guilty.
No, he's going to bring in his brother-in-law to do it.
Yeah.
All right, sir.
I guess I'll see you on Tuesday.
OK.
I couldn't make it to the Gaila Rear.
I'll see you tomorrow night.
All right, sir.
OK.
I'm going to list.
OK, hang right.
I almost hung up on him.
He wants to list, too.
I guess they all want to be on the list.
Maybe if you don't want to be on the list, you should tell us.
OK?
Because for me, that would be getting a little bit carried away.
A little bit uppity, don't you think?
Oh, the Dow's down 86.
The NASDAQ is down 51 already.
Oh, it's going to be a real mean nasty day there.
And they're worried about the penis gate.
Here's the president had sex and lied about it and tried to cover up
and elicit affair with some bimbo who goes on a great length of a.
In fact, the worst that here it is, sex shrink files on Monica.
I got so much stuff today.
I may not even have time to talk to these idiots.
That's right.
Long before she set her sights on Clinton, Monica Lewinsky turned
to Dr. Irene Kassola in a bid to tame her passion for older married men.
And she goes on a great length about how she can't help herself.
And she pursues them and stalks them and haunts them, etc. and so on.
Poor old Monica that we have to feel so sorry for it
with that bad, dry cleaning bill.
With no dry cleaning bill?
Tent, Q-A-L, steal Roger's God.
When I was a young man, women weren't allowed to show any skin at all.
In fact, they were thought to be quite trampy indeed.
If they showed a man even an inch of their neckline.
Wow, thank goodness we're finished with that crap.
And now, for men like me who have missed out on all those years of foyering,
we've got the flesh for both these networks.
Hey, grandpa, that's you never seen a woman do this before.
Oh my God, where's my Viagra?
This course too high on my stroke ability skill to pass off.
It's the network you've been waiting your whole life for.
Young babes showing off all their goods to you.
They hear too far deprived elderly men of America.
Welcome to Talk 30 TV with Holly, my elder little for boy.
How'd you like to rest your tired old head on this paranoccus?
But, yes.
Hello, sir.
Are you there?
A flesh for all these network will not your socks off.
Or, stop your heart.
Either way, it's money well spent.
Call your local cable company today.
1032-560-2M, we have two open lines in 05-670-560-050-560.
On the mobile one line, judge tells teen thief to forego sex for two and a half years.
This is one of the great stories I've ever written my life.
Cambridge Illinois.
A judge told a teenager who pleaded guilty to stealing handguns
that he must remain celibate for two and a half years unless he gets married.
Okay, pleaded guilty to stealing handguns and the judges giving him sex,
not advice, but orders.
Brandon Stevens, 17, was sentenced to 30 months probation, 180 days in jail, and a $2,000
fine. Henry County Judge Clark Barnes said Stevens will not have to serve jail time
if he completes treatment at a halfway house and meets conditions that include the celibacy rule.
Prosecutor Ted Hamer said the requirement was based on the judges learning in court
that Stevens was sexually active and not because of any sexually related charges.
The ACLU said Stevens' sex life is none of the judges' business, how do you like that?
No, no, it's what they said.
Oh, you got that business.
You will pervert.
The sex police are alive and well-american.
It's not just the president, baby, but even everybody else.
We got judges, Tonya, we're to stick in when you can do it and don't do it.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
I'm Corneo. How you doing today, sir?
Okay, sir.
I'm Corneo. I've about had it.
Canceling my Miami-Herald description.
I mean, Sunday's article by Dan LeBasterd has been, I mean, that was the last draw.
He had 20 questions with Bobby Bowden.
Yeah, I didn't read it.
Well, who now cares about Bobby Bowden?
I mean, but the guy didn't even ask sports questions.
Yeah.
He asking them, well, what do you think about Clinton?
Well, you ought to quit reading that column.
It's really weak.
We have an open line in day one and Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5,
60, Pond, 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
See, when a guy comes out and starts screaming at a lot about something as insignificant as Dan LeBasterd,
then, you know, he's got no material.
Here's a mobile in Kendall, hello.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
I was taking a little trip up to New York this weekend and I got an interesting perspective on the
Marlins award deal from fans up there, the Real Baseball Fans.
And they, uh, I told them off this off, you know, the fans aren't so far to how they
buy tickets and then they show off.
And this is the start team in the field.
Well, do you think it wants that further?
They think the moral of the community to crime against baseball because they think that
the moral of the set of precedents that other teams in the future may follow.
And it's going to further ruin the game of baseball.
Do you think about that?
I don't.
I don't think other teams are going to follow it.
Yeah.
And the other teams that have already done it like the pirates.
Well, they're not going to do what?
Go ahead.
Now, people aren't going to do something because Wayne did it.
They're going to see the whole thing.
It's not just the Marlins.
The whole thing has to do with professional sports.
I just watched this series on CBC about the National Hockey League and the agents and the
players and all agreed that's going on.
And the fact that a lot of these smaller market teams like Edmonton, uh, Winnipeg already
went out.
Quebec already went out and you just can't make it.
If the fans out there continue supporting the idea that these guys are worth eight and
ten and twelve and fifteen and twenty million dollars a year, where the hell is the money
going to come from?
And then the fans turn around and start pitching.
Well, gee, we don't want to spend 80-100 bucks to go to see a game.
Well, who the hell do think is going to pay for the salaries?
It's true.
I just, uh, I think with the Marlins this year was a big, uh, big time.
Well, there's no question.
Over and over and over.
They were out of the call of duty was one of the most grotesque thing that's ever been
done.
But you know why he was able to do it here?
Because nobody cared because they let him do it.
There was no uprising in his town and you know something they still averaged about
twenty thousand people again.
Even with this kind of crap that he put out there in a field, they still averaged
twenty thousand people again because the people are too stupid to make any kind of a statement.
Only in my opinion.
Hey, do you know what I want to get on the list?
Okay, hang on.
Okay, he's on the word hell he is.
He's on hold.
I mean, there's no point.
I mean, that's still a cryover yesterday's match.
Potato's nobody cared about it several months ago.
Nobody cares about it now.
He did it because he was able to do it.
He knows where the hell he is.
And just like the New Arena like our Mac Arena.
I mean, you know, I mean, I hope hoping for the best.
And we'll see what happens in that waiver draft today this afternoon if they actually
do pick up some talent.
You know, one of the things that the Panther Organization kept screaming was going to
happen after last year.
Oh, well, we've got to improve our gold telling.
It's got to be better.
Well, do they improve the gold telling?
No, first thought.
You mean to tell me that Sean Burke and Captain Jerk Kirk McLean that they're better
than the Beezer and either Mark Fitzpatrick or Weeks that we had at the time.
Whoever the hell was here with the Beezer, are they better?
No, of course not.
They didn't do that.
They got some good young kids out there.
But we've been here in that for years.
You know, what your good young kids do in exhibition games and what they do under the
pressure of a real game, that remains to be seen.
Right, Joe Thornton?
There you go.
So that's a good promise again, but he just keeps doing this because the people
keep packing a place.
We got over 16,000 season tickets because the excitement of the New Arena that we
built for him.
So he just keeps squeezing every dime out that he can because there were the suckers that
keep subsidizing it.
We have two open lines and day one and Broward, 5.6705, 60.560 on a mobile one line.
Mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
Neil, the way you just spent in Clinton, have you been on your knees in the overlautous
Oh, please.
Blow it out your ass.
Okay.
The way I defend Clinton and 70% of the American public, that's right.
And all the, I guess all the Americans that defend Clinton must be on their knees.
That must be what it's all about.
Now the fact is here that most guys like it and head, okay?
Most guys like it and their rocks off, including most of the presidents who preceded
them.
And if that's the most important thing that you can worry about, if that's the greatest
indictment condemnation you can make him, then he must be doing a pretty good job.
We have an open line on the best of Neil, part one and two this year.
And of course, this cut is not on there because it doesn't belong to us as a Bob and
Tom.
So what's the one that everybody picks out and even the people that we had show up on
Saturday at the board, are borders?
Oh, you mean prison, but you're not here.
It's a, oh, jeez.
It doesn't belong to us.
Plus you've already heard it 50 billion 275 million 612,000 and four times five now.
But hey, that's our crowd.
Sex-ranked files on Monica, Monica Lewinsky, secret sex files reveal a vulnerable young woman
addicted to older married men.
This is from the one source of news that never lets us down the star, the greatest
tabloid, the greatest publication far way and above better than time and news week
and the Washington Post and New York Times, etc.
Star has learned that Monica confided in her longtime therapist, L.A.
psychologist to the stars, Dr. Irene Kassorla, that there's hardly a guy I can't
get when I put my mind to it, including the president.
I'm always attracted to the older married one she revealed, according to sources
familiar with her confidential therapy, dossier, dossier, file, folder.
I like the power I have over them once I've got them hooked.
She said eventually they become addicted to me and I'm addicted to them.
Lot of addicted going on.
Monica's been undergoing intense therapy for six years to help her beat her up session.
How come we're not hearing about this on the nation lightly news?
From the time she left high school in 1992, right through her 18 month affair with
President Clinton, she was receiving help from Kassorla initially in person then by phone.
Most of my therapies concentrated on stopping me from being a sexual predator,
predator who goes after older, vulnerable married men, guys who are flattered by my
attention revealed Monica 25.
Young guys just don't turn me on.
She confided to Dr. Kassorla, who was given permission, viola,
when she'd a breaker clamp therapist privilege.
I find young guys stupid.
She said all hands in nasty.
I can't stand them all hands.
Wait until you hear this.
Monica even admitted that when her lovers found out about her emotional problem and tried
to dump her, she would threaten to expose them.
Sources say that Kassorla and expert on relationships in the author of
three best telling books was deeply alarmed when Monica confessed to her affair with
President Clinton in one of their phone therapy sessions.
Monica used the name Henrietta when talking about Clinton on the phone.
You're heading for disaster.
This could wreck both your lives.
Kassorla warned her patient.
You're making the same mistakes you made in the past, but Monica refused to heed
the warnings and fully expected to be the next Mrs. Clinton.
I can do anything with Bill.
He's putty in my hand.
She boasted he's sick and tired of Hillary.
He thinks she's an old lady who wants to have somebody young and a fresh in his life.
I could even end up the woman he marries when he leaves office.
That's how much he thinks of me.
She saved when Kassorla asked Monica whether she was deluding herself.
A winski told her I'll never give him up.
I want him more than any other man I've ever met.
But when Clinton put an end to their fling, Lille Winski was devastated and out for revenge.
He tried to get rid of me and broke my heart.
I warned him that I couldn't live without him.
She told a friend when Lewinsky was first taken to see Kassorla by her mom,
Marsha Lewis, the psychologist quickly discovered that Monica exhibited classic symptoms
of the stalker.
All this poor young girl, this poor young intern, the stalker.
You know what I'm saying?
Monica was a girl who fell violently in love with school teachers, college professors,
with the men she worked for, even with their father's married male friends,
something her family tried to hush up says a family friend.
She told me I can't help myself.
I go after them with everything.
I give them what they want, what they don't get from their wives.
That's why they love me.
And that's what she was talking about.
And her testimony to the grand jury investigating president Clinton,
Lewinsky admitted she has a sexual problem.
There's work I need to do on myself.
She told the jurors, frankly, just give her a big stogie.
Give her an in-mento and let her go do some work on herself.
That's what I say.
How do you like that?
Give her a big fat one, baby, in a cigar too.
A stalker who threatens to expose the older men when they try to break it off
in a relationship too.
Nice going to it, Art.
Bitch. Here's Miami.
Hello. Hello, Neil.
How you doing?
OK, sir.
Neil, I used to be a huge dolphin.
I used to watch them all the time season ticket holder.
Man, these games have been abysmal.
You can watch them.
Yeah.
I mean, the boring is on, especially this year and last year.
Terminal.
I mean, there was there was one game yesterday.
I'm trying to think of the rainy others.
I mean, in England, New Orleans game, that's her not to be hell of a game.
Thanks to that bonehead play on that punt.
But under other than that, I mean, the, oh, God,
just ponderous.
I think you have to do it with the expansion.
I mean, the expansion has watered it down and the, the action is so slow and ponderous
and they stand around and you wait, come on, line the clock.
Let's get that arm playing around there.
Let's get something gold.
Get them up to the line of scrimmage.
It's very sad.
Hockey's on the same track though.
Huh?
Hockey's on the same track.
Both along.
Well, thank God it's going off of Fox after this year.
That's true.
And you know, no, no, Hockey's got Europe.
No, you can't.
No, sir.
Hockey has got Europe and all of the rest of the world.
The draw from OK.
They got Scandinavian.
They got the Russians.
That's why what's saving hockey?
OK, we got all three lines in date open as usual.
No matter what we're doing or giving away, that's no difference in date.
County 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line.
Here's a lady in sunrise.
Hello.
Nail.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, first time caller.
Uh-huh.
I just wanted to tell you that yet, I'm calling for the tickets on being on a step
front.
Mm hmm.
But I also wanted to tell you that all women don't hate you.
I listen to you every morning.
Oh, my heart.
Poison hate me like poison.
I don't hate you.
All the women out there just don't advise me.
They don't get it.
They can't stand it.
I'm vulgar.
I'm just like your springer with all those.
Belief center.
They like that, but they can't stand me.
Now, I like you very much.
In fact, I take you at night for my husband because he's on duty.
So when he comes home, he can see you.
How do you like that?
And on top of that, I also want to thank you for sticking up for president.
Well, what's there to stick up?
I mean, this is a very.
I'm a woman's point of view.
Thank you.
OK.
Hold on.
She now anything to say, but after a such a job like that, why not?
OK, Dave County, our last call for Dave County.
They were picking up right where we left off last week.
I thought maybe they'd have the weekend to kind of melalot a little bit.
Maybe get a little good weed there over the weekend.
Get the fresh supply.
Something.
Same old crap.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the mobile one line.
God, what a, you know, something.
What if I didn't have these tickets today?
Is that a thought that's too horrible to even conjecture?
Seriously, that's a thought that even even I don't want to think about the possibility of that.
Here's a mobile and Tamarack.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
OK, sir.
Um, couple things.
Um, first of all, um, yesterday the game was awfully boring.
I actually went to public for a third quarter to buy dinner.
I mean, they had no offense.
None zero.
Zip it into the, they couldn't do anything with that ball.
And then late in the game, they get that one lucky drive, which happens at almost every game.
It's him that has done nothing all game.
The other team goes in that prevent defense to kind of lay back and they went down and scored one touchdown.
Like that's the claim to fame.
If you take that out of the statistics, it was a humiliation.
And these people don't want to deal with that.
Well, that was one of my sources.
It was the referees, you know, that was one of my points.
I went to the store.
Fontaine or came back and I really didn't miss anything.
Also on Friday, didn't get a chance to call in.
But I went to the 13th night game last week in the new arena.
Right.
Living camera left at 10 after 7.
Got their buys the drop of the box.
People with the traffic, where the construction is.
Had some real decent club seats with a nice, nice leathery back.
Those club seats are great.
And they're just like to do a comment on.
You get up, you're right at the back.
And you go up the escalator, you're right at your seat.
Not only that, usually when you go to a stadium, you feel real constricted like you can't move around.
Go up three rows, four rows and you can stand behind your section.
Right.
In just mingle, watch the game stand up.
It is incredible.
I don't have season tickets.
These I got from work, but it really makes you regret that you don't have them.
It's absolutely outstanding.
And I think they knew ahead of time how well week the team was going to be this year.
So I think there was a method to their madness.
They made it a place where he could mingle and go and buy a lot of the expensive overpriced food.
And you know, just wander around or most of the game because that's what we're going to be doing.
Right.
Well, if work comes to work and they really have a bad year this year, they can build another one
with maybe some better upgrades.
There you go.
Let's build another arena.
Come on.
We got a lot of land out there.
Can I get on the list there?
Sure.
Hang on.
OK, 10 55 and 5 60 WQ MLC those day lines are they still dead as a door nail?
Wow.
And we're giving away Niels prestigious seats right there right on one on one right almost at center rice for opening
not against Tampa Bay and the Panthers and these people still don't care.
Do they know in Dave County, a bunch of geeks.
Oh, it's a hockey game.
They don't care about that.
OK.
5 6 7 0 5 60 60 WQ MLC got hanged live from Shula State to from to the 6.
We got the Booster 6 to lay the clock and then Monday and football the Vikings of the Packers 8 o'clock tonight.
Open line and Broward all of day again 5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a Hollywood.
Hello.
I go back to the old hockey league in 1950s.
Niels, the main thing is the politicians that don't they have a responsibility to roll with the constituents one.
It's 34% of the people say let's get this thing open.
Don't they have some.
Oh, wait, wait, why are you doing that to me?
Why are you putting a rim around the phone again?
Don't you remember what he did?
I'm already dying here this morning.
No, no, no.
What do you want?
Good morning.
The waiver draft, though, just out to exercising this morning.
The waiver draft at 11 o'clock this morning.
Yeah.
And I think there could be quite a bit of activity.
Why don't you call back and tell us some information when we get some info?
Wow.
You wanted to know what time the draft was.
No, I didn't want to know what time it was.
Some bimbo call that was sucking around for free tickets.
I didn't want to know what time the waiver draft was.
If I get the information.
I'm speaking to you right now.
You're going to blow my brains out and you're again.
This is what you get how you get repaid for all those meals of Ruth's Chris with another terminal call.
One day last week we had a permanent.
We had about a 15 minute segment where we had a few people talking to me.
Oh, it's time.
And then River calls up in the middle of it.
And it was like somebody dropped an H bomb.
Even the Japs never scattered like this audience did when you called last week.
You know what you need?
Oh, you know what you need a very important part.
You need a very important part.
What you need for a shot, the arm is a hockey show.
A preview.
Hello?
Oh.
We need to bring Charyon.
We need to talk about the Panthers and the Dewea Reams.
Oh.
And I don't even know that.
This man is crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy man.
Hey, you want, hey, we had a lot of fun.
You must be planning on going on a long diet.
We had a lot of success on those hockey shows.
No, we have not.
No, we have not.
It's only the people calling and sucking around for free tickets that call those shows.
They don't know anything about hockey.
When are you going to get with it, Rimmer?
When are you going to wake up and sniff the dip?
That is the white hole you have come right here.
Rimmer, he had his tee head on yesterday.
I was good seeing Billy Lindsay naked there yesterday.
And I thought we had Ray Whitney there when it was on.
He sure did.
It's the past time you do one of those shows in the locker room.
Have Ray take his pose off.
That's what the public wants to see.
Will you listen?
I don't care about that.
Well, I do.
And the other thing we do is, you know, the difference between you and me is I know how to do a guide damn show.
You know how to put the audience into a coma.
And even I can't get these people away.
Give me a party.
I can't wait these bastards up.
I'm giving away my guide damn tickets for Friday.
I still can't get a call in date County.
How do you like that?
I'm out of business over here.
A hockey show would be the finishing blow.
You must be waiting in the woodwork to take over this time slot.
That was the thing.
Yeah, that's what you're doing.
Go ahead and try to get your shot at the end.
He'll make another deal with you, okay?
Go shake his hand.
Greg Reed.
He'll make another deal and put you on here for 50 bucks a week.
Not a question if it's a matter of luck.
You have a question of when this call is going to end.
Call me back when we get some information.
I'll tell him to get a gulter and a please hockey show.
Get out of here.
One thing we can say about those hockey shows with Rimmer.
They stunk.
We have two open lines in date.
What is the story the last two or three weeks?
I mean, we were having a problem there for about what?
The last nine months since I've been on this station.
But now the last couple of weeks date County is like totally.
It's like they're in war with us now.
In Kendall and Miami and Coconut Grove and where it was South Miami.
All over the date County, they're in war with this show.
They got nothing to say about anything.
They don't want no tickets.
They don't care about Monica.
They don't care about the guy in the Impulse.
They don't care about the dolphins.
They don't care about anything.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
This is unbelievable.
Like I said a little while ago, if I didn't want to give my tickets away today,
I'd already be halfway home.
I'd already be on a road going home.
Guaranteed.
And then this crazy man calls up here.
Oh, got to do another hockey show.
I got news for you.
The chances of my ever doing another hockey show on a scale of minus infinity.
You're out of your mind, Rimmer.
You're a killer.
A hockey show.
So talk to the 10 hockey fans we got out there.
Nine of whom are in the line, forming at the mouth waiting for free tickets.
That's the only reason we ever got calls on O-shows.
Here's Sunrise. Hello.
Morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just want to say a couple of things.
One, I am a jet fan.
And to all the fans.
Look, congratulations, sir.
Great job.
Thank you very much.
I have to say we're that great, but the dolphins stung.
I've just listened to all the dolphins fans both about how they're going to kick our butt this weekend.
I'm just glad I can finally brush that off and stand on.
I get to listen to a pitch and mow.
Yeah.
And Bill, you can win and make excuses about how the officials stole the game from them
as if they had any offense.
It was the officials where the officials out there playing defense for the jets.
I don't think so.
No, I think there are bad calls on both sides of the ball.
Right.
Regardless, you know, a game is a game.
Don't take it so seriously, but don't always talk down about everybody.
It's really rude.
But that's typical of the dolphin fans, though.
Talk a big game.
You know, they win two or three games.
And this goes on every year.
It happens every single season.
They win the first two or three games.
Then they start talking trash.
They start talking super bowl.
And then they start coming back to worth after you realize that they basically meet nobody anyway.
Well, I went to the game last year.
I'll never go to another dolphin game.
They're absolute morons.
They get drawn out of their mind.
They don't know what they're doing.
Well, 25 of the jets fans don't do that.
Anyway, before I go, I have one request.
If I may, could you please play Cowboy Dick?
Okay.
And can I get on the rim?
Okay, hold on.
Yeah, thank God that the jet fans don't do that.
They don't, they just throw snowballs.
They throw iceballs and try to kill guys.
Was that the jet or the, well, whoever the hell it was, who was in New York?
Here's a mobile in Oakland Park.
Hello.
Hello.
You know, you need to let somebody have to take it after hearing rims.
Oh, can you believe that?
Can you just, do you know the torture that you just put us through?
I can't know what it is.
He's made the dish show in the last week.
Can you know something I can honestly say about both of those calls?
They've done.
Oh, my God.
I thought he had some news for us.
You know, I don't mind if he calls with some news because the organization itself doesn't
give us any info.
And we're sure not going to get that any from over on Sheridan Street.
They're not going to tell us what the hell is going on.
So I thought maybe he had some news on a waiver draft today.
Instead, he's telling me what time it is, which is right now.
Now, would you start to have some kind of talent in order for them to, you know, get compensation for what they pay?
No.
Oh.
Do I have a job?
Yeah, anytime.
You're hired.
You've heard the punks we got on the station already.
Something better than most of them.
I just also want to tell you I'm so happy to stop at the loss because there's a stop there.
You can energize them in your big mouth.
And people come up with their big running game.
Oh, they got a running game.
Do they have one?
No.
Not in the least.
Someone with a big stupid name, so the defensive line, they come on and get rid of people.
It's a, it's a, it's a, I love what you do in the health.
Keep it up.
And you take care of it.
And back to you.
Thank you.
Yeah, it's going to be a ugly year because there's so many ugly teams, so many bad teams.
They swill what I saw yesterday.
And of course, San Francisco, wanting to loosen the Buffalo 49ers with 65,000 yards in penalties.
And then Buffalo nearly blown a 20, three, nothing lead.
But that's what you got red.
That's what you wanted.
I guess you wanted parity.
You wanted all the teams to be crap except Denver.
And look who the hell they were playing anyway.
Well, can you, can you answer me one thing?
What is that loud, unbelievable noise?
Trade trigger or blower or something like that?
This place is unbelievable.
I mean, those people in the condos across the way, which is certainly maybe a hundred yards from here.
If those people, you can smell it in here and believe me, it's not very appetizing either.
We got walls like paper in this joint, like paper mache.
Okay.
Where we going? Here's the whole sound.
Hello?
Neil, guess who?
Yes, I am.
Yeah, what a, what a client's act before that, huh?
What, rumor?
Oh.
They stuck.
Hey, I heard a comment earlier about that.
If I was stupid enough to let him do it, he would destroy my career that, man.
He would put me out of business.
Got into a hockey show.
Hit the who?
Who that would be talking to?
There's nobody who wants to talk hockey.
Yeah, I heard him.
He's very, very less about it.
They know nothing about it.
He's running his career.
He's trying to kill everybody else.
Right, exactly.
He can't get on the air, so he's trying to siphon off of this show.
Yeah, I like that comment.
Someone said Jimmy Johnson looked like a bowling ball with air.
I love, no, a bowling ball with arms.
Oh, okay.
And that's his good.
And bad here.
Hey, I was up in Toronto recently.
Yeah?
That's a great area.
Yes, it is.
Yeah, I was up in the area called the beaches up there along the lakefront.
But I'm going to be going back.
Any suggestions?
Any suggestions for one?
I have a good time up there.
Yeah, walk out on Young Street or church, so you'll have a good time.
Hey, better than Miami.
Uh-huh.
I haven't been a hockey fan.
I haven't been to a game.
I'd love an opportunity to go on.
Okay, hold on.
I'm putting everybody on the list.
Okay, if that's what it takes today, because I can see we're picking up all.
Boy, we got momentum in this place.
No.
We got to center one promotion, which we're working feverishly to try to make that a big success this year,
to make up for last year, with Greg Reed and everybody around here screwed us big time.
And in the meantime, where it's kind of like promotion in a closet.
That's the way I feel.
And in fact, I feel like the whole, this whole place is like, it's like radio station in a closet.
The studio is like in a broom closet.
The TV show is definitely in the closet.
That's going out soon anyway, so don't worry about that.
Every day we get another story on that thing, you know?
And do they ever talk to me at all?
No.
And Maddie and Vicki and Sticky are suddenly send a lackey to send Rob Jr. over here.
And he's about to be, but about any talks, different story every day.
Every time I see him, he gives me a different story.
Oh, it's going off.
Well, it's going in hiatus.
It might come back as an hour.
It might never come back.
It's coming back, right?
So is George Washington.
He's coming back.
I'll tell you one good thing about that TV show.
They sure have given us a real good shot at it.
They really did justice to this show.
And they sure have helped to hell out of these, this audience here.
In fact, the longer the TV show was on, every day the radio audience is dwindling.
They take one look at that asshole with the Yamagon TV.
Oh, my God, we're not listening to that anymore.
They're running away from this joint.
And I don't blame them.
They're going to be trimming these f-ing trees out here.
I don't care where he is.
It's like every day now we got something new.
If they're not hammering and drilling upstairs, which we don't mind so much,
because at least we know they're building the new studios.
But every day we got sirens.
We got drilling and it sounds like the guy's inside the building.
If you could be sitting in here and here, well, I must say if he's over there,
it must be that loud.
Sure.
When you stop trimming the goddamn trees, we're trying to do an f-ing radio show you jacket.
Oh, he can't hear me.
It's 11 after 11.
Yeah, let's get Chico Mackie and Dennis Hall on the phone.
There you go.
Chico Ration.
Oh.
He's a killer.
I'm telling you, man.
You think OJ was bad?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
God, Neil.
OJ only killed two people.
This guy's killing my whole audience.
He's a trip.
He is.
I'm Linda.
The Jets looked really good yesterday, but Jets fans still suck.
Yeah, I wouldn't disagree with that.
Okay.
Most of them.
There was something I caught on the game while I was watching.
Now let me ask you, was it the Jets fans or the Jets fans that were throwing the snowballs
in the charger game a couple of years ago?
And hitting guys in the head, remember that?
I remember the answer.
Yeah, I was living up there.
I actually think it was Jets fans.
But it was a real...
I remember Jets fans at halftime used to love to get on the spiral thing that they drive the trucks on,
the stairway, these, just like the lean over and spit on people.
That's classy.
That's what I remember the whole thing.
There you go.
But I caught something on the game while I was watching.
I don't know if you thought it.
I have to listen into the game.
And all of a sudden I heard a voice go, Neil.
And I was waiting to hear God after it, but what it went was Neil.
Did you have your chunky soup?
Oh yeah, that's right.
That's a great spot.
You know how come Red G-Wine in out there no more, huh?
But that's a...
I thought that was poetic justice.
They replaced Red G-Wine with...
Yeah, it was good.
I know it's chunky soup spots.
Absolutely.
That was cute.
Absolutely.
You got to get that for the website or something, that clip.
Right.
I'd love to get on the list, but can I say something first?
Yes, sir.
Jim and Karen, you're both hockey-loving douchebags.
Okay, how about...
Now let me ask you this...
Let me have you vote.
Do you want any hockey shows with Rimmer?
No.
Okay, hold on.
No.
When he said that, I mean, wasn't bad enough that he called.
I mean, I'm having another, you know, death-defying day here again, the, what, the fifth and a row.
But when he called, and I thought for sure he must have some news, some information.
We just made a deal.
We got Pavel Bore from the Vancouver Connux.
We got Trevor Lyndon from the islanders.
We got that we made the Felix Potva and deal with Leafs.
We did something.
Did he have anything to enlighten us or we lose it, eh?
No.
I mean, when something happens, please call us back and let me know, because I'm in the dark here.
We have no idea what's going on.
But other than that, just calling to what, to talk about doing a hockey show,
is there one person in this audience that would ever like to hear another one of those Rimmer hockey shows on this program?
No.
Okay, thank you.
In fact, I'd say to what they would, they would even rather hear...
Then here another one of those hockey shows.
You're right to the goddamn phone.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Are pull questions today.
Any more hockey shows with Rimmer?
No.
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach.
Hello.
Meal.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, how you doing?
Watching us in the Doppengaine, the main reason I think the Doppengaine is off is just because the bus will push those hot cores in the Johnson.
That's the bottom line.
You know, well, more prepared in those.
They were ready for the swing passes.
They're corner backs behind the faces.
They're just more prepared.
I think you did a good job.
I mean, when Vinny Testy-Burdy makes you look bad, then you know you've got to, you've got to have problems.
There's a lot of trouble.
I thought there would be okay, but I have to sing up their names.
They have no chance.
I agree with you.
I mean, they're defecting the first three games, expect that.
They're in their defenses just like that.
But offensively, man, they suck.
This is not a team.
We're missing two that bad, but we aren't the people.
I have to game.
That's right. When you keep giving them all back, that's right.
You got it.
All right, dude. How'd I say?
And back to you.
Well, there's a guy that's honest about it.
The Doppeng Stalk yesterday.
In fact, it isn't that what Rumors said just before I finally cut him off.
So, how'd you like that Doppengaine yesterday?
They stopped.
We have an open line of dig, yeah.
And he went on.
That's it.
Puts it up real good, that rumor.
Wayne owns the Doppengaine too, but he don't mind.
He told it right away it was.
They stopped.
Those Panthers do last year.
There you go.
How they doing tapas there, they know when they blew that three nothing lead.
They stopped.
Now we're pushing him up a little bit.
We have an open line in Dave.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, and 05, 60.
How about those Marlins this season?
Yeah, there you go.
Woo!
He's really pushing up big time.
How about Wayne and his buddies?
They stopped.
Here's a mobile and sunrise.
Hello.
Who knew?
Yes, sir.
You suck.
Okay, thank you so much.
We have an open line in Dave wanted.
Broward, this guy waited on his mobile phone for like 15 minutes to blurt it out.
Yeah, I do.
And what about a jealous?
Probably is.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I think you guys need to give the dolphins more credit.
They're a bunch of crap assholes, but anyway, they're playing their ass off.
We have, okay, great.
We have an open line in the Broward one in day two in day five six seven oh five sixty
five five sixty on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a mobile and key west.
Hello.
There was a typical sports off-road sports fan.
Yes, sir.
On the young kidboard chicken boy.
Yeah.
I'm calling on from the Dan of Mount Breeder, the trailer tragic in the Keys.
One thing I have to say being away and being down.
Don't start singing any Jimmy Buffett songs.
Are you here at dial tone real fast?
No, I don't care about that.
I've been really glad not to watch any of the news about the Eclinton's handle.
For the time that I've been here, it's been so playful.
Yeah.
And I'm so glad not to hear about that.
Well, the Dow is down 138 points and the Nasdaq is down about 75 million so far today.
Meanwhile, they got this house judiciary committee debate going on here.
And they're all, it's all strictly political.
It's all a bunch of bull crap.
And this is what the whole government now is tied up with.
And the meantime, the world can wear into a world of depression.
But they can't be bothered with that.
The hilarious thing about it is that I heard I think one of those talking ahead say that,
well, you know, we want to do what's best for the American people.
Yeah, right.
Oh, yeah.
And then that little Ross Piro, he said they dragged him out of the closet again.
And he's on there talking just absolute garbage.
Clinton's on cocaine.
He's doing drugs.
He's going to start wars over this to divert the attention of the father.
This little guy, he ought to be, he ought to be taken and put on death row with Larry King the two of them together.
They had to find a twin cedar for the two of them and they're given the juice.
In fact, a triple cedar put the juice right in between the two of them.
Yeah, but he's hilarious. That's the reason why.
Maybe just put Ross Piro in the juice is laugh.
I let him laugh.
Just lick him.
There you go.
Thanks a lot, Chuck.
How's Chuck Meyer doing? Anybody hear about the Chuck?
No.
How's that morning show doing in Cleveland?
No.
Okay, let's move right along.
Okay, I'm still trying to recover from that rimmer phone call.
I can't believe it.
I think the two of you are conspiring.
I think there's a bloodless coup just like the Republicans are trying to take over the whole goddamn government.
I think George and Rimmer are working together conspiring to take over the whole goddamn show.
That's right.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
New York.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Speak to me.
Yes.
Yeah.
I think this Monica Wednesday's BS is just great for the nation because it's going to show that what idiots they have in Washington to the whole world.
Okay, thank you.
We have an open line in date one and Broward 56670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Our center one total is, well, we don't know about the total is 13,350.
But if that of course includes the 10 grand, I put in to kick it off.
Is there any reason why you mentioned that a lot?
Uh-huh.
Sure there is.
Because then I try to like inspire other people to get with the program.
That's the idea.
So we did $2,240 downstairs at border Saturday, $1,100 on the old stuff and the t-shirts upstairs.
So that's not too bad, 3,350 or thereabouts, whatever you just said.
Not great, but the real key will be which we're not going to find out till next Monday I find out now because there hasn't been a system put in place to find out what the other port is, all the other seven stores that we're doing.
And of course tomorrow night at pizza lots are we going to have a magnificent turnout tomorrow night between 6 and 8 o'clock at the pizza lot 35, 14 South University drive in Davie where the food is great.
We always have a great time.
We've damn well better.
Or I'm really going to be psychotic.
I'm going to do something rash like coming on Wednesday if we don't have a great turnout tomorrow.
Man, these people are getting air be here they get tougher and tougher you got to poke them you got to proud of me got to stick them in the rectum you got to do everything in their power because they're getting their dying over here.
Just like this bit I just played the rickland up like a goddamn prune lot more surface though.
Here's Miami hello.
Yeah, yes sir.
Yes, I got a question about the new Broward arena man.
Yes, what the hell's up with that place?
I'm going to see you and take a holder for the uh, what do you mean what the hell is up with that place?
What does that mean?
I went over there to the uh, the Bruins game preseason.
And my seat was busted.
I talked to about 10 other people that night the same thing happened to them.
Oh yeah, 10 other people their seat was busted.
Are you talking about the ones who are sitting behind the goal where those uh, they don't have the portable seats?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I'll get you out of luck.
Okay, we have an open line in day five six seven oh five six these.
See if you would have been a big shot like me, you would have gone over there talk this day.
And you feel they would have taken good care of you.
And you'd be wanting up sitting in one oh one right on the aisle there.
So you don't have to worry about those tiny little narrow seats that everybody else is going to get pinched and uh,
get a squeezed back home for the year is out.
You'd be sitting out there just in real life's comfort and luxury hanging right out of the aisle.
There were lots of leg room that have a good time.
So I guess you lose pal.
We can't all win a new arena.
Not everybody can sit in the great seat no matter what arena it is.
But they got to do something about those goal lights.
I'm telling you.
In fact, what the hell they hit on an older, they were showing a playoff game the flyers and the sabers on class spitting lights that go around in the whole, you know,
like a big thing like a big deal.
Even don't need to buy the goddamn lights.
Here's a mobile and bokeh.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, two comments.
One on the dolphin game and one on Henry in the Marlin.
These guys that are on in the morning, they're such homers.
I argued with them all last week.
Miami had no shot within the jet team.
I went so far to say.
Well, how do you know they had no shot?
I mean, how can I, that's a ridiculous statement.
How could I know that?
Well, I'll tell you the way the two teams had played up until yesterday.
How could anybody say they had no shot?
I'm going to tell you why I felt that way and what I did about it.
I felt that they said the quality of teams that they had played in their first three games.
And they showed zero offense.
And they also showed play three teams that had zero offense.
Yeah.
And I just figured that the dolphins were going to be lucky if they scored ten points in the game.
I even went so far as made five.
I mean, five.
I put it in ten points and said for that brilliant play that Jimmy Johnson called going for the two-pointer there on the direct snap to Rolindo Mari.
Right.
No, no, no.
Not either.
I bet the game I made five separate dinner bets for four with five of my friends that if the Jets scored 17 points in the game that they cover the spread.
Right.
Now, Mr. Henry, I think Mr. Heising about it got real serious.
And do something with Mr. Henry before because of the volatility of the.
The really.
The value of the head.
Yeah.
He better do something.
Are you sure you're not going to pay for it?
Okay.
Mr. Henry Wallace, what he said.
Are you talking about Phil Henry?
Are you, yeah, positive.
Hey, listen, all that money you won from your friends in a game yesterday, go out and buy some teeth.
We have an open line and date one and broard five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line.
Hey, it's American.
I don't express these people to be able to express the expected express whatever I said.
They can't speak.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, I was wondering, you know, I was cheering a good interview with a last night.
I was wondering why you never do anything important like Art Bell.
Oh, yeah, Art Bell.
No talk about space for that.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, I'm glad you enjoyed the Art Bell.
So maybe you can put up the, maybe you can put up the bond to get him out of jail next time.
We put one of those bogus people on and scares the whole of the world.
Hey, there's a buddy, Sal fell comb with our sole water.
Thank you, Sal.
Great.
I'll look at that.
Sal is going in, come on.
He's going in a beard and a mustache.
He must have the boys must be after him.
Okay, we have two open lines and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line.
Here's a mobile and Helen Dale.
Hello.
Mobile and Helen Dale.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Stanley?
I'd like to talk to you about that newer.
Thanks, Sal.
Yes.
At New Arena, we sat up there.
Saturday night for the Dion show.
Right.
And we sat in a Mezzanine.
We needed oxygen tanks.
It was so high up.
You couldn't see from up there.
The acoustics were bad.
Well, you know, it's interesting because I wasn't there either.
So lean Dion around and jump.
But I read in the newspapers, both papers over the weekend.
Air V article that said the acoustics were great.
And it was very comfortable.
Everybody had a good time.
So go rotten, Helen Dale.
Okay.
Get out of here.
Complaints, complaints, complaints.
All these people know how to do is bitch and bellyache.
That's their whole deal.
Well, I'm glad you enjoyed it.
I can't you be more positive like me.
Jesus.
Felly, it can bitch and moan and groan.
I mean, I don't know.
The newspapers don't have any asked to grind.
They don't get their press passes.
But I read all kinds of articles about the Celine Dion concert.
The Elton John concert said everybody with the acoustics were sensational.
The place was great.
It was palatial.
People had a wonderful time.
They loved the new arena.
And what do we get?
We get the sour push.
That's what we get.
We get the grizzled old fart.
The wrinkled up old fart from Helen Dale.
And you know something that will teach you to go see Celine Dion anyway.
And off there you go.
Payback is a bitch.
I wonder if they paint her in loonies or tunies.
We have an open line indeed.
Out, Florida.
If we got any visitors down here.
If we have any of the people visiting coming down for the season
because it's dark, cool, and off a little bit up north.
Welcome back to a real miserable hostel, nasty place where they all hate you.
They hate each other.
They hate themselves.
They hate everything down here.
They hate their consistent.
Why?
22, something you won't hate.
That's been injurious.
But taste.
I mean, if you want to go out there and eat plain vanilla ice cream,
one of those off brands, or if you want to eat the stuff that comes in those big tubs,
which I don't want to mention the name on here,
you can go ahead and eat that crap.
That means you got no taste.
But if you love great ice cream,
A.L.
Lick it and stick it.
Coming to Lick Alodean this fall,
Ellen DeGeneres, Katie Lang, and Melissa Eppridge in
the
Red Bull
Red Bull
Red Bull
Red Bull
Red Bull
Red Bull
Red Bull
Red Bull
Red Bull
Red Bull
Red Bull
Red Bull
Red Bull
Red Bull
Red Bull
Red Bull
Red Bull
Red Bull
Red Bull
Red Bull
Red Bull
was he the one I saw or something like the ad yes they were showing the ad in the
paper I didn't know that he put it in oh yeah Larry plans the house of the
capitals one big glass house today I think okay thanks for the good news yeah
Larry is a wheelin and dealin mostly wheelin we have an open line a day one
in powered five six seven oh five sixty five sixty on the 18 T wireless line
can you imagine a million bucks there isn't gonna be one of those damn bastards
left at the another week or two they'll be caught out of the woodwork they'll
be caught out of the goddamn sewer out of dumpsters oh yeah we did him back
in that yeah right in fact I wouldn't be surprised if whole Henry starts
hiding again soon here's having sure hello hello yes sir hey Neil how you doing
okay and look at your show ma'am yeah anyway this is I was listening to your show
last Wednesday and you know Kipper yeah and I got it
you had me laughing all that I was working I'm Jewish myself and I ate I drank I
did everything I want to know if you saw anybody was chicken on your head and
their head oh yeah so 17 old Jews in hell and they'll with chickens on their
head really it wasn't fair I'm Kipper they were running out of a pumper next
they were stealing them yeah what do you mean by that by that expression by
that thing by chicken by what expression by saying you saw them with chicken
on hand do you mean like a beanie I am a car no chickens like real live chickens
they old orthodox believe that if you put a chicken on your head on your
Kipper that your sins will drain out of your body into the chicken so it's
a thing it's crazy that people will starve themselves and go through all that
BS going sitting in trouble with your first we are going to super chauffeur and
all that yeah the chauffeur likes it though and have a great day sir we have an
open line at date five six seven oh five sixty and prom five sixty on the 18t
wireless line maybe that's where we like kind of lost contact with the audience
maybe is a maybe between George Riffin religion there which I think is very
blasphemous and then me attacking at the crap that barbaric archaic garbage on
your Kipper you know what too bad do we care no of course not speaking of that
that's a great segue cardinals beatification draws fire throughout his
papacy Pope John Paul the second is spoken earnestly of a Roman Catholic
churches desire to improve its relationship with the Jewish world and to
begin a reconciliation with the Eastern Orthodox churches but this week he's
making a controversial pilgrimage to Croatia that threatens to damage both of
those causes today in the shrine village of Maurizia Bistrica the
popus to celebrate mass to beautify this is yesterday to be identified
cardinal L. Azuzia Zizia Stepanak a man closely identified well how would you
pronounce it ALO's J. Z. I. J. E. those slabs slabs a man closely identified
with the prongaatsy Pupil regime in Croatia that murdered hundreds of
thousands of Serbs and Jews how do you like that in the Catholic Church be
attification is the first step towards St. Hood the Pope has described Stepanak as
the bulwark of the church among the quotes who resisted the yoke of communism in
the name of human rights and Christian dignity after World War II Stepanak a
archbishop of Zagreb became internationally known as a vehement opponent of
Tito's communist regime in Yugoslavia which in 1946 put him on trial and
convicted him of treason and collaboration he spent five years in prison and
the rest of his life under house arrest in the small village of Krasak his
birthplace died in 1960 much beloved by Catholic quotes for his simple
piety he also became an enduring symbol of Croatian nationalism that was
revived during the violent break of of Yugoslavia in the early 1990s but it is
Stepanak's record during the Nazi era that troubles Jewish organizations and
the Orthodox Church historians say Stepanak openly celebrated the pronazi
Yustashabru regime that came to power in Croatia 1941 and made little protest
while Yustashy murdered 30,000 Jews and perhaps 350,000 Serbs with a
ferocity that startled even the Nazis even the Nazis were saying oh my god
Jesus in Croatia you could draw a straight line between the behavior of the
government and the influence of the church said Rabbi Abraham Cooper assistant
Dean of Salman Vizenthal Center in Los Angeles an organization that
documents the activities of Nazi war criminals and their collaborators so once
again the church is celebrating and they're gonna make a mistake sooner later
probably sooner because they never met a Nazi they didn't like we have an
open line and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line
here's for Lauderdale hello good morning Neil yes sir how you doing okay
football is mediocre at best this season yeah it is just boring terrible to watch
I'm embarrassed for it and this whole impeachment process thing there is a
website where it's called move on it's www.moveon.org and you can put in your
opinions on let's just get this thing over with send to the president and move
on because the rest of the world is looking at us like a bunch of buffoons yeah
well they're not gonna move on because the Republicans in you know they got
the majority they're gonna keep banging on this and banging on it now they're
looking for other things they're kind of like looking around they're going on
little fishing expedition and dragging out as long as they can for fun and
political game which I think it might blow up in her face if anybody was smart it
is totally ridiculous how can we put a stop to it I can't can't put a stop to
it sir okay and have a great day we have an open line today one and
Broward five six seven oh five sixty can we put a stop to it no I don't think so
and pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a lady mobile in
Jupiter hello hello yes man hey Neil you know I came down here from New York
because I was tired of seeing the doff and stuff they are amongst all the jet
fans I came down here and I saw that debacle yesterday how
absolutely pathetic but on to a better subject where have you been why don't you
come to New York there's nobody up there like you you talk about everything you
give an honest answer we love you okay where have I been what what does that mean
you know what that means where have I been in the wrong place for like the last
twenty two and a half years I'm becoming more sure that as each moment goes by we
have two open lines in both in Broward how do you like that five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line here's a mobile in Bonita Springs hello
hey how you doing okay thank you okay we have two open lines in Broward one and
date five six seven oh five sixty in pound five he said basically he said they
don't give a crap is what he said here's West Palm Beach hello hey how you doing okay
I heard the funniest thing last night from Joe Seisman yeah as well as in the game and I know he
didn't realize what he was saying but you know how they always show on the replay and he does
his commentary says I want you to watch this big lineman when he gets his big rear around
he opens up a big hole so the running back to run right up into it uh-huh
yeah it's him so we can run right up up and do it right so much
with it was it was hilarious yeah I guess you had to be there yeah right okay thanks for the
good news we have an open line in Broward two of them five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T wireless line let's do a hockey show come on yeah take a pull on yeah
here's a mobile in bokeh hello
mobile in bokeh
well I just heard take a breath but it must have been their last one let's have a party now
oh okay down to our last two calls today here's a lady in Miami hello
hello hello Neil yes man hi I'm I just wanted to tell you I was talking to your friend
of mine I just got back from Germany she was um over there for a couple months and uh
she was saying how all the Europeans are laughing on this about this Clinton thing
that the new that the the old chancellor um Cole and in Germany had literally made
think yeah that that he um he's been married by the way three times and he literally made
the statement that it made him one of vomit the way that the republicans are going after Clinton
yeah and um the new one I can't remember his name it was just the chancellor's as
productive has been married four times and also the prime minister of France made the comment
that this is nothing more than um electronic lynching and she said that just just in general
the Europeans think it's a big joke the whole rest of the world is laughing at this country they're
laughing and they're crying because we've got these unbelievable international problems both uh
uh both financial problems and also we got wars all over the god damn world going on and uh
this they're sitting right here now and but a bit but a bullet and all they're doing is repeating
the same old tired crap over and over again they've had a chance to read these same 50,000 pages
five million times already they're not going to find out one more thing than we don't already know
and they're withholding most of the stuff about star and his involvement with Paula Jones lawyers
and uh what a lying bitch Linda trippers and uh Lucian Goldberg and Monica Lewinsky and uh the
media have making the sites are it's a circus it's a media circus exactly and uh um oh there's
one other thing I wanted to mention about that that um they were talking about you know what a joke
it is oh and and then republicans tried to come up and and say that he has no credibility now at
the rest of the world well you know you know you heard recently that the united nations gave
him a big help and a great day okay we have two open lines and dates he's making a campaign
speech two open lines and day one and browners five six seven oh five sixty and pound five six
the other eighteen t wireless line here's a mobile in Miami hello hello yes sir yes sir did you see
Barbara Walters with the little drill that they uh take out the stadium that's in a coma no you
missed that they checked out how's that it holy cross like oh but they checked their house for oil yeah
drips and they found out olive oil she's not a vegetable she's a salad all right it's they're
dripping olive oil all right i bet i bet you're gonna be over there time thanks for the good news
okay we have two open lines and powered to and date we're like basically out of business here
it's not even noon yet we're not gonna do the drawing for those tickets to one forty five but
even that has no interest in these people because this is south florida maybe you don't expect too
much here do you know because that's what you'll get five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the eighteen t line four lottery hello four lottery okay that was it boy they beat me
to the punch look at that we had two and then they both disappear right at the same time okay you
play that while I get my own you know I get off that was so depressing that's an old track
magic the a fogs did that thing and it was the the copy sold I want to thought oh look I can
update our copy I can get a nice fresh clean garbage man I wouldn't play that on on cane station
jeez remember I told you today was the day we're changing all music radio ten a bit
to clean I mean we do sports twenty other hours how about music four days four hours it is
that's good to me
we have an open line and brown all three lines in data we're gonna play the game today or one
it's up to you now in these next couple minutes during this break and maybe not probably not
all of a sudden I went away on vacation Saturday over there in four lot of day about a
gallery was there hardly anybody there no I mean it's a good thing jordan bother showing up over
there he knew he must have psychic vibrations is he gonna show up over there no I wasted time
to televised us sitting around there talking to each other eating those peanut butter cookies
which were pretty good nice eight about eight huh don't have to don't be having no more cookies okay
and any of our appearances please you're killing me with that
date county we got two hundred open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five
sixty on the mobile one line unbelievable it's a lot of good no we're opening night the
regular season tap away and the panther's Friday night no okay sorry sorry I asked
all the more proof we ought to be doing a hockey show yeah there you go rumor now the waiver draft
he said started eleven o'clock this morning do we have any information any news on what happened
and who picked what so far no did the panthers get anybody did they have anybody drafted that
they're trying to give it a crack uh... muller and Terry Carcler and uh... Jeff Dorton did they
uh... do we know no of course not see what it actually comes to concrete information
getting something that we can pass along to the listening audience to the ten people out there
who might give a crap about it do we get it no all I get is a lecture on how we ought to do a
hockey show and have Don Cherry on again with his white suit and his red tie I mean I love Don
Cherry but uh... what's what's left to say all your kids out there there you go
here's a mobile in Miami hello Neil how you doing okay uh... just out in uh... california last
week and I wonder what I know that I met the director of what I believe is your favorite movie
you know it yeah uh... copula state the uh... the wire out there pretty nice guy too huh of
all things we're talking about you know I started trying to get him to talk about his movies or
whatever he's got his his academy awards and everything else inside the actual uh... winery there
and I started to talk about the movie and he's like if you're in the McGuire this is 70th today
hmmm
even he was caught up in the old baseball craze and whatever and I think in fact you're just
talking about homeruns being uh... being up or whatever the case maybe because the
Haitians are so on the ball I saw them real tight yeah in the baseballs too
right well I think actually homeruns are definitely last year so it might be something you're
looking into so you might have uh... gear yourself more to the Haitian communities they can
start winding up even tighter for next year okay have a good day now okay thanks for the good
okay down to two calls again
to open lines today to unbroward
five six seven oh five sixty pop five sixty on the mobile one
and he says no
anybody out there no live no away no no nobody actually enjoyed it though no
you but what the three-second no
this is a new format now a little bit of music maybe a call or be a quarter-hour
a little bit of music again I like this very painless
probably to five feet you call that a consultant
oh
I'm the last for save a win of black as a dannell what the hopper time I come to
the league on I got the tickets and actually sat on my hand to think that you were rainy
old style okay both are saved of baby I can do anything I want to do
I'm your consultant woman and I'm gonna be consultant to you I'll give it that for
I'm a grab show for me like I've got the boy I've got the power to mold into the show
whoa you know I do
well I have a way to get your own show at a station down in Hollywood
and I don't care if you're waiting below just as long as you can stroke me go I'm
all the same or baby and you'll do anything I want you to you
of your consultant woman spread your legs and I desire you I'm gonna phone you
I'm gonna hold you I've done slot I've got in a real job that's why I'm a consultant
cause I'm just an asshole
pro 14 at 560 wqa m so we got our big thing at pizza loft tomorrow night anybody
gonna have a big thing at pizza loft and six to eight o'clock tomorrow night we'll have
our those t-shirts and the best of nilo CDs and cassette 97 and 98 also center one has got
there from previous years too by the way I should mention that and if you want to call
center one order your stuff you can call 954 563 3600 563 3600 toward your CDs and cassettes etc
because we really got to get this thing going because I have a feeling it's like promotion
in the vacuum I don't know I could be wrong I just get that feeling it's like being in a
broom closet with lights turned out promotion in the dark even Johnny dark is embarrassed
but we'll get there what we hey we better get our crack attorney on the phone on this
we better get Norma Kent in involvement in this and see so inemily involved with center one
was he there on Saturday no did he ever return your call on Friday no Saturday no or Sunday no
we'll get back to you about those things you were going to talk to him about no oh he's busy
getting a pot loss chain there you go nice going Norma oh useless as a dead bull frog
here's a mobile in North Miami hello hi Neil yes sir hi I just wanted to put in a vote for
continuing keeping us all informed about hockey in the NHL you're the only source of information
in Miami you can't hear anything on the on the TV about it you can't get anything in the
herald about it you can't get anything from the first team about it of course not you know if
it wasn't for you we wouldn't always going on right I know that you you were complaining that
you haven't heard anything about the waiver wire and whatever but when when we find out you'll
be the guy we hear it from okay so you know keep up with good stuff because there are hockey
fans out here okay have a great thing thanks okay there you go how how will we get the information
who's gonna give me is somebody gonna give me the information no come on get serious
are we gonna hear it from over there on Sheridan street is the sports department going to share
some information with us no no I'm the outsider man I'm the outcast I'm the evil one we know that
is rumour gonna come back and call back and give us any useful information no of course not
he's just sucking around for another free meal that's all he's doing trying to
appreciate himself again sure knows how to do it we have an open line today oh yeah we got to do
another hockey show get done cherry on the phone get the dog McLean on there from Columbus oh god
if I have to see any more of those jewelry stores store spots with dog McLean hey somebody
better tell them that Pete's toy and it's in dog McLean they're not working here anymore okay tell
them over that place here's a mobile and Davie hello hey Neil how you doing okay sir good I
gotta tell you I'm tired of listening to people complain about the arena fabulous facility I
don't know where were you at either one of the concerts over the weekend no I wasn't in concert
but I was at the the preseason games right and once of the when a see a seat day whatever that was
right pick your seat the only problem with the whole place is they kicked on the up with the
valet there's no valet parking oh there's not no none at all they shut them down oh that's
the same you know you don't need valet parking in this place I mean all the parking is so close
number one and number two you don't have to worry about getting mugged that's true too thank you
save a lot of money in any of the words you don't have to worry about your car getting smashed up by
the valet parking guys twice in one season like I did do a session in huh 101 okay all right good talking
see you there well by the way speaking of cars I mentioned this a couple of weeks ago when I had
my previous episode about what was it two three weeks ago driving in the airport and the car just
stopped it's a computer thing and a guy called in these said well you know when that when you're
a check engine light comes on and the thing starts flashing reduced engine power it has to do with
your gas cap remember that and the guy to a point was right which we were very skeptical as it
sounded simplistic and ridiculous but if you look on a gas cap which which spends their time reading
your gas cap anybody out there read your gas cap oh of course not but it says on there that if the
cap isn't sealed tight until it starts doing the clicking thing that the check engine light can come
on and the freaky things can happen however a couple of weeks before that the ABS brake being out
the light came out and then come to find out that we're not there wrong with the ABS brakes now the
new deal that started a couple of days ago getting the car I go to the store I come home I shut it
off and guess what now the air conditioning comes on after I've shut off the ignition that's
right I've shut it off take the key out and here comes the air on baby so needless to say it
doesn't take too very long before the battery is dead in a goddamn door kneel dead of the most
of the people living in the sunrise and it's a computer thing and I hate to break the news
since I got that car into a Chevy dealer right now once they get it fixed you won't be seeing that
car my garage no more because like I tried to say that they wants to computer even if they
claim they fix it it starts playing with your mind especially if you had that real bad experience
like I didn't Chicago you computer decided that it was just going to you know pin that accelerator
into the floor I couldn't stop that thing for a lot of money and thank God that the pillar did
there under the Ritzkarten hotel oh yeah it's computerized baby it's a well it's a little computer
let somebody else get killed in okay I'll pass so I just thought I would share that with you
especially since the 99's are out we did have you see with this audience it's hard to tell whether
they're given it a real story or a bunch of bullcrab but the 99 vets are out and it got only
those who may actually be driving one okay sir maybe you shouldn't just they replace the computer
itself still wouldn't convince me well listen I had a question for you about the flyer
reminds me of Christine it's just evil now go ahead the flyer yeah they picked up these are right
yes I think that's a pretty considering what they had a pretty good improvement and I think you're
in and you're out everybody's picking them as a team to go but I haven't heard much about them I
wanted to know what you thought and if you thought that uh that's a big step in the right direction
for them this year I mean he'll I mean well all depends it depends if he plays as well there as
he did for the they're going nowhere as long as Roger Nielsen is there they are going nowhere
yeah in addition to which they continue they continue putting all the pressure on Lindross and I
realized they're paying him a tremendous amount of money but he is never going to be the kind of
leader and the kind of uh dominating a superstar that they think yeah I mean he's a great player
but he's never going to be what they want him to be he just can't he doesn't have it in him
yes I'm pretty good surrounding talent though with the player and bring them more and all those guys
you ever see the the body language and the facial expressions this man he has the look of a
loser he just look at him and you think oh this guy knows he's going to lose he just got that
sour look yeah every time I yeah you know I think about that I get excited for their season for them
and and these are being on a good team and and then I've been and then when I say oh yeah but I hope
I hope he has a good year up there I hope these are at a good year in Filly of course not when they
play us but but other than that I hope he plays real well just a stick it to some of these people
down here now these two faced phonies who are stabbing in the back and Riponman asked now that he's
gone which is the most popular thing to do in sports as soon as somebody gets traded or goes to
another joint right away they start saying well he's stuck anyway you know like Kevin Brown
right there you go all right you know hey we're talking about hockey so we better end it now
okay thanks but two open lines and Dave I don't mind talking about hockey I just did not
going to do any more hockey shows no okay it would be one thing if you did a hockey show with
somebody was controversial somebody actually came out and said something something who ripped
the management once in a while who said that the general manager the coach made a crappy deal or
that something you know because nothing is perfect nobody is perfect you know what I'm saying
that's right nobody's perfect well when it just gets to be a shook fish that it is into a
shining we have two open lines in dead county five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty
on the mobile one line here's Hollywood hello hey me how you doing great hey listen after our
coach sounds like Andy no no chance if I didn't have a call the whole day I've been on for two
hours and twenty two minutes if I didn't have anybody on here I don't talk to missfits okay Andy
I don't talk to missfits and there's a difference between chronic and missfits chronic is one category
you're in another category you're in the missfit category somebody with no life nothing to say
somebody who's extraordinarily annoying I would rather do another hockey show than talk to Andy
from Hollywood and I would rather die before I would do another guy day one of those rumor hockey
shows okay oh yeah let's get cherry on the phone and let's get the BM on there to do
station good stuff okay and do some propaganda get out here the youngsters in the organization
we already got it on tape okay we got on a goddamn christian tape the youngsters in the
organization are going to be sensational and it's going to be a big year more expecting big things
yeah then here was giant sucking sounds coming right through the speakers inverting the speakers
in your car radio man here's Miramar hello Neil yes sir when you leave a joke when you leave
a dog the game Metro date and the people at guide the parking and the leaving the stadium yes it's
a beautiful setup the sunrise police could take a lesson from the way they manage traffic at
Joe Robbie for those concerts the other night there wasn't a sunrise porker to be found anywhere
guiding the traffic it was a free for all in that parking lot really it was madness yeah I couldn't
believe I hope they get the markings a little better so people know where the hell they are because
there are no markings there are none there's no markings and when you attempt to leave that that
arena on the north side everybody's trying to go south to uh 136 on Panther Drive right almost
impossible to turn left to cop on to the um the overpass they built directly to the sawgrass yeah
hey look look at the hang of it the concert nowhere to be found uh-huh anyway well let me ask you
so which concert you go to um I went to the frog concert oh Celine Dion yeah and how was the acoustics
well I gotta be honest with you I didn't think they were that hot oh like I said that guy who called
before I apologize well no I mean I just read the stuff in the papers and the papers are usually
so damn critical anyway so I figured if they said it was good it must have been great well you know
I guess everybody's got their own interpretation what good acoustics are right but I'm you know I'm
used to going to rock and roll concerts where the music is different right Celine Dion oh wow
so you know what I tell you yeah okay I guess you won't be doing that again huh okay see okay see uh
okay we have an open line at day uh 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the mobile one line 12 25 here at QAM by
the way on and on and on our after our after our the house you initially your committee but I mean
but I'm open about he stuck it over here she puts us a car over there but I mean but I'm open
about same old tired crap market is taking a gigantic dump the whole world economy is turning the
crap white house that goes that you don't even want to turn that crap off that Nazi son of a bitch the
dollar is down 166 and the nasdaq oh my god today is the day that tech turned to direct and I don't
mean bill either the nasdaq is down almost just under 90 points that's the equivalent of 450
dow points the market is taking a huge and they're sitting around that that that that that that
no we don't want to give the IMF that money and we don't want to worry about these other problems
we want to make sure that we like to paralyze the president talk about neurofiddling while a
goddamn whole world was burning on freaking believable oh you can't say that on the air we'll come
down take your license away roll up your sleeves and do do do the president's hot cocaine
dust off those old studies yeah they've been dragged that little twerp out again how do you like
that's how desperate the media is now to put every kind of spin on this and squeeze as much blood
and money as they can out of this crap and let me say it again without the media this thing could
never have gotten the where it is today not a china man's chance in hell without this sick
obsessive twisted media these self-righteous hypocritical bastards sanctimonious assholes
it's in the sport showed the linebacker the linebacker for what what happened for what
what a cold who cares about the coats go get an education okay go get a brain the cults
it's the bear's not the cults you idiot two open lines and date follow that was for a pierce i'm sorry
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line cheeses are you listening to
this show who now this isn't a goddamn sports show thank god until the sports fade comes back
and now the talkie season will have Christina back again oh yeah booster is going to be on the
right so that means it won't be lobbied for booster and moron will be back here in midday
especially the way things are going lately here's a mobile in Miami hello
there yes sir how you doing sir you demand i tell you you are the man i am i got a question
it's like yeah i'm gonna throw something there too and i'm gonna hang up i want to hear your response
uh i heard on the uh news is wanting to get Larry Larry think the hustler guy yeah got a
we already talked about this you paid a million dollars is going to be a lot of money i've
got a big car i didn't get in my car when she was talking about it i say Larry flint for president
oh if we have one thing we're always good enough in a wheel chair what's wrong with Larry flint
oh man get it going oh there you go okay pal have a great life we have an open line of dip oh no
oh no what was that what do you mean it was what is that uh what is that on the bat
line that you're talking you know i'm serious i'm going to get a photo this chair i am leaving
i am going home you can finish the show you can put a tape on they can have dead air they can play a
grandma moses farting for an hour and 25 minutes what is that what is that what are you not
me it's say it's it's it's it's rumor
what would you just say oh my god what did you just say i thought i would have sworn i thought you say
it's who have you got some news i've got news well thank god but don't expect some big news
mr. Rogers but i promised i'd call back after the wabrid raft nine players were claimed
your leaf picked up a player of note Kevin doll in defense but other than that
do about no cap of bay picked up Brent Gilchrist yeah uh zedno seager went to
national pts seager seager pts seager zedno pts seager said no trip and pts seager said no yeah absolutely trip and yay
Pascal Pascal Pascal Pascal Pascal Pascal Puske Niaq why what is this a joke are you doing sit down comedy now
you're making up names now not make it up name path Pascal Puske Niaq he went from
Colorado to an eye i got a pounding in my head like somebody's in there with an angle and a hammer
Fredrick Shabbat yeah Shabbat now he's doing Jewish humor yeah who can't play on the Friday night and
Saturday games Shabbat was claimed by Montreal from Los Angeles yeah uh the penguins it's not
Shabbat it's Shabbat C-H-A-B-O-T it's not Shabbat it's Shabbat what's wrong with you you work with a
frog how come you can't speak French uh Maxim Galinah you know how he shut up as soon as I said you
work with a frog from you notice I just won't even respond to that Montreal yeah his name is Shabbat Shabbat
Shabbat is Jewish Shabbat is French no no that's Shabbat I feel really really yeah
kip Miller was claimed by Pittsburgh oh from the New York Island so far there's not one player
other than the first one which I forget to leave the marginal defenseman they got there's not one
other player you've mentioned that anybody ever heard of and if I never heard him how they'll what's
a chance the audience ever heard about you listen if I didn't call you back I was at a camp when
today oh so so what about the Panthers no player was claimed and they didn't claim anybody oh but you
know oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god Neil the players that were
exposed in this draft really have no significance what are you talking about now
Mueller is making almost two million dollars a year they got to get rid of them now they want to
get rid of Terry Carciner and Jeff Norton so bad that it hurts they'd like to put them all three
on a gray hound bus and you know that now the situation is this will respond no no I'm telling you
what's gonna happen now am I right they wanted to unload those three guys and their salaries absolutely
but now the trading deadline or embargo has been lifted and you're gonna see a flurry of activity
we're getting theory flurry no no flurry of activity I thought he was in a back seat when
children Kennedy was good that that's what they say that's the story and it said nothing happened
nothing and nothing and the children Kennedy by the way had a little bit of a problem here
couple a couple of weeks ago he fell off the wagon yeah a little drink it in the drug problem and
always comes back to that same excuse again yeah he was in a hummer yeah I bet with Graham James
he was in a hummer with Graham James okay remember I think you reached the end of the line on that one
see the least they're making a trade they stuck yeah who they trading besides feel like a
butt fan here's the dealer two rumored deals yeah one of them has a three-way deal with the New York
China Kennedy was in a hummer that was that was almost redeemed your other call not quite but
almost it's true yeah I bet it is that's what Graham James said no that's what happened at Edmonton
yeah but anyway uh pot van could end up in van kouver with paville burray ending up with a new
York Islanders and Trevor Lyndon yeah and Trevor Lyndon would end up in Toronto another scenario has
burray possibly ending up in Toronto but time remains the New York Islanders are having a
a fire sale they've got so many players now that they're trying to unload to get their salary
down first they don't even have a place to play in so they're going to be playing a shini hockey
out there in a pond I think but expect quite a bit of activity between now and Friday certainly
great all right bud okay thanks so much rumor all right okay watch out for that hummer
oh thank god that's over we have an open line and date why I just lit the end of this cigar I think
I lit the tip of my nose to it at the same time smells like burning chicken oh god I'm serious I just
lit the end of my goddamn lit the tip open line and date five six seven oh if I told you I'd
commit suicide if he called again 21 till one at five sixty wq a minute he pressed now
bulk of Brian who is the epitome of walking depression walks in the door and he's crying for money
what was the first thing I did when I saw him in there I reached in my wallet
deny and pulled it out and a check to and he came in here and he gave it but a beep but a
if I kept this man alive for how long now have I kept him alive off the streets out of a dumpster
off a welfare and he's if you could have just heard the coming I can't keep track okay it was gone
for a week on vacation does he get paid during that week no but he wasn't here last week he was
back so last week this week okay I had a slip of the mind okay because out of sight out of mind
in addition to which he's already tripled the thing anyway and I want to cry droopled
when you're paying him on a goddamn tv stuff here's a guy to get paid four times to do the same stuff
which I have no problem paying him what he's got coming with a little deal we made on the side
to keep him alive but he stood here in the doorway holding the goddamn stoop up and the
man he's been a man oh my god why didn't you call me this morning we early and say just stay
home no come in today why didn't you do that I thought you knew it was Monday why didn't you warm
it's got nothing to do with Monday he's just as depressing on Tuesday he's not any better on
Tuesday yeah but he always calls any better on Thursday no Wednesday no Friday no
Sookas no he's telling me about what's this guy's name Shabbos
Georgie Shabbos that got drafted this guy's making it up as he goes along
man you think that a guy that works with a dumb frog would at least the little were rub off
least he'd be able to shop bow he's got the way where's a beautiful Shabbos
his hat god we have an open line in day I guess it goes to show you when you work with the dumb frog
it does rub off five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line
here's Coral Gables hello Coral Gables going once yes sir yeah um I had a question in the statement
one of the CDs going to be out your new ones they're out right now oh they are where they
available orders all aboard are stores all aboard are stores the second one was if I I have a
a question about Clinton if if a president can only be reelect reelected or elected twice
if he doesn't serve a second one is impeached can we reelect them again could he run again
yeah good service second term I'll call up a clear time is in fight out for you
we have two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line
here's Miami hello hello yes sir hey Neil yes Neil how you doing okay um yes man I just got some
things on my market and I need you to talk to me I want to talk sports I need to talk to you
yeah yeah um the doctor's man okay okay we got all the data lines open five six seven oh five
sixty five six seven oh five sixty and pounds five sixty on a mobile one call up the
Humper he'll be on it to a clock he'll talk all the dolphin you want to talk he'll talk dolphins he'll
talk the Patriots New Orleans Saints any kind of Picks can you want even though it's not kosher
the Humper will talk about it with you too luck okay here's a mobile in Pember Pines hello
hi Neil yes sir how you doing I thought I thought that joke that that guy made in reference to
Southern Kennedy and the Hummer was was pretty good as a bus material he had yeah I think yeah
I think he slipped into it though I think it was an accident he just got a fell into it yeah he answered
my question I was gonna ask you about Potsman I just had a quick question about that the Panthers
are playing and I'm a huge Toronto fan but for the glass at the at the time to call and say hello
and you have a great show six one and two in the exhibition season sir six one and two for those
leaves they gotta go you know hey maybe I'll call back and I will go up and see them in the cops all
right all right let's see hold your breath okay we have an open line and Broward all of
a day it's cracked out again man every time you think you got a little bit of momentum in
Dave County all of a sudden it turns crap that's right we got three lines there in Dave we got one
for Kendall we got one for coconut grove we got one for girl Gables one for Halea one for South Miami
one for Cutler Ridge one for Homestead one for Sweetwater three and they're all dead as a doornail
five six seven oh five sixty we're just not speaking the right language on here that's all I guarantee
if that whammy thing which by the way that's going off in a month that TV thing no matter what
these people try to tell you about it coming back because it won't and you know the the other
thing that astonished me how they BS us maybe you're trying to make us feel better all the
other local shows went off the only show that went off was out loud that generation any that
thing is on all over the goddamn place an ocean drive and city desk and sports town the other
local shows didn't go off this is the show the show that they used over there like a play toy
well now that we got those football shows on Sunday night we don't need to put him on it anymore
we used to have a month for an hour and like filler this was just filler for them over there
that's all until they hit some of paid crap like that Bobby Bowden show or those other football shows
where the video is like real distorted and you can barely see in the other workers
over the glory you know that stuff I mean you talk about sluck they make the bees these look like
uptown and downtown man they make them look like big time so thanks a lot to Marvin Raughman
for getting us involved with us a mess here's Weston hello hey they how you doing okay sir
man these are hard acts of follow I got the rimmer I got the guy asking you a question and I got a frog
three in a row they stunk listen just want to let you know I went to the to see the queen of rock
yesterday night yeah and it was a great concert and oh John George or George is in a hole
what do you get with it he is so slow man he's he's he's gonna call him out there so how is the
how is the acoustics I loved it the sound the sound was really good and I was uh you know trying
to get some blood off my nose but uh the seats are small Neil but you know what you get what you pay
for mm-hmm and the bottom line is I had a great view even though you know I was up in the up in the
section 4 11 nosebleed yeah yeah but you know what I mean those are the only tickets I could get
and I was there so but let me tell you I love that place gorgeous place very clean now how many
people they hold for a concert in their 40 thousand 20 20 20 thousand I think you're in a hell
to 15 right but man the sky boxes are beautiful I mean that's where the money is for these people you
know so but anyways the concert was great he you know he he said I mean I you know I've listened to
him since I was a kid so you know to me he's he's it and had a great time took the wife and you
know had some food there it was thanks a lot I had a good time pal thank you we have an open line
date to a Howard 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line here's Hollywood hello Neil
yes sir I got a great story for you okay Saturday afternoon I'm in the sky lake area going
from my haircut which I do every week and I have an hour to kill because he can't see me until five
o'clock so there's a very very good piece of place right around the sky lake area that I've
been going through for years and uh I went in and as I'm driving in there I say I guarantee
that I'm not going to have any slices ready to take out so I'm driving in there and I get in there
and I go without even looking over at the slice rack I said I'd like two slices and two diet
cooks to go so she goes over and looks there's no slices right I said I want to see the manager right
now she gets the man she gets the manager over and I said I cannot understand one thing here this
is it keeps the place why on earth are you telling me you have no slices to go right now well the guy
said it'll take 50 I don't want to look at 15 minutes well to put a new step right even a slice pie
on the oven cooking I said I want to know why any business there was there anybody standing around
yeah these pizza over there on one fifty fourth treat oh I said I want to know why every time I come
in here in the last four or five times right there are no slices to be now listen to this so I get
back in my car I haven't got another half hour to kill before five o'clock now is this was this
back in the car with her without slices without the sliding okay so Neil I go back and I you're
not gonna like this name with this place I go to little seizures I'm dying for a piece of pizza yeah
I get a piece of pizza I ask now Neil I ask for a large diet cook
she says we don't have any ice I already what are you talking yeah but at least they had slices
but listen to this so he's supposed to get the slice out there and get the large diet
cook back it's back don't you get it Neil she says to me the policy of the chain now is that we
do not have ice machines in the restaurant I go what do you talk you mean to tell me if you have
us let's say you have a family of twelve of the comes in here that wants twelve diet cooks yeah
you mean to tell me you have no ice how expensive is it to make ice I mean what's the
thing that would make it ice that's the policy of the chain are they saving on the water
bill's empty for you now was give you a can of coke or a candle whatever you want to see yeah
I cannot go in there and get a a cup of ice and a cup
well you should when you wear steams you should have asked for a cup of ice
Neil this is what we are going through in our in today's world okay well thank you
we have it open line this guy do you wish you had his problems oh do I wish I had his problems
well this is this guy's major problem is this slices were ready it's steams and they got
no ice in little seizures which anybody goes into little seizures in the first place deserve to
get no ice then they're not sit down and eat places anyway they're just pick up and take home
yeah little seizures there's no place to sit oh my god how do you how would you like to work in one
of those places dealing with people like this huh how is oh I don't want to say because I know that
there are people out there listening to me right now who work in retail all I can say is I have
all a rock minus all the pity in the world for those of you who work in retail in this town
I got the button at least here okay like my good friend uh what's your name there Marcy over
Walgreens got all mighty at least I can hang up on him we have an open line at day five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line where's the goddamn ice oh
1255 at QA and if you're shopping for a computer system don't settle for the two systems
at the mega stores off of you visit our friends at computer Renaissance where you can actually buy
a complete system if you go for your shop liver or something what about Rodney McDonnell how about her
oh that bokeh Brian you are so depressing I'm telling you comes in it bap bap bap bap bap bap bap
I mean don't take it personally unless you want to but hey you'll feel better tomorrow night with
an ice cream meal in fact I'll bring you that check tomorrow night it's a pizza lot how's that Brian
is that okay no what what am I not two open lines andbroward five six seven oh five
six you will be drawing for the winner of those tickets at 145 you better get on the list right now
you idiots in section 101 the opening game of the regular season the first ever regular season
game in a goddamn new macarena there in sunrise the panthers and a very marginal type of a lightning
at least they got Rob Zaminer anyway that's about all I got and that kid like comedy but all we
don't want to start with that because then people say oh if we would have got the number one
draft pick thank god victor causlobs going to be great because if he weren't going to be great
there would be a lot of people wanting bms ash for making that trade exchange for an
everyone draft pick which is good tampa got looked like he's going to be a superstar so come on
victor we don't want to put too much pressure on you but we will anyway and what was wrong with what
I said before about billiamans Ian and ray Whitney we want to see ray Whitney naked there on a
goddamn panther weekly I guarantee you might get a one share you might get an audience for that
you idiot here's a mobile and medley hello Neil yes sir Neil all day yesterday I was watching that
stupid thousand game and I was saying to everybody my house hey Neil I gotta say something
is funny this absolutely fine and every sport Neil if you curse out the ref use that F words
you get thrown out of the game right yeah I'm listening oh and I was turning the radio up to see
if he's still on here okay we got two open lines in day and F you two fell two open lines in
day five six seven oh five sixty and prom five sixty on the AT&T nose picker line yeah that's
yeah that's what we ought to have a nose picker line here's plantation hello plantation
going once going twice thank god he was there on Saturday true by the way the guy with the eyes
was okay in fact probably the guy with the eyes divorced himself from these losers which is why
he got on his best behavior two open lines in a date county five six seven oh five sixty and
five sixty on the AT&T line here's a mobile and Davie hello Neil what do you live of scumbags
like Grimm or on you Sean I mean the guys okay there you go again there's that Mitch asshole asshole
alert mobile and West Palm Beach hello hey Neil yes sir I just want to tell you that I
hard for Connecticut originally and then moved up to Canada for lived in Montreal with all those
French-speaking people there are a couple of others go on door his frogs well for all actually and I
moved down here uh love hockey it was the only good thing about them is that they they got me to love
hockey but the best thing now is that the Canadian dollar being done that down the drain like they
can't come down right there we might have a wick lunean tuney right we might be able to
live without them for the one third thank god yeah I was just wondering if I could stick around to be
on the list okay sure hang on put that coupon on the list we have an open line in the day one and
brown at five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight ten T wireless line the
NASDAQ is down ninety the dollar is down plenty which if they ever put the goddamn it they're 168
the economy of the world is going to happen a hand basket and these self-righteous sanctimonious
hypocrites like this Bill McCollum this good ol' boy redneck from Florida who's on there right now
and see it then but I'm about about same old tired crap same old garbage I mean it's as
clear as a bell you don't have to be a rocket scientist to see what this whole thing is all about
and to see where the hell can star is from and all the funding for this came from you don't have
to be a genius all you got to do is read just a little bit between the lines and around the edges
but they can't figure it out here's Miami hello hello yes sir yeah how you doing okay uh
i've been listening to the show these people calling about the arena the new arena if it's good
if it's bad i mean come on they they were complaining about the old arena where the location it was
and all these people are never happy here sir they always have to have something to bitch and
don't know about life as a world living they go to a contra by the acoustic sit down and hear the
damn concert it'll care about the damn acoustic or whatever you know ridiculous uh can i get on the list
okay uh pretty weak where we going oh let's go to the one that's got the four hundred question marks
this could be a record for question marks on one line okay so it must be a good one but what
that was evergreen what is evergreen colorado a mobile and evergreen colorado with four hundred
question marks hello nail yes sir how about this walked into island and smoke shop in evergreen colorado
i'm down here today but i'm still calling on a colorado mobile just because it's only 11
centimeters around the country somehow as well right make a long story short i walk in this little
scissors in evergreen about a month ago and the smoke is so thick when you walk in you wonder if
anybody's working there you hear rap music so loud you can't even i'm screaming for somebody to
come out so i can you know get a pizza right yeah well i thought you smoke it wasn't pizza smoke it
was uh how do you look in the free crack is that what you're not in there it was it was hard to believe
i'll just say that so i'm screaming a kid comes out laugh and he says uh what would you like
and he's been in my shop before so listen what's going on here man it's the cops walking you guys
to go into the jail yeah he says well some guy would repeat that he came in here he scared us so
bad we're this kid's 18 years old he says he scared us so excuse me i'm listening he says he says
this old guy scared us so bad that we got so stressed that we had to smoke a couple balls to calm down
there you go these are 18 year olds yeah and i just had to tell you after that last piece of
color i heard i had to tell you what goes on in colorado you know well here listen are going to be a
lot of people moving out there right away thanks for the good news evergreen colorado
three want to go it ain't amstu damn it ain't Vancouver birds the next
vice-guysam thing deliciously different maro wanna feel this sweet different maro water
some of the pizza they put around here you run to the bowl all right not the bowl he's talking about
we have an open line and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18
will wireless line all right all right with that cut it out oh is this been something man let's
see Tuesday for today is the fifth day in a row that is just you seriously i'm not going to do any
injury to myself besides overeating well than that you just want to blow somebody's brain just
spill them all over the goddamn all over the nice brooch brother suit here's a lady in daniel hello
hey nale yes ma'am why isn't your tv show current at night i beg your pardon you know at night we
want you want to do it it's going to be crazy are you listening to me are you listening to me
yes sir it's going to be current tonight it'll be a fun show but then it's going to be
often about three or four weeks it'll be finished no yes oh what can we do to stop that nothing
the way that with the way the audience could have done something to stop that was to watch
at these last the last day june july august september last four months they could have watched it
but they had no more interest they had no more interested in watching the tv showed when they
do and calling the radio shows so that's uh that's my loyal audience out there well we're new people
and didn't show up at borders on saturday and four-letter day where we were hoping to have a line of
two three hundred people and we had like uh thirty or forty we're new in town right let me ask you
something let me say something to you about monica yes i understand that she was offered millions
of dollars to be on tv right you think maybe she could afford to get her dress cleaned maybe now
listen me out yes lonely fifty dollars okay have a great day okay we have an open-line
and brown word five six seven oh five sixty are you sure positive and one in that's it
pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line let's do pizza talk let's hear about little
knives okay cheapskate he wants ice with his can of soda how do you like that
this guy is he ever satisfied no will you want him coming in your store no please
or begging you don't come to the pizza lot tomorrow night no in fact if that guy shows up at the
lot tomorrow i'm gonna have to have kick his ass out right now the tv thing which is bitter
impediment that's the a trigger in the wood pile that's the only thing preventing the show from
being on not just statewide not just nationwide but worldwide all over the god damn freaking world
then we'd have some god damn calls now that this tv this bogus thing i want thing i do want to say
though those people really made a great commitment to the show you know what vicki and sticky they
made a tremendous commitment to this show you know let's slide it on over here sticking it over there
fill it we were like silly putty stick it in the cracks they have a little crack problem anywhere
there's a crack sticking in a crack there's a crack over there sticking in there as in all right
but hey it was good that Joe was out there at the borders on Saturday was the wrong
borders but it was a good start a little bit late here's a mobile in Miami hello yeah hello yes sir
yeah first time call it is Mike oh my just want to know your tape on Jimmy Johnson do you think he's
taking this whole running game thing a little bit serious yes sir i'm here how you doing now great
hey the phones have been smoking all day i've been busy all day i've been trying they have they have
maybe in brow or date counties been comatose i'm in the Miami day the good news you'll be
pleased to know the people in date are departing they're all getting out you can move back to date the
coast will be clear yeah exactly uh what's the reason for when we taking you off you're asking me
well you know you know that the readings suck because we don't have enough uh diaries out there
yeah or machines well i mean i mean everybody's watching i can keep arguing i'm gonna i can only tell you
this over the weekend i go to amico to get gas they're like four people and they're getting gas
every one of them tells me they watched every one of nose me number one and number two they watch
the show i go to public last night to the grocery to get through your four things people in there
i've never heard of before people i would know if uh you know uh they're all watching the god damn
show they all know who i am and they like it but but they can't they cannot they cannot find the
audience for that show they just cannot find it because there's only four and twenty seven
diaries in addition in addition to what they're doing so no promotion there has been none there has
been zero promotion like one stick and billboard up there other than that they've had no promotion
they wasted all that money into a new show on the station but conspicuously leaves out this he
doesn't even acknowledge that we exist even though they've been running the show twice a night
for most of the last three months they pretend the show doesn't even exist on that god damn thing
and it's the best show on the station well there you go i agree yeah me too okay pal can i be on the list
sure hang on you bet we have an open line of damn is it gonna change my life are they still gonna
have to pay us for next to eight months or whatever it is yeah so if they take it off do we care
i mean what the hell are we gonna do without joke clunking around with that ladder in here and
then knocking things around what are we gonna do then plus we'll be upstairs anyway see that's
an interesting part of this timing too is that we're moving up to our police new studios up on the
third floor here allegedly starting in november and they probably have to like break this whole thing
down and then then what would they do well what would they do at that point or maybe if we run
some camera cables all the way from up on the third floor all the way down to here you think they
could handle that no i mean we're talking about a major major investment of effort there which of course
like i said the very deal at room well here because there's no room for them upstairs like i said
well it's been a lot of fun it certainly didn't do us any harm did it besides making me look like a
jackass oh it's pretty good we have an open line and i know like being made to look like a jackass
open line in date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the AT&T line actually
i enjoy being made to look like a jackass i love it that's why i'm wearing a stupid beanies on my head
i want to be a jackass i'm doing a great job but till and don't tell me i'm not
look who i went to work for here huh talking about being a jackass you know book of bride didn't have
a good point excellent point no seriously you occasionally with all the other depressing stuff you
spew out he said how is it possible that these people don't care about their sponsors and they
don't i mean you heard these little five-year-old kids doing tags on spots that people are paying for
we can't we can't beg i mean beg copy out of people so that we can do an effective job for our clients
i don't want to mention giri sarna by name again but especially him
and the center one thing i mean if we if we didn't just do this and make it an automatic pilot
project would it ever have happened no of course not of course not
you know the old days back going all the way back to when housey on aim remember housey on
uh... but he does when housey on was there little i house in over diode and she used to recall for the uh...
you know the totals for the appears here's the uh... peaches totals here's the totals
those were the days and every morning in fact the one day she didn't have and she was in tears
there because i made a uh... ascent of her whatever was but she was right on top of it even at
bit sarah over there who was a hard-nosed bitch even she used to come in every day and with the
erasure and put the new total up there whether it was committal's house or center one or whatever we
were collecting for the time to try to do something good in the community besides just be on here
try to flee some money out everybody which most radio stations do
and we come over here and we beg them higher tracy kerosene or this guy's a good guy he's a great
promotions guy he's done the dolphin thing before the network he's done the center one thing
oh yeah that sounds like a great idea and then behind our back they're going oh yeah like we're
going to pay him are they going to pay him no they're going to really pay somebody to do a job no
no they got they got the relatives in here they got the nephew and they got sand which hey
did their credit they got the stuff out there to borders and that's about all they showed up
their center day at the right place and that was about it
but are they involved in uh... you know getting this and i'll pour care all over there at center one
now she's the pivot man now she's the one that's got to do all the work that the promotions
person who doesn't exist here on this radio station should do so they didn't care about their
sponsors they don't really care about what's on the year they don't care about the center one
campaign they don't care about anything they just want to work right see they ought to get out of
a m just like the cops people did just get those fm slush stations like power 96 and coast and
hot 105 and crank out the hits with an s with two s's because they don't give a good they not
interested in going through the effort of really being a real radio station it's a joke to them
to pay the nes
then he got a bunch of specially in the sales department about just spoiled fools of working in there
i don't want to mention gerry sarnor again who've been allowed to just do whatever they wanted for
years and years and years and nobody ever said hey guess what this is half past mr
putting a bunch of three-year-old kids on here to do hey go down here here we put that
lanyard kid on i don't want to knock him because he may be a pretty good guy although i don't know
who now knows anything about him huh tonight on the hysterical channel famous radio
milestones a reenactment of radio's greatest moments performed by the multi-talented Leo
dynamo Lenny Marges yeah there you go we have an open line and date 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the 18t line here's a lady mobile in Miami hello hello yes ma'am hi Neil
this one you know you still have one loyal female listener great you're it um maybe on your list
no we have an open line and date one and brown or five six seven oh well what are you laughing
about she's going to be on the list for saying that for just calling and sucking around i got
plenty of women out there okay including a couple who've called here and had something to say
today can i be on the list another lady for a free loader mark it down hey they won't talk to me for
lover money this woman but i got something to give away boy all of a sudden just like somebody
said saturday at our parents and borders isn't it interesting to see the difference in the way
the colors behave when you got something to give away then all of a sudden everybody's real friendly
hey we love you you're the best at tv show it's great yeah can i be on a god damn list
but when we got nothing to give away you suck you said you don't know good money
yeah it's like a jury's springer show that's it just one after another we have an open line and
date one and bright you only got 24 minutes until we start to do that drawing for these god damn
tickets section 101 they're opening the first game ever in the history of the first real regular
season game in the history of the macarena and i got open lines on here and i'm pushing date
county all day feel like jackie bales i feel like a jimmy Carter like i'm pushing push and
Bosnia or some crap like that pushing phone lines on here so i got a management upstairs that
doesn't give a crap we got the whammy people are like in the twilight zone that wouldn't know a
god damn tv station to be a stuck in there and we got that and then we got an audience who also
it must be catching they're also so indifferent that it's terrifying here's Orlando hello
hey Neil yes sir that was the best last week that jury's springer bit yeah anyway he's a real
mother yes me he said there's seven border stores have your city eight make that non they're up in
Orlando they're not there but i work by next door borders i went in there sorry i had 40 dollars
to your total oh thank you that's great they're sending out my two CDs you can't put it all right
excellent right up let me ask you some radio questions here oh happy trails or whatever
anyway uh run and feds are on in the local market again yeah and last week on real radio they
had fillings because they were on vacations and rather in tape yeah they had on the air friday and she
was coming to think it was Aaron oh Aaron slumber was on air correct oh what a suck fast that must
it's so embarrassing looking true yeah it's not and you know who her mentor is yeah well they're
stable it's still oh wait till last but a lot could you they want to talk about the I mean I'm very
grateful to skies our lawyer listry went up there and gave us the 40 bucks per cent of one he's
going to love the CDs but we just can't get that message across do we care about the people from
Orlando no the radio people no we care about the Tampa people since there aren't any do we care
no we don't here's a davie hello hey Neil yes sir I got this uh okay about that
asshole they called about it which one the one about the pizza crisis oh yeah okay I work
at a pizza joint in western okay have all places a bunch of rich rich bricks all they want is a
freebie anyway okay and I got a you know my assistant manager so they call me up and they're like
oh you know too hot too cold we get just as many calls saying it's been there too soon as too late
I mean what's what's that about and then you got there too soon yeah they're like well you said
it's gonna be 30 minutes yeah my right there's only one thing I can think of in life that can
happen too soon it's not getting your pizza yeah right anyway and and then I got to sit there and
kiss their ass I got to say yes or no sir would you like to yeah yeah exactly if I go someplace
and I don't like the product I don't like the service I'm not gonna do I'm not gonna go back
there right but do do do do do it both the favor if you don't like it don't come back right
have a nice day exactly I'm gonna suck around for anything if I want something I'll buy it myself
next lot okay see okay there's our kind of collar okay let's hear it for that poor guy that's
to put up on all these assholes out there oh they didn't have my ice and they didn't have this
license ready when I wanted boy oh boy oh boy this kid did this kid couldn't have been too spoiled when
he was a kid could he yeah he'd not only had his own toys when he was a kid he probably had
everybody in the neighborhood's toys too like about two years ago Jesus here's a mobile and sunrise
hello hello Neil yes sir how you doing Neil great listen it's kind of hard to fall of that last
color but I'll tell you what I was at the concert last night and it was just great the arena
it's great and you know what I was just standing right behind Elton John we were in the second
326 you can see all the flavors right there in the front road yeah all the screamers yeah oh crazy
crazy crazy crazy but it was it was a really good time to strip the arena was really great and
I'm just glad that I just have like one pair actually compared to the Miami arena was which it was
all clocked up or even just across the street from the parking lot it was a nightmare and then now we
got this big space is beautiful place with every amenity you could ever want there's no
bitch in about it they still got nothing but complaints I mean you just can't complain to two one
with the other I mean I mean I mean they're my arena please I'll take just a drive down there for
those of us who live in Broward just a drive down there and back was enough to make you want to
blow your brains out and you know it looks like people were from Broward that's right you think
it was like me we're going to the hockey game no no no but I'm well anyway close your Neil hey
I just think that this is the best thing for Broward County and I'm just happy that it's over here
okay take care Neil I'll see you there we have two open lines in Broward 26 past the hour that
means we got like a 19 minutes to go before we do the drawing to see who gets my tickets for
opening night in the brand new Macarena out there's any attempt to lay light weights are they
all uptight about that no worked out no no no are they falling all over each other get to the
phone no they don't care don't you understand they don't care even for free now it's become old
hand maybe if we put in 500 bucks for food speaking of food if you're looking for a
Finty wireless line we got to move along here man here's a mobile and margate hello
hey I'm Galeo yes sir except the course brings on Saturday my best of pleasure make a
sense that you know that's where I tell everybody especially putting in your own stuff every other
right every other bit and unedited on added it super one other thing please I beg you don't put
room or on anymore you can tell you if information that he gave before was so ponderous and you
was that unbelievable I mean he calls back and I'm sitting here just my life is flashing in front
of my eyes and I'm thinking well there must be something that happened worth putting on it and he
calls back to tell us basically that nothing happened and he said it just saying nothing happened
he has to go through the list of these Martian names of people that haven't been born yet of
embryotic anonymous people you know if he said that Mueller was gone or partner was right then we
would have had a party right yeah we danced in the street with Mueller got he's got this guy name
Shabbat from the Khabat House yes useless oh please don't put him on anymore okay thanks
bet your life on it oh oh yeah we got to do another hockey show oh my god ponderous
this isn't a hockey town what's the point it would be like going up to a
calivant doing a show on soccer what's the point
be like going to the middle of god damn side burying doing a goddamn show about uh
shini hockey oh they played up there okay well they got not probably don't have much
else to do man he is a scary you know good guy in his own bizarre way and I'm still trying to
figure out what that is but he can chase an audience the way faster than Mike Spindell
I have the than that music that we play to uh big cube from those by the way yeah I play music to
intentionally try to get the audience uh to call just so that they want to get the music off
and he works better than them any day of the week in fact since he made his second go you
notice every line of the board is smoking since he made that second call please they're begging please
don't put him on again we'd rather hear tourism guys farting for four hours than hear rumor again
for 10 seconds or did I tap that off yeah he was chopped off he ain't even Jewish 21 before two at
a m what's his obsession with hope okay 144 we're getting re-fermandis over here crap but I'll put it
oh it's not about time to do our drawing I guess for my two tickets that's that's 57 bucks a piece
that's 114 bucks plus the parking pass the preferred parking it's about $130 worth of crap and
only cost whoever wins it about 200 bucks per food for the two of you so what the other complain
about and I'm giving them away because I'm not going to be here Friday Friday night 7 30
Panthers and a tab of a lightning there'll be a big show put on a big thing to win through I mean
the exhibition games they were exhibition games I tried to tell you that there was nobody watches
exhibition hockey games there's there's no intensity there's no meaning it's like ditto it around
it's like one step away from watching a scrimmage once the real stuff starts in any sport then you
got something to hope hope that being the upper report are we getting that peer or a shovis are we
getting them okay now let me draw one of these out of the out of my oh look at this out of the
Neal with the oh and he's all the exiledives on it the blue one okay better start taking notes by
the way because that whammy things going off about November 5th so for this next Monday better
take notes which day he had to ride that's the blue shirt today so you know it's the right day
because we're doing it tonight he's got the brown yarmic on it while with the Neal a fish symbol on
and the winner of the yahaki ticket oh now see didn't you didn't put a uh why do you do that you
didn't put a line underneath is it a I guess it's a six okay or is it a nine well they they look
different is that a six yes you're positive well wait a minute let me just find the nine here first
okay the night has a stick and the six is all curvy the nine has a stick oh yeah you're right
you're right okay number six whoever was number six all must be petriot member one huh norm norm norma
norm norm norm not norma can now norma another norm okay norma you're the winner don't say the name
on here okay there guys it's name it's not the crowd all right crowd one of god damn hockey tickets
hope you have a great time norm and don't forget to call me next Monday and say thank you so much
and it was great even though we got our asses now we ought to beat them shouldn't we no
oh that was only an exhibition game over there the other night we blew a three nothing like
it was just an exhibitionist game don't get all better to shape and outcome rumors still here
anyway isn't he supposed to be in Binghamton he's supposed to be in Binghamton is
minimizing that exhibition game allegedly tomorrow night the last exhibitionist game up there
don't see still doing here here's a mobile implantation hello
you know yes sir oh yeah okay I don't know whether you're touched on on the subject to
but I touched it okay he uh feel like prop man all over the world for what about the uh then the
temperature that that intermediate trading deadline that they put in that that's uh passes then
they can start making a lot of trades it'll happen I guarantee you both you got the club parking
issues you I don't know about the other parking uh for me you just uh it's about uh few yards
you take the first left turn you're right there there's the traffic light you're right back on
136 Panther Parkway you're right there because they blocked off we went to the first game uh
again the Boston and they blocked off all of a way it took one lane going uh southbound 136 right
we know they did that that night too but luckily we left after one period because it's an exhibition
